This is not funny, but nice try OP, you'll always be a fag tho ;(
Hey I was in there! 
bad shooping is bad.
I just got off my chemo, goddamn OP. 
Nothing more beta than sitting on your arse cringing at other betas.
Fucking idiots it is obviously photoshopped
what the fuck are you talking about? that guy is obviously ripped as fuck. you're just a jealous beta

that aint even funny
Where's the face
Mfw = My face when. Yfw = Your face when. Tfw = That feel when.
when did we have to start explaining these? fucking newfags.
can someone explain all these jersey joes jokes going about?

they caught jersey joe jackin it on camera
ooooooooooooooh okay
 .spakin it wackin it smackin it back
I love 2011
Nice fucking repost from 2 years ago.
Stupid as fuck, but made me laugh. 

Faith in humanity = lost
No.
OP - Faggot.
OP-Faggot=?
0
I don't understand why I'm laughing so hard!!!
Because you're 10 and this is your first day on the internet, and the first time you've seen this image.
Which program to get that start button fag
Start menu 8
Did you rape b
You could have typed nigger rapingb and it would have worked.
consider it considered.
 ploose?

?
Good advice
Thank you
4chan gives you the noko effect automatically, no need to type it.
neat

Pretty good save in my opinion.
i think we can all safely say that OP is a huge flaming faggot (check the reply ID its the same fucking guy)
take a tiny bit of toothpaste water and snort it it you cant get a nasty smell out of your nose "(it's weird and uncomfortable but it works)
I think it's more cringey that the OP complimented his own post
I didn't even notice that. Lol. OP is true fag.
What kind of mother sees her son in the bathroom and immediately thinks, "What the fuck is my son doing in the fucking bathroom? I better barge in and investigate!" 
The kind that isn't real.
You gotta give OP some credit. That's some lightning fast reflexes. Way to think on your feet
Yeah he replied to himself real quick
yeah that loses some street cred
"I'm in the bathroom. Whaddaya THINK I'm doing at this hour??"

You don't get it, samefagging is the actual cringe story.
So many faggots around here now just spouting mfw in every comment..You didn't post a face.

 when u say something that happened and its silly
Pat's Church Adventures 
To be fair, every punch having a squeaky noise is pretty hilarious. 
Lol, private browsing.
You're not fooling anyone with that Pat picture, Woolie.
wut?

Is this a mobile app?

fucking died. If your 6 year old brain came up with that you may have been able to get into comedy.
"Safari"
Hory shet what if it was Matt that posted this
Is Matt a mod or something?
Better off than that pat junior I heard he got stuck in a woolie hole once
Shit, I was just watching their DP video a minute ago.
You should actually write out 'deadly premonition'. Now it just looks weird.
OK, OK, the video of them enjoying their Deadly P.
I just got done watching their video of Deadly DP.  It's private.
Teach a nigger to fish, and he'll only live long enough to kill the other niggers
Teach a nigger to become a fish, and he will become Kanye
TIL fishing turns you into ..
Pretty sure it says "press any ." to continue.
if anyone was genuinely retarded enough to do that shit they don't deserve a $1500 computer.fucking OP what a niggerfaggot
twoedgyfiveme bro. So much edges.
Best I can do for this comment is 0/10 faggot. 
OP will surely deliver.
Official EVENT countdown:.The original thread: .An anon claiming to be the original crab meat anon created a thread earlier with an update:.EDIT: I know it's late, but everyone's waiting for this guy to deliver and seemingly nothing has happened.
Nothing has happened because the CIA stopped him.
innocence shattered



Trolling level: Meh. 
who the fuck cares
Thousands of people you fucking idiot.
Everyone, I thought that was made quite clear.
No longer care
"Wow... I guess nothing happened. It's almost like the original poster was some.... ruseman of sorts."."But this is the internet! Nobody lies!"."Shhh Jimmie shhhh... no tears. Only dreams now."
The chinamen are gonna be so mad when OP unveils his auto-sushi-roller. 
What a letdown. It's almost like you can't even trust anonymous people on 4chan anymore.

He brought Rubella to the town:
Wait is this real?
Give it 30 minutes
Nothin.
Did it happen?
yes
what was "the event"?

DON'T MENTION THE EVENT!
What the fuck is this? 
This thread needs to shift focus to this god damn quiz-bowl british looking mothafucking jewloob vidja.
i suppose the video didn't tell us what 'the event' was, either.REMAIN INDOORS
someguy made a imitashun crab rockey and went to space

Lol 
THAT WOULD CAUSE DISTRESS
OP has really rustled my jimmies this time.
I was really looking forward to this. Please keep me updated on this if anything happens.
I live in Valpo. The only thing that started or happened was the beginning of the Porter County Fair. My guess was that this was just a post to get our hopes. OP is a faggot that that did not deliver. 
Idea:.-Tumblr people love social justice.-Tumblr people love Dr. uwotm8.-We carry out what happens in OPs pic.-Tumblr people hate new doctor but can't complain because racism.-Tumblr destroys itself.-Worldpeace
Who needed gandhi to achieve worldpeace. We just need the henry 
They'd probably fag it up like this:
Wow supporting world peace. What a unique fucking cause. I'm sure all of these cunts that support peace have donated to causes that support demilitarization and nuclear disarmament.
no homo
Sounds to me like you are trying to reach the unattainable goal of your ideal masculine self. .Your ego is on rampage and you love it..Either that or you just wanna suck your own dick.   
Yep. That's what it says.
I typed it out because I will be using it alot. Good point though , it IS what is says!
His neck is unnaturally perpendicular. It looks broken.
He damn near broke his neck trying to suck his own dick.
Relevant username I see.
I just tried it and got Hot Girl Gets Fucked and Pees on Dick
You fucking liar.
No I meant I put 5 random numbers in.
And that was the day OP became a faggot
He always was, now he knows 

joke ripped from newgrounds movie, mastermind.
I have learned more racial slurs this week than I have in my entire life, pretty sweet.
Was good up until that shitty ending
I step back and slip on a discarded nigglet
for justice!
Large cup of justice is only a dollar at Mcd
Thank you based Zimmerman. 
God Bless America
This is beautiful!
lel
Punchline should have been: "Well, um, I'll have a Coke, then."
Quality racism here..I fucking lost it at "horde of darkness"
[deleted]
Without opening this thread I predict that OP works in a store, african americans come in, OP mentions the Zimmer, African Americans attack him, the zimmer saves him and kills them all.
Edit* Nailed it.
why do they do that? (ifuckinghatethisjob.jpg) why not just simply state it? is it a 4chan thing?
why he be shootin thur heads? I though only chest shot was fatal
They use to post pictures of Patrick Stewart  holding his head, the famous face palm. It was posted so much, simply putting facepalm.jpg was enough to convey the message. Then they started to do it for other things, especially for things like facial expressions. You're supposed to fill in the blanks for the face.
yes
I don't quite get the punchline
He wants a cup full of justice, no soda.  JUST.  ICE.  
Oohhhh, thanks.
Beautyfull
No. It shouldn't have. 
What the hell?
Lost it at a wink and a smile
I truly don't know if that part was talking about a small piece of chicken meat or a dark-skinned human being.
Definitely a niglet. Coiudn't be a nugget. You expect any form of fried chicken to be discarded in that crowd? 
You be one creepy ass cracka.
i'm black and i laughed hard!
Can't simmer the zimmer.
Time to start calling nuggets "chicken treats."
RACIST!!

Cunt
jackass
Cock wrangling douchnozzle
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and Im the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and thats just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre fucking dead, kiddo.
I smell summer.
it's a wonderful season isn't it. too bad i've been spending it in my mom's basement. its so cozy in here
This is 4chan. What did you expect? 
planetoftheapes.jpg 
Zimmerican dream.8.5/10
You can't simmer the Zimmer.
Can't film flam the Zim Zam
Clever.
Should have put:."I upheld Zi-mmerican dream"
Zi-'Murican dream?.I love how we're trying to find the proper syntax for this.
Where are we, Germany?
dem nuggies
dat zim zam zapped mcniggies
10/10 OP would zimm zamm again
zimmbabwe.
Bazoople
Can't flimmety flam the Zoopity Bap.
Zimbabwe 
I fucking love these.
They just never get old.
Like Travvon Martin.
Just like good old Shrek right guys
If you're 14-fucking-years-old.
There will always be 14-fucking-year olds. Such is the circle of 4-chan. 
Yep. 14-year-olds, aspies, and forever-alone virgins make up about 70% of 4chan's user base.
Seriously it's the same shit over and over again. Saying "nigger" != comedy.edit: The word nigger is hilarious, but it has to be used well in order for it as a whole to be considered funny. "lolololol niggers I hate black people because nigger shit fuck monkey" is just fucking retarded.


Nigger
Hilarious, you should write for Leno.
I thought you said he was hilarious.
Meh, better than Leno at least.
Comedy
lel
top lel
I hope they never do. 
You jinxed it. 
They probably will.
They won't though. 
May Shrek be with you.
thats actually really fucking cool 
to the dump, to the dump, to the dump dump dump
I could totally see that whole convo being one person... 
So did he shop the (I'm assuming) sup /b/ on it? Or would a jpeg just fuck up that badly?.I'm guessing it may be a bit tough to tell
Do you even know how 4chan works?
I don't understand. Please clarify.
He thinks the photo of Anon showing owns the painting is photoshopped, and that he added the paper. But then he thinks maybe it's because of jpeg compression.
Oh ok. It's not fake.
I meant the actual text on the paper, it just got extra compressed is all
[deleted]
Where can I buy one like that? 
Seriously, I really fucking want one. Etsy, maybe?
I'd buy that
[deleted]
I'll paint you one for 20 bucks
Fuck that,  I'll paint you one for fifty.
You run a hard bargain.
I call it dick shaped limbs
I laughed harder at "belongs in my ass" than the fact that Anon owns this painting.
you, sir, must therefore have a superior sense of humour.
kewl
No, it's a serious discussion about art.
[deleted]
i agree, the artists perspective was completely off..
 He also lacks basic shading and i'm not really feeling the tone of the piece.
Do you really expect anything better?
What did he say? 
He said that the users of this page are all 10 year old retards or something similar.
4chan is made up of a bunch of smart guys pretending to be idiots. .Reddit is made up of a bunch of idiots pretending to be smart.  
This is actually pretty accurate.
no, they're all idiots
Eh, I've seen some 4channers do some pretty impressive shit.  Like that time when they got that cat beater arrested or whenever they got this guy at a restaurant fired for contaminating the food everyday.  
They also tied a frog to a number of helium balloons and sent it to space. You don't see NASA doing that shit, do you?
Maybe they should. Maybe then we'd meet some aliens.
But what are you if you use both?
Then it depends how frequent you visit 4chan compared to Reddit and what subreddits you like to visit. Even a lot of 4channers agree that Reddit isn't so bad if you stay away from the main subreddits. 
"A bunch of".Literally millions of idiots pretending to be smart, apparently.
Retarded groupbrag
And and and like the time anon sewed his foreskin back together to un-circumcise himself!
Now i want a picture of how Spongebob makes a circle IRL.

dat compression
I want that pic of Khaddafi.
Isn't it Gaddafi?
Transliterating Arabic is difficult. The first consonant of his name doesn't have an English equivalent can be written G, Gh, Kh (rarely), or Q.
There's like 10 different potential spellings.
stupid nigger.
fucking useless mods in this sub
Rest in peace in peace
thankya, massuh, fu de link.
thats the joke
I have nothing to say in my defense.
Good recovery. 
faggot
Cuntflaps.
This is a thing?
once again OP proves himself to be a faggot
If you get a boner play it cool and just don't make it awkward. 
Nutz 2 Buttz gentlemen 
Fuck yea man lets do this.
Austin is the gay oasis in an otherwise conservative state of Texas. 
Austin . made up of people from LA looking to escape LA
I agree.
Whenever I see someone who is really in shape I just assume they're homosexual.
Why does /fit/ continue to exist?
Cuddlebro is one word. Faggot in disguise detected.
Bro, do you u even cuddle?
Between this bullshit and the obsession with traps, I'm pretty sure 4chan is just a reskin of Grindr.
classic OP, reposting shit from .fuck off OP, go be a faggot somewhere else
Cool. A crosspost from the frontpage of r/funny. Stop posting this shit. Reddit killed it.
I fucking hate how every news outlet and publications is allowed to call Charles a creep all of a sudden. What ever happened to professionalism?.Charles earned that competition, and this better not fucking get him disqualified. Especially since none of the other top contestants showed their faces. I hope they turn out to be 40 tear old men too.
poor charles, i mean her other fans would probably just smell her hair too he is just open about it
I'm not even a fan and I'd sniff her hair. 
The guy who nominated Charles (his friend) called him creepy and weird (the hair smelling part)..That is the defining feature for this guy to the media, as that is the information that is available to them..It is also the only reason this is a story at all, and the only reason 4chan and Reddit bumped him to no. 1..If his friend didn't call him creepy and weird, along with the fact that he is 39 years old, this wouldn't had seen any traction on 4chan and Reddit.
You forget you are on reddit posting this comment.
I feel like more people in this sub should remember that
Completely didn't know that, guy. Forgive me for finding something like this funny, only to watch mainstream reddit stomp it into oblivion. Be 2edgyFresh all you want, but a majority of people think the same way I do. If 4chon hadn't have been screencapped, this might've actually worked, but apparently rules 1 and 2 don't mean shit to you people.
That's why you got downvoted so much?
Maybe you're just dumb, but the top comment said the exact same thing I did. Reddit hivemind (i.e. see downvoted comment; must downvote). I wish voting was off for this sub. It would get rid of all the shitposters like you who care.
but I think OP is a faggot too, look at my other post in this thread. I was just pointing out that obviously most people disagree.the top comment says people shouldn't call him creepy and he shouldn't get disqualified. it doesnt mention that this is a repost
You have the top comment in this thread, fool (it says "repost, yada yada faggot"). And I'll reiterate, people downvote for lulz, not for content, and obviously I'm going to keep getting downvoted not for what I say, but because I keep commenting. Whoever originally posted this 'raid' to r/funny should be crucified because at that point, there was no chance of it ever working (and you're a liar if you don't think that's tragic).
I didn't see that because i had my comments sorted by "best" instead of top. .there was no chance of this raid working even if reddit never caught wind of it (which is really unlikely if it got very far at all). the radio station would pick someone else regardless of who voted that faggot in 1st place. Did the mtn dew contest raid work?
Big difference between Hitler and Charles.
you're missing the point. both raids were a huge mis-use of the contest. at the end of the day the company can do whatever the fuck they want, its not like this is an official election..most likely charles will be ignored, much like there is no mtn dew called "hitler did nothing wrong" or "gushing granny"

I feel like shitposters who care about karma over content should go fuck off to a sub like r/imgoingtohellforthis
You're the first person to mention karma... what's it got to do with anything?
The 'raid' got posted to r/funny because some faggot wanted karma. When shit gets posted to r/funny, the 'raid' immediately fails because of exposure.
It's the internet, no need to take it so seriously bro.
Aww how cute. 
Aww how cute.
Ok
But as a publication they should be putting it in quotation marks. Not outright casting an opinion. I want footage of Charles sniffing her hair goddammit! 
Everything about him being creepy is in quotations. Did you not read it?
Except for the headline.. 
I agree..But I find it weird that you, and others, feel the need to slam media for calling him creepy and weird, when that is what he (and the story) was sold to us as, by his friend, and the only reason we voted for him.
He was referencing the friend's comment. It's not an opinion of his own. 
I wouls so love it, if unbeknownst to us all the top ten accounts are Charles.
Yeah but only Charles was referring to pubic hair. 
no one gives a shit how you feel.
Okay then, "Suffer".
That's okay, I don't feel much anymore.
I know that feel, brau.
Just wash a spoon.
I like toothpaste and jelly flavored sandwiches too!
i was in that thread. the battery shit was better
Out of firewood? Use a jew or two
Look at this faggot. Being all logical and shit.
Guys please give me more helpful advice like this. This saved my marriage 
Out of forks to eat your soup with? Use a toothbrush instead. 
[deleted]
Out of toothpicks to eat your soup with? Use dental floss instead?
Out of spoons to brush your teeth with? Use a fork instead.
Problem with your little tidbit of wisdom.. Dental floss can't pick the soup up without the proper calipers to hold the air at bay.
Who fucking uses spoons to spread jam?
I do. 
TodayILearned.til
I'm not alone
Works infinitely better than a knife because you scoop It out and then spread it with other side. I join hands with my fellow jelly scooping brother.
no, a bunch of jam gets stuck on the groove of the spoon, knife allows for easy use of all scooped substances.
That's when you eat the jelly straight from the spoon.  
Jelly? Go back to oingo-boingo land, savage. Jam masterrace reporting in
Not knowing that jelly and jam are two different things.
Well I can't jelly my dick in your ass.
In a civilised country, jelly is a dessert that is both impossible and foolish to spread on toast. Jelly isn't a scooped substance
Isn't that joke supposed to be peanut butter?
No, fool. Whats the difference between jelly and jam? <insert above punchline>
Spoons are the masterrace

I hope you snagged it and posted it here to spread the knowledge for the betterment of the world.
it was a troll lifehack
are you >implying this is a troll as well??
no, sir. i will not be doing this
For your health. 
Out of clean spoons? Use a clean knife..
Well then...
It's funny cuz Jew is also a type of tree
That's called a "yew".
And a bundle of them is called a fagit. 
So you're saying just throw OP on the fire? 
Can I use 6 million?
This picture is old as fuck you should should feel bad for not knowing that.
For your health
what the fuck lol 


You know how this reads to a person who never heard the song?.Faggot.
It's not even clever, there's barely a setup. It doesn't even make sense; he's in a porto shitter, how's he trying to run and hide, and how'd he break on through the other side of the box?

I would have just pissed on his leg. Not like he is gonna chase you.
Knew it was cancer as soon as it said Doors concert.
What's wrong with The Doors?
They barely/don't exist anymore. Kreiger died recently but I dunno if they were touring before then. 
Krieger's still alive, Manzarek died.
Thanks, my bad. 
I hardly see how a band not being very active is cancer.
The dude didn't say there was anything wrong with the Doors, he just said he spotted it being cancer because the band doesn't tour anymore. 
Doesn't really make sense, but okay.
The Doors had a reunion tour in 2011.
too obvious
Also because this is a slightly modified verison of the original, ends the same way, but has a better build up
5/10 would not read again
Faggot.
I am unsure if this is another troll lyric greentext story or if OP wanted to add the lyrics from the concert into a true story.
fuck
The buildup just wasn't long enough
mfw biggest circlejerk
The crystal shit
copypasta, the poorest of meals.
Fucking OP can't tell copypasta apart. .Kill yourself on my edges, faggot
/fit/ loves cereal. But because of the hormones and fatty content of milk they prefer theirs in a bowl of hot cum.You know, protein and such
lel you pleb, milk has a higher protein content than cum 
Sorry I havent been able to conduct extensive samples on both like you..BAHZING! You drink cum...is where I was going with that
Ahh, copypasta never gets old OP!
"I have nothing to contribute, but still feel compelled to clog up the tubes."
wow.. nice 
So you just say scary things to little girls?
Did you even read the whole thing?
Do you even watch the show?
Do you even 4chan faggot?
Assuming this is /b/, dubs are non-existent.
probably /mu/
[deleted]
Help! They're right under me!
Whoever came up with this is a FUCKING genius!  And by genius I mean a faggot who likes cocks and toothbrushes up his saggy asshole. 
No, /mu/ doesn't have ID's.

Can someone link the picture?
Next time you should post the results of the raid as wel
I should have listened. Im actually in a bad mood now because of those comments
What happened?

I was like this is cool, until I saw that icecream sandwich. City TV, you're a monster.
something something personal army.
If this was personal army every raid ever would be personal army.
This must be old because we would use Trayvon instead of Tyrone 
February 17th, 2013
something something retard who doesn't know what constitutes a personal army.
Hank Hill eating peas looks like the feels guy.
A-..It was good but it's Wagner, not Vogner. Though it is pronounced like Vogner. 
was there a boomhauer one.. i think i remember seeing it.  funny shit
That last phrase sealed it.
Anybody got the pasta? 
uh... Thanks?
I read that in a combination of Hank Hill, and R. Lee Emery's voice.
 can still here his voice even after years of not watching the show 
Faggot.
That's asinine talk
HANK HILL BRINGS THE PRO-PAIN!
Taste the meat... AND THE HEAT!
A+
I'LL KICK YOUR GAS, BOBBY.
Today OP was a got danged good guy, I tell you what. 
For people who want to copypasta this:.BWAAAAAH!! H'what in the hell did you just say about me, you got danged giblet head? I'll have you know i graduated top of my class at Arlen high in propane and propane and propane accessories, and I have been involved in numerous Vogner Char King sales extravaganzas, and I have over 300 confirmed sales. I am trained in BTU calibration and I'm the top assistant manager in all of Heimlich County. You are nothing to me but just another valued customer. I will fill up your propane tank with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my got danged words. You think you can get away with saying that asinine garbage about propane on the internet? Think again, you little weasel. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of propane truck drivers across the USA and your address is being traced right now so you better prepare for the convoy, you big baby. The convoy that refills the pathetic little thing you call your propane tanks. You're all filled, you damn moron. I can be anywhere, anytime, and i can service your propane need in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my bare hands. Not only am i extensively trained in propane tank calibration, but i have access to the entire arsenal of the Texas propane gas association and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your charcoal loving ass off the face of the continent, you little bastard. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your damn tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you got danged idiot. I will kick your ass so hard you won't be able to sit for a month. You're dead, I tell ya h'what..If anyone sees errors let me know and I will edit 
I can tell that OP actually spent a good amount of time trying to make this shit good.  Maybe the reason why 4chan is much better at being humorous than the folks at . is because 4channers make funny posts for the sake of trying to be funny, while . Redditors just try to be karmawhores.  
Yeah, . is pretty shit. Most of the subreddits I frequent aren't default
Yeah, I appreciate the effort here, even if it didn't actually work that well. I just can't picture Hank yelling that many words. He would have launched into an all out BWHAAAAA 1/3 of the way through.
If you think OP actually created this variation of copy pasta then you're a fucking cancerous moron. 
I was referring to the OP of the thread, not of this post on .. 
Like I said. Fucking cancerous moron.
I think you're looking too much into it.
I just feel like I'm on to something here. Perhaps being funny for the sake of being funny works better than using a karma system if you want to get better content. 
lulz>karma
Zimmer>simmer
faggots just love posting this trayvon zimmerman circlejerk
The Zimmer will just bait that nigger with some KFC and shoot him while hes munching down that fried chicken
stryker vs goro

So much so that they forgot how to type a title..OP is not all of /b/.
Why don't we just add trayvon to the giga nigga?
Zimbamboni would win.
Can't simmer the zimmer
the most impossible thing about this is the foodstamps. There are never "enough"
Gentlemen, we have the technology. 
but not the will
Nor the want.
I imagine Zimmerman would just shoot him again.
Guns > Niggers.even if he's 12'11, has 6 arms, and 3 mouths.
Z-Dog will just pull out the NiggerKiller6000 and kill the Tray Trayinator
Zimmer is all fat now trayvanator could use shaqs legs and jump over the bullets then land behind Zimmerman and fist him with his 10 hands
Y'mean zim's godly bulking? Give him a month and he'll shed his fleshy coil
I hear he dirty bulked exclusively with skittles and KFC
Zimmerman wins that fight easy. You can't flim flam...
THE ZIM ZAM MOTHERFUCKER!
I think I like "simmer the Zimmer" a little more.Edit: I have changed my mind, I officially like "flim flam the zim zam" more
Unfair, the trayvonator has a home field advantage.
holy shit
[deleted]
How's your first day on the Internet going? It'll probably be a bit edgy 5 you. Those 4channers sure know how to be racist scoundrels. Don't worry, if they try too hard the cyber police will arrest them. 
 
if namek dudes are DBZ niggers, what about mr. Popo & Ub? 
Popo is the Rodney king of dbz
Saiyans are clearly the niggers.  .They are faster than humans, they are monkeys, and they are slaves.  
Wu... Wut
lel where da saiyan women at
I'll take "the last 20 years of internet discourse" for $100.
You mean Native Americans? 
More like slave labor
supa-nigs
There goes that theory.
To be honest Urban niggers are quite cunning when it comes to finding food and mates
To find a mate, they perform their mating dance, known as the "twerk"
Mainly the females will do this in groups to attract a group (or "gang") of males, which will often reply with the well known call "yo bitch". the largest and most aggressive males will always have first choice of female. 
I believe the term is "gaggle" not "gang" as I.e. "hy Steve look at that fine gaggle of Negras"
e.g. =/= i.e.
"Gaggle" is used when there is no definitive Alpha of the group
If that were to happen, we should get him nicked for treason.
Ain't gonna argue with dubs...
Royalty > Republicans

She takes fucking nothing and has no powers whatsoever, who gives a fuck about the queen, britfags just keep her so tourists come in and for cultural reasons, shut the fuck up op

Fur de Kaiser
For once dubs made a post funnier.
Someone's not getting what a monarchy is.
Amerifag here.I was told that the queen was just there to sit and look pretty, and that she had to pay to live in the castle.
same. not even sure whats going on any more
Tax payers give her a little, but then she's the motherfucking queen - consider it a wage for when she performs state duties, brings tourists in, keeps the commonwealth smiling and loving us britfags etc etc. Most royal family have their own estates and use that to pay their own way, when you're in a family as rich as that it's hard not to make more money. I'm not really a monarchist but just look at France, do we want to become that level of faggotry?
Don't remember ever laughing like this.


I thought only my sister was so irrationally minded and bitchy...
Nice imgur link "iamhnst.png" 
What the hell did she think you were going to do?
wincestual rape... because Autism
But, do you remember ever laughing?
Hate when that happens.
You are some fucking autistic mother fuckers.
Original thread, for those interested
You're a gigantic faggot. .But thanks for the link though, I like that thread. :>
Im enjoying this thread. Ill have to poke around /r9k/ more
Normally I'm not the biggest fan, but if you can handle the overwhelming levels of autism and pretentiousness there's some goodness to be had. It beats idly hitting ..
Who in the world is Chad Thundercock? 
Sounds like a gay porn star. 
You must be new here.
Hah, OP is always a faggot you newfriend. And only slightly less of a faggot for providing the link..Thanks OP.
The thread is still up, newfriendo
/r9k/ is a very slow board, especially when it comes to popular topics. That could be up for days.

I laughed. But probably not for reasons you intended. 
what an ugly baby
What a choke hold.
Well some kids just have to grow up to be weak betafags.
That is one ugly mother fucking baby 

I'd cry too if my parents made let me lift with poor form. DYEL your own bodyweight?
That boy ain't right I tell ya hwut
H'what in the hell did you just say about me, you got danged giblet head? I'll have you know i graduated top of my class at Arlen high in propane and propane and propane accessories, and I have been involved in numerous Vogner Char King sales extravaganzas, and I have over 300 confirmed sales. I am trained in BTU calibration and I'm the top assistant manager in all of Heimlich County. You are nothing to me but just another valued customer. I will fill up your propane tank with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my got danged words. You think you can get away with saying that asinine garbage about propane on the internet? Think again, you little weasel. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of propane truck drivers across the USA and your address is being traced right now so you better prepare for the convoy, you big baby. The convoy that refills the pathetic little thing you call your propane tanks. You're all filled, you damn moron. I can be anywhere, anytime, and i can service your propane need in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my bare hands. Not only am i extensively trained in propane tank calibration, but i have access to the entire arsenal of the Texas propane gas association and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your charcoal loving ass off the face of the continent, you little bastard. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your damn tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you got danged idiot. I will kick your ass so hard you won't be able to sit for a month. You're dead, I tell ya h'what.

3rd grade, in the library, held a globe, and sang 'i got the whole world in my hands' detention for blasphemy. Biloxi, MS for ya.
how the fuck did he know about the location of nigeria if it was never mentioned by the curriculum or in the book? he just studied africa in his own freetime with his own non school issued book? and why the fuck is nigeria ruled out and niger still present?
seriously wtf u tokken bout...........dont get it
What??
he...he's right though?  wtf
what... the fuck?
Wait a second... the difference between 'Nigeria' and 'Niger' is the i/a at the end. Hmmm... a is the first letter of the alphabet 1=1(1), i is the ninth letter, so the difference between Nigeria and Niger is... OH MY FUCKING GOD 9/1(1).
Half-Life 3 confirmed.
Sounds similar to the movie Flight Plan.  Jodie Foster was convinced her kid was missing, but everyone kept telling her she didn't have a kid.  She believed them for a while, but then thought that she might actually have a kid after all.  So she started looking for her kid.   Then she  got in trouble with the flight attendants for not believing them.  Turns out that she actually had a kid.  It's an easy mistake to make though.
Nothing good will come of that country in our lifetime anyway.
What do you mean? Are you telling me a country can't be progressive just because they still murder children for witchcraft? 
tons of oil though
there's ton of oil there tho
Actually by 2050 its supposed to be more populous than the US.
Explain it to me like I'm a 36 year old architect who has a lot of electrical engineering information and who is in reddit for 7 hours a day. I don't get it. 
I'm assuming his teacher erased all evidence and tried to mess with people. I could be wrong though because everyone else would also have guessed something so obvious but no one has said it
Don't worry. Nobody else gets it either
large population =/= good, necessarily
yeah, see america
What country? It doesn't even exist.
I had to look it up. Nigeria clearly exists, why the fuck was is not on any other maps?
lolwut
How long has the country been there?.It could of been outdated maps/books
Yeah, maps from 1899...
Op is an ancient oldfag
Must be, that or they remove countries where bad things happen from maps so kids don't ask questions....
Why didnt they remove all of Africa?
Good question.
Because this totally happened exactly as OP and his 3rd grade memory remember it. 
Yeah I'm not getting this. 
The teacher was a racist who removed all traces of Nigeria because it closely resembles the word nigger? I don't know, it's a stretch but that's what I thought.

\./
You can't explain that 
That story was a bit autistic. Why is nigeria non existant
OP is probably autistic and doesn't know how to tell a comprehensible story.In fact it reminds me vaguely of this thread: 
thats pretty goddamn funny, but you're still a huge faggot for linking to funnyjunk
HEY! They have a decent nsfw section.
Sorry, I thought it would just show the image, not force you to visit funnyjew
possibly a joke that all the class materials were old. african countries change all the time.
Yeah, I suspected that, but I looked up Nigeria and it's existed since 1914 -- and before that, there was Southern Nigeria and Northern Nigeria since 1900.
i never said the joke made sense. this . 4chan we're talking about.
Illuminati
from my interpretation its as if the teacher used whiteout/twink to remove all traces of nigeria 
I understand that part but why?? 
probably cause she hates OP
Understandable. 
The teacher used a really feminine faggot to remove nigeria?.... ITS GENIUS!!!!
Because its the future, son.
Yeah I really don't understand what is going on here.
I think that's OP's point.
You don't get it, it's too intellectual.
True story.  When I was in 3rd grade, we had black Jamaican teacher.  There was a world map next to the exit of the room at eye level.  I can't remember how it came up, but we called Niger and Nigeria . and ..  She laughed it off because she knew we were too young to be racist yet I'm assuming, but looking back, it was probably something that bothered her.  She at least knew that we knew the word ..
Or just being a half retarded 3rd grader you thought "nigeria" would be pronounced "niggeria" when you sounded it out. 
When I say it aloud it sounds like diarrhea..When you're stealing a TV.And you leave their home with glee.Niggeria, niggeria. 
Niggeria please
Niggeria sounds like a place where you would go to buy fresh, oven baked black people.
Yuck. I prefer my baked goods not charred like a piece of toast left in the toaster for too long. 
It makes sense.  I still think of it as Niggeria in my head though.  
That's because 4Chan
Anon is the only person upset that he can't find Nigeria. 
Yes he is the only person upset that the 7th most populous country in the world is non existent
As per the UN's estimations. 
Not if you count the black people as 3/5 
There's a girl I'm hoping to date who doesn't shave her armpits. I don't know exactly how I feel about it, but I'm just planning to tell myself to deal with it whenever I hang out with her
If you don't like something don't just deal with it and glance over it. Tell her to change it and if she really wants you she'll change it.
i spell srs shitpost
Something tells me that OP has never had a woman's pubic hair stuck between his front teeth..Shit will make you re-evaluate your tolerance to lack of female pubic hair grooming.
Agreed. But I like where he was going with the scent thing.
It's not that I dislike it. 
Oh well you made it sound like you weren't going to enjoy it so I tried to give you advice. In that case go for her and goodluck.
Yeah sorry I wasn't very clear on that, thanks man, I appreciate it. 
daily reminder that fatnano gave RAM an 8/10.what a fucking melon
At first I was like... Eating noises? How do people eat noises?
[deleted]
Fun and exciting. Adventures on every corner.
This place is a fucking graveyard.
fantano's latest review here...
The link, if you wanna waste 2 minutes of your life: 
This kind of simple humor makes me lel more than anything 
That burn was too wordy.
2deep4u
This is 9fag humor. 9fag humor
Maybe not, but you can ruin jokes.
You know that they say about that guy called OP... he is into guys
no
All of these fucking posts about zimmerman are terrible..Stop that OP... NO...... . Bad OP!
It happene the same with Dorner
Go back to . 
Dorner's in the shed
Can't corner the Dorner.
The Dorner DLC
Shed in the mountains  shed on top of a mountain. .The shed thing is all Reddit bullshit anyway, it's the top of a cable car or ski lift. gtaforums figured that out in a couple of hours.
It looks like a cabin.
It looks like a fucking shed, you dumbass. 
No, Frostie is right you hunk of shit. It's all about perspective. It's really a giant cabin.
WOLOWOLOWOLOWOLO
Dorner DLC confirmed
Cancer inducing greentext, fuck you OP
I laughed at my dads funeral. I was cracking jokes in the front isle. No scorn towards him, I love him. I'm just really comfortable with death.
Obvious and terrible. Fuck you OP. Nice title too, faggot.
Good job putting the reference in the title.  If you don't get it you don't get it..OP is a faggot.
OP is always a faggot, whether he put the reference in the title or not.
If steven colbet was a nanny he'd be steven aupair 
If Stephen Colbert was black he'd be fatherless. 
SeenHim Nowhere
If Steven Colbert was a scarf he would be Steven neckware
these threads are the worst
Cheezburger comments level of humour
"If Stephen co-" no one cares 
Let the autism flow
If Stephen Colbert was born in Ireland he'd be Stephen RedHair.
Fuck you.
You could make the bulb on the alien green, or the whole reddit alien green. 
What're you talking about? Mr. Feeling man is already the snoo here
No.
This is fucking gay

nice repost
boo
armyfag here, I believe every one of these
And on this day, OP was not a faggot
I should've joined the Marines.
finally a non shit post
Oh my god, this is the best shit ever. I'm in tears.
14/10. Thanks for archiving this, I laughed my tits off.
I laughed so damn hard. I wish the quality was better though.
I say stuff like this all the time where I work.  The trick is to look at the girl and transition from a smile to a sneer like you smelled a skunk.  Then you ask if you really just said that.  Usually it gets a laugh.
Actually a perfect opener.  Just laugh and then get to talking to her.
You've never spoken to a woman before, have you?
Rule 1: Be attractive.Rule 2: Don't be unattractive
Will try to use it deliberately once, will post results.
If you have the looks, yes.
Rule 3: Maintain rules 1 and 2.
Thanks for helping.
Why does this exist
should have just killed himself there and then
dunno man, a smile easily  could have saved the situation. she d probably laugh about it, all cool
I love . solely because everyone gets so pissed about the lol or 19/11 or /thread.
I find /thread funny . but the retarded reactions like "lol" in OP's post are cancer.
It's kind of hilarious that you're on reddit complaining about shitposting on 4chan, of all places. This is internet entitlement at its worst. 
/thread
For a normal person this is an option. For a /b/tard, akward silence and shame is the only path forward.
Sometimes I forget what / who I am talking about.
it's like you know what cropping is but you don't know its purpose
That first reply was perfect.  I have no problem with a lack of cropping.
How? I wanted some of the reactions to be included. 
You shouldn't.
u mad bro?

I feel like the first reply image was good enough to make it in, the rest is shit.
Thanks for the .jpg!
wat
best part of the post
Has Anyone Really Been Far Even as Decided to Use Even Go Want to do Look More Like?
Fuck you.
Teach her how to shinespark and walljump, you nigger.
this is fuking garbage like ops fuking mom

Wow your so funny and cool and so original 
I wonder how she handles all that attention.
We can't all splurge on SNESes on ebay.
Im curious, which part of this is supposed to be funny?  Please tell me what you found funny or interesting enough to post this.  I'm all ears OP, I am dying to know.
Go fucking breath some nigger spears.
Autist humor
rip in peace op
Please inhale a spear.
Go fuck yourself
The thread for this post was pure gold. About a few dozen comments down OP said he poked her and then whispered "Prime is better." She said "what?" and then OP said he pretended not to hear her. 
Typical beta.
Poopshasta
OP's mom was 16 when OP was born. O.O
The little cartoon character has no arms. Maybe it is very representative of OP. 
.. and?
Fuck off OP, this is copypasta
"Copypasta"
""Copypasta""
"""Popycasta"""
""""Bobcostas"""""
BAHAHAHAHAHA
Old as fuck
Wasn't this posted a few weeks ago?
That guy isn't even that guy. This is pasta, stale pasta
OP is worse than /mlp/.
This pasta goes good with popcorn
Damn... 
OP is worse than a niggerfag. Unbelievable.
Hey OP..Thanks for PSA you googolnigger.
Are you all fuckin idiots?
Oh wow.
Well did OP deliver or what faggot?

Obvious script kiddie
Well did he deliver?
heaven wasn't capitalized, not doing that shit


At first I thought OP was a faggot. But OP has led to me receiving this gif. 
Kinda got a boner now...
Heaven is the biggest faggot in the universe
I fucking hate Heaven as well. Its retarded that the mods gave that guy a special ID. Pisses me off!
That wasn't even mildly amusing.
I am not your entertainment 
He is not your Joshua.
Obviously fucking not.
I don't think he was trying to be funny

I am genuinely surprised there were no Dorner ones. 
Not a single ghast
All that and no 
Noticed that the first reply photo was named sadsad.jpg. Describes this thread pretty well.
However did the last one is my new best friend. GS Mikami ftw!
Ahem, Ghost Rider is not a ghost but is instead possessed by the Spirit of Vengeance.  
I know where that cemetary is located. West of Sweden!
No Danny Phantom? WASTE OF TIME
What anime is that girl from?
Not enough dicks for OP.

The KKK one was my favorite, but I was hoping that Ghost from Calladoody would be there.
2spooky4me
I was really hoping for a ghost dad reference. 
Gotta say the KKK one was the SPOOK-iest
I lost it at the Spongebob one.
Hahahahahaha this made me cry
Anyone have a source for the picture of Dead Trayvon Martin with Tophat and Monocle?
Who was the purple zelda ghost and the blue haired girl?
That pic of the movie cover of "Ghost" made me fall out
2EDGY4ME
Who is that?
Lurk moar
Look at the Trayvon in a top hat picture again.
4/10
Shut up faggot/10
why are u commenting fractions? This isn't math class, schools out for the summer
sn u s 
shibe ghost             wow
The spongebob one fucking killed me, my sides have left the atmosphere

The pacman one and KKK one were pretty good for what the OP wanted 
I'm loving the one of Patrick Swayze with his arms wrapped around OP.
I haven't laughed out loud from an Internet joke in awhile. I almost fell outta my chair at that one.
Ditto. I calmed down enough to lol at the spongebob one
Was that Casper, the friendly Fuhrer?
casper did nothing wrong

smitty werbenjagermanjensen
Remember Mr. Krabs licking doorknobs is illegal on other planets.
You'll never guess what I found in my sock today! Go on, guess! 
I died when I saw the spongebob one
A shopping list!!
rip in rip in peace in peace in rip
Your a duckling faggot
You're a suckling baguette.
ur a fukken faget
You're a fucking faggot
You're a fucking faggot
You're a fucking faggot 
You're a fucking faggot
Look who it is again, ID Heaven. I'm fed up with your shit faggot. The other day when you called me a newfag, yeah, haven't forgotten about that yet. Fuck you I've been on here for months and probably get on here more than you anyways. Don't you know that you make yourself look like a newfag when you call others newfag? Just because you learned how to hack your name and change it to "Heaven" does not give you the right to disrespect anyone at any time.
Ok. Your pasta got me. I will leave now while having some karma intact. 
Looks like he's not the newfag.
You do realize that that was copypasta right?
hahaha
That's not an anon, op. That is what is called the heaveness-faggotess. It's a rare type of faggot.
The --golden-- brown years
OP sounds like a real winner to me..On an unrelated news....In high-school I was at PathMark with bunch of my friends. My one friend (we'll call him Joe) was at the frozen aisle section when he told me to come over. He then asked me what his index finger smelled like. I took a huge whiff.....It was ass. It smelled like ass.
I used to pick my nose in bed every night and flick the boogers off my fingers..See, I slept on a top bunk, and I always assumed they were going onto the floor where they'd get vacuumed up..A number of years rolls by. One day my mom is cleaning the room. She looks up..I hear my name being called. I walk in, she points to the ceiling and asks "WHAT IS THAT".Can't believe I never noticed. It was like a fucking dried booger garden up there.
And then his entire family became very sick with IBS
I always did this but through my underwear. Never full ass.
I wonder why OP's parents didn't put him down.
Poo flakes.
Bro, do you even wipe?
This pleases me.
Sometimes I rub and smell
I have a feeling this lasted far beyond 7 years of age
That is positively revolting, if my son ever does something like that I will have him committed..... to the club of wtf
THERE IS SHIT .EVERYWHERE
....lulz
I guess that would make OP. The resident asshole.
Fuck you
You're cool
This is really gross...
United States of wuts just now. 
Fuck you
What the fuck. Who in the fucking right mind would actually do this!? 
I think you answered your own question
"They can't win" destroyed my sides
A 4-7 year old. 
That's nonsense, I know multiple 47 year olds that don't pick their ass. 
Swing and a miss
Shhhh

You are a shit excuse for a human. 
On 4chan he would be seen as a hero. 
I don't think ironmike has ever been to 4chan.
You sick fuck.
(_) ...  ( _)>-.oh nooooooooo
XDDDDDDDDDDDDD MY SIDES
I bet OP wistfully shed a tear as he fingered his ass
autistic kids are weird 
The brown years, surely?
You never done a shit that's golden brown?
Texture like sun
Laid it down, in my pants streaks run
My brother used to do this and just smear it everywhere, his weren't crusties. I refused to touch pretty much anything in my house that wasn't in my room for years.
fuck man, that's how people get pink eye
He had it loads of times as a kid, I never had it once.
Autism.
Probably. Nothing crazy but he is your typical, neckbearded, basement dwelling, tumblr/4chan, faggot. No job, no friends irl, never leaves house, etc..Makes me feel better about not being a complete failure..At least he's not a pony fag.
And what are you? Even if it's true, he's your brother, man... 
Tits or gtfo material. Basically..His are bigger though..And yea, he's my brother, he was also abusive to not only me, but our mom who has done nothing but put up with his shit. So. I don't really give a shit about him. At all.

Not by much. But enough.
This is my main fear of getting kids. .I don't wanna be the one stuck with the retard shitflakes kid... 
Can't you just shoot it and make a new one?
It doesn't take an autist to make an autist.
Leh edgy trollface baby shooter
I hear it's hereditary, so in your cause you're fucked. 
It's not hereditary. Some disorders might be, but as far as I'm aware, most aren't.
He's a big reason I don't want to have any.
Let's be real here. He's not the reason you don't have kids.
No, I just don't want them anyway.
[deleted]
I don't see the problem? I just don't like kids, even if my brother hadn't been a complete cunt to me our entire childhood, I still wouldn't want any kids.

Never understood why people don't get that some people just don't want kids, haha. They assume because you say you don't want any, you can't find anyone to fuck you to make any and you've resigned yourself, I guess.
I can understand guys that don't want to have kids, but women have that whole biological clock thing going on...
Go ask all the women on . about that. I've not experienced it, and frankly I'd rather get snipped before it even gets a chance. I doubt it will, but I'd rather make sure. I will never clean up another human being's shit.
I know some people who vowed not to have kids. Why do they always seem to own dogs? Are these the people who won't clean up when their dogs shit too? 
Dog shit is nowhere near as disgusting as human/child shit, they're easier to train to go outside, and if you have a yard, you don't have to clean it up if you don't want to, and dogs are cute..I'm more of a bird person though. Their poop doesn't really smell at all, unless you leave it for ages.
You just train them real early to wash their butt properly. There's no reason a 4 year old should have crusted butt flakes in there, his parents should have taught him to wipe and also had him use the wet wipes meant for kids, that way there was nothing to pick. He could have just picked his nose like a normal person if his parents paid attention to his ass earlier in life. 
That's the thing about kids. They're ALL retard shitflakes. But then you break them, like a wild horse.
"They're not your kids, you're their Uncle!"."Well shit, I'm not going to be taking care of them if they're acting like THIS"
Unless you get a literal retard, then you're fucked.
You fuck literal retard kids?
No, I'm talking about all the sympathy fucks you get for having a retarded kid.
But they're retarded, and if they just . to have an "accident"...
then you're fucked.
OP, ya dun goofed.
[deleted]
Ya, I bet you like Ga. & Y. too...

Real talk here for a second: Aluminum really is a special sort of badass.

A metal thread with Slipknot as the first picture? That thread is going fucking nowhere
Isn't that metal music? Or is it just too popular?
Besides their first like two releases, there's not really much to bother with in terms of metal
feels.jpg
So did he really get disqualified? I'm at a loss.
Can someone give me a link to "The man who dared to dream" picture?
Here. I just used paint so its kind of blurry 
Crying. Dammit. 
Thanks
Beautiful. A stunning insight of reality. This story displays humanities dark truths and opens a window shedding light on a dark reality that haunts many men. .I'd honestly buy a hardcover copy of that 2 or 3 page book and display it on my library.
I didnt ask for this feels. Dammit charles 
I don't think so, I tried searching for any news on it and nothing came up. Just articles from yesterday..Though i would put money on that he will get DQ'd.
People are thinking some of the votes for charles were bots, some "news" sites are convinced he will be banned. It would be better if we everyone voted for charles 2, but no bots. Then they cant ban him?.They probably will anyway though becuase cunts

He better not get DQ'd. I've voted about 4 times. I feel like I've done my part.

How about you submit everything next time, useless faggot.
Wow holy shit, those might be the unlicensed dragon balls that got that guy in Colorado into so much trouble with Funimation.
Dragon dragon dragon ball z
Wish for Goku's powers minus the whole being a monkey thing and take over the world forcing my views on everyone. Then I'd kill all the super rich in the world I deem to be greedy, steal all their money and redistribute it to black people as reparations so i wouldn't have to here about slavery anymore. They wouldn't save any of it and go on a spending spree thus saving the Economy and ending disputes between the super rich and the poor while rebuilding the middle class. 
Repost the same picture to reddit with same title. Watch the upvotes flood in. 
It's funny because even those dragonballs wouldn't be able to grant him something . absurd. 
Friends
OP has not heard of copypasta.

Oh ya. Cut off your arms then how did you type it smart guy.
WITH HIS EPIC FUCKING WALRUS TUSKS. THAT'S HOW MOFUCKA
OP Is a fucking retard
I've even seen this copypasta'd onto YouTube there is nothing special about this post. 0/10 Op's a flaming homo
How the FUCK didn't I think of that?
Goo goo g'joob motherfucker
This is what I call a copyfag
I remember posting this comment on youtube like a year ago. Of course i got it from somewhere else. Repostception.
walrus' live in the north pole
technically the Arctic circle, the North pole is devoid of life. But still, the OP was clearly in the wrong hemisphere
He is the eggman.
WHOOO!
Are you fucking kidding me? This bullshit has been being posted for years.
How did he type that? 
With his epic fucking walrus tusks. 
how much karma do you think you'll get from this repost?
Every bit counts.
lol rediquette still applies? what is this amateur hour at the fuckin' apollo?
stopped reading because this idiot doesn't deserve my time.
Unlike you, people choose to be educated. 
Ya. Your right I guess. Maybe me being a P.ENG isn't as good as having a literary sciences degree. But at least I can use mine to get a job...
Punchline. In. The. Title.
Winner writes the history books.
I can use mine to correct you. You're*
Thx for that but I'm responsible for multi million dollar equipment and you correct spelling and grammar mistakes on reddit..I win.
Yeah well...uh...BBQ Doritos taste like shit. 
OHHH DAYUM
Please tell me . I should care.
There's also the matter to consider of him being full of shit.
nigger guise lol amirite?
Callin your bluff you big fat faggy
I love these. 

And why is the mighty and illustrious ruler of equipment filthy immigrants use picking fights on the pussy version of 4chan? Is the baby scared of a gore thread?
Fake. No apes can afford college both intellegence and money.
By your logic, you're an ape.
Like we had no idea otherwise.
Lets be real here. College English with black ppl in it. Most be  community college
The same one that youre attending.
if you're referring to my typo, its because of my phone misspelled it 

most be the comtood00pls giraffe?
10/10 would zimm again
9gag tag in the corner.... Fuck
Touching.  I hope when I pass my memorial will approach the class that this exhibited.  
Das racist ashtray din doo nuffin nigguhhh 
one does not flim flam the zim zam
theres a reddit tag in the corner.
Your username is itsdafuzzshiit

It's.. 
Dat gif
Still alive 
/k/res/17195746
fucks sake, this is the best we're going to get out of discussion. 
Wow great argument fagtron you sure convicted me with those hot arguments.
Wow great argument fagtron you sure convicted me with those hot arguments.
I'd hit that.
I like the Umpa Lumpa thing, kinda.
unfunny shit post
Beggars can't be choosers..
Like any anon would turn down pussy, assuming they even recognized one in real life.
Why enlarge the picture? It's not going to make it any funnier.
Thanks for making me try to wipe my screen
huehuehue
I'd totally hit that. Just another occurrence of neckbeards being picky. 
Me too, I'd give her the ol' lickeroo.
Why is post about some rapper but pic is of Cuba Gooding Jr?


Jesus christ you americans have poor internet
I know that feel. 

Ooops

What... how.... why....
7 proxies
here you go - 
How is your download so high and upload so slow? 
teksavy plan, most cable plans have low uploads.
I have the same speeds has him and my upload is just as slow ISP blames router I blame ISP.
Good old dial up.

[deleted]
these are the speeds i browse reddit at home and at work
.if only time warner would give residential fiber :/
What the fuck hes 30Kb/s faster than dialup
New Zealand, yay.

Yikes, I always thought pretty much everywhere in America had faster internet than us in New Zealand..
Western Washington goes up a little bit.
i am crying tears of blood
Yeah you'd think 15 minutes outside of Seattle would have nice internet speeds right?
2.346 . of ping.  Holy shit.


 :I Am I too late?


Instantly recognized AT&T by the speeds alone..I fucking hate dsl. 

Well sheeeeeiit that's fast
it's sanic powered 
lol 
Huh, my grandfather was born in Rotterdam.
 

Damn i have absurd ping times. 
 
Yes, yes you do

Pardon?
lucky I'm a swede, gotta love our speeds here

Too bad I have the cheapest option  :-) 
Damn.
fuuuck

Jesus you must really like path
You a softcore scrub?
HC only, took a half year hiatus when my wireless card went to shit.
1mb/s download speed In Australia is fast for us.
Sarcasm?
In country Victoria 1mb/s is flying.
Well judging by the fact that your town name looks like it was spelled with a keyboard face slap, you probably live up in the unforgiving north. Methinks you guys would kill yourselves in the winter if you had anything less.
Sadly you're completely correct

What are you retarded? He lives in Iceland.

A++ formatting. 

Holy shit that guy has worse Internet than I do
2 plates? Pussy needs to go back to planet fitness and stop screaming over warm up weight. 
This man is a true alpha. He showed those betas he could swear in public? Wow!
Shit, moments like these are why i still lift at the student center owned by my law school's university..That, and college bitches love a man with a job.
2 plates. Tru.
fuck yeah

Was he listening to Hush by Tool? If so, this is the second Tool related post I've seen on reddit today.
lol2plates
I guess I'm not the only one to read "out of eagamess"
If it was 3 plates I would have given him a nod, but for all that noise a 2 plate isn't that much.
Your right, when youve been going to the gym for a while
Gymbros are never alpha. That's why they're gymbros
Anon confirmed to be Dante.
Sometimes There Are Young Children At The Gym Please Watch Your Language When Lifting.Edit: Why Is This Being Down-Voted
Its being downvoted because you're a fucking faggot
Rope
Ceiling fan
Chair
Get the picture?
Shut up. He doesn't deserve to die, faggot

Everybody deserves to die faggot but this guy shouldn't be told to an hero for his stupid comment
fuck off captain save-a-bro. 
Two plates? Fucking pussy.
What pussy gym do you go to?.Aint no fuckin' babies at my gym.
Fucking people with this fucking attitude is what makes me avoid the gym. I am self conscious and never go by meself, because I don't want . there..Also, when somebody decides they want to train for a marathon, they don't start with a 10 mile run..I give OP props for going to the gym and staying healthy. Also, being able to lift more than me..EDIT: I realized op is not the same person in the post. But I stand by my statement. I applaud anon.
you're a fucking idiot. nothing wrong with lifting 2 plates, you just don't get fucking screaming privileges at 2 plates, if you do you just look like a pussy and people will laugh at you.  Go about your business and get your lift in and keep your ass quiet unless you're asking me for a bench, a spot or advice and no one will bother you and people will respect you if you just work hard, no matter what your level.
Bro. Shut the fuck up alright? You strain, you scream. At one plate or 4 plates. Straining is straining. Ain't about to bust a hernia cause some faggot fuck juice head doesn't think I should. Get your ass to the gym & keep your bullshit to yourself
if you bust a hernia because you didn't scream you're lifting too much weight you fucking queer and your form blows.  quit pretending to be bigger than you are so you can go tell your little faggot buddies how much you lift. if you're at 1 plate you aren't fucking advanced enough to know your fucking limits
I'm not gonna lift without grunting or a scream when I'm working out. You were once a weak punk & deep inside, you still are. I squat the same as you & I grunt n shit cause its heavy to me. When some kid squats one plate and grunts, I give that kid respect, cause its heavy to HIM & that grunt means he's working. You're just an asshole who needs his head knocked into some sense
No one gives a fuck about what you're doing at the gym. Stop be a pussy and just go and lift. Stop worrying about what people think about you.
It's okay, no one like that actually exists.  The serious lifter dudes in the gym didn't get that way because they spend time watchng other people lift.
Lol u gay cunt who cares what people thinks
And the lamest comment of the day goes to... this guy! 
Reddit does not agree with you..Downvote to you, sir.
Yeah, cos that sort of shit really happens at the gym.  Nobody cares what you do.
This is fucking . you fucking pussy.
OP isn't a pussy, clearly you're a pussy.
YOLO:  You Only Lift Once
Why The Fuck Did You Type Like This? 
I Didn't "Type" Any thing I'm Using Redit On My Phone
Suck My Fat Dick
It's okay, That's not as bad as Some people who just decide Hey im going to capitalize Random letters in my Sentence but Not All of Them.
Both fucking obnoxious. Only more then one exclamation mark and xD lol so r4ndom spamming pisses me off more.
Your phone is shit, fix that.
Most of those people are German.  You capitalize every noun in German.
Sounds like one hell of a shitty workout.
Or checking max lifts
Go fuck yourself you self entitled cakeday fag.
Happy cakeday , faggot
BOOOP BOOOOOOOP! LUNK ALERT LUNK ALERT!
My Planet Fitness gives out pizza and donuts... They really know how to keep them fat.
Niggawhat
DYEL?

Planet . Fitness
 Planet Fitness. *FTFY
Planet Fitness has an alarm that goes off if you're a "lunk" i.e. someone whe grunts, doesn't rerack weights and/or judges people..I'm not making this up, I'm dead serious..dead..fucking..serious.
I have a membership at planet fitness, I can confirm this.
Except planet fitness doesn't have 4 45lb plates. 
They have 4, they're just shared by several locations.
Very true. 
Bagley: I don't need to look at the market research, I've lived with thirteen and a half million housewives for fifteen years and I know everything about them. She's 37 years old, she has 2.3 children, 1.6 of which will be girls. She uses 16 feet 6 inches of toilet tissue a week, and fucks no more than 4.2 times a month. She has 7 radiators, and is worried about her weight, which is why we have her on a diet. And because we have her on a diet, we also encourage her to reward herself with the little treats, and she deserves them, cause anyone existing on 1200 calories of artificial synthetic orange-flavoured waffle a day, deserves a little treat. We know it's naughty but you do deserve it, go on darling swallow a bun! And she does. And the instant she does, the guilt cuts in. So here we are again with our diet. It's a vicious but quite wonderful circle, and it adheres to only one rule: whatever it is, sell it. And if you want to stay in advertising, by God you'd better learn that!
Can confirm. I've worked out there quite a bit. Generally, there aren't too many lunks around, unless you count all the fatties walking on treadmills and watching the Food Network. 
I don't understand what's so wrong with grunting. It's evidence of some good exercising, and isn't that what gyms should be promoting?.If someone grunts, it helps show that they're trying hard for their gains.
PF's whole image is that it's a gym for average joes; it's trying to cater to people who don't go to normal gyms because they are out of shape and self conscious. It's a good business model considering how many people are this way. A good gym caters to people who are serious about fitness, and these folks don't stay out of shape and self conscious forever. PF's reasoning on the other and, is that it's easier to make money off of people who aren't the hardcore gymrat type. These people sign up for a year and then bail out; easy money. .It's a good idea, but not a great place for people who like freeweights. I go because I still have a membership, it was close by, and the cheapest option. I'm planning a switch once my year runs out.
Went to sign up a Planet Fitness..They told me they didn't allow lifting anything over 65 pounds..I've carried more than that out of the grocery store.
...what?
Friend of mine works out there. He puts up pics on Instagram all the time and tags bodybuilding. He's a lost cause.
don't forget they are the "judgement free zone" but have 
Why the fuck- they want to drive off hardcore lifters?
because 60% of the population (US) is overweight. You make far more money attracting self conscious fatties who pay for a year's membership and only show up for two weeks. Shitty gym, brilliant business model.
Oh man, you haven't even seen the ads have you?
please show me.

Like... What? Is a gym not for building muscle?
Not that I necessarily agree with this, but a gym isn't . for building muscle. They're preying on the insecurity some people feel when at a gym for 'normal' exercise.
Those ads literally infuriate me... they act like anyone who is serious about fitness is some bimbo douche
At least every guy "serious about fitness" in the gym I go to is a bimbo douche.
at the very least..it's every single guy.  .yeeeeaaaah...
Good point. But I'm not wrong, though.
How so? Because the gym I go to the guys are all pretty intelligent and passionate about what they do. They're also eager to help or just bull shit with other lifters
This is what I hate about PF. Everyone is completely antisocial/unwilling to help. I was doing the curling machine years ago at my old gym and some random dude comes up to me and says "man, fuck that, do some freeweights" and shows me a few basic dumbell lifts, while correcting me. In PF, you would risk getting the alarm for judging.
Most guys here are all arms and no legs. Also they make a lot of noise lifting and throw the weights to the ground when already told not to.
I just think it's silly to judge such a large group of individuals based on what they're interested in, especially on the basis of saying "no judging." Just look at the guys and girls over at ., they're great and always willing to help people of any size and shape

I think they're just poking at the stereotype that most casual lifters see.  I can see it being a successful business model.  For every serious lifter, I'm sure there are at least a handful of people that might feel intimidated/uncomfortable in the same gym as "grunters".  Whether they're right or wrong to feel that way, if there's a gym that promises only 'normal folk', they'll probably get a lot of business.
I have to say though, there's grunting and I totally get that, being in wights in High School and not making noise, you weren't lifting. But there was this one guy at the Y... Freaking, he was on the treadmill and his friend was literally shouting at the top of his lungs 'KEEP GOING, YOU CAN DO THIS. DON'T QUIT' etc. And every time he said something the guy he was yelling at would go 'YEAH' or grunt really loud or something. .Y employees had to tell him to turn it down. Incredibly distracting and I was embarrassed for him. Stuff like . I'm ok with seeing banned. Grunting and blowing out air is just a part of the job. 
Yeah, I think the OP's story is fine seeing as he didn't really mean to, and as long as it isn't something he does every set.
You're not gunna make it brah. 
Why so ?
So you get to know every guy at the gym or you just categorize them as super image conscious people?.Heavy lifting guys are usually pretty nice in my experience. They'll help you out with form if you're starting out, getting those nods when you do better.
How the hell does that work? If you . it goes off?
If you grunt, some scrawny cunt or fat self conscious fuck taddles to the front desk and they set it off. It's gone off a few times since I've been going there, and everyone actually bothering with the small weight area is playing the "find the bitch" game. 
You never just grunt and make noise to set it off constantly? Just put headsets on and roar your ass off.
The alarm is a challenge, you must roar louder in protest.

Wow. I was thinking about switching over to them from the Y since it's cheaper but I guess that isn't happening. 
That might work out well for all parties involved.  I don't lift and I'm not passing any judgement, but if they cater to a more... 'casual' style, and you prefer a more 'passionate' environment then it's probably a good call to lift else where.
That's not grunting, that's being a fucking obnoxious chimp
Oh man, Red Alert 2.  That game was the shot.
Auto correct got ya.
The bane of my ducking existence.
The thing is, it . when you go up a level and still get all your reps done, it gets you pumped. I don't judge anyone who goes into a gym, because they are working on improving themselves and not too long ago I was a fatass, but damn not even a woo or a something when you feel good about yourself? That seems extreme.
They have donut and pizza parties every month. No joke..At 10$/mo, it's probably worth it if you only ever do cardio and machines. The one near us had free weights that went up to I think 45lb for the curl bars, so you genuinely can't lift at all there. It's explicitly designed to exclude traditional gym goers because they make the cardio-only gym members feel bad or something..It's like if . started a business.
Holy shit, I mean HO-LEE-SHIT. That sub is the most cringe worthy collection of betas I have ever witnessed. I mean, I'm not exactly Arnold strong or a Calvin Klein model attractive, but at least I have some fucking dignity. God why did I fucking click that, I need to lift right the fuck now. 
The fat and girl-boy acceptance movement members in the gym press the alarm in a most passive aggressive manner
'... I really hope he pops a capillary and gets a hematoma. It must be torture lifting that weight and not being able to make a .. Oh look there's a sound' [[.]]
2 plates? .Makin' noise, lifting big? He gets the nod. Only noobs and cardio losers think noise doesn't happen
The first time I 10-repped two plates for a deadlift I got serious nods, that was the day I was driven down the path of swole by the mighty hand of Brodin.  Wheymen.
Only 2 plate is for fags and women
Relax, we were all eight-year-olds once. 
But did we all used to rape autists?
Okay, Mike Katz.
only a god damn pussy would think that 2 plates is "big weight" or that its acceptable to make a peep when you're pushing 2 fucking plates.  I woulda laughed this queer outta my fucking gym you pansy.  If you got 3 plates on, feel free to grunt a bit, if you got 4, make all the noise you please. fuckin small people piss me off
0/10 
that what your mother rated your dick last night?

So what're your stats?
reps at 2 and a quarter and i keep my fucking mouth shut
So 225?
two plates and one quarter = 275
Nice. Squat and dl?
355 and 4 plates for reps, don't max out.
I had better numbers than you when I was fucking 17 years old. Cool your jets douchebag
I had better numbers when I was 17 too considering I actually played a sport at that point you fucking queer. What the fuck is that supposed to mean? 

Kickass man. Way better than mine that's for sure
Pretty weak shit man.
Get laid 

heaviest plate at my gym is 44 pounds. if thats 2 plates both sides thats 176 pounds, plus bar, would be pushing 200. thats not awful, and youre being an ass
Plates are standard 45 pounds or 20 kilos (44 pounds). just fyi.
How much does one plate weigh?
I think 45 pounds. Although there are plates of varying weights. 
A plate as referred here is 45 lb. the weight referred to in green text would be 225 and "one plate" is 135
45lb, and when you say "2 plates" it means 2 plates on either side of the bar which is also 45lb itself. "2 plates" is 90+45+90 = 225lb and benching that is nothing to scoff at.
Im 15 and no muscle head but i push 2 plates for my 1 rep. Its not that big of a deal if you've been going to the gym for a while
225 really is nothing to be proud of.
It's not a big deal for a long time gym-goer, but it's a great personal milestone and absolutely something that I considered worthy of bragging about.
Especially.since we dont know his height/weight and bmi
It's 45 lbs. So benching 4-plate (that's 8x45 + 45 bar) is 405 lbs.
This guy's a Goddamn liar, vids of you pushing 4-plate.
where did I say I push 4 plates? I rep 275 and don't make a god damn sound. You can make sound once your exceptional, not when you're barely above average.
[deleted]
Oh my gawd, you're telling me an athlete is at a higher than average level of physical fitness than most? Shocking
Get out of reddit
oh my big man please don't hurt me.Fucking internet tough guy, go jerk off somewhere
did i say i was gona fuck you up faggot? no i said you're a fucking pussy. 
Lay off the juice man
Over the vastness of space and time, the jimmies rustle softly.
badecon60 wept softly into his waifu pillow."He didn't respect me when I insulted him. Everything I know is a lie"
Confirmed that this happened.  I was next to him benching stuffed animals spongebob style.  The man is a legend.
fuck. i just quite the 07 servers... don't do this to me man
Fuck off with the f.lux.
What's EOC, havent been keeping up with RS since I havent played in years.
Evolution of combat, they changed the whole combat system around, instead of just click and attack, it's more like wow or other mmorpg with action bar and skills

Which board is this?
This was from /b/
I'd assume /v/, but /b/ is also possible.
What year did "Runescape 2" start?
What's the first thing you do when you see a graph?
What.
You read the title. They teach this in second grade, keep up.
I'm having trouble understanding.
I'm sorry to hear to that.
Pls help
Then it's not RuneScape anymore IMO
Yeah it's pretty polarizing. I returned a couple months ago and played, and overall I enjoyed it more, the game has gotten a lot better in terms of content. I love the updates, I played for a month and it seemed like there was 10 big updates to the game..Rs3 comes out really soon like the end of July. Total overhaul of the graphics and UI
They pretty much had to add in the "momentum" ability that makes it pretty much like pre-EOC,click and attack.
Sounds like they're just trying to make browser based WoW
That's exactly what they're doing. The community rallied and made Jagex cave, and now there is a version you can play which is the game as it was in August 2007. That's what I play, it's a pretty good nostalgia buzz.
sage
Guess he had a dildo fan 
Waste of a perfectly good dildo.
There are better ones on the market somewhere.
Yeah, 10 switches on the wall and also the switches make the fan go faster. Try harder next time.
Shit always takes a turn for the worse when you're a kid, so it does make sense.

No that is not Buddum tsss. The least amount of Buddum tsss I have ever seen
Aw man
it's okay just gotta work on your jokes.
It really wasn't even meant to be funny
Well it exceeded that goal
Dry humor </3
Maybe if it actually was dry humor
What ever makes up for my small penis
"Surrender harder than a French"
Some of the other posts have been better.
Black people are separate from monkeys OP. also "simmer the zimmer" is like saying he got burned. 
Reminds me of "cant corner the Dorner".
This is bullshit OP. It's "You can't shim sham the zimm zamm."
"looking for movies to torrent when I get home" haha! Somehow the funniest line. 
10/10 
I get the feeling there's gonna be a lot of this going on.
I never want these to stop.
THIS. YES OP. YES!
*flim flam
Lol
guhhh
"White-Hispanic" gave it away... And therefore wasn't remotely funny
Can't flim flam the Zimm Zamm you dipshits.
Who the fuck goes to Walmart to look for movies to torrent?
gave what away?
That the story was about ZimmZamm. His mistake was in implying the story could have ever possibly been remotely funny.
Fucking gay
Can't dim the zim.
His anal virginity.
damn, i can't decide which repetitive zimmerman story i like best. .mfw. .agree, flim flam is the superior phrase
Do you even know what mfw means?
BRO DO YOU EVEN LIFT
clearly not because I'm still looking for the picture of his face.
Althought The Zim may not be as great as The Dorner, he is still a great man. Certainly better than Spooderman. 
Spooderman ? No seriously, what is spooderman ?
wtf is a white hispanic anyways?
Me, ten years ago. Eventually you grow up and realize why would I want to be anything but white. Then you're just a white guy with a tan. 
somone of hispanic decent but like super 'merican, sometimes with accent sometimes without. But they normally hate immigrants/other minorities even more than normal racists do. 
So you transcended race?
I just laid off tacos and burritos, and soon the dreams stopped. 
A term made up by media to desperately convince people racism is still alive. We don't go calling Obama the first white black president.
I know a lot of white African Americans from South Africa.
Someone whose skin is not quite brown and not quite white. He is not white enough to be "White", but he is also not black or asian, and sadly there is no such race as 'brown"..The crazy thing is that hispanic in theory means that they are Spanish speakers too and not all of them are.
I once worked for a guy who had many Arian brotherhood tattoos and would constantly talk shit about all races. I finally had enough and asked if he thought only whites are so great, then why did he hire me? A Mexican. .He simply laughed and said your Rodriguez, of Spanish descent, from Europe. Boy your as white as it gets..
That's the only time I had ever been considered a white Hispanic, and it was under ignorant prejudice. But that's also the only way that the statement makes any sense to me. I think Zimmerman is of German/Jewish descent.
a hispanic conspiracy to shift the blame to the aryans
a term shit tier news agencies came up with when they looked at all of the facts about georgie, after they realized he wasn't white but didn't want to admit to making shit up.
Louis CK
/thread
I remembered he is simply originated from Hungarian parents, but my mind is fucking blown now after reading Wikipedia:
Bullshit created by the media to perpetuate poor race relations and increase their ratings.  A term no one in real life has ever used. 
I don't know about this "simmer the zimmer" thing.  I still like "you can't flim flam the zimm zamm".
Both are retarded and so fucking forced. 
Die nigger faggots lol
Unfortunately that reminds me of .. Fuck that kid.
"Taste the Rainbow, Bitches." would have been better....
You can't corner the dorner
Yes we remember
But can the Dorner corner others?
Because it is obviously the best
Really makes you realize how fucking easy it would've been to die back in the day. The good old times...
So remember kids, when a red/purple line starts moving up your body it's time to call 911.
What the fuck I don't even.
He's dead
Might be blood poisoning headed for his heart. He's dead now
That's a staph infection. You see that, get to hospital ASAP.
Faggot
Nobody cares, fagtard
Faggot
faggot
Faggot
Shit post. 
This video is a good reason to put potheads in prison. 

FACT: smoking weed WILL cause you to rape your dog.
Because OP's a fag
Can anyone find that tie-dye pic OP used? Fuckin' baller. 
Plot twist:.It should be legalized 
I actually thought it was actually pretty funny.
Dumb post
"The earth can't hurt"?
Yeah. Hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, tsunamis, heat waves, and famine are all perfectly good
I was pro legalization until I saw this... 
FACT: if you don't own a dog, smoking weed WILL cause you to fantasize about raping a dog and possibly dress other animals/people as dogs and then rape them.
The only thing funny about this post is the fucking neckbeard in the shroom shirt.  Someone should photoshoop a fedora on his stupid fucking head.

Lololololol./sarcasm
thats just ome random unfunny post. OP is a fag.
I think it was funny you're a fag lol..Downvote to you, sir
NSFW FAGGOT
NSFW for Christ's sake.
NSFW TAG OP! 
If anyone has the picture in the thread, please post it
Monika Vesela, AKA Kiki Klement. Enjoy searching for it.
EWWWWWWWWW NSFW EWIES
I thought this sub was NSFW the whole time I've been on here.
Nope, otherwise all posts would be defaulted to be NSFW
4chan=SFW.Got it.
Most of the boards are technically SFW, save /r9k/, /b/, /soc/, /pol/, /r/, /s4s/ and all the adult boards. Checkmate
Visually, maybe. But text wise, everyone's flipping a virtual bird to everyone.
NSFW faggot, had a bunch of people behind me in class thinking I'm looking at porn, dickhead.
Suck my dick faggot, anything 4chan related is automatically nsfw
It's 4chan
No, it's 4chan on Reddit.
Point proven. Don't look at that shit in public. 
Or OP could just follow reddiquette and tag a clearly NSFW post as NSFW! Some of us have jobs motherfucker, if I was sitting in a college class I wouldn't even give a fuck. But when it comes to me possibly losing my job because someone can't follow a simple rule, that shit pisses me off..Edit* I find the content on this subreddit funny and obviously therefore subscribe. But this is the second blatant NSFW post I have seen untagged coming from this subreddit this week. I would hate to unsubscribe but I will have to if people are too fucking ignorant to follow the rules. THIS IS NOT 4CHAN, this is 4CHAN on reddit!
If you are at your job then fuckin do it and get off r/4chan.
It's called taking a break, and I've already done my job and worked the past two weekends to make sure shit got done. Fuck you
Lol
Oh you must be new here......GET OUT BEFORE IT'S TO LATE
DON'T WORRY, I PUT ON MY CROCS SO I DIDN'T STEP IN MY PUDDLE OF WEEWEE
BULLSHIT if you're gonna lie, lie 'bout somthin more belivable i mean crocs? Those are something that only holy warriors can wear
PERFECT OPPORTUNITY FOR RAPE
NSFW m8
Tag it Faget
Cry me a fucking river, if you really wanna be a dumb mongoloid then browse . at work. Until you smarten up and not browse something you wouldn't want other people to see then shut the fuck up. 
Looks like your just gonna have to kill the bitch.  Probably her whole family too.  Better safe than sorry, you fucking virgin faggot.
"Wtf m8 whai deez dubz naht werkin".Thank you, Moot.
These types of posts are boring as shit. We get it, some people don't know dubs are disabled.
yeah, disabling dubs was really great.  Unfortunately now there are more dubs threads than ever with 450 replies of newfaggotry who dont know they are disabled even when the first comment in each thread is "DUBS ARE DISABLED, SAGE"
You can still get dubs, only 00
I never fucking got that. How are they disabled. Also, I got quads on day. 
Disabling dubs was one of the greatest things ever done in the history of mankind.  Thousands and thousands of years from now our robot overlords will look back at that moment as the one thing humanity did that they don't need to be punished for.
CHECK 'EM
I may be an idiot for not knowing. But I'll forever regret it if I don't ask. What's does it mean by dubs are disabled?
Posts ending in doubles 
Such as a post like 4578677
They get really annoying because people point out that they have dubs 
Moot made it to where when you post the last three digits show as XXX but you can still see it if you hover, so it didn't block it completely. 
There are also trips, quads and quints. Each being more rare and therefore hold more "power". 
Dubs are used sometimes in things like "dubs an the mets win" where someone posts and if their post is dubs then it's the universe agreeing. 
Ahhh okay that makes sense. Thanks for taking the time to explain it dude. 
Well I couldn't just downvote you and forget about it now could I? I mean who the hell does that right? Oh wait...
Any Fallout game is a good game.
Australia edition: well, it's just another day
this is actually a good idea...
Little Jacob, get out of my threads.
Ja fuckin bumbaclout!
BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM BADDA DAN DEM 
stop
I'd play the Chinese or British versions.

What the fuck is desu
It's a sentence-end in japanese. When pronounced 'Dess' it means 'it is', and when pronounced 'daysu' it means the same thing but it's supposed to sound cute.
Lurk more.
no
DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU DESU
I cant believe satansasshole set you up for that
Who would've thought shit like that would find a way to come from satansasshole
Username references aren't funny 
Can someone ask OP to stay till like.. Sunday? It's going to be more humid than /b/'s balls on Thursday (92 and thunderstorming on Friday!). Having lived in the area for a few years, I'd like to finally see this fair too.
This is the combination of like 4 threads. 
For the most part call up a food distributor such as Food Services of America, and say what it is you want and how much of it. Several hundred pounds is probably more than meets any companies minimum buy-in.
Indy here. Hopefully I will see it on wishtv
Heard anything from that person? 
As someone who lives in Valpo, this could get ugly. Or just another Thursday.
DON'T THINK ABOUT THE EVENT!
What was the good idea?
We can dream
does anyone have a link to the you crossed the line photo on bottom?

PLEASE DELIVER
Me: blown away by the amount of fellow redditors that live near me
Motors...like, car motors?
Well any news, op better deliver 
I want the image from the last comment saying: "You overstepped the line".
It's 4chan, not like OP is going to deliver.
Any news?!
Could someone explain this to me?
The 18th is my Birthday and all I want is some kind of human-crab Frankenstein's Monster 
Why was Valparaiso, Indiana mentioned? That's where I currently reside 
I'm starting to lose hope.
Yeah this is some newer copy-pasta. I saw it like a month before this
Holy shit I live RIGHT next to valpo in Indiana! :D
am I the only one who doesnt know what the fuck is going on...?
2 hours south east of valpo.... Definitely interested... 
Just another Thirsty Thursday at the F-house bar

You are my hero.
Why is everyone quoting the meat locker thing as if it's crazy? We already know he'll need it for the crab meat.
In their tongue, he is Dovahkiin...
Is anyone else just here from NWI trying to figure out if I know some of you?
My birthday is Thursday! An I've always wanted a motorized pseudo-meat buggy.
Uh oh I know what's going on here this is going to be messy!
WHAT IS IT.
He is building a crab nuke/bomb this happened in Argentina after the manhattan project someone used 1 ton of crabs and motors you can google it. But what this guy is gonna do will not be good it's going to be a big bomb so if you live anywhere near that place Evacuate or hide somewhere safe good luck I have to go pick up my. Bunker from Craigslist. And this bomb will destroy at least 3 states. So good luck
Uh, I work in Valparaiso, Indiana. 
Well its Thursday now here im waiting.
Tomorrow will be a good day.
Thursday is my birthday
and yet, I still don't want to meet them
I'm going to assume the rest of everyone else in this city melted from today's heat or is just now out at the fair now. It's 10:30 pm, 83F/28C and I'm pretty certain that as soon as everyone got home today, they stripped down and lived in a cold shower for about an hour. Give it a little time!
Welp.
I live a half hour from Valpo... 
so what's your point?
I'm hoping to hear of some local jimmy's getting rustled.
I'm hoping to read it in the Post the next day, hear about it from a friend, or actually witness it. 
OP is filled with faggotry; I doubt he will deliver.
Whatever OP delivers, it better be a damn good present for my 21st birthday.
upvoted for birthday buddiess.I'll be 26.be safe-ish!
So what happened?
TIL theres a Valparaiso in Indiana
Please, based god, let this happen.
I'm going to bet it's one of the SPECIAL EVENTs listed here..A fair in that town, that day.
I live like 35-50 minutes away from Valpo, will report what occurs.
Board?
/diy/
I have some strange friends....and my birthday is the 18th.
I thought they were talking about bradley manning for a sec
That fucking guy.
Could someone explain?
I wish we could... 
/ck/ I'd assume.
it was
Was it, really?.It looks like /ck/ but it can be hard to tell.
DIY
Anyone want to clarify what the fuck you can do with a ton of imitation crab? 
Eat it.
If it were my prank I'd probably let it rot for a while then put it in a sorority house. 
Valpo Student here: Sororities don't have houses. Some law to do with so many women living in a house with no men being considered a brothel. Which doesn't really make sense since they all live in one dorm instead. But things don't have to make sense here.
That sounds borderline insidiously evil.  The vomiting alone, following that sort of prank...
1/3 of a ton, actually. 
im excited and i don't know why
mainstream news in a nutshell, right here folks
so edgy

You're early.  It's only the 16th.
[deleted]
faggot
Re-read the title.
I'm like 45 minutes away. Probably need to check it out. 
You don't even know what . is, what exactly are you going to check out?
To be fair he probably can't miss it.
Plus... Hundreds of pounds of krab meat. 
If you lived in Indiana you'd jump at a chance to see an "it", even if it isn't defined yet. 
Oh god yes you certainly would.  Provided it's not outside.  It is in the 90's right now, and Hoosiers fry like bacon in the early 70's.  That being said, I would be willing to go back outside after being on my feet for eight hours to see this sort of an event.  This is borderline Doctor Who shit, if it has nothing to do with a food truck.
Truth. Most people here just can't handle the heat. Humidity right now is the killer. 
Back when bacon wore bell-bottoms.
My apologies. I'm going by Eastern Standard Time (US & Canada).
I've had this saved as an event on my phone for months now.
It's still only the 16th.
The event
IT'S HAPPENING
The Happening was a great movie. 
Psych

This is probably my favorite glitch.


Waiting on some dick whining about how 'you never used the gif that loops perfectly'.
you never used the gif that loops perfectly
My fingers are not thin enough to click this link on my phone.
"Kel, go get 1/3 of a ton of imitation crabmeat, a couple motors and meet me down by the meat coolers this Thursday." 
"AWWW, HERE IT GOES"
Yes, but Thursday is the 18th. 
Eastern time here, can confirm.
Pacific time confirmation coming in.
Mars time here, wtf are you guys talking about?
unix time here, still lolling at these plebs
photon here, what the fuck is time?
Energy string here. What. 
lampshades
Oh my god you are all faggots
That's a given.
1/3 ton of the imitation crab meat is 666 lbs. Maybe some sort of hint?
or 333 kg
Crab, not lobsters.
wait  1/3 of 1000 Kg is 333 Kg, that's more than 666 lbs. I'm confused.
1 kg = 2.2 lbs
yes, so 333 kg is 734 lbs. not 666 lbs.
In America, a ton is 2,000 pounds.
oh that's confusing, but also kind of makes sense considering you guys don't use metric.
When we refer to 1000kg in the US, we say "metric ton" although "megagram" would have been much cooler.
Not as confusing as in the UK, where a ton is 2,240 lbs and a tonne (pronounced "ton") is 1,000 kg.
How many lbs is a fuckton? Or do they convert that to stone?
Nearly seven assloads
Wolframalpha confirms this... Huh.

...how did you..?
Edit: . It just got started.
Wait, what is happening here? Are you explaining to lebobathan what he just did? I can't find the comment in the picture. I'm scared now.

....Wouldn't a 1/3rd of a ton always equal 666 lbs.?
NO. Duh, don't you know 
no dumbass.
Actually you are right.
Why.
Standardization it makes it simpler
TIL
Because America has always insisted on its own (wrong) measurement systems.
2000 lbs is a much better measurement tool than 2240 lbs. I think America is correct on this one.
Perhaps. Although the 2240 number is only 16kg off being an actual tonne. Which is an eminently useful number of kg. So the long ton is much easier to convert back to  internationally standard units. 
The metric system doesn't consider lbs, a metric ton is 1000kg. 2240 lbs is 1016.047kg. The imperial system is weird as fuck, and the rest of the world is right, on this too. 
1/3rd of a ton of ANYTHING is 666 lbs.
Even 1/3 of a ton of feathers?
yes.
Are you sure bro? Feathers are lighter than crabs
no.
It.
DON'T SAY THAT WORD
when i read this post, i thought of this 
except for the light touching that actually sounds like a pretty good thursday
Ok, glad it's not just me. This is the first thing I thought of. A couple of us thought up of a "Internet Show" idea called "The JO Bros" that involve masturbating to disaster porn, and at climax, their crystals power up and shoot out rainbows that prevent whatever disaster it was that they were J'ingO to. A joke about imitation crab meat was supposed to feature in every episode..I have strange but talented friends.
Ah, a classic.
ahhh philly craigslist. scarier than the average craigslist
Charlie, Dee, Frank, Dennis & Mac don't seem so weird after seeing the Philly craigslist. 
Yep. It's probably a trap.
God dammit, I've seen that so many times I don't even have to click that link to know what it is.

I live in Philly, this is a dream come true!
For more. Almost certain they did the "on rails" one but I don't see it.
how can all those posts have so much male touching each other and at the same time request no gay stuff?
It's just the mysterious ways of the j/o buddy. 
The fine print says "No Homo" so don't worry.
Oh good, was worried there for a second. I'm allergic to nuts
wait, what...
autism
My god... He's summoning the crab devil
Krab devil (ftfy)
imitation crab devil*
. Surely nothing to worry about! 
crab 
Ooga-shaka ooga-shaka
The Lobstrocities.
 
Gooble gobble, gooble gobble! We accept him, we accept him!
Looks like a crab, acts like people. 

Tried to find an appropriate gif of crab people. Found out . exists.
wat. 
I did it. I looked. Here is the best one. 
This is the first time I've ever been excited to live in Valpo
"Indiana is a great beacon of light in the Midwest"
"Then what is that shadow in the corner?"
"Oh, that's Gary. We don't go there."
I think I read over "Valparaiso, Indiana" about five times trying to figure out why that sounded familiar to me, and then I was like "WAIT I'M FROM VALPO. I'M HERE RIGHT NOW." I never felt so proud.....and then I kept reading.
Whoooo Indiana. 
Um, don't you know that you have the biggest box/sheet plant in the WORLD in valpo?????
Dude I live in Plymouth.
Dudes gonna roll a huge ball of fake crab down meridian (or campbell, fuck you) to stick it to us folks in Chesterton.
If it turns out to be the Energy Commission fucking around let me know.
half my family is from Valparaiso! The one in Chile though :C
NOT CONFIRMED FOR REGION RAT
I work there. I second this. 
Next town north.... Can't wait. 
Hahaha too ashamed to say you're from Chesterton, eh?
Haha Chesterton, at least we have a old ass Kmart with batteries from the '90s
Hey I live in valpo too! I actually work at valpo velvet. . 
Crown Point checking in.
I live near Valparaiso
Live in Valpo also but will be out if town..Lucky or not?
Yay Valpo! I was thinking this might have something to do with the "bombs" being found around town today.
What?  I didn't hear anything about this.  Where were these alleged bombs?
 - Read what they posted on Monday.
Sorry bout your luck buddy. Porter County blows. 
Portage here, it has to be the fair.
hey there neighbor...
Everything the light touches is our kingdom.
[deleted]
The part that said "Valparaiso, Indiana"
Same here, but I live in Whiting. The only thing ever worth anything in Whiting is Pierogi Fest - which loses its luster after the first walkthrough, since you've seen the same fucking vendors for the past 15 years. 
I'm a Hammond native...hello neighbor
Used to live in Hammond and was always surprised at how nice Whiting looked when I went there. Then I realized to get to your town from Hammond you had to pass through the refinery wastelands that smelled constantly of shit..Probably serves as a good riff-raff deterrent..I didn't even know there was a Pierogi Fest. :(.God I hated living in Hammond...
I'm so sorry...buuut El Taco Real kicks ass!.But yeah, BP and Cargill typically combine to produce a smell comparable to death and old people. Combined with some of the communities within the town turning into utter shit, I simply can't wait to get outta here.
El Taco Real is pretty fucking good, but I couldn't stay, even for them. :(.I left about 7 years ago and haven't looked back. Moved out here to the Western Chicago suburbs and even though it can be a bit more expensive, the quality of living difference in many areas is way higher..I was astounded by how safe and not shit everything was compared to living in Hammond.
Crown Point here. I can't wait.
It is so good.  I love the Pierogiettes.  
Planning on going there for the first time with my folks, worth going once at least?
Absofuckinglutely. You have to go at least once. I've been in Whiting for 10 years, though, so I don't really care about it too much anymore. 
But man after that first walk through your so full you shouldnt need a second. 
Who is supporting the vendors around the other end ?  Surely the highest profiting location is 20% of the way through...nobody is buying from the first vendors.. But Just far enough in.. Where you're thinking "i have seen most of goods, better settle with something"   continues on r/foodvendortheories
True. But everyone wants to back Saturday, or different people want to go on Saturday night, and it's like, "yeeeeah no, I'm good."
Wait....a Pierogi Fest?  Oh...my...god.
That is literally what it sounds like. Half a mile, maybe 3/4 of a mile, of vendors dishing out pierogis of all kinds - from the standard potato pierogi, to meat, to sauerkraut, to blue/black/rasp/strawberry, to alligator. Fried, deep fried, baked, boiled, you name it. 
Holy shit....I might actually make this trip.  That sounds fucking amazing.
Oh, and they typically have a chocolate covered bacon stand as well. 
You sound like Bubba talkin bout shrimp.
Now you're just rubbing it in.  
July 26-28. Whiting, IN. Worth it. 
Remind me to take a trip to Whiting.
Whiting is in the shitty part of Indiana. Between Gary and Chicago. 
wut
The whole area of Northwest Indiana is the shitty part. The rest of us Hoosiers just refer to it as "The Region".
I would have to disagree with you wholeheartedly on that one. NWI isn't bad except for Gary, parts of Hammond, a couple spots in Whiting, and the projects in Griffith. Lafayette and northern Indianapolis are way fuckin' worse. 
Take a trip to Whiting.
Thanks for reminding me.
Dude thursday is when the fair starts.
Wonder if it has something to do with Hunter Hayes' appearance that night...
Guy is running a large food stand at the fair.  Has access to meat lockers because he runs a restaurant.  The "motors" he's referring too are the generators for his food stand.  Whatever he's selling it has a lot of imitation crab meat in it..Nothing to see here, folks.
Well shit
If he runs a restaurant why would he need to ask where to order crab meat from?
Plot twist, the owners of Jade garden or the China house are making a huge crab Rangoon for the fair.
I'm assuming because you can't just order it by the third ton.
Why not? It isn't like the food distribution company is going to tell him he can't spend his money on their products.
They might. They have to pay for it and store it before it gets to him...
Of course they do. Then they charge you for it.
Actually they might not let him order that much if it wipes out their supply. They need to have enough left to fulfill other orders in order to keep clients. Keeping multiple loyal customers pays off in the long run, so they won't just sell all their imitation crab to one guy. However, chances are it's pretty easy to mass-produce that shit. Who knows..I'm over-thinking the logistics of ordering a mountain of fake crab. :(
I'm betting with a weeks notice any seafoodd distributor can make it happen. When we get it in from the Asian guys, the only thing on the box not in Japanese is FISH CAKE, so I'm not sure there's really any crab in it anyway.
I'm in shipping. A half ton is nothing..I saw 30 tons of chicken just the other day. In a single container.
Restaurant owner here, you can only order it by the half-ton. 
never ordered t before?
yeah, but why ask 4chan?  surely he has a supplier for his other meats who would be more knowledgeable.
like is this guy for real or what
Ever heard of the lulz?
heard of them, shit i have their first three albums on vinyl
I ask 4chan for advice for every possible situation i need it, they never steer me wrong.
I've asked 4chan many questions, some important, some not, some general, some personal, even some that have no true answer, but I ask anyways just to be soothed in sweet, sweet lies..The only response I've ever gotten though was "nigger".
Roody-poo
You're forgetting "OP is a faggot" too...
Hmm they always tell me OP is a fag!
Maybe that just happened to be the answer to all your questions? 
Niggers are never the solution to anything.

4chan . the supplier. 
deep, man.
No, it's like you're not listening. 4chan is . supplier.
That can not be safe.
 What's in the safe!?
Four dildos and a peice of candy.
Did they open it yet?
Damnit, stop crushing my dreams! 
Because OP always delivers. 
 to restore your faith

SHUT UP. WE NEED THIS TO HAPPEN.
Domestic violence may result for the OP failing to deliver here.
Why would you do that? It's your property, it's like keying your own car! - Jimi Carr - 
Well great, Tashre over here is going to beat his wife. Are you happy now, OP? Do you see what you've made us do?
FTFY
~~ . ~~
Wow, what a racist piece of shit...

Because Lil Wayne and Jay-Z are just in desperate need of a little extra cash.
Look where you are.
Niggers
I recommend a kickstarter.
Please post link of the kickstarter
The sad thing is this would be probably work... Oh well Zim-Zam's innocent anyway so he's alright in my book.
[deleted]

That was actually a decent thread. OP didn't want to talk just about Zimmerman, he wanted to talk about everything about the trial and other things like civil rights. 
That's not a link 
Hes trying to read, just like any nigga. Hope one day he will learn 
that mouse be all like 'no da fuck u dihin't nigga hmm mm'
Wow I got to name a mouse on the internet. Better cap it and post to reddit for karma.
So... he wrote something from an internet message board on a piece of paper?
Am I retarded or did he say 69 22 and 96? Didn't that fuck roll '02?
Make us proud, little guy
mouse know where its at
they don't think it be like it is but he do
You must be new here
Please leave the internet.
Welp, guess I'm the tard. 
shouldnt it be 'it died at a young age'?
I think Op was trying to make it sound as if he died of old age, but instead young age, as a joke
No i think that should be the mouses name
Ah i see. I guess you're right at that point.
Did OP at least thank Anon?
Do you have the original


Why would you even take the time to screencap this...
OP is an underage faggot.
Sonic Heroes was fucking great. I loved the soundtrack.
I just checked with my calculator.  He is actually 63.  What an idiot.
"Jodansokuteger does some math"
how does it feel to be a casual?
I think Sonic games quality is inversely proportional to it's soundtrack.
By this logic Sonic Spinball and Sonic Chronicles are the best entries.
Hey, those were repetitive, not bad.
lelwut?
I don't browse 4chan because I don't like looking at shitposts like this all day just to maybe find something good
you don't have to look at the shitposts, you can catalog and actually talk about some vidya. 4chan's system for dealing with shitposters is far superior to reddits. You give all the trolls the attention they crave.

OP, this is your math. You are a flaming faggot.
/v/ is not a red board faglord
Shitposts galore today!
Do you see how the post under it shows it was OPs post because of the (You).
They were responses to me, don't be such a newfag.
I said you where the OP of the thread. Which usually means the OP thinks everything happening in their thread is so FUNNY LOL.
If I didn't know any better, I'd think this is the middle of the summer.
Wait, so is the contest over? When do they actually announce the winner? 
Thank Reddit for everyone finding out 
Guys, stop, you're gonna make her kill herself 
Sarah is a ripe cunt.
Send your support to Charles. His twitter: twitter.com/cgz79
So where can we see who's winning/has won?
Lets get to the important part of this post..How the fuck did MOTHERFUCKER MIKE get his name to be formatted like that?

You don't fuck the chuck 
I want a gif of her reaction to Charles getting his sniff on.
HOLY FUCKIN SHIT I KNOW THAT GUY NELSON!
Motherfucker Mike knows his shit
I see no downside.
Please tell me that american flag is carl sagan
The voting ends on the 21st iirc
Make the link OP and I'll still think you're a fag
I agree with MOTHERFUCKER MIKE
So even if op delivers, he's still a fag?
It is known.
It is known khaleesi
inb4 Next Month's Flair = Charles
Charlie will guide the rally, take us through the valley, because he's fucking number one on the tally. Tits.
He Will get Dqed most likely..If the Contest involves listener participation by voting for a Contest participant on the stations website then the voting is limited to one vote 
per person per day. If a contestant receives multiple and/or irregular votes from the same user or users, regardless of the source, the Station reserves the 
right to disqualify the Contestant its sole discretion
Then why not limit it by IP, right now their system is fucked and anybody can vote a billion of times on the same pc
Sarah's just a teeny bopper.
fuck sarah, maybe if she says sorry for attempting to crush charles' dreams and if shes lucky charles will sniff her hair too
So we direct all the bots voting for Charles to Sarah instead. If Charles goes down she needs to come down with him.
This is brilliant. In every contest, blatantly cheat for everyone ahead of the Chosen One. They'll be disqualified for tampering and no one will suspect anything.
Still see this not working, just because its up to their discretion.  So they still might see the plan and just have to accept the other winner, because she is not cheating.  In other words.. Lame
So in other words, USE BOTS EVENLY ON EVERYONE!
except Charles
No, just use 4 bots per 5 on the winner.
Can't gargle the charles
Can't fuck with the Chuck.
What.
if charles is disqualified with some bullshit excuse, something needs to happen.
Finally, a cause worth rioting for.
Lot's of posts about Taylor Swift having ., shoop pictures of her with an adams apple.
Lana. 
All I see is the couple having matching pants and shoes.
So we can assume we're sending charles to a trap where he'll get fucked
Gammon hands
Crotch bulges are easy to shoop
Anytime someone mentions Taylor Swift we all exclaim, "You know she has really big hands!". 
You can't see that her hand is the big hand?
Maybe the guy has just really small hands.
Truckasaurus

we r legun
"we r legun" - anonimylis
we r not frget, we r not frgiv
DAE hack computers? We are legion, we do not forgive, we do not forget xD amirite? 
7/10 would cringe.
7/10 DID cringe
we will march down the streets of new york and LA shouting something really badass and easy to remember, like "no justice, no peace" or some shit.
And right after shouting this, we also yell "This is for charls, not trayvon!"
I SAY WE THROW SKITTLES AT SWIFT
Drown the world in Arizona tea.
Can't corner the Dorner.Can't simmer the Zimmer.Charles in charge.Presidential dream team 2016
First triple president..Best triple president.
It's the GTA V of the presidential nominees.
You're missing a Dog, and a multiplayer character.
Can't flim flam the Zim Zam...
You can't simmer the Zimmer. You can't wham bam the Zimmerman. You can't pin the slim Zimm.
lel
thats the joke
Well now I just feel fucking stupid...
That's because you are.
You cannot stop the Charles. He will win, and he will sniff your hair. Charles is love, Charles is life.
He is planet.
you can't zar-flar the char char.
Charles will win, and he will be the new king of /b/. 
All Hail the almighty King Charles
Thus, the Britannian Empire begins..Nothing like the glorious beginnings that I expected of Lelouch's father.

go away no
So you'd say that Charles would be in Charge?
Sniff the swift is what we chant
Quality slogan
10/10
would chant again
Don't sneeze while you're peeing.
Yeah i have a pretty respectable 8 inch on a good day dick, but when I'm oot and aboot at school or work, you know, the places where you regularly stow your hand in your pants, my softcock-no-half-mast is like 3-4 inches. 
The feels
"I'm a grower, not a shower, but when its time to show, i grow."- Frank Gallagher 
3 inches soft is small?..........way to ruin my day
no. its really not, but it is on the lower end of average sizes.
No need to have feels. 
Cant judge a man by a softie
You ever drank an Arizona? Your eyes go up, and they stay up. No zim, zam's, or but's about it.
Wait, didn't Martin and Zimmerman live fairly close to each other?.If Zim Zam went banana, this could happen...
This was better than OP's post.
Damn it 4chan 
meh
So much edges.
Wat.
Sooo... is there going to be a mass mailing of skittles on the anniversary of the shooting?
No care for dead's family LOL classic /b/! So edge, wow!
edgey neckbeard/10
alpha as fuck
4edgy9me
The "bitch" at the end killed it
Not funny. 2/10 for 'zimmymam'. 
14 year old/10
Wow this faggot attempted to be so edgy and just made some unfunny greentext bullshit. 
2edgy6me
9edgy11me
There were a few good ones in that thread. I screen capped them on my phone, but that sucks more dick than OP, so I didn't upload em. 
TIL: moon crickets is a racial slur.

Bahahahaha
Thats fucking perfect man

As an Australian who doesn't give a crap I'm glad this was cleared up. I was damn confused before.

true
Another one liner for this story would be; who gives a shit?
Wow, you're hilarious.
As an Australian who doesn't give a crap I'm glad this was cleared up. I was damn confused before.  ( ^_^) .Let me fix that for you (automated comment unflipper) 
Yeah, you sure showed that stereotyping cunt.
Let's try and count to one next time.
That was one line, you autist.
A long, narrow mark or band
your mom works at my penis
No! This is what he wants! Give him . votes!!!!
Probably the only time anyone has labeled him "white" in his life. 
This is about as much attention the case needs, well said

LOL DAE 10/10.At least crop out those replies.
why not 10 pounds of oatmeal and a whole bottle of colon blow
why
"Hue" .That sounds so fucking stupid by itself
Why do you think Brazilians make it?
I like how the glasses tilt on Zim Zam and that I don't care it's cancer.
You need to off yourself.
So did you find it on /pol/ or made it and pasted it here without any relation to 4chan? You faggot..Answer: 


hey
9/10 I chuckled
this should be on . 
[deleted]
Cupcaking?
Hoverhand over a drew anime waifu. It makes me chuckle every time

What a fucking badass. This is who reddit consists of. 
The pic is so fucking perfect I can't even
I saw Old Bitch Lady and immediately thought I was getting OFOTCN-rolled
Feels.png
May not be true, but crazyfag here can confirm that conditions are indeed accurate.
Holy shit
Spent the entire time reading trying to figure out which movie he was referencing. 
this would make a great movie, start to finish 
if taht is true and i hope it is. beutiful simply beutiful
GAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYY
All of my "Whoa"
Never have I ever wanted to believe so hard. 
fake and gay
biggest load of shit i have ever read, this is probably movie plot line copypasta
Same, the setup sounded similar at first
Where's the fucking rest. Jesus christ, assholes keep posting half stories. WTF happens!?!?! You dick. 
Click on the picture, r-tard.
 when you see a 1/4 in upper corner of pic, that means there are more pictures, or in this case more parts of the story.
I see a 1/2 there and saw both pages. Im mobile, does that fuck it up?
Possibly, I can see full version here.
Here is imgur link fag. 
Word
fuck you anon that was the most beautiful thing i ever read
He must be the only person who recovers from the incurable condition of dementia 
This would make a good book, then movie. 
Then reprint of the book to tie-in with the movie.
[deleted]
It's not funny.
Or he was wrongly diagnosed. This story is not that unbelievable, as it supposedly happened during big pharm's heyday, and psychological disorders were described and diagnosed almost entirely based on behavioral and cognitive testing at the time.
he said in the original thread that he was misdiagnosed and that the memorize loss was because of a non cancerous brain tumor that went in to remission allowing him to star forming memories again and that the medication wasn't making him forget.
Have you ever been on 4chan? Im pretty sure it was made up.
I want to believe.
Seen this post on /b/. I believe he said further down in the comments that it was actually a misdiagnosis and actually a brain tumor that went into remission and he was able to become aware of his surroundings. Seemed like an amazing, but genuine story
That's not a misdiagnosis. It's just the cause of dementia was overlooked/ignored. Dementia is a syndrome that has causes. It's not a disease on it's own.
You can't be committed against your will for more than 3 days in the United States.  It's bullshit.
Sometimes I don't question too much and just enjoy the feels.
wut
That was how mental healthcare was until pretty recently. Pretty barbaric stuff.
shutter island. 
I don't see how it's related to Shutter Island. I won't go ahead and spoil it here thuogh for anyone who still doesn't want the ending ruined, which is a pretty big deal with that movie.
wow, it was all in his head the WHOLE TIME?!.i totally never saw that coming, until th first 10 minutes of the movie
Well, if you're being sarcastic here which I assume, I totally didn't see it coming and to me it was sort of a shitty plot twist that they tought off right at the end. It wasn't one of those movies or books where you can figure out the plot twist by paying attention and see it coming from a mile away. Regardless it was a good movie.
i disagree. I saw it coming from a mile away
just in case you're not a novelty account, i only meant in broad strokes. creepy mental facility, anything goes. 
He's a schizophrenic
Spoilers Below.I read a theory where DiCaprio's character actually IS a detective and all the meds the doctors gave him for headaches effectively allowed them to brainwash him into thinking he is crazy.
Well, that's just one of the two theories there are. Insane or not insane. At the end I was just thinking "shit nigger why are you buying this they're obviously coaxing you into a snafu wtf man" but when I tought about the whole movie it did seem more logical tht he actually was insane to me.
That's what I thought after seeing it a second time. That movie was a mindfuck to me the first time around.
Di Caprio is a fucking genius star on every role like that, he nailed it in shutter island, in the aviator, in inception and related the first and that last one they're both kinda open ended, recently i saw a post where it says that the ring was the true totem of Di Caprio, and if you check the . last scene he doesn't have the ring on his hand . 
Holy crap that is a brilliant take on it..
That's literally the obvious other take. It's either he's crazy or he's not.
Well obviously, but I never considered the pills to be the cause of it. 
I believe that he was crazy from the get go, but once he came back to reality, he made his own choice to die, hence the "Is it better to live as a monster? Or die as a good man?"
It was in the smokes
Wow Op..
No fuckin shit?
Hey, thanks for ruining the post so we didn't have to even read it. 
"You can't film flam the zim zam, nigger" 
This should have been your title OP
Come on op
That last line wasn't even necessary.
you dont put the fucking punchline in the title retard

Punchline.
Title.
Op=faggot confirmed.
HL3 CONFIRMED!!!!!!!
The punchline was in the fucking image.  Are you seriously trying to say you wouldn't have known it was about Martin until the last line?
If i see this post one more time im gunna be sick
No, OP. This is shit. Fuck you. Fuck Bieber. 
Amen
Think before you shitpost, faggot.
Oh god, why does this make sense?

anon has a point
No no no, faggot OP. Ponies are the kings of /b/. 
/mlp/haggot incoming! MAN THE AA GUNS!
Damn, his arguments are solid!
I really don't get why people hate on the kid. Alright now after all his public incidents, I get why you wouldn't like him, but when he was starting off he was just being showered with hate mail..He made music that appealed to his target market and his music was catchy (don't even try and say it isn't)..The only people that hate on him are insecure 13 year old boys that can't talk to girls. So they hate on the one guy who can get any 13 year old he wants.
I only hate Bieber because he's an epic douche. I never hated him when he was a kid.
I didn't mind bieber in the beginning, he was actually good for a little kid. Then his balls dropped and he still sounds the same, and he's so full of it now. The main reason I hate him isn't because of him, but because the world has made him the over-advertised face if music, like calling him the new Michael Jackson. That part pisses me off. To top it off, he's a mega douche who actually thinks he's good.

Has someone tweeted these to him yet?
I haven't been on /b/ since Moot fucked with the background, music, and censors a few years back (multiple times). Of course I could have set it back to normal. but it was still annoying. Now I just browse /g/ and watch tripfags argue over trivial things....It's nice to know /b/ is still retarded and capable of humor. 
Faggot.

What kind of gay shit post is this? OP is a confirmed fag
Hey, we already knew that. JPEG compression for text? Fuckin' moronic.
Even after all these years /b/ still surprises me.

Has anyone ever read that entire thing?
I just read that entire thing.
And what do you make of it?
I felt unrused.
Tried to use google to find accurate meaning of the word unrused to no avail..What do you mean by it as the interwebs fail me in my time of need?
Hi there my young fellow. How are you doing? It appears to me that you are, in fact, kind of displeased with the current situation. What is it, that makes your life hard currently? Is it maybe a cause of the recent roasting of your jeromes that suddenly happened? I really have to say that this roasting wasm without any doubt, the strongest since the year 2000 hoax. Do you may have an idea why this waddling of your walters was so powerful? No? Well well well... I can for sure tell you the truth about this important event. It was ME who tricked you into this displeasement. I can hear your brain trying to comprehend who this is even possible. But, and I'm sure about this, you cannot comprehend what happened to you because it is too complex. Even Zeus and Thor were struggling finding the right way in this gigantic and evil maze of trickery. It took me 1000 years to fully write my plan down, and another 1000 to understand it. The complexity is higher than that of a 14-dimensional dodecahedron. It all starts out with the day of this legendary ruse. The day of rusement was carefully planned and calculated on this exact day. The day were an astronomical constellation appears, that will never occour  again in the next 3 googolplex years. A constellation that generates an antimatter black hole. This sort of black hole doesn't suck matter. Antimatter black holes suck the ,,well being" out of everyone. But did you see someone feeling bad today? Yes, my little fellow I created a lens that focus the power of the antimatter black hole directly on you. It took 300 years to create this extremely complex lens and I had to combine the power of god and satan to create it. But not enough with the rusement. As I'm not some faggot ruseman, I have planned even more trickery tricks to lead you into this discomfort. While you were mindlessly surfing on this /b/ i made a post that I was sure will put you in the mood of rage. This post was sprinkled with lies and intentional logical fallacies and a good portion of something you dislike seeing in your surroundings. With my ruseman instincts I already knew you were typing your response to the displeasing content you just saw. At the exact moment of sending your response you have started up the machine of displeasement and ,,not well being". A machine that once started cannot be stopped. Not by God, Not by Satan and not even by Cthulhu himself. While your comment was traveling through the cyberspace you started feeling bad. Something in your brain was screaming but you didn't know why. It was destiny that you fall for my trickery. With this message you are currently reading I am telling you something you should have thought before you were sending your pathetic comment to me. I am, in fact, A MASTER RUSEMAN GRADE 3. I was part of the ancient circle of master ruseman. I can see on your face, that you already knew this. A ruse this fantastic and gigantic cannot be done by some low grade rusenoob. Yes you have been RUSEDI by me. There were only one RUSEDI knowen to mankind until now. Can you imagine of how hard it is to do? Only two RUSEDIS were executed in the past... 3... Trillion... years! Now you finally know about this unbearable discomfort you started feeling right when you got my response. The response, this message, reveals of what has been done. You... yeah YOU... have been rused. You are powerless, you want to scream but you can't. You just sit there in a mix of rage and helplessness. You want to find this guy, this MASTER RUSEMAN GRADE 3, and y ou want to kill him. But at the exact moment of thinking, you also realize that you will never be able to even come near such a powerfull being like me. This ruse has set me into a position higher than Hades thus making me a god. Well well well... you seem even smaller now. Compare your pathetic life to me and you will realize you are nothing. You think now you might come over this rumbling of your jordans. You think you can bear it, but my devilish plan goes far deeper. Now after you've already been rused to infinity this letter discomforts you to a new level of discomfort in the moment you are reading what I wrote you realize how pathetic you are. How useless you are. With every single word youm your very SOUL gets crushed. Your soul is now demolished. God can't take you to heaven, and Satan does not want demolished slaves. Your soul i permanently banished from a real afterlife. Your soul already tryed to escape your body. But your soul cannot escape into the eternal spheres thus it will be stuck in a permanent state of dying. Every day you will suffer thinking of a way to escape this almost deadly RUSEDI, but it is too late. You are RUSED FOREVER! Yes me dear fellow, I know you want to know who is responsible for this. I will tell you my story now. I don't know where I'm from, but I know I was the first to exist, I was alone but soon a few people followed. We made a circle called MASTER RUSEMAN. Only real MASTER RUSERS were allowed to join this exquisite circle. We agreed that we will never decide who is the best MASTER RUSEMAN. But after some time I found a way to lead myfellow comrades into a tricky situation. I claimed that I'm the best MASTER RUSEMAN in the circle. It didn't take long till everyone's jacobs were rommled. After they found out was exquisity trickery was played on them, they agreed to give the one who caused this discomfort the title GOD OF RUSE. Now you will finally realize what huge impact this ruse had. You never thought that you will be, in fact, rused by a godness. Somehow you feel honored. Honored to get your gustavsons jingled by the god of all MASTER RUSEMAN. The life you know does not exist anymore you can only return a dimishing shadow of what you called your life. The rusement was too strong. Not even time itself could recover from the wounds this monumental trickery caused you. I am, for my part, pretty proud of myself. Even I had my doubts if I could make a contrivance this huge and tricky. But I did. I managed to create the most thoroughgoing RUSEDI. You have been rused by me, the ONE AND ONLY! Even after 100 years you will still remember this day. The day of THE ruse. The day the GOD OF RUSE personally made a statement, to intentionally discomfort .. SONGS WILL BE WRITTEN ON THIS MASTERFUL RUSE. . 
Good sir I wish not to impede..If there was one thing I set up it was devilish concoction of inter winding possible thoughts and processes of not one but many. You included. .There is no need to blow my trumpet if you could even comprehend what was created in this situation. Where I exclaim something you thought you had planned out. If even by mentioning something as insignificant as the Internet not being able to cater for something you decide that now, after 1000 years of planning you assume this is your ruse you created. A ruse of intense and intricate planning which I am sure has now lead to your demise. .Having minor fore-site, 1 day ago to the minute (that's why the post is being submitted now) seeing your name come to me in a vision of higher gods who have portrayed "you're" God and Satan to be all commanding with Ultimate power - you are now able to learn and understand the true meaning of trickster. .This is not to say you have wasted these last thousand years, oh no, on the contrary! Someone has been noticing this little circle of Master Ruseman, and to notice that there is always one who decides to dominate. .Someone waited, watched & debated whether or not you could create such a ruse, and how badly you could leave someone RUSESI. And you played your game well, well enough for us to take notice, little one..However you must get that it was not I who was tricked, manipulated or managed in some form or other. And that you good sir, have been monitored, as we believe you could be a potential candidate in our Ambi-verse (a universe of universes) as a Anti-Rusegulator. As of course it takes someone to create ruse, it takes someone amazing to create a ruse such as the one you have been working on..However you will need to give up all ruse creating and honor yourself to the Ambi-verse of our nation, where we will continue training you to become an Absolute. With the power to see and predict, to convince and contradict, and to manage situations you could not even comprehend right now with your limited knowledge of what it takes to manage tasks of ultimate destruction caused by single thoughts taking action! .I do therefor ask you to concentrate on what I say next, as it's not to be taken lightly. .We are the keepers, we are limited in what we know and what we can do. We are to detect and remove threats like the ruse you so cleverly created within our areas that we are designated. There is a spot available in the high realm. As there is a weak spot in armor we intend to fill the high realm to it former glory with all advocates needed. However as you may have guessed we are short one Absolute. .Your tasks would not be simple. There are many things to you unknown. But your task is this, to balance all universes. It takes one of dedication, commitment and unadulterated thoughts. You would be required to stop living life as you know it. To be an Absolute would require centuries on on-job training, complete celibacy, genuine power, ruse control, an ambient thought process and a cat (optional)..Your self proclaimed title "God of Ruse" has been agreed, we have seen nothing like it through out our millennia of ruling. Therefor you may keep that as an assisted title to Absolute, in accordance with the rules of the high realm. .If you do however agree to take on this power of commander and watcher over the Ambi-verse, we do request you release said "God & Satan" as for you to undo your own work is easier than one of us having to decipher the entire ruse to release these minuscule Gods back to the republic of 9. They, although have power, have nothing compared to that of which I have in my little left toe-nail, yet they still play a major part in a plan of complete extinction of religious people and religions. As this is a great portion of region 9, we expand people from being limited to believing in just themselves and their plant and open them to a more in-depth universe that they are currently residing in..They could never comprehend something as almighty as the Ambi-verse I speak of, and even here and now speaking in this restricted form of a language I cannot express the full amount of what there is for you to come to know..You must first start by learning the language of the real Gods, the ultimate communication in the high realm..Please return with your reply in the mail, our postmen know where you are, and where to deliver the letter to. .Kind regards
The Keeper of region 9
I wrote this whole text in one go, from the OP screencap, in a half hour solid without looking or correcting. .It was a borderline religious experience..I am now a prophet of the ruse. .Write this text unto thineself my brothers, and your minds will be set free.
half hour?.Fucking amateur.

DAE Porschemonkeys?
And while the zoo keepers were distracted, Jimmy, the oldest of the monkeys, made his escape posing as a wheelbarrow pusher. 
it's not even a monkey...it's an ape, played lads
I am a horrible person for laughing at that as hard as I did.
Seeing this pic and reading the comments has made death seem a little less painless. Thanks. I also find it bizarre that I hold more respect for every living being in that picture...and probably the dead one, than any of the people who posted "funny" comments on this thread. I shit on your nans.
Jesus Christ. The joke isn't really that funny, ill get that out of the way right now..That is one of the creepiest fucking pictures I've ever seen. It reminds me of a time I went to the zoo to see the new gorillas. One of the silverbacks was staring at people, so I went behind a pillar to find a better window. When I got there, I noticed he was looking right at me, so I went back to the other one. His eyes found me again. I changed positions a third time, and this time his eyes were waiting for me at the next window. He just stared right into my eyes, not doing anything. That shit was too heavy for meridiculously smart animals that obviously understand that they are caged. In fact, I haven't been back since.
animals understand death, they don't understand sudden absence. seeing the dead body helps them heal faster.
HAHA BLACK PEOPLE ARE MONKEYS THIS TOTALLY NEVER GETS OLD
trayvon is kill.
Can anyone link me the original photo? 
dae??
Ironically I have been to that chimp sanctuary
Spit my drink out
Dammit the thumbnail actually made it look like tray-tray.
 has thumbnails?
Imgur does.
And all links have thumbnails if enabled on mobile devices in apps like Alien Blue. 
I'm not sure if it does by default, but I turned on universal thumbnails on my settings as opposed to using the subreddit's media preferences.
Then why are people upvoting it faggot?
See: Every other post



This is dumb. 
Not Ironically youre a faggot.
Will Smith son is died?
Jamie Fox?
I didn't read that out until I printed and cut out 12 of them. I am not a smart man.
Would those even work?
Non ameri-fag here, so i don't know.
Someone always explains it in the coupon threads, do ill do the tl;dr. Since you are not technically making the coupons, you are not technically responsible: it's a grey area in the law. So, yes, you can use these, but you need a story to go with it (e.g. I took a survey and got these). If you use them on small items, and if the coupons are only a certain percent off, you'll be just fine.
I'm not sure, They say limit one, so first come first serve, most likely.
Yes, the coupons on 4chan work. Just dont use the unbelievable ones.
I used to run a subreddit where people posted these, and they aren't limit one, and they don't work in countries besides america. Different product codes.
hmmm interesting, i'm going to go to walmart and try this out.
Because they're free, if you decide to use a self checkout, the attendant will be called over to check them. Just telling you.
Just hope Zimmerman isn't the attendant.
WOT
wat
Or you could use like, a real mirror.
Wut?
Lol I think these are reports of the same image onto reddit, but then I see this was posted today and I realize it's a bigger faggot reposting on 4chan
This is old.
Dude... We know.
It's old.
WAT
huh?

do not get
Hemerrhoids.
Oh that makes sense, thanks. 
I don't understand, you've never lost your ass mirror?.
I couldn't find mine two weeks ago at work and had to go all the way home to shit.
Old copypasta
Fold Moppypasta
Years old, no less.
Old copypasta
Old copypasta
cold Opypasta
cold Opypasta
cold pastaOpy
Pasta copyold
Cold Play
Mold Shopypasta
Cold antipasto
Old copy spaghetti 
antipesto

What are you implying? I'm way too fucking stupid for this.
implying that anon is a house rather than at a female friends house
I did get that. How does it relate to the rest of the story? What (one or two) part of the house went into her butt? 
Dude you are beyond help
Not sure why I thought I'd find answers in the comments.
If post ending in proper punctuation then finding answers in the comments is a meme is not a meme.
Thank you very much
Hemorrhoids
Are you a witch?
Are you a fag?
I have a feeling you're 14. I don't know why, but it's there. You're definitely 14.
K.
Saw "Politician" - Expected him to fire the 20% who weren't black. 
If he was a manager, he would have been notified that day if someone was a no call / no show, and he most definitely would have been notified that day if it had been 9 people.
Yeah because not going to work will solve the problem, now you have hundreds of people without daily doubles, which in my opinion is a bigger travesty.
Base OP
glorious!
Why isn't he happier to have fired them? That face is barely content.
Happy Zimmerman Day everybody! 
Someone came into the grocery store wearing a black panther shirt yesterday 
oh man that was fucking hilarious, I didnt really read past "be a mcdonalds manager" though 
Quitting your minimum wage job will surely show the Man you mean business!
it's the best they can get 
The only riots I've seen are /pol/fags and stormfront shitboxes.
OP is fake based..Bitch Mob task force reppin!
Is there a banana republic within 5 miles of you?  Is there mayonnaise in your fridge?  Are there more banks in your hometown than pawn shops?  If you answered yes to any of these questions, you live much too far away from any real hood niggas for your observations to be relevant.
Its a hive mind thing. 
Lazy. Fucking. Niggers. 


9 black people with jobs?  ...oh wait.
"Only a fool would take anything posted here as fact."
That's /b/ you newfag
"White man keeping me down!"

Firing 9 people at once at a fast food restaurant? As someone who worked in fast food for a long time, I want to know how they managed to fill the schedule after that...
And I want to know why they never even hired me when shit like this goes down. Fuck.
It sounds realistic.  I'm sure the manager didn't get fired after he fired 80% of his workforce and his boss went into the red for two weeks.   
Seems like he was having trouble filling the schedule with 9 no-shows
Seriously, I would be all up on the manager's dick for that position
As a manager, one or two weeks of bullshit combined with a hiring fair and dedicated, effective training and the culling is complete! Sometimes it's necessary to nuke the restaurant, so you can rebuild 
Probably borrow employees from other nearby stores of the same brand? At least until you rehired enough.
Doesn't work like that.
I have worked at Maccas myself, and it absolutely does..My restaurant got offered shifts at the one across the road and vice-versa occasionally.
A lot aren't owned by the same person, but yeah occasionally this works. I should have added that "this doesn't always work like that". 
Yes it does. It definitely does at times.
McDonalds is a franchise. It means its owned by some guy, not the corporation. .Perhaps if this was one of those McDonalds that was owned by a guy who owned like 8 McDonalds this could work. Even then, good luck convincing someone not working a corporate position to cover at another McDonalds, let alone 9 people.
McDonald's is a franchise, but they do maintain ownership of select venues.
Don't give them the choice, bear in mind that these are mostly gonna be young adults/teens, it doesn't take much to persuade them.
Bleh, its wrong but likely how its done.
Oh. TIL
Fag
>implying it's a true story
I doubt a 'fag' just rolled in and fixed the problem.  There were probably some serious scheduling issues after that... faggot
You mean... after that fag got in the store?



Reminds me of the guy that did the nigger captcha in a meeting.

Well the #1 reason that I would have fired them in the first place was because they put me in a position where I was NINE PEOPLE short that day. FUCK THAT. .There are always people looking to take their places.
Must be one huge ass McD's or really overstaffed one. I used to work at one and 9 people is basically an entire shift.
I don't know that I have ever seen 9 people on at the McDonald's I have lived around, haha. But it WAS posted on 4chan.. so...
who gives a fuck its McDonalds

who gives a fuck they're black
Best Zimmerman nonsense I've seen all day

Good god man
can't flim flam the zim zam!!
Can't simmer the Zimmer.
haha, me me
so you faggots are telling me we're all subscribed to the same sub? 


I'd watch it.
Free skittles at the concession stand on opening night
Can't nig-nog, the zim-dog
He'd rehire them after they reapplied.  You think a white person can tell the difference between black people?
Sure, just look at the weird-ass monkey hair
Or the tatoos on their faces.
Or the serial numbers on the orange jumpsuits.
or the belts strapped onto their ankles so that their pants don't fall off

You can't simmer the Zimmer
You can't zim zam the Zimmerman.
You can't flim flam the zim zam


The only green is  

420youreafaggot
420BlazeItNigger
420toplel
8-(
8-(
They remind me of my mom, now that sounds kinda weird cause the smell of cigarettes also turns me on.
8-(
8-(
8-())
7-(
8-C
8-(
8-(
8-(
8-(
8-(
8-(
8-(
8-(
8-(
8-(
8-(
8-(
8-(
8-(
It reminds me of Cedar Point. Hi. 
8-(
8-(
8-(
8-)
Well that sure is a shitty excuse for a smoke.
8-(
8-(
8-(
8-(
8-(
8-(
)-7 amidoinitritegise????
8===D
8-(
8-(
8-(
ZAOMG, EPIK COMBOZ U GUIZ .TEH SPORK OF DOOOOM LOLOLOLOL.SOOOOO RANDUM! ANOMALUS IS LEEJUN .ROW ROW YOUR BOAT FIGHT FOR POWER.I HERD U LYKE MUDKIPZ.HOW BOUT DEM PEDOBEARD .OH NO ITS KRIS HASLEM ROMGLMAOX
8-(
/thread
8-(
8'-(
8-(
8-(
8-(
Was obvious where this was going after the first couple lines. 
Damn it now the songs stuck in my head/10.
Why did i not see this coming? XD
that story was bad and you should feel bad
lol XD 10/10 funny men!!!
hint: don't fucking use XD, it makes you look like a faggot and a tool..You're welcome.
/THREAD 10/10 XD
no

How young are these Anons? I'm 19 and I'm too old to get this reference...
I'm 26 and I got it. Watch more cartoons. They're good for you.
Like vegetables, but they don't come in wheelchairs.
any one else see Danny and knew wtf was going to happen?
Its danny phantom
Yeah we fucking knew
I was thinking of doing this exact same thing a few days ago. fucker beat me to it..so yes I did know what was happening.
omfgas a black man, I LOL'd real good.
Holy fuck my sides, I can't stop laughing at work
omfgas a twin tower, I LOL'd real good.
Why does this make me want to buy some watermelon Arizona and skittles?
This is poor taste at its finest 
 for anyone looking.


"Are you afraid of it"."No I just don't like techno"."You would if you had robot ears"
At least I can still enjoy Loveless, that was made by vacuum cleaners.
what a shit board.
It's pretty good for stirring up shit.
Why? One of the best boards on 4chan imo.
You serious? I was only kidding.

Commenting for later listening. 
Two. Hours. 

I like how it's called IDM - intelligent dance music, when it's neither intelligent, made for dancing, nor music.
euphoric dance music
music to configure the resolution of your secondary monitor to
... surely you can't be serious. i'll agree on the dancing part, but that might just be my whiteness

Oh lord. Could you be anymore pleb?


Could not agree with this more. /mu/ pretty much hates on everything ever.
Would have to disagree partly. They are much more open to rap/hip hop than r/music 
More open is an understatement. Half of the threads on /mu/ are hip-hop. Not that I hate hip-hop, I just haven't taken the time to listen to any of it really. 
Compare a pile of shit to r/music it still better
You could probably find better music on mainstream radio than r/music.
mainstream radio plays decent music now that alternative rock bands are getting popular again. .I think the problem is that they replay songs straight to hell. I like Atlas Genius but I don't need to hear Trojans in my head, or If So 5 times a day. .But fuck .. 
Butt fuck r/music.HEY OHHH

[deleted]
I don't know. My neighbor has a name close to that. You should see what he has to deal with online.
Thanks for pointing that out.  I don't think anyone would have known otherwise.  
If you don't have one you should make it an early Xmas gift to yourself. These should be included with iPhones, IMO. 
10/10 would put penis in
Dad dicks are huge brah
You have to crosspost this to r/breakingbad
That sounds alot like the plot ending of The Shield, so I doubt this one is correct.
Actually makes a lot of sense since in MITM when lois goes away, he starts being destructive and never sleeps. And was "wild" before lois got her hands on him.
im........im.......ok with this.....
i guess meth really does make you gay
This explains why you never know where they live in Malcolm in the Middle.
Or their last name.
It's Wilkerson.  They printed it on Francis' name tag in the Pilot and then never used/mention it again.
But it's already confirmed that Walt kills Jesse. 
FUCK YOU TO HELL
He's lying dude
no it's not.... liiiiieeeeeesssssss
hover zoom is a great extension
I have it disabled for .. The default RES photo viewer is miles ahead.
Here's how it goes. Walter's cancer has returned. He was taking meds in the flashforward. His beard isn't trimmed and hair is growing. Obviously he is on the run. A gun is in his car. It's in case he finds Hank. He'll kill him. "All good things must come to an end". Hank is good. He dies. Oh yeah. This is a spoiler.
Fuck you 
Don't worry, it's not.
Fuck you no it's not
Alternatively,

Please don't. The show is in it's off-season and . gets a lot of shitty posts like this everyday. There are billions (with a b) of different greentext predictions from 4chan that have been submitted to the ., many of them being reposts.  I've seen this exact greentext about 10 times already.
Lel
Such original. 
Have seen this idea floating around since 2 seasons ago :/ I figured everyone had heard the joke by now as well
Having never seen even a single episode of the series, but knowing the premise, the obvious thing would be that the guy with inoperable lung cancer dies of cancer.
It was benign
There are much bigger threats to his life than that.
This is probably the most likely ending; a big middle finger to the character of walt. being completely stripped of his control and unable to do anything about it, dying completely powerless and without anyone to stand by him. 
I haven't even considered that possibility until now.
It went into remission two seasons ago..
It's a non-subject right now. There are much more interesting plot lines.
The last episode of Season 5 literally showed him getting a CAT Scan..They've been dropping hints all over the place that the cancer is returning, his wife even said she was waiting for it to return.
Yeah also he starts coughing alot in the last few episodes 
The season 5 premiere started with that flash-forward to a year later, where he was taking meds and coughing again..It could very well be a big part of the finale.
The important question is: Did Walt already know how to rollerskate dance or did he learn it as part of his cover up?
The fly comes back too for revenge. Remember when he's driving in MITM? That fly is a basterd. Well the fly reincarnated into a bee obviously.
this kid in the pics seems nice
you seem like a dick
haha oh wow boy, you sure told 'em!
My sides. There nowhere to be seen.
This may be an antique post, but it made me piss myself laughing no less.
yep, that sounds like England pretty much, only thing I like about the place is the fish and chips.
this just isn't funny anymore. 
What does HRH stand for? Henrietta R. Hippo?
Her Royal Highness. It took me a minute.
I laughed.
 is used in the wrong context here, it's slang for Christmas..Source: I'm a britbong and my knickers are in a twist.
I just figured they were on holiday in London on Christmas day.
I've never been to London, but it sounds different from Co. Durham.
Yeah there's less inbreeding.
This is posted once a month.
Hurrrr im from English stop making fun of brittin it's not cool m8
He's talking about the fact that it's an old as dirt repost.  It's been on this sub about 65 times already.  
Ok
I'm from the US, cunt.
I don't give a shit what you like.
I don't shit if shit if you shit a shit you shitting shitfag
spoiled by the use of "en masse" at the end. Fucking french
So you're telling me I can repost the six bong story at will and nobody will realize it's old as fuck?  Free karma here I come!
This is older than Moot. 
Be careful when handling this antique of a post
[deleted]
Did you just downvote every other comment so your comment would be on top? Yes, you did. FTFY..
Incredible faggotry.
I don't think FTFY means what you think it does. 
[deleted]

The faggot doth protest too much.
[deleted]
Do whatever bullshit you want, brah, but expect to get called out once in a while.
[deleted]

[deleted]

I have a thing for clowns...
I have a thing for that clown.
You're the man.
I want that picture. 
Oh I have it
I WANT THAT CAKE
THE CAKE IS A LIE!
Man... I remember 2007
I hate how racist 4chan is. What, does every user there live in the freaking South, 50 years ago?
If you think it's racist, then you're the problem. 
How am I the problem? And I hope you're being sarcastic.
because calling a black nigger is the same as calling a whitey trailer trash
You're not really that retarded are you
your of the highest(lowest?) form of mental retardation to ignore truth- go and educate yourself before you continue to embarrass yourself.
Oh god I just cringed.You should stop, you fucking weeaboo
yes, you should stop, /fa/ggot
I'm sure they will storm the Matterhorn.
If riots break out anywhere near Disney land, I bet Disney would have their own militia on standby. 
[deleted]
Hard on, nice.
I live near LA and there aren't any riots. There are a handful of people with picket signs and that's it. 
There was no riot, ain't that just like a racist asshole to assume black people will be violent. (See: Zimmerman). Stay out of LA if you don't have any more sense than that, we're fine without you.
Man, I'm planning on going on vacation to Hollywood and OC and LA area and shit, those damned dirty apes need to un-rustle their mo' fuckin jimmies before me and the GF visit.
Why do I feel like singing the national anthem? 
Are you clapping?
People in these comments taking this completely serious...
Don't worry, Disneyland is in Orange County, where George Zimmerman's birthday is soon to be a local holiday.
poor poor anon
Orange County =/= LA, we put up barriers for that crap.
The riots started? Grab your guns, we're going out to do some cleansin'
Why, that sounds so romantic. 

"Chimp-out" is such an amazing turn of phrase. 
I came here wondering what that phrase is supposed to mean. Apparently everyone else already knows.
'Chimp' (black person) + 'flip out' or something similar I think. Derogatory term for black people rioting.
nigger riot
[deleted]
that's completely retarded why would it be that?
Gosh, everyone's trying to hype this up so much when there's nothing there. "US hit by civil unrest after Zimmerman verdict". It feels so forced. Like some people descended on to the street and milled around and one window was smashed and that's the most anyone could muster out of the situation. Just a bunch of crying people with signs in some places and that's it.
Anaheim is such a shithole. I had to stay there for a week about a year ago, the only interesting thing there is Disneyland.
Story of Orange County..I grew up there for most of my life, but unless you're rich or you like beaches there's jack shit to do. Nice place, but it's seriously like 90% suburbs and strip malls.
Hey, don't bash the Spectrum. They have a ferris wheel and target and shit.
Eh, it's alright, but even then it's essentially just an oversized mall. Again, if you have money Orange County is alright, but for college-aged people it's pretty boring and expensive. 
Dude, is the ripley's believe-it-or-not museum still on Beach Blvd?
Hey man, Knott's Berry Farm isn't too far away...
Knotts is pretty shitty as well.
At least it's less boring than Disneyland. 
True but I almost got jumped there and the food is way shittier.
But snoopy
A group of nig-nogs is called a niggle.
You're a horrible human being with no real future.  
Ha ha!  Yes, yes!  Let the hate flow through you, fag!
Yes...like the cocks that flow through you. 
Oh no!  A whole bag of cocks?  Is that the same one that your mother had to suck to obtain the failed abortion that you've become?  Or are those the ones that she anonymously rode to inseminate herself with the substandard, diseased zygote that eventually metastasized into you?  
No, I don't believe it's the same one.  Thanks for asking though.  
the more you know
And knowing is half the battle!
Someone needs to make one of those fake GI JOE PSA's with Treyvon.
The future part may be true but he doesn't seem too bad
I guess bad is a relative term.  I DO get on the Internet and hurl racial epithets.  I DON'T murder, rob, rape, lie, cheat or steal in the real world.  Maybe I just need a little understanding as to what my people have been through, and the socio-economic factors that have led to my current state of mind is. 
I was joking. I don't give a donkey's nutsack what you do or think
I know.  I wasn't looking for a friend.

Ok, now I want you to be my bestest of friends.  
(   )
It's a good thing Disneyland is in OC and not LA

Original Content? Does that mean faggots have never been to Disney Land?
Mickey hates fags
Don't call it that.
Looks like someone has the OC disorder...
No one in California gives a shit if you call it OC, only people outside of California think it sounds pretentious due to television. It's an acronym...
Yep. To us it's just another county. Orange County is too long and Orange is ambiguous because there's also a city called Orange. OC is OC, and it has been since long before that show existed. 
Same with LA. After I lived in LA for a year, I moved back to Colorado and people here would say that it sounded pretentious to call it LA, and that no one in Los Angeles actually called it that. Mother fucker I just got back from living there. 
They are quoting Arrested Development.
I never hear people say Los Angeles lol.
It's ok as long as I don't put a "the" in front
Saw that thread on /k/ the best part of the thread is that the rest of the thread was people trying to figure out what bottom bitch meant
I'm not entirely sure my self.
Anal sex toy. "Toy" not being literal.
No,Bottom Bitch is the Pimp's key girl,who works as a secondary pimp,fucks the pimp,and helps keep the girls in line.
As with many things in "black culture," it's ass-backwards and should be "top bitch."
you can only have one
The bottom bitch is the pimp's favorite ho. 
Did you never watch the South Park episode where Butters had a bottom bitch?
That the one were he made some mother fucking money?
Yes I know what you are saying.
Anon's biggest mistake is that they're going to Disney. instead of Disney.. 
How much better is world than land?  
Not much
A lot.
Bull crap. WDW is infinitely better, so much bigger with a ton more stuff to do. 
Yeah but at Disneyland I saw some carrot top looking white boy with a super hot asian girl and I cried myself to sleep that night..So yeah, DisneyWorld is better.
For me they are both equally shit because I have to cross the border into your shitty country.
It's not our fault you're Mexican.
Wrong border.
...Obviously, Mexico doesn't have computers.
Irony here is that I'm canadian.

You shut your whore mouth. 
Are you insinuating that Disneyland is superior to Disneyworld? Because that would make you WRONG.
Disneyland is superior in many ways. Mainly you can get there without going to Florida.
All of you pussies are too scared to go to a place where old people go to retire. 
its not the prunes that scare me, its the batshit locals

in case you dont know, the batshit in america congregates into specific areas..florida is at the top of the nopelist
Nah, Detroit, LA, NYC are all way higher on the nope list..If you think Oveido is anything like Miami is anything like Panama City Beach is anything like Overtown is anything like Havana... You're retarded.
bullshit, ive been to both detroit and NYC and they are fine locations(save for the niggers)
its stupid to compare the too. Disney world is a far better park, because it was built to be a resort. but disneyLAND is the original. its like comparing the eiffel tower in paris to the eiffel tower in vegas. Size aside, Vegas is more luxurious but paris is the original. (
You're so gay you'd love to sit on the Eiffel Tower.
Why do you underestimate him
You're right, he'll sit on one and blow the other.
That would require setting foot in Florida. And nobody wants to do ..
Trayvon learned that the hard way
Especially not in summer. That shit will crush your soul
The humidity is hellish
Please Mr. Marketing Exec make Borderlands 3 set in a hellish satirical Florida.
Are there even riots? Haven't heard anything about there being riots.
Im not 100% sure, but I heard that they had to close down portions of freeways because people were literally marching up the on ramps. 
Last night in Oakland and in LA from what I heard. Oakland was more severe. LA shut down the 10 freeway for awhile (which is a capital offense to many angelenos) and threw rocks and batteries at police. 
I live in LA and haven't seen a goddamn thing. That said I never leave the Hollywood Hills for any reason. There are blacks down on the flat lands and crime don't climb.
Listening to the local news last night. Apparently like one bottle and one rock were thrown at police officers last night. I know LA can riot better than that. I seent it. 
Can confirm. I was on the 10 near Culver City when they marched on and caused the freeway to stop. I'm sure the assholes got their message across to the 10-15 cars that could actually see them. 
This situation would terrify me. I think I would lose my mind and plow into them, while in a rage and laughing. I would be in so much trouble. 
Reminds me of the bit on the Blues Brothers where you first see the Illinois Nazis.
There have been some small groups rioting in Oakland and LA. But it doesn't take much to set those assholes off. Any excuse to break shit...
In Oakland they just beat some dude and broke some store windows and lit a BART security car on fire. That's a quiet day for the bay.
Yep. Living in the Bay Area, that how I know the weekend is over. 
Yeah, I was at the bar downtown Oakland on Saturday when they announced the verdict on TV. .I was like: "Check Please!"
There are protests here in dallas with the motto, "justice for trayvon"
Dallas? Dammit I have to go downtown in like an hour, hopefully I don't have to deal with nigs. 
juice for trayvon
What the fuck is .?
Gimme some grape drank!
Ingredients: sugar, water, purple. 
purple*
You mean Iced tea right?
He had a watermelon beverage, you dumbass. 
 watermelon iced tea. Dumbass.
That's not iced tea, man. 
Arizona drinks are iced tea. Unless you want to get idiotically specific about what counts as iced tea.
Mostly, I classify Iced Tea as a drink that has iced tea in it.  Watermelon does not have iced tea in it.  So....
Ah, I see. I must have had . confused with one of 

Skittles for Trayvon
Get him dat lean!
a protest is usually a riot waiting to happen, especially when it's done by . overly emotional people
Not when it's hot out. 
Doesn't violent unrest typically take place when it is hot?.I know violent crimes typically increase with temperature. (.)

sorry, i'll correct it.a protest is . a riot waiting to happen.
Well, now you're just dumb. 
I was just in a predominate black part of Chicago yesterday. I was with some friends who liked to smoke and a black guy came up to us and offered us a lighter. That was it. 
That's a modern day torch-carrying mob.
I have a feeling you would be a great headline maker for CNN. 
"High paying job handed to random internet commenter because of ties within anonymous community"

protest=/=riot
Protest = Riot with black people though. Trust me, it's gonna escalate to looting. Just like in London. 
thanks obama
Ya, I know. That's why I said, "there are protests" not "there are riots", I know the difference.
Tell that to the media.
Please explain to me what "the media" is, because you clearly have no idea what it is. "The media" is not Fox News, CNN, and msnbc. "The media" is ALL forms of media combined into one. Generalizing them all into one is like saying the onion is the same as NPR (it's not). If you are using a source of information that you don't like, think is bullshit, biased, etc. then find a different source, don't sit there and make yourself look like a fucking retard by saying "waaaah the media did this and that!".Need help finding an unbiased, good source of information? Try Reuters, they aren't usually very biased and don't blow things out of proportion.
Poor choice of words, I suppose.
I respectfully disagree with you. Every information source has its own bias, even Reuters. The best solution is to not rely on one, but many  from NPR to the Onion and everything in between, including CNN, Fox News, and MSNBC. Youll find many with which you agree, many with which you disagree so much that it is painful, but if you are lucky  if you are really, really lucky  you will have your perspective augmented.
that wasn't my main point, but okay. And I also said "aren't usually very biased," not "not biased at all."
I understood your main point; the media is all of it. I disagree with your recommendation. Im sure you could find people from various political persuasions who could point out consistent biases from Reuters. But if a person actually paid attention to the media, they would understand that the biases are countless and varied.
I am fully aware that every source has a bias; I've already said this, not to mention that my job is entirely based on media. Reuters is usually pretty unbiased, but of course there are people who could point out some bias. But, it is far less present than what people are normally talking about when they say "the media" (CNN, Fox News, msnbc, BBC)
This depends on your perspective. Im sorry that it is difficult for me to explain. A persons perspective determines what biases they perceive. One person might believe that MSNBC is usually pretty unbiased; another person might believe that Fox News is usually pretty unbiased; and so on. You seem to believe that Reuters is usually pretty unbiased  that is your perspective, but not everyone shares your perspective. Once again, Im sorry that this is difficult for me to explain.

Or obama
Or the government.
Disneyland is so far from anywhere there would be any kind of unrest in the Los Angeles area, it's ridiculous. It's not even in the same ..
Sweet...thanks for the tip
He's probably gonna land at LAX and then drive up there or something. 
It's in The OC.
don't call it that
I've never heard anybody here call it that. Not once. Never. The show wasn't even filmed here, thankfully.
Really? I call it that. Ill say The Valley for sfv, i call anything east of that 626 and 818, south as NoHo and WeHo. Maybe im just weird.
I hear it a lot on commercials for auto dealers...
Wait...  There is unrest in LA right now?
what is a chimpouts?
It's what black people go nuts and act mad niggerish.
Ya Anaheim is a fair distance from LA. Good point. 
Yea, like, a 30 minute drive is toooo long for me.
Ya but Micky mouse is black, I wouldn't risk it.
hoho, you wanna get a-fyucked up?
Orange County is like LA's little pussy brother.
As someone who lives in OC and is originally from Detroit I can confirm Orange County is pretty pussy.
Rich brother*
Some parts of orange county are fucking ghetto man.
North Orange County doesn't count as Orange County, man.
We surround those so none of the ick gets out.
Except that all of the really rich people live in LA.
Yeah, Newport Coast used to be up there, but its gone downhill I guess.
You mean like Kobe right? Oh wait....he lives in OC..There are plenty of rich people in Orange County, they live in Newport, Laguna Beach, Coto De Caza, Canyon Crest etc etc. 
 
So since he's not on Forbes TOP NET WORTH LIST he isn't rich? Sure thing. My point was plenty of rich people live in OC. Your list actually proves that too.
But not REALLY rich, because those have been proven to overwhelmingly reside in Los Angeles.
OC Residents: .Los Angeles County Residents: .I'm pretty sure its safe to say that when you have over 3 times as many residents that there are bound to be "more" rich people in one area. My point is relative to the population size OC has a good amount of "rich" people who live there. I don't consider only people on a forbes list to be "rich" either.

pussy, rich brother.
Pussy-rich brother.
Pussy-rich brother.
Aye aye that is correct.
Nay Nay that is incorrect.
Anaheim isn't LA.
Even so, I live in LA and haven't seen any rioting...
It's part of the LA Metropolitan area. Yes it isn't part of the city, but people who live in Anaheim are counted as living in the LA area.
Nope. Orange County.
Concurred. Most definitely Orange County. Game set match
....... To non-SoCal people (they call the whole area LA mostly) and people who count demographics, Anaheim is part of the LA Metro area.
Is San Diego part of the LA area then?
No, San Diego is not part of the LA metro area.
Especially in this case where OC is just white conservatives who would love to diddle with Zimmerman's fiddle.
I live a block from the "rioting" and I haven't seen any rioting.
Which is why the los angeles angels of Anaheim pisses me off to no end. 
As an Angeleno (and a Dodger fan) nothing pisses me off more than the Angels co-opting my city.   I've taken to just calling them the Disneyland Angels.  
Don't worry the sentiment goes both ways. Were not happy either.
Don't worry we still call them Anaheim Angels down here
I have heard that so often that I thought that was the name of the team.
It was til 2005
That explains an awful lot.
One of my buds is a lifelong Dodgers fan who (rightfully, I might add) will go to his grave denying the Angels' LA-ness. Any time his jimmies need a little rustling, I ask him whether he minds rooting for LA's number 2 team.
Tell that to the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim. 
They're actually just the LA Angels now.  Fuck them.
The The Angels Angels
of Anaheim.
In LA. 
Of California
Of the US of A America. 
they'll be devastated 
They are every game

Omg. Source please
It's from a 60s show called The Thunderbirds.
beat me to it..edit: FOUND THE RIGHT ONE

Can't flim-flam the zim-zam

Fuckin flawless. But now Im done seeing this kind of shit. 
10/10
Zimmerman is a master at gorilla warfare because he only shoots apes
I just want to say, I was here for this. 
I came.
Fucking flawless greentext
liek dis if u cri evrytim.
Yeah 

OP is a true autist. I applaud his skills.
That was fucking poetic
Outstanding work
Holy mother of fuck 10/10. 
Today OP was a pretty cool guy.
Moon cricket, knuckle dragger? Holy shit these are 4chan gold. Terribly hilarious
10/10 well done.

There is a time and a place for everything, but that is an exception. Ponies are never needed.
an hero pl0x
Off yourself 
This is not the place for that, mah brony.
10/10, would read again
3/5 would read again
Navy seal copypasta precision:
I think that every faggot here might have picked up something about the pasta. 
Fuck off.
wtf does point-sixes mean?.edit: thank you fine gentlemen for clearing this up for me.
Gee, thanks. No one here knew what he was talking about!
Point six = 0.6 = 3/5
I've never seen 3/5 used as a racist term... da fuck am I missing?
Retard. 
Back in the day slaves were considered 3/5 of a person
Not just slaves, freed blacks in the south were as well.
TIL; I am 5/5th's
Thanks to the wu tang clan 
Tree fiddy. It's to mock black Loch Ness monster.s 

I'm impressed.
i cried. too beautiful.
the first letter of every sentence = icing on a magnificent cake 
Shit, I did not see that coming at all. Usually you can kinda tell when they make these because the sentences feel kinda forced, but this was perfectly smooth.
Fuckin great
wow thanks for contributing to the conversation. the stories on 4chan are great the people on the other hand are just kids who think they are hard by going to 4chan.
Yea there's no need to be such a stupid douche canoe. 
Couldve left it at what you said in the first sentence dipshit
Made /v/ history, feelsgoodman.jpg
I bet those apes didn't even answer his question.
I won't comment on the quality of get threads, but being there for this was pretty fun.
What a disappointing get
The get really crash landed. Seriously.
What did you expect? niggers tongue my anus v2?
Hmm.. I'd go searching for this one, but I dread the droll results I'd get.
Bah, get threads aren't made to be great, they're just really hilarious to witness
What does this multitagging do anyway? I always see threads showing this but don't understand, even on 4chan
And it's about fucking pikmin. Can't get better

more importantly it's about the Wii U.NINTENDO MASTER RACE 
huh.
Your an idiot
You fucking idiot. 
Implying this happened, there is no way a 23 yo virgin gets a 9/10, or his standards are not realistic.
She's a keeper

He reminds me of Butters
Man I saw this thread. It was kind of awesome.
Ive never done it in the back hole either.. messiness would ruin everything..
Crop...
ITT: Autist think this is legit.  
ITT: Autists caring about if it's fake or not
I'm Autistic and even I know this is fake.
That's the weak point 
Fake and gay
OP is a faggot
Look at the comedian over here. 
wow! what a witty and original comment! 
I don't know, this one seems real.
23 year old virgin lands 9/10 gf.  There's a reason op never had sex before.  It's because he can't land anything better than his hand.  A 9/10 just is too far.also not getting laughed at when cumming whilst putting on a condom
Maybe OP's just got a 9/10 hand, and maybe that condom just felt really good. It could have been one of those fancy pre-lubricated ones.
Maybe he's so beta that his 9/10 is the equivalent to the average male's 4/10? It's all about perspective.
It's real.  I was there.
can confirm, I was the condom
4Chan is the real deal
Did you come up with that one yourself?
[deleted]
I've seen high school dropouts with more class than you. 
people on the internet are idiots
You're a faggot. 
Sodomites... 
sodomaybes?
what the fuck you disgusting shit
Reported.
Gross dude.
You need to get help dude. Some lines should not be crossed.
Jesus christ, dude, that's messed up.
She poops out of there.
Oh fuck man that's just not right
That's messed up
Just simply by judging you by your name, are you this anon?
That's an absolutely disgusting thing to want.
Pervert.
You disgust me.


Holy shit my ex used to pull this shit all the time
19 VM on 2/7.  Nineteen.
25 actually. 6 were in just past midnight on the 8th.
After a couple I clicked at the last and I expected to hear a gunshot or at least some voice from the trunk of the car driving towards the bridge. I was dissapoint.

Why was it removed?
The reference to the underwear, I guess.
could have been that they mentioned "emily" by name
2001, such a conservative age.
that website is so old fashioned holy shit
The recordings are from 2001, holy shit... its like time traveling! 
I read "check Napster" and got a little dizzy.
I'll let you in on a secret: this is all a joke and it didn't happen. It's all formulated to create the perfect girl(hot, accepting, into anal) I'm the eyes of most men and then to have OP blow her off for something most see as a benefit. .Why am I telling you this? You lack social skills, emotional intelligence, and maturity. Your entire comment history consists of pokemon discussion and bad grammar. Do yourself a favor and Google how to interact socially(I'm dead serious - not insulting you with this suggestion). .And to think, I'm sacrificing precious comment karma to help some neckbeard no-life. 
damn.get wrekt m8
What the fuck did he say?
Something like "y did he say no 2 anal." .And his comment history is gay as fuck.
Haha, do you have a link to his profile?
Sorry, no. I forgot his username.
u avin a gigl m8? i swer on me mum ill hook u rite n th gaber if u dnt shut ur kunt mouth m8. ill beat u proper nd nik ur creps. 
Careful, he's "tempermental".
Come on, you remember being a newfag, don't you?
Still am - kind of. 
Just the fag part...
SICK BURN
His comment said more or less "What an asshole, there are plenty of horny guys who would love to anal her". Not exact but he put off major desperation, nice guy, and lack of understanding of social cues/general interpersonal skills. His comment history was pokemon discussion. His username was something like 1fastman1. I'm on my phone so you'll have to figure it out yourself. 
This is r/4chan. Not TrueReddit.
Saw his handwriting in one if his submissions. He is obviously very young go easy on him
I wouldn't call shitty hand writing a give away though. I know some no life kids, out of high school, who still play pokemon obsessively and likely can't write for shit. I got the vibe of a 17 year old nolifer desperate for human contact. I mean the fact that he said "plenty of horny guys" in his response as opposed to just "plenty of guys". The mindset is older but horrifically immature. 
Probably. It's hard to imagine someone who just doesn't get jokes as simple as these but is an adult.
Autism. 
:(
Ya, I know. I broke the circlejerk. But damn, read this kids comment history. He's living cringe. 
I actually feel bad, kids not a day over 12 judging by his history.
I was saying that more for the karma. I believe your point is pretty precise.
fk off bully u lack soul.no soul=no human bean
u wot m8? im the tufest bloke in newcastle nd ill crak ur lil git skull u fukn wanker. 1v1 me irl ranna bak a da cornr stor nd ill sho u a proper reckin m8.
I know kids out if high school with that level of maturity. Never assume. 

You piece of absolute shit
Where the fuck is the risky clicker when u need him????! 
Good thing I was at home because that was definitely NSFW material there. 
Why the fuck would you be on this sub at work?
Because its usually just links to walls of text. Plus, I have thumbnails shown so I know if I should avoid a certain post. And most importantly, because I can dagnammit!!
Fuck you
source? 
You don't browse this sub at work
...um I do. I don't have people looking over my shoulder but what she said wasn't work friendly. 
You may have a serious case of easily able to get fired.
I work for the army in my own office with only one soldier below me. Nope, not me. And still I was only half way serious about it being a good thing I wasn't at home. Even if I did open that up at work, I might catch someone's attention and they'd probably just ask to see what I looking at. I'm sorry. I didn't think I was going to have to defend myself on whether or not I should be on this subreddit at work. Now 4chan is a whole other story. I won't touch that site at work at all. 
Top left fucking corner you mongrel. 
Omg I opened it on Alien Blue and even though I clicked back its still playing. No matter what I do, it's playing. .God Dammit. 
I'm on alien blue: too afraid to click. What is it???
I THOUGHT YOU WERE JOKING!! WEEE DIDNNT LISSTEEEENN!!!
HOLY SHIT IT WON'T STOP. HELP ME.
OH GOD I MINIMIZED IT AND REOPENED AND ITS STILL PLAYING. I MAY JUST KILL MYSELF
I found the answer, double click the home button, scroll over to the media controls, and pause it.
THANK YOU MY LORD, MY SAVIOUR
Thank you based god!
Thank you Jesus
His birthday is earlier in the year than his sisters, like maybe he is 18 months older than her, so half the time he is one year older and half the time he is two years older.
So how did he suddenly gain a year over his sister?
Seems legit.
because everyones birthday doesnt occur at the exact same date
Wait for it.... .Time Travel
[deleted]
Why? It's probably top 5 worst Zimzam story threads posted here. It doesn't even have Dorner.
YES
I love 4chan for their readiness to help win a poll or contest.
Hes the only one man enough to show his face and only his face.

This is why I appreciate 4Chan
Who names their kid Curran? 
I would love to know what /b/tard was slighted by Taylor Swift. Isn't this the second or third plot against her?
Alright, what's the backstory here?
Can someone give me some background info on this? And what's to come? Thanks.
She will more than likely catch wind of this. 
Contest ends July 21. He hasn't won yet
What channel will this be aired on?
Glorious.
They? You mean we, us. We all voted for this beautiful madness. 
This would be the greatest thing in the history of evar if they actually give him the prize. 
We all did it...
John L. (14th right now) looks pretty creepy, too. 
Doin Gods work 
I'm glad I could contribute.
Man, 4chan really loves to fuck with Taylor Swift's online contests.
America! Yes. We. Can! Democracy is still alive and well!
Charles looks like a cool dude. 
Even if Charles and Taylor hit it off, they will break up and never ever get back together. :(
If they disqualify him...god forbid what will happen to their website.
Curran L. and Chris K. are both Taylor Swift. Wtf. Also, Karissa C. isn't even a person and Tony S. is two people. Why were they voted to the top?
Can anyone provide me with a backstory? 
WE DID IT REDDIT! 
I think I speak for a solid chunk of Bostonians here when I say fuck Kiss108 and fuck Clear Channel.
This made my day. 
you've all likely scarred her for life.. or 15 minutes, however long the encounter goes for
The contest isn't over until the 21st so he still needs votes to win. Do your part if you want to see some hair sniffing.
What happened to the Swift vote where /b/ voted a school for deaf kids to the top (for a concert)?
This Is quite incredible!!
I voted....
Amazing.
You know what, I'm glad he's winning. It feels like she is misusing the system to enter it herself. Especially twice.
I'm so proud I could be the part of it.
*We did it.
This is a fake picture someone made in one of the threads last night
See section 3 - How to enter."Sponsor reserves the right to deem void and disqualify any entry for any reason, in its sole and absolute discretion, and without notice.".They can void anyone for any reason and with that language, they don't even have to justify it.  
im sorry but am i missing something? Can some enlighten me as to whats going in on? im slow :(
Does anybody know when the polls close and he is officially declared the winner?
So glad I voted like ten times. Long live charles
Oh my god haha
They always do it.
We should vote so that John L is second and David L is third, they look like cool guys. This would be in the case that Charles get disqualified, so we still ruin some girls' dreams.
Zachary Anner.
Context?
Yes!
When will we see this video?
yesssssss
Haven't people realized to stop having contests that involve voting on the internet? How many votes do we have to rig...
Here is a list of video links collected from comments that redditors have made in response to this submission:
Charles' twitter: twitter.com/cgz79 #Vote4Charles #Justice4Charles
question is... why?
Aw yiiissssss
Yay, I helped make internet history.
What is this? What's going on? Someone explain :(
AND I HELPED.
Don't let us down Charles! I hope you twerk for her after the hair sniffing of course 

This is the reason the internet can't have nice things.
We Did It
Hey I haven't been in here, can someone fill me in with this?

Tony looks like a fag

they mad
If not more. Apparently she's suspected to lurk, though, so it's probably her fault.
I mean, I think her mere presence outrages most people on /b/. 
Some 39 year old guy named Charles is obsessed with Taylor Swift and really wants to smell her hair. So an Anon who claims to be his friend posted about Charles and his dream, requesting everyone vote for him so he could make an ass out of himself in front of the world. Yup. Just the usual antics. 
Probably today
She probably started it so that she didn't have to deal with some slut trying to become famous because of her :/

New Jersey reporting in. I agree fuck Clear Channel.
I think i remember hearing that the media portrayed it as a prank and she gave a bunch of money to the school. Dont have a link to it and that may not be correct.
Here you go 



This is the reason the internet is truly great.
This is the reason some people want to censor the internet.
the author accidentally voted for him. whoopsie!

TIL Taylor Swift fucking hates 4chan

Still not convinced. 
One of my feminist acquaintances loves Taylor Swift.  Some day she will try to put down 4chan.  That will be the day I show her this.
that is pure fucking insanity right there. 
I'm replying just to save this shit. 
Mind blown, saving this
bangarang
Bangarang?  
Irish people
Never has their been a larger group of unfunny people than in these comments.

scroll down this subreddit lol. 
Charles looks like a fun guy
I'd let him get a whif or two, so to speak.
I know right? I bet hes not even a weirdo, he looks like a cool dude. 
Look, guys! 
Of course! Because news sources seem to get news from Reddit and 4Chan instead of actually reporting it the way they are supposed to
They will censor the word "faggots" but not "fucking bastards". 
Perhaps I've been sitting around 4chan too long and called a faggot too often, but I always consider it just another "bad word". 
Plot twist: Charles is actually Taylor Swift who just didn't want to have to meet anyone.
Is the contest over yet? If not, we still have to keep him firmly in 1st place.
They're gonna pull the same shit they did with the Lil b contest. 
Can I get some context?
People were allowed to vote to decide who would preform at the Grammy's (I think it was the Grammy's), Lil B was going to win because of internet voters and they pulled his name from the contest.
What happened?
People were allowed to vote to decide who would preform at the Grammy's (I think it was the Grammy's), Lil B was going to win because of internet voters and they pulled his name from the contest.
 did it.
Sorry i'm a bit out of the loop, what was the comp for?.Also if she does another online voting comp she really isn't the brightest of people....
This isn't even her first voting competition, a while ago she did one where you voted for a school where she'd give a concert, /b/ mass voted for some school for the deaf. I forgot what she did.

from above comment
They need to show the vote counts. Charles is going to get fucked over once they see his old ass leading the pack
[deleted]
that's kinda sad if that made your day

Tell her you voted for Charles
Now watch as he . given the opportunity to sniff her hair. Feel free to save this comment. Either they will reforge the results or find another way. This has been a pointless endeavour from the beginning.

Just visiting for the summer?

I feel like the radio station will come up with some excuse to say someone else won just because he looks rapey. #justiceforCharles 
I know I don't have to ask, but one of you better deliver the pics if it actually happens.
I am expecting a video
Only reason I voted
Taylor Swift has been known to lurk. Who knows what we'll get?
I forgot about that. That will make things intradesting
What if she's the one who started the original thread and has a fetish for weird guys?
Lurk? Didn't knew about that.
 There's more evidence that she's posted before, I'm just too lazy to dig it up.
Why is the "5999" circled? And what's "trips?"
triples
Those cats don't look the same
REALLY?

I now respect her more. .Cool..Edit: only if the "other evidence" checks out, that is, since someone pointed out the picture isn't definitive. 
Someone posted this futher down: 
I saw it, thanks. And I don't know, I'm still not convinced.
Thats fake. Show us the "more evidence".

So that post was made on a Sunday, the article was published the day after (Monday) but the article states she announced the name of her cat via twitter on Thursday which obviously would be before Sunday. So is there anyone who actually believes that or is it just a joke? Cause the picture proves it false right off the bat.
I somehow missed this..The thought of her lurking the boards is entirely too damn funny.
Huh that's really interesting. Never took her as someone who would even know about 4chan.
There are plenty of celebrities that lurk! You just never know who's on. Just the other day, the drummer of Hanson (as in Mmmbop) was answering questions! 
HAHAH she's going to have a great time. I think everyone wins here

What are you, new here?

EDIT: 
I think they deleted her posts. 
Aaaahahaha that OJC post was me, actually. I didn't want to use my real account so I voted from the local Occupy group, which unwisely left me as admin..I'd forgotten about posting that, I was drunk off my ass last night.
This was a lovely story.
It sure was.
Someone posted they imgur links to the "They did it." picture on the Kiss108 facebook and she asked them to disqualify Charles. They promptly deleted her posts, looks like the station is on our side!
She just posted another link saying "seriously??". She is just going to keep posting the same thing until she gets what she wants because she didn't win. 
Wait can you link to the station facebook page for me? I wanna keep up to date on this!

Here-

, and the comments . took a screenshot of aren't there anymore.
That bitch needs to shut her whore mouth.
I hope that thundercunt dies in a fire. 
"You cray cray, stop fabricating evidence.  Charles is FABULOUS and he won. Stop being so jelly."
Ya welcome to the Internet Taylor. Where we can fuck over your real fans and subject you to a hair sniffing you won't forget. 
Correction where you are going you won't have to worry about people. I go my own way as an old lady in a nursing home once told me.
Welcome to the internet good sir!!!!.Shut the fuck up
You don't know the first fucking thing about what's in Charles' soul, asshole

Those other girls are just posers.
Charles is the real deal.
If you haven't voted, do that .. .Also, . is the leaderboard.
I think we raped the first link to death

where is the post that started this?
Doesn't work on mobile, just to let you guys know. At least my iPhone doesn't. 
Worked for me and I use a iPhone.
We should vote Cody p to second. Then the guy holding cards to 3rd to really lock in the chances of some creepy shit happening.
I support this wholeheartedly.
Shayna H. and Miranda L. look like the same person. 
Probably some bitch trying to increase her chances by entering multiple times. 
I feel 22 if that helps
Yeah i think he deserved to win
He has a parrot on his shoulder. Of course he deserves to win. 
You know, honestly, if Taylor's PR people are . smart, they'll let this happen. This is one of the very few chances they have to improve her image hugely with a demographic they can't usually touch..If they decide to DQ him, they make one girl happy. If they let this happen, they make two entire websites happy. Let's see how this plays out...
Or they can not let their Star get harassed by a 39 year old neckbeard.
Yes, just because there is no-one to hear it doesn't mean it makes no sound. It's physically impossible for a tree to hit the ground and not make a sound.
I doubt it'll make much difference, and they don't want to anger parents.
4chan isn't exactly Swift Tayleor's target group...
Don't get your hopes up, usually PR guys are rather dumb.
Oh, 4chan? You mean the website that had to add a board dedicated to My Little Pony in order to keep cartoon pony pictures, macros, and related art off of all of the other boards? /mlp/ even has its own lingo. You think Taylor Swift wouldn't find a home in the hearts of those special snowflakes? I beg to differ..edit: fixed grammatical error
They'll never admit it here, but there are people on /b/ and . who like Taylor Swift. 
 Did anyone hear something?
Only a wispering faggot. It wasn't you, was it?
/g/ has . Taylor Swift tripfags.
T Swizzle is my girl, and I am not ashamed to admit it.
Don't equate Taylor Swift fans to bronies. At least Swift produces good content. 
Though not many 4chan and Reddit users will buy concert tickets, CDs or other Taylor Swift merchandise - I don't see them making much money by making either website "happy".
But letting him sniff her hair is so effortless it is economically worth it if three people buy a song on iTunes (which I do not condone). 
Yea but the potential long term backlash that she's already starting to feel may be delayed by what user Uhfolks is suggesting. And this backlash isn't by her music (though I personally hate it) it's because of her behavior. If they (management team) stave off the eventual decline of her career by being "Internet community" savvy, I could see this being a boon for them. Example: if this happens, and we get a good screen capture/video of the hair sniffing, you know someone is gonna make a gif and several memes off of it, thus she gets the added online exposure, in a way that humanize a her (think Jennifer Lawrence vs Beyonce)..Just my opinion, anyway. 
I thought a Good Girl Taylor Swift meme could potentially arise along with a bunch of perverted comments on her looks. The point is she'd be more popular with people who criticize her the most. They still might not buy her albums but they'd be less likely to hate on her. 
Exactly. And while yes, the online community isn't her target market, online sentiment/opinion DOES have real world effect on things outside of their "direct" influence. Examples include news/media pulling from online communities, crowd sourcing/funding, the love of Nic Cage, Betty White's renewed career, the protection of the Internet via smacking all those bills down to restrain the Internet, etc. So her gaining the "respect" of the Internet is silly, but could have a very good effect on her image. Beyonce is the best example I can come up with right now of someone and someone's teams not understanding the Internet and it coming to bite them in the ass. 
Gives way more free publicity, then .
My point exactly. The contest isn't directly about money, it's about publicity.
if they DQ him, The internet will show no mercy

/b/ already decided that if they DQ him that they will shitstorm
At a risk of sounding dumb (too lazy to google since im drunk and also not american) what does DQ mean? I assume dairy queen... Idk.

Dick Q-tip. It's like a douchebag, but for men!
Ow.

classic jake
Dancing Queen, like the ABBA song
Man I hate it when they take people to Dairy Queen.
But dude Flamethrower burgers are so fucking delicious
But... Cookie Puss... 
THAT WAS CARVEL HOW DARE YOU
That's Carvel
I'm obviously out of the loop, but who is Charles?
I wonder if she'll write a new album about the hair sniffing...
How cute, you actually believe she writes her albums.
In all seriousness, experiencing how fucked up people can actually be may do her song writing skills a lot of good.
What good? She has the two fastest selling albums of the past decade

Good music and popular music aren't similar I think!
McDonald's sells the most cheese burgers. That doesn't mean that they have the best cheeseburgers. 
What
TAYLOR SWIFT IS BAD AT MUSIC..GOT IT?
Almost. Try a different accent...
No
happy cake day!
Selfish!
Can you rephrase that in the form of a cheeseburger?


Mods are asleep post hi-res pics of sandwiches

10/10 would eat.
That's one high-res chessburger.
Hands down the best image cutout of a Cheeseburger I've ever seen. .5/5 bretty great


1) those fans would annoy the shit out of her whereas Charles will be a unique and probably enriching experience for her normally vapid lifestyle..2) Charles is likely as much a fan as those little girls, and will enjoy himself at least as much as they would..3) the runner-up fans will learn that connections are more important than looks in life, which is an incredibly important lesson for those who aren't becoming professional models..4) this is better for her image than any of the other fans, showing diversity and a willingness to accept even strange people on a daily basis..Nobody was fucked over here. /b/, internet superheros.
Well done, Wulibo. Well done.

/b/ purveyor of important life lessons.
Convinced me, what could possibly go wrong with this situation?
Charlie cuts of Taylors scalp for permanent access to her hair.
Entry is denied and given to second/third place who obviously did something similar to Charles/are not real people. Everyone goes on a rampage.
Charles kidnaps Taylor and keeps her in his basement for 10 years
FTFY


Now you're on the right track. 

I voted to send her and Pitbull to Alaska. Maybe I did it wrong. 
I have to say, him going through with it made me respect him way more than I ever did beforehand. He even seemed to enjoy the experience if you look at the photos, and he interacted with the natives there who probably rarely meet celebs. It was a win for everyone.
I agree with you, but it was hilarious. :)  When the Kodiak Alaska Facebook page posts, almost every response is related to Pitbull. :)
Now why would you do a thing like that.

Maybe he wants to breed them?
Bestiality is legal in Denmark. 
This is sadly true.Edit: You guys _
This is wonderfully true.FTFY
Wow. People actually do that willingly? I used to see Iraqis fuck sheep/goats, but I thought it was just them being whacky Iraqis.
STOP RIGHT THERE!.Just because it's legal, doesn't mean we do it! ;)
Well, I don't know dude. If I ever go to Denmark I might as well give it a try. You only live before you die, right?.I heard they even have brothels for this type of stuff.
After 30 minutes of googling for a place i can have sex with a horse. -.-.i found out that norwegian swedish, deutsch and netherlandiersomething people travel to denmark to have sex with animals. Its apperantly way easier to buy sex with animals in denmark than in their countries. The price ranges from 500-1000 Dkr which is about 100-200 Dollars..So yeah... If you wanna try it out, you should be able to hook up with one of the brothels, at a standard dating website like scor.dk or you can head over to.escort.dk (that one isn't for dating though).Sources: . (Danish news paper). (norwegian news paper)
Need I remind you of 
Hmm, interesting, interesting..Here's . as well. Turns out it's legal in more countries than I thought. Weird that some countries allow "zoosexual activity" but not the sale and distribution nor ownership of zoophilic pornography. ._.

No you didn't. 
whacky iraqis lol
Literally did. Watched an Iraqi shepherd fuck a sheep every morning I had perimeter tower guard duty. You could set your watch to it. Iraqi kids in Tikrit tried to sell me girl/horse vids..I couldn't tell if he had a favorite one, or if he just picked one at random. Probably random. He was a good looking guy. He could get any sheep he wanted, and they knew they were all lucky to have him; even if just for that moment. 
Why'd you just watch? What's the fun in that? Next time you better join in, man. You only live before you die I'm telling you. You gotta try to get as much done as possible.
He had . orgasms.
[deleted]
The real sheepfucker is the guy who passed up on those vids, man.
After a while it's the only way you can get off!
magical
<wipes tear from eye>
"SADLY"
Pretty soon we'll see a picture of Charles holding her severed head sniffing her hair and we'll all be responsible.
School days?
Wat?
off to . with you!
Maybe it's murder..Maybe it's Maybelline. 
I'm... Oddly okay with this.
Win-win.

Taylor Swift will be hot for a long time coming. I look forward to jacking to her until she's at least in her late thirties. Don't fuck this up for me Charles. 
But there is so much porn where the talent doesn't . sing. 
Even afterwards, the pictures (and the inevitable sex tape) from these years will last forever.
I think we are all patiently waiting for that.
I don't see it happening, not with her. Other celebrities you look at and it's like, "Man she's so hot." Taylor is more like, "Yeah I'd date her, take her to a nice dinner and make sure I don't take things to fast."

Could... Could I get the body....?
All I need is a hand
You know, for stuff...
....Only if you plan on sharing....
When your done will you let it sit for a few days then give it to me?
I'd pay good to make the skin into leather.
You be sure to rub the lotion on its skin.

Summary: Some guy posts on /b/ about the competition, mentions his 39 year old neckbearded friend whose desire is to sniff Taylor's hair. /b/ mass votes the guy so that Taylor's 'biggest fan' will give her a creepy encounter.
Looking at the photo, that's not exactly a neckbeard.

I'm just amazed that everyone knows this already. Thanks for the explanation. 
*13 year old girl pretends she has a creepy friend when in reality this is just her diabolical plot to meet her idol.
If this is the plot of some 13 year old girl then she deserves to win.
And sniff Taylor's hair.
Haha, that's great. Thanks.
I love that they're not your personal army... except when they are.
Armies don't vote people up to meet a celebrity. They do things like getting people fired or harass them in a massive scale. Two different entities. 
Because we know that's totally never happened...
If it suits anon, sure. We'll all get a few laughs from it..If you just come on asking for help getting revenge on your friend or whatever, NOGAF.
They choose their battles wisely.

I'm more proud of voting for this than I've ever been of voting for a president.
Can you explain it to me?
CHARLES Z 2016!!

Reminds me of the petition for the Death Star 
It was a waste of time.  .See section 3 - How to enter."Sponsor reserves the right to deem void and disqualify any entry for any reason, in its sole and absolute discretion, and without notice.".They can void anyone for any reason and with that language, they don't even have to justify it.  
How is he not disqualified already? Does Swift even have a public relations rep? I don't know much about PR, but if I was working for Swift I'd be google-ing the shit out of that guy. I feel it wouldn't be too hard to find this shit out.
They probably are not too worried about it because they will not receive negative PR by removing the guy.  Its not like some company is disqualifying a 6 year old girl in a wheel chair because she can't get on a plane because of a medical condition.  Something like that would cause a PR nightmare.  Disqualifying some older creepy guy in a talyor swift contest who clearly got voted as a joke will not make anyone bat an eyelash.  

The hivemind will flip shit though.
For the first time in my life, I feel like I'm part of something important.  I think I'm gonna go cry now.
Charles will free the slaves in Guantanamo.
CHANGE!

We can guarantee you he won't
What are you doing here? I specifically said that I don't want a single 4chan faggot in our program. God bless America.
Trust me, they have their uses. .(Take this situation for example).
I'll hook you in tha gabber, I swer to me mum m8, best shut ur cheeky mouth u little cunt
You got some nerve, showing your face around here, boy.
Noted!!._ 
Yeah I'll bet you have notes on everything...
Yeah...what's my favorite food, asshole.
Uh...chocolate?
I meant the NSA guy!  It's sea bass, by the way, but you were close!
TIL sea bass is close to chocolate..My favorite is canned tuna on white bread with a cup of creamy coffee!
Inb4 his win is sadly invalidated :/

How though? he followed the rules didn't he? pray to moot it works
And thus why this has been stupid from the beginning.
You must be fun at parties.
 = party
If his win is invalid, but was pushed to that point because of all of 4chan and some of reddit, how did the 2nd runner up even get close??? Curran L was holding a strong first for a while 
Because Reddit and 4chan aren't everyone in the world?
I call bullshit
but its a good part of the internet.  More than some random person has family members 
Quite a lot of people have 1000, 10k, or even more Twitter followers. Either that or Tumblr, are my bets.
but she doesn't, 4chan and reddit checked.
well the people who came in 2nd, 3rd, etc are probably famous fans on tumblr/twitter/other SNS who have asked their followers to vote for them, that tends to be how it works

Reddit makes up 6% of internet users in the USA
How was you're morning? I had to use my parents bathroom for a shower cause mines being remodeled. I took a poo in the shower, just like how I regularly do. Turd is bigger than I expected and I can't stomp it down the drain. The showers kinda flooding with poopy water. I use my nail and start fingering at the drain til the poop clears out. I pour some shampoo in there and hose it out. Good as new. I should be a plumber.
Reddit is also full of white knights and idiots that think sending Charles would be wrong so they voted for the current first/second/third place instead.
Face book...
+Twitter

Good find.
There are dozens of us. Literally DOZENS
I assume there are several thousands of people on reddit and 4chan that supported this guy.  The 2nd runner up was in a strong lead before that.  Do you think that person just has a ton of actual friends who would help?  i don't think on that scale.
they cheated with vote bot. One nerdy friend whiteknighting for the girl probably.
As I monitored the thread on 4chan, there was a guy who actually committed 9 hours of refreshing and revoting charles's page.
isn't that grounds for disqualification?  I heard it was you can only vote once a day
If you pull it up with an incognito page you can vote like 3 times before the page times out. You can then pull the page up in a new incognito window and repeat the process.
doesn't it identify you as you through your IP address?

Some poor soul from the distant friend zone no doubt... 
[deleted]
weallwegot.gif
WHAT DOES HE SAID?? (Capslock enabled by curiosity, not by me.)

No one mentioned "actual" friends. I assume they have several thousand face book "friends".
But what I mean is a "friend" that would be willing to help.  I don't click on any links in FB, especially from people I don't give a shit about 

The way I understand it, to them face-book is basically like (a shitty) reddit or 4chan. People go there to waste time, look at memes, click links....edit: I didn't mean that face book is a shitty site, it is good for what it is, its just a shitty at being reddit (imo).

2edgy4me..Facebook is wonderful site, it depends on what friends you have. You have shit friends/no friends, you're going to hate the website. Reddit is just Facebook nowadays, look at the front page....'I just lost weight', yeah no one gives a shit..There's no way that person got that many likes from friends, these people who win contests actually pay people to like their shit.

Because I'm assuming you aren't a 12 yr old girl. .People who are 'facebook famous' can have thousands of followers and many of them would vote if told to
Sadder words have rarely been spoken...

According to the rules of the contest, specifically the entry guidelines:.Entries should comply with the following: 
Cannot contain materials embodying the names, likenesses, photographs, or other indicia identifying any person, living or dead, without permission. .So I wonder if the people that are in second and fouth place will be invalidated because the broke the rules by using a picture of swift instead of their own face like chuck did.
See section 3 - How to enter."Sponsor reserves the right to deem void and disqualify any entry for any reason, in its sole and absolute discretion, and without notice.".They can void anyone for any reason and with that language, they don't even have to justify it.  
What if some crazy pedo without a picture wins then?
Unless Taylor Swift suddenly turned 5 I think she would be safe in this instance .

homur pls
tumor?
IT'S NAHT A TOOMAH!
anold pls
So the geometric shapes get to meet taylor swift, which should also be quite interesting.
You mean Hitler . do something wrong?
Godwin's law is absolute.
fapple
ya, he fucked with russia...
Wrong != Stupid
Obviously Wrong! = (Wrong)(Wron)(Wro)(Wr)(W), so that doesn't equal Stupid at all!
Hey Da Vinci Chode guy 
UGHHH 
I love how you already know some people won't get the reference so you just add the link in so no one asks you 
"dense?".bwahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Haha so funny.
i've seen this three times today. 

Everybody's a dick when they're a teenager.  If I ever invent a time machine I'm going to go back in time to my childhood and beat the everloving shit out of me.
I don't think it works like that.
Unless he already did it and knows that to complete the circle he MUST go back and beat his own ass or else the universe will fail. 
THANK YOU. Wow. That's amazing.
Wasn't that the plot to Looper!
DON'T BRING JAVA INTO THIS

If(badComment)
     Downvote
Else
     Downvote.I really wish schools didn't pretend Java is the only language worth knowing. Most high schools don't offer anything but it, if they offer programming at all.
Or... you know... any other high-level programming language.

Wrong <> Stupid.VB anyone?
You get the HELL OUT with that nonsense
What about Common Lisp?
LISP for peasants that is, Clojure ftw
You hipster. Python and C libraries.
Time for Charles to deliver. I want to see some hair sniffing action

He won't do it
What's the deal with the hair sniffing?  Am I missing something?
You've been listening to your username too much.

Yes you are, get off reddit now.
I want him to not even look her in the eyes. Turn up unkempt and unwashed, absolutely stinking. He barely talks to her, just mumbles disgusting things under his breath.
Every time she tries to talk, I want him to swear at her in a Tourette's like fashion.
Do you even know what's going on?
All I can decipher from the post/image is that 4chan sabotaged another poll.

I'd love to help you out but I have no idea what song that is.
You can usually find any song just by googling a single line followed by "lyrics".  Never heard it, but this looks like Yeah Yeah Yeah by New Politics.
Yeah, that sounds like a lot of work.
In Chrome you can just highlight, right click, and select "Search Google".

Really? That's neat, i didnt know that. Thanks, man.
Has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like?
Why won't you don't can't be on the floor?
wiz khalifa, is that you?


I hate you guys
the original 4chan thread said this guy wanted to win so he can meet TS and sniff her hair and stuff
And stuff...
We hate you too faggot.
Haha, you called him a faggot! That's ..
Catfish twist: Charles is actually a fifteen-year-old white girl, and she's not into any sort sniffing. She used you.
Double twist, Taylor Swift is actually Charles Z.
Any teenage girl that can trick 4chan to this level deserves it. 
Holy crap, someone needs to troll 4chan like this.
quadruple twist: Charles is actualy Kanye West 
ultimate twist: actually jessi slaughter getting back at 4chan
Holy fuck that would be the twist of a life time.
As someone who hadn't known of Jessi before...  this was the best knowyourmeme page ever

Double twist: It's her dad in disguise, having faked his own death. He did warn us that consequences would never be the same.
We done goofed!
Taylor Swift done goofed.
We dun goofed.
OH MY GOD HER DAD IS GOING TO KILL T-SWIFT AND THEN ALL GOOD MUSIC WILL HAVE BEEN WIPED FROM THE FACE OF THE EARTH. WHAT HAVE WE DONE?
Triple twist: She gets raped.
hurr durr
yes.
By Taylor Swift.
I can feel we can twist this even further...
Not after saying that.
Can't spell Jessi Slaughter without ..
"Jessi'S laughter"
I wouldn't even be mad cause that's brilliant.
Personally, I think that would be even funnier.
If any teen girl is clever enough to pose on 4chan as a creeper of a man to get enough votes to meet Taylor Swift, I would just be impressed.
That wouldn't be my first logical idea for votes.
But you're so clever.
To the stupidest degree, yes.
If all he does is get a quick sniff I will be severely disappointed
Depends what he's sniffing.  

Well, it's either that or be tackled to the ground by security.
If we're lucky both might happen.
A man can dream.
To the fap mobile!
Agreed. I want to see him inhale deeply so her hair enters his nose then after a slight gag they appear out of his mouth. He can then tie it back to her hair and become one with Taylor Swift. Following her for eternity.
He should pluck some of his own pubes, then snort them up his nose. Then when he leans in to sniff her hair, he should quickly blow his nose, thereby excreting his pubes onto her hair.
I can't decide which album would be better to play in the background while this happens. .Or
She will remain inside him.
*slow clap
That was beautiful
[deleted]
we're talking about pussy hair, aren't we?

Yes, of course.
what did he write?
_
_
God damn.
im gonna try that
I need a fleshlight. 

OP cousin is a faggot
Can you mother fucking spell, OP?
Your cousin is a fucking mega douche bag
Pretty bird...pretty bird....
The Lion King was actually a really good game, hard as fuck towards the end, 19 years on and I'm still yet to finish it, but still good.
This is how justice is served. Kudos to you OP.
You lucky shit.
You did what has to be done Anon, no mercy for Lion King faggots!
whip? like indiana jones? i call bullshit
I think is just synonymous with punish here. It has a lot of figurative uses like "whip you into shape" etc
Sounds like a Joffrey move, man.
Now thats what I cal parenting.
Will you faggots stop referring to spanking as "beating?" For fuck's sake.
justice was served!
My friend would pull this crap all the time. He was a scumbag with divorced parents and fell back on this as a crutch for his behavior. He once took a dozen games from my library (genesis carts and gameboy games), pocket knife, piggy bank, and nerf guns which he stuffed in his backpack. When I complained to my mom days after they go missing, she calls his folks. His stepmom and dad find them but refuses to give them back (as he told them he owned them). Took police involvement and threats of legal involvement to get them back.
Whenever I see cousins in the title I expect incest, I am disappointed.
have you ever read the kite runner?
Totally the same thing.
My cousin took my Gameboy without permission once. I made sure he got beat for it. He had asked me and I told him no. This is why I don't trust people. No respect. 
To be fair, Lion King on SNES is dope as fuck.
I remember hearing about a kid getting beat over duke nukem.  The mom rented it too then flips out after seeing the game play.  Thought it was really funny. Poor bastard. .Anyways fuck that kid for trying to pull that nonsense.  You don't switch games with some one who just got it for Christmas.  I could see if it had been a few months but this is inexcusable.  
My fucking sides
Fuck off cunt
"I WANT TO TEACH MY SON VIOLENCE IS WRONG SO I AM GOING TO WHIP HIM FOR FIVE MINUTES STRAIGHT SO HE LEARNS."
I wanted incest, not street fighter waifu.
Ah child abuse.
mfw my brother's friend wasn't allowed to watch thundercats due to animated violence.
Mfw no face
Jesus, I guess my uptight parents were less uptight than I thought. I was playing Wolfenstein and Doom when I was like 7, and didn't go around trying to kill demons and Nazis. 
 you can't imagine mfw the story of context took place
One of my friends wasn't allowed to play neopets because it was "too violent" and had "witchcraft" in it
Yugioh was "satanic" but darkness falls was fine WTF mom!?
I remember those type of kids in school. Couldn't even have Pokemon cards cause its the devils work. Or couldn't watch spongebob because it was too lude or because someone was gay or something. Shit
I was one of those kids.
And you've turned out magnificently
4chan_niggerfag
I got that Yu-gi-oh preview tape in the mail and my mom ripped it up because, "it is about demons and Egyptian gods." I played the cards anyway. Started off with a Kaiba deck.

I have cousins that couldn't watch spongebob because it was "rude".
Are you me?
Could they not watch it because squidward had a bad attitude?
probably not, and if you are the same person stop samefagging plz. 
Squidward had a bad attitude, and my aunt read on some christian website that Spongebob and Patrick were gay and Sandy was a hooker.
Lewd.
Right.
Write
Wright 
Bright.
Oh please I bet we wouldn't have nearly as much of this yolo and swag stuff if people actually punished their children instead of forbidding them from seeing their friends for the day.
I'm sure you don't mean the words yolo and swag are ruining the world but the attitudes behind those words. 
You are exactly right. Thanks for helping actually I can never figure out how to voice my thoughts correctly.
YOLO is just carpe diem you fucking dip shit, it's been around since 65BC. Seriously do you have special needs?
That doesn't make how these morons are using it any better faggot. If they had any sense and didn't get fucked up everyday nobody would care.
Now me know's his shit
Because that's what's ruining the world
hilter used yolo and swag. I've seen a tumblr post about it.
Not necessarily ruining it but it's definitely not helping to make it better.
world was ruined from the beginning we just built it up and reruined it
NO VIOLENT GAMES!!!!!!!!!!!!!   .!
FALCON KICK!
FORWARD DOWN FORWARD PUUUNCH
HADOOUUUUUKEN!!!
hey... I've heard that too many times in the past 3 days... Just came back from the Evo 2013 world championship for fighting games.
I bet he was jerking off as he watched
Well of course
I jerked off whilst reading this
Haha this faggot doesn't have dick eyes.
Wouldn't you.
SNES Lion King was good.
if a lion king 2 came out......i wouldn't hold it to the firsts standard.
Except for the waterfall part. That was bullshit as a 10 year old.
That and the damn bug eating bonus level.
easily one of the most difficult games of my childhood though
I never finished it. It was just too fucking hard.
You must have never played Aladdin, then. I beat the Lion King. The only part that tripped me up as a kid was jumping up the logs in the Hakuta Matata level waterfalls. I never beat Aladdin...
Whhaaattttt??  I got to the point where I could beat Aladdin in a good 2 hours and did many times.  There was a level I could NEVER get past in Lion King and had to use Game Genie just so I could see the end of the game.
Dude I beat it a few times.  Took hours.  Cobra Jafar at the end.
I went back and played Aladdin again about a month ago on the Sega. Only took me about an hour to finish. I was so disappointed because I remember that taking me forever to beat as a kid.
Tru-Facts: The SNES Aladdin and Sega Genesis Aladdin were two completely different games.
Really? I played on the Genesis.
When I was little I beat SNES/Genesis Lion King, and Genesis version of Aladdin. When I gol older and got emulators I got the SNES Aladdin thinking I'd relive my childhood..The one place Genesis beat SNES was Aladdin. The SNES version was garbage, I don't even know man.
The SNES version had more pure platforming, original music, and an expanded color palette..The Genesis version had swords, better animations, more intricate levels, and music reproduced from the film itself..Overall, I liked both, but the SNES version, imo, is less forgiving.
It was. Both games were good, but I guess his cousin judged the book by its cover.
Yeah that anon got two really good games.
Okay.
Sounds about right. Source: My childhood.
Sounds about right to me.
Strict parents tend to beat their kids. Not sure what you think is wrong here.
What I think is wrong is that the parents are trying to hide their children from violence, then proceed to threaten and/or actually beat him..How retarded do you have to be to think this makes any kind of sense?
Hey, are you that guy who got 'censored' on .?
lol @ white people putting their kids in time out.
No shit I think it's wrong for parents to beat their kids, that's not what I was saying though..You seem to be unaware of the fact that overbearing parents also tend to be "old-fashioned", which basically translates into beatings for bad behavior..Edit: And yes, I do understand how hypocritical it is that parents do this, but it's not unbelievable in the slightest as I have both witnessed and experienced it.
No one's saying it's unbelievable, just braindead.
Okay..I thought what was implied was that this made the story unbelievable. I guess I misunderstood.
It was a reasonable assumption (I assumed the same thing). "Okay" can mean many things depending upon context. In this context, it could either mean "what idiots/assholes" or "your story is untrue because this doesn't make sense".
Yeah he's not saying it's unbelievable, just ridiculous. He's agreeing with you.
I really need to stop poking so much smot.
No joke I got a cousin that is exactly like this his parents didn't want him playing violent video games the reason why is he was to fucking stupid to separate reality and the game he played some WWE bullshit at a friends house the next day he put his little sister in the hospital because he wanted to "Try this awesome move out on her" fucking same shit with road rash he played it at my house and a few weeks later I hear the dumb fuck is in the hospital because he was swinging around a chain while riding his bike the chain got caught on his handle bars and causing him to have an accident. Some kids are just so fucking stupid you have to keep perspective violence away from them even if that means beating them to do it. In other words if the violence looks fun or entertaining keep that shit far away from them even if you have to use violence to do so. I have more stories about stupid shit he has pulled if you want to hear more.
do tell
I for one would enjoy more stories about this boy. 
Nature demands that these sort of people are shown movies of cliff divers and BASE jumpers until she can claim her own.
Moar! !
Having cousins just like this, I have to agree.
Awwww, what?! I thought I was SUPPOSED to kill thousands of innocent after the stuff GTA taught me!
.
Let me set the stage for you my aunt wakes up to find toilet paper all over the house covered in blood she freaked out and called the cops turns out my cousin who was 5 at the time not only cut his cats ears off but the cat attacked him while doing so. So in order to try and hid it he put the cat in one of those old popcorn tins the cat died from suffocation or blood lose not like anyone took it to the vet to tell. So when The cops arrived they asked my cousin what happened he claimed the cat attacked him so he protected himself with scissors and put the cat in time out.  .edit sorry for the rant last comment
Thanks for your stories. There's a . written in your style.
Oh cool thanks for the information.
Moar please
nigga have you ever heard of something called punctuation 
This really made me laugh
Well that's great to hear. Please keep us all posted for future developments.
punctuwation?
That's what I'm going to name my next son. 
u called
Glad your here Ikouze called you a something.Edit- Spelling
Holy wall of text
Batman
You haven't seen a wall of text.
No fucking shit. .Here, I'm gonna fix it. .No joke, I got a cousin that is exactly like this. .His parents didn't want him playing violent video games. The reason why is - he was too fucking stupid to separate reality and the game. He played some WWE bullshit at a friends house and the next day he put his little sister in the hospital because he wanted to 'try this awesome move out on her'. Fucking same shit with Road Rash. He played it at my house and a few weeks later I hear the dumb fuck is in the hospital because he was swinging around a chain while riding his bike. The chain got caught on his handle bars and caused him to have an accident. .Some kids are just so fucking stupid. You have to keep perspective violence away from them even if that means beating them to do it. In other words; if the violence looks fun or entertaining - keep that shit far away from them even if you have to use violence to do so. .I have more stories about stupid shit he has pulled if you want to hear more.
This is ., if its that long that shit better be in green text
It's nine lines on my monitor, I can easily climb over this 
But can you get past that "run-on" sentence?
People type in how they think language looks to them. Yes I can over look it cause it was fun to read.
FINE..Some kids are just too fucking stupid to differentiate what you can do IRL than from a vidya. If they think violence is fun, parents should keep that shit away from them and beat their fucking ass to show them how much violence sucks IRL. 
OP is still a faggot

Legitmate
If it said AK-47 then you could have enraged some commies as well. 
Anyone have the image from the post?
Is this not what happened?
That's actually pretty damn close
Thread about the silliness of misinformation thinks skinheads have anything to do with race, classic.
Are skinheads not predominantly white? 
Well, Racist Skins are called boneheads, but most people don't know that.
Are hockey players not predominantly white?
Are niggers predominantly black? 
Seems about right
Next thing you know NBC news is going to "accidentally" show the address he's hiding at, and a bunch of vigilantes will burn the place down and kill him.
Five hundred bucks say that NBC will call him white as well.
Oh wait

Top lel definitely needs the picture with it 
I don't get it....



I'm not implying anything
Ishiggidygadzooks-a-zinga

I want you to make me your bitch
Bend over, faggot
Do you even 4chon?.You didn't even screencap what was being referenced... Why not just fucking screencap the op?
God dammit OP

Give me your SSN and address, I'm sending you a dragon dildo, you lovely man.
The thread hasn't 404'd yet

It has now.
Ugh, you qt3.14, give me your bank account number, I'm sending you two dragon dildos.
What the actual fuck
... WHY WOULD YOU CENSOR THIS?!

sorry bro, should have posted it in the comments before
Ya d id good pig. Ya did good
Well that was disappointing.
Well that was disappointing.
I saw that thread. Get off /b/ neckbeards
Why did you sensor it? We are not 12...
Well that was disappointing.
Why would the guy who replied know who it is. This time he is the faggot
N-no homo
Vince Urbank. No he ain't natty. Holds the American Deadlift record at 906 lbs. Dude's fucking strong.
All I see is OP
Did you even check before posting this? It is currently 5th on the front page of .. 


Sauce on te girl from the image?
Zunechan
Seconded
Is OP some sort of faggot or something? Just kidding, of course he is!
Fucking Christ is this "OP is a faggot lololololololololol" shit getting old. If this is all you have to contribute to a comment thread, then you're best to simply close your browser and reevaluate your life.
Faggot

Ragu fucking blows.
Who the fuck would ever prefer ragu over prego
Red-commie bastards!
Yo Anon, Imma let you finish, but Newman's Own has the best pasta sauce of all time. 
Go back to 2008. 
Newfag faggot. Who does this guy think he is? OP?
He got it from this commercial. Its pretty good. 
Fucking summerfag this sucks.

yaaay, he can kill more then 300 rag heads, can do "secret" missions in Rag head country, and he could at least fire a gun at them, he is soooooooo leget lel
It's copyspaghetti, if you really don't know this by now you must not even have been on the internet since 2 days.
top giggle
I was joking about the first post, you did get it.
Its getting better too
Explain?
9gag hacked the internets
This has always been bothering me, but shouldn't it be guerrilla warfare?
That's the point.
Come on guy do you even
Looks like the fun is over, guys 
You're a faggot
I'm just down the road from Harrogate. Will watch for mentions of 'cyber hackers' in the local papers.
Ey' up.
Aye lad.

Here is a diagram for you: 
9gag is taking shit too far, again.
Damn it 9GAG, not the children! 


Source for bottom picture on the right? Please?
Annnnnd you're fucked up
Is the 3rd picture with the white guy fake or is that real?
I want to know what was the origin of that disturbing picture...
Yeah, I'm already hard, I just need a bigger picture.
pasta faggo
9gaggingondicks 
I'm really enjoying the self-serve advertising gags. I saw one on /g/ with a picture of Stallman that linked to Apple's privacy policy.

"I LOVE COCAINE."
So much cancer
At least 2nd degree murder? Wasn't that the worst charge against him?
yes. I assume most people thought he was charged with First.
i laughed, i dont know what these other commenters have stuck up their ass
Same here.
Spoiler alert
Fuck you OP
nice cropping, shitlord

You can have all my upvotes for today sir.
...
The cum shoulda been that sweet tea 
NSFW first of all,.and secondly, the last comic is brutal 10/10 OP
NSFW? . is 100% NSFW. If you're coming to this subreddit at work you should already know better.
I'm sorry.and its real because I'm not canadian
I fucking cried at the skittles gun...oh my god.
Holy fuck the skittles pistol. 

Dumbass, a martini isn't made with fucking rum, it's made with gin. Not vodka either, gin.
Genius name
something something relevant username i dont even fucking care
martinis are gin or vodka retard
that's pretty edgy
You've saved this since October, sheeeeit.
OP is the second faggot responder 
Story that goes kinda like this-

I hate these kinds of threads on 4chan because it's so god damn obvious. Like there's no chance that someone doesn't follow the pattern and make that joke. 
How unpredictable and original.  OP, you have a really unique and boundless sence of humour!
gf is prego
I thought it'd be words... How i was so horribly wrong...

Maybe put an NSFW tag on this.
Sauce?
Don't be a pussy
Yes, of course, thats the purpose of the tag. For Pussies.
Yes, Pussies who think 4chan is a scary place so they view it through reddit.
You're one of those people.
You are right about that one my friend. The interweb hate machine isn't a place I would ever dare go. Those Anonymous scares me so bad I feel my bones shake
Holy crap OP didn't see that coming

Wanted to read this right after. Thanks, cunt.
Expected miscarriage but ok then...
Did not. See that coming...lmao
even after this post that you literally just read that was about prego sauce? you seriously did not see that coming? 

you can't film flam the lord zim zam, you idiot

ill just leave that there
I wonder who he stole that joke from.
Megadeth reference in the last reply 
Something I don't understand

Killing for religion... Something i dont understand
I'd give the terrorists nukes, just for the fun of it. Then I'd wait it out until 7/7/05 (creating 4chan as well) and stop the terrorist bombing London.
I would buy shares in apple
I would make 9/11 jokes that nobody understood
It'd only take them a day to get it.
Then you'd probably be B& & V& the following day
This, this is why I browse .. Pure, and utter gold. 
Pics or it didn't happen
I see what you did there
The men of 4chan are disgusting creatures. 
That was an 11 year old boy.
That's why she doesn't like cocksucking maeb? 
*Unsubsrcribe
It's like 4chan but without all the effort required to find things that aren't cancer.
Exactly. This is why Reddit > 4Chan.
Cancerous.
Iwanttobelive/10
How the fuck do you piss with a boner?
With great difficulty.
11-year-old detected
It's summer.
true unadulterated autism 
Butthurt monkeys
Good luck finding him he's going to be hiding better than Osama for the next 50 years of his life.
he just chimpin out.
Nigger
Ironically, of course, only someone that was a true "newfag", would post a reply pasta thinking it was a legitimate response. Congratulations, you're the actual newfag. .3/10 seriously wish you were trolling
So meta. 

What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in Star Fleet Academy, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on your mom's panty drawer, and I have over 300 confirmed fingerbangs. I am trained in warp coil ejecting and Im the farthest standing pisser in the entire Federation. You are nothing to me but just another fuel source. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on your Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over subspace? Think again, internet white knight. As we speak I am erecting 9876 firewalls and your IP is being traced right now from more than 8 proxies so you better prepare for the lasers, n00b. I'll mod_write del -s the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking deleted, Joshua H. Matheson, age 34, Male, single, 3rd shift labor at Krogers in Mississippi. YFW no truck to go muddin. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can beam you into over seven hundred different locations, and thats just with just a mouse and powerglove. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to add millions of internet explorer toolbars to your browser of choice, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the ultimate price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre fucking dead, Kahn.
This feels like inception with trolling.
Ahahahahahahahaha
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in Star Fleet Academy, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on your mom's panty drawer, and I have over 300 confirmed fingerbangs. I am trained in warp coil ejecting and Im the farthest standing pisser in the entire Federation. You are nothing to me but just another fuel source. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on your Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over subspace? Think again, internet white knight. As we speak I am erecting 9876 firewalls and your IP is being traced right now from more than 8 proxies so you better prepare for the lasers, n00b. I'll mod_write del -s the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking deleted, Joshua H. Matheson, age 34, Male, single, 3rd shift labor at Krogers in Mississippi. YFW no truck to go muddin. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can beam you into over seven hundred different locations, and thats just with just a mouse and powerglove. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to add millions of internet explorer toolbars to your browser of choice, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the ultimate price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre fucking dead, Kahn.
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in Star Fleet Academy, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on your mom's panty drawer, and I have over 300 confirmed fingerbangs. I am trained in warp coil ejecting and Im the farthest standing pisser in the entire Federation. You are nothing to me but just another fuel source. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on your Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over subspace? Think again, internet white knight. As we speak I am erecting 9876 firewalls and your IP is being traced right now from more than 8 proxies so you better prepare for the lasers, n00b. I'll mod_write del -s the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking deleted, Joshua H. Matheson, age 34, Male, single, 3rd shift labor at Krogers in Mississippi. YFW no truck to go muddin. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can beam you into over seven hundred different locations, and thats just with just a mouse and powerglove. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to add millions of internet explorer toolbars to your browser of choice, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the ultimate price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre fucking dead, Kahn.
Lol this is also a copypasta, newfag.
the newfag is the one who posted this shit
3/10 troll copypasta, would not repost again
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in Star Fleet Academy, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on your mom's panty drawer, and I have over 300 confirmed fingerbangs. I am trained in warp coil ejecting and Im the farthest standing pisser in the entire Federation. You are nothing to me but just another fuel source. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on your Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over subspace? Think again, internet white knight. As we speak I am erecting 9876 firewalls and your IP is being traced right now from more than 8 proxies so you better prepare for the lasers, n00b. I'll mod_write del -s the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking deleted, Joshua H. Matheson, age 34, Male, single, 3rd shift labor at Krogers in Mississippi. YFW no truck to go muddin. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can beam you into over seven hundred different locations, and thats just with just a mouse and powerglove. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to add millions of internet explorer toolbars to your browser of choice, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the ultimate price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre fucking dead, Kahn.

Oh my...
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in Star Fleet Academy, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on your mom's panty drawer, and I have over 300 confirmed fingerbangs. I am trained in warp coil ejecting and Im the farthest standing pisser in the entire Federation. You are nothing to me but just another fuel source. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on your Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over subspace? Think again, internet white knight. As we speak I am erecting 9876 firewalls and your IP is being traced right now from more than 8 proxies so you better prepare for the lasers, n00b. I'll mod_write del -s the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking deleted, Joshua H. Matheson, age 34, Male, single, 3rd shift labor at Krogers in Mississippi. YFW no truck to go muddin. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can beam you into over seven hundred different locations, and thats just with just a mouse and powerglove. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to add millions of internet explorer toolbars to your browser of choice, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the ultimate price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre fucking dead, Kahn.
I dont give a fuck who you are or where you live. You can count on me to be there to bring your fucking life to a hellish end. Ill put you in so much fucking pain that itll make Jesus being nailed to a cross in the desert look like a fucking back massage on a tropical island. I dont give a fuck how many reps you have or how tough you are IRL, how well you can fight, or how many fucking guns you own to protect yourself. Ill fucking show up at your house when you arent home. Ill turn all the lights on in your house, leave all the water running, open your fridge door and not close it, and turn your gas stove burners on and let them waste gas. Youre going to start stressing the fuck out, your blood pressure will triple, and youll have a fucking heart attack. Youll go to the hospital for a heart operation, and the last thing youll see when youre being put under in the operating room is me hovering above you, dressed like a doctor. When you wake up after being operated on, wondering what ticking time bomb is in your chest waiting to go off. Youll recover fully from your heart surgery. And when you walk out the front door of the hospital to go home Ill run you over with my fucking car out of no where and kill you. I just want you to know how easily I could fucking destroy your pathetic excuse of a life, but how Id rather go to a great fuckng length to make sure your last remaining days are spent in a living, breathing fucking hell. Its too late to save yourself, but dont bother committing suicide either Ill fucking resuscitate you and kill you again myself you bitch-faced phaggot. Welcome to hell, population: you
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in Star Fleet Academy, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on your mom's panty drawer, and I have over 300 confirmed fingerbangs. I am trained in warp coil ejecting and Im the farthest standing pisser in the entire Federation. You are nothing to me but just another fuel source. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on your Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over subspace? Think again, internet white knight. As we speak I am erecting 9876 firewalls and your IP is being traced right now from more than 8 proxies so you better prepare for the lasers, n00b. I'll mod_write del -s the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking deleted, Joshua H. Matheson, age 34, Male, single, 3rd shift labor at Krogers in Mississippi. YFW no truck to go muddin. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can beam you into over seven hundred different locations, and thats just with just a mouse and powerglove. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to add millions of internet explorer toolbars to your browser of choice, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the ultimate price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre fucking dead, Kahn.
I lel'd
Layers of irony
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in Star Fleet Academy, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on your mom's panty drawer, and I have over 300 confirmed fingerbangs. I am trained in warp coil ejecting and Im the farthest standing pisser in the entire Federation. You are nothing to me but just another fuel source. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on your Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over subspace? Think again, internet white knight. As we speak I am erecting 9876 firewalls and your IP is being traced right now from more than 8 proxies so you better prepare for the lasers, n00b. I'll mod_write del -s the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking deleted, Joshua H. Matheson, age 34, Male, single, 3rd shift labor at Krogers in Mississippi. YFW no truck to go muddin. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can beam you into over seven hundred different locations, and thats just with just a mouse and powerglove. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to add millions of internet explorer toolbars to your browser of choice, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the ultimate price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre fucking dead, Kahn.
I think I'll use this as copypasta response from now on.
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in Star Fleet Academy, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on your mom's panty drawer, and I have over 300 confirmed fingerbangs. I am trained in warp coil ejecting and Im the farthest standing pisser in the entire Federation. You are nothing to me but just another fuel source. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on your Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over subspace? Think again, internet white knight. As we speak I am erecting 9876 firewalls and your IP is being traced right now from more than 8 proxies so you better prepare for the lasers, n00b. I'll mod_write del -s the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking deleted, Joshua H. Matheson, age 34, Male, single, 3rd shift labor at Krogers in Mississippi. YFW no truck to go muddin. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can beam you into over seven hundred different locations, and thats just with just a mouse and powerglove. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to add millions of internet explorer toolbars to your browser of choice, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the ultimate price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre fucking dead, Kahn.
Who upvoted this nigger post is clearly summer
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in Star Fleet Academy, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on your mom's panty drawer, and I have over 300 confirmed fingerbangs. I am trained in warp coil ejecting and Im the farthest standing pisser in the entire Federation. You are nothing to me but just another fuel source. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on your Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over subspace? Think again, internet white knight. As we speak I am erecting 9876 firewalls and your IP is being traced right now from more than 8 proxies so you better prepare for the lasers, n00b. I'll mod_write del -s the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking deleted, Joshua H. Matheson, age 34, Male, single, 3rd shift labor at Krogers in Mississippi. YFW no truck to go muddin. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can beam you into over seven hundred different locations, and thats just with just a mouse and powerglove. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to add millions of internet explorer toolbars to your browser of choice, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the ultimate price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre fucking dead, Kahn.
These seem like all valid points that make me think that the threat isn't valid.
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in Star Fleet Academy, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on your mom's panty drawer, and I have over 300 confirmed fingerbangs. I am trained in warp coil ejecting and Im the farthest standing pisser in the entire Federation. You are nothing to me but just another fuel source. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on your Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over subspace? Think again, internet white knight. As we speak I am erecting 9876 firewalls and your IP is being traced right now from more than 8 proxies so you better prepare for the lasers, n00b. I'll mod_write del -s the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking deleted, Joshua H. Matheson, age 34, Male, single, 3rd shift labor at Krogers in Mississippi. YFW no truck to go muddin. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can beam you into over seven hundred different locations, and thats just with just a mouse and powerglove. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to add millions of internet explorer toolbars to your browser of choice, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the ultimate price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre fucking dead, Kahn.
Thank god. That same guy threatened me once too
Guy's a dick
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and Im the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and thats just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre fucking dead, kiddo.
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in Star Fleet Academy, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on your mom's panty drawer, and I have over 300 confirmed fingerbangs. I am trained in warp coil ejecting and Im the farthest standing pisser in the entire Federation. You are nothing to me but just another fuel source. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on your Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over subspace? Think again, internet white knight. As we speak I am erecting 9876 firewalls and your IP is being traced right now from more than 8 proxies so you better prepare for the lasers, n00b. I'll mod_write del -s the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking deleted, Joshua H. Matheson, age 34, Male, single, 3rd shift labor at Krogers in Mississippi. YFW no truck to go muddin. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can beam you into over seven hundred different locations, and thats just with just a mouse and powerglove. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to add millions of internet explorer toolbars to your browser of choice, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the ultimate price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre fucking dead, Kahn.
yeah, i know that guy. He threatened me a year ago, and i've been cowering ever since. I'm beginning to realize he's just full of hot air.
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and Im the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and thats just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre fucking dead, kiddo.
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in Star Fleet Academy, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on your mom's panty drawer, and I have over 300 confirmed fingerbangs. I am trained in warp coil ejecting and Im the farthest standing pisser in the entire Federation. You are nothing to me but just another fuel source. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on your Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over subspace? Think again, internet white knight. As we speak I am erecting 9876 firewalls and your IP is being traced right now from more than 8 proxies so you better prepare for the lasers, n00b. I'll mod_write del -s the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking deleted, Joshua H. Matheson, age 34, Male, single, 3rd shift labor at Krogers in Mississippi. YFW no truck to go muddin. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can beam you into over seven hundred different locations, and thats just with just a mouse and powerglove. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to add millions of internet explorer toolbars to your browser of choice, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the ultimate price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre fucking dead, Kahn.
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and Im the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and thats just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre fucking dead, kiddo.
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in Star Fleet Academy, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on your mom's panty drawer, and I have over 300 confirmed fingerbangs. I am trained in warp coil ejecting and Im the farthest standing pisser in the entire Federation. You are nothing to me but just another fuel source. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on your Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over subspace? Think again, internet white knight. As we speak I am erecting 9876 firewalls and your IP is being traced right now from more than 8 proxies so you better prepare for the lasers, n00b. I'll mod_write del -s the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking deleted, Joshua H. Matheson, age 34, Male, single, 3rd shift labor at Krogers in Mississippi. YFW no truck to go muddin. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can beam you into over seven hundred different locations, and thats just with just a mouse and powerglove. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to add millions of internet explorer toolbars to your browser of choice, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the ultimate price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre fucking dead, Kahn.
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and Im the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and thats just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre fucking dead, kiddo
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in Star Fleet Academy, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on your mom's panty drawer, and I have over 300 confirmed fingerbangs. I am trained in warp coil ejecting and Im the farthest standing pisser in the entire Federation. You are nothing to me but just another fuel source. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on your Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over subspace? Think again, internet white knight. As we speak I am erecting 9876 firewalls and your IP is being traced right now from more than 8 proxies so you better prepare for the lasers, n00b. I'll mod_write del -s the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking deleted, Joshua H. Matheson, age 34, Male, single, 3rd shift labor at Krogers in Mississippi. YFW no truck to go muddin. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can beam you into over seven hundred different locations, and thats just with just a mouse and powerglove. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to add millions of internet explorer toolbars to your browser of choice, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the ultimate price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre fucking dead, Kahn.
Implying this isn't the normal reply pasta 
The fuck is this none green implication?

What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in Star Fleet Academy, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on your mom's panty drawer, and I have over 300 confirmed fingerbangs. I am trained in warp coil ejecting and Im the farthest standing pisser in the entire Federation. You are nothing to me but just another fuel source. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on your Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over subspace? Think again, internet white knight. As we speak I am erecting 9876 firewalls and your IP is being traced right now from more than 8 proxies so you better prepare for the lasers, n00b. I'll mod_write del -s the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking deleted, Joshua H. Matheson, age 34, Male, single, 3rd shift labor at Krogers in Mississippi. YFW no truck to go muddin. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can beam you into over seven hundred different locations, and thats just with just a mouse and powerglove. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to add millions of internet explorer toolbars to your browser of choice, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the ultimate price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre fucking dead, Kahn.

What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in Star Fleet Academy, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on your mom's panty drawer, and I have over 300 confirmed fingerbangs. I am trained in warp coil ejecting and Im the farthest standing pisser in the entire Federation. You are nothing to me but just another fuel source. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on your Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over subspace? Think again, internet white knight. As we speak I am erecting 9876 firewalls and your IP is being traced right now from more than 8 proxies so you better prepare for the lasers, n00b. I'll mod_write del -s the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking deleted, Joshua H. Matheson, age 34, Male, single, 3rd shift labor at Krogers in Mississippi. YFW no truck to go muddin. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can beam you into over seven hundred different locations, and thats just with just a mouse and powerglove. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to add millions of internet explorer toolbars to your browser of choice, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the ultimate price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre fucking dead, Kahn.
You must be a newfag for thinking that this guy pretending to be a newfag is a newfag.
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in Star Fleet Academy, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on your mom's panty drawer, and I have over 300 confirmed fingerbangs. I am trained in warp coil ejecting and Im the farthest standing pisser in the entire Federation. You are nothing to me but just another fuel source. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on your Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over subspace? Think again, internet white knight. As we speak I am erecting 9876 firewalls and your IP is being traced right now from more than 8 proxies so you better prepare for the lasers, n00b. I'll mod_write del -s the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking deleted, Joshua H. Matheson, age 34, Male, single, 3rd shift labor at Krogers in Mississippi. YFW no truck to go muddin. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can beam you into over seven hundred different locations, and thats just with just a mouse and powerglove. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to add millions of internet explorer toolbars to your browser of choice, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the ultimate price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre fucking dead, Kahn.
I don't know what to believe anymore
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in Star Fleet Academy, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on your mom's panty drawer, and I have over 300 confirmed fingerbangs. I am trained in warp coil ejecting and Im the farthest standing pisser in the entire Federation. You are nothing to me but just another fuel source. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on your Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over subspace? Think again, internet white knight. As we speak I am erecting 9876 firewalls and your IP is being traced right now from more than 8 proxies so you better prepare for the lasers, n00b. I'll mod_write del -s the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking deleted, Joshua H. Matheson, age 34, Male, single, 3rd shift labor at Krogers in Mississippi. YFW no truck to go muddin. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can beam you into over seven hundred different locations, and thats just with just a mouse and powerglove. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to add millions of internet explorer toolbars to your browser of choice, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the ultimate price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre fucking dead, Kahn.
newfag
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in Star Fleet Academy, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on your mom's panty drawer, and I have over 300 confirmed fingerbangs. I am trained in warp coil ejecting and Im the farthest standing pisser in the entire Federation. You are nothing to me but just another fuel source. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on your Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over subspace? Think again, internet white knight. As we speak I am erecting 9876 firewalls and your IP is being traced right now from more than 8 proxies so you better prepare for the lasers, n00b. I'll mod_write del -s the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking deleted, Joshua H. Matheson, age 34, Male, single, 3rd shift labor at Krogers in Mississippi. YFW no truck to go muddin. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can beam you into over seven hundred different locations, and thats just with just a mouse and powerglove. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to add millions of internet explorer toolbars to your browser of choice, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the ultimate price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre fucking dead, Kahn.
[deleted]
Hi /pol/
Brah...

ok thanks for that informative post
I got that reference.
I did not.  Explain?
S.T.A.L.K.E.R.
inside is yellow :)
Get out of here, Stalker!
Speak louder!
Stalker is a movie about "the zone"

I don't follow.
My. Fuckin. Sides.
Please leave. 
one day i will become a real human bean
Someone made a cartoon and its almost as good as these stories. 
These are fucking annoying.
You'll become a real hero?
yes it is my dream
10/10 would buy
You can't flimflam the zimzam
Idk if this is possible but can somebody make a 1080p version of this? Its my new wallpaper.
Never forget
here you go bro 
Thanks guys have some reddit gold
If not for the punchline in the title, that would have been fucking hysterical.
I played that dorner game once right when it first came out. Wasnt there an update to it? Anybody have a link?
I have it on my computer, just not a link to it.  Is it the Doom mod one that you're talking about?
Wait, when did we start acknowledging that you CAN corner the Dorner? 
Dorner was a legend.  Regardless of what you think about the case, Zimmerman was a gated community faggot.  Doesn't compare.
see that's what i think about zimmerman. like martin could have been some little thug, but zimmerman struck me as a loser who couldnt become a cop and just went around fucking with people. basically Mr. lahey on trailer park boys, but mexican
I would love to see this in some article: "4chan users adamantly back Zimmerman". It would be a PR nighmare. No that Zimmerman gives a shit about his public appearance. 
You can't simmer the zimmer.
So your post is somebody posting an image that has been around for a long time in reply to some thread. How is this worth posting?
Here you go.
oh god dammit beaten by one minute. and in far better style. 
You can't dim the Zim.
You can't simmer the zimmer
Can't flim flam the zim zam
Way to put the punchline in the title faggot.
Anyone else spot Obama?
That.... Is that... Dorner?
I think I see him in the corner.
Not possible, you can't corner the dorner
Except to get lynched all niggers had to do was whistle at a white women. Zimmer had to commit full on murder.
what was the original picture? 
She's pretty hot, just needs to take out those braces that make her smile awkwardly
Wow those anons are so r4andom

AHHH AHHH HAHAH AAAHHHH HAHA HA HA HA HAAA HA
faggot
Aspie is a legend!
Alpha as fuck.
Where was the spaghetti?
toggaf
Awesome story. Find myself not believing it though.
tldr
18 y/old gets a 16 year old 10/10 Russian to fuck his 9 y/o brother.
Reverse genders - girl finds a creepy pedophile to fuck her 9yo sister.
I read this -guy finds female pedophile to rape his 9 year old brother. I dated a guy who lost his virginity the same exact way. Fucked him up in the head pretty good actually...
Shit. Good fucking point.
[deleted]
5edgy8me kiddo.  
I hate 4chan
I love 4chan, but I'm not . love with 4chan 
I be 4chan
I love 4chan
You /b/ 4chan?
Problems in bed?
Yeah, you're mom isn't putting out as often.
Oh, so you're her new boyfriend? Yeah she was telling me how you just kinda lay there like a dead fish.

No, I /d/ 4chan
I like 4chan
edgy high school faggots posting nigger on the internet?  thanks for the OC OP, i've never seen this shit before!
My relationship with 4chan is complicated


Wow, I haven't seen this in almost a whole day! Thanks OP!
3 times in a week this has been posted,  and this is only half the story
IKR?! i almost forgot there were faggots who thought we would forget!
idk about two inches. but im sure two inch inches is fine
Obvas trul es ovbs
both funny and original, wow, clap
Try hard
Obligatory "how to take a screenshot" tab missing.
everyone knows two inches is enough.
But is 1,5 enough?
No.
So 1.75" is long enough?
In my experience it's long enough for asian hookers
So you're telling me there's a chance I'll get laid?
roll 18 or higher on a D20
_11. I call re-roll.._12. Still rolling.._5. crap._13. I need a new die._19. Finally.
Never said that.
How can he even keep up with anything with just one tab dedicated to /b/?
Ugh what kind of sick fuck would use twitter
... where is the reaction
[deleted]
Wait how the fuck did he take it apart?  Gameboys had those weird three-pronged screws
The hardware store is your friend. 
[deleted]

He said he came back 4 months ago
You are right. 

Someone post this to cringepics.
Guys, quit calling bullshit guys, maybe he just doesn't have strong swimmers guys. Ever thought of that guys?
I'm not your guy, friend. 
what kind of fucking gameboy never runs out of batteries.calling bullshit/10
Well, y'know, you can replace the batteries.
and not notice the spunk all over the batteries? yeah okay
It turned her on and then she got back together with OP and then her dad gave him $100.

1,350

That clause doesn't give you free rein to post incredibly unbelievable bullshit, and posting it when people call out the bullshit only makes you look like a fool. 
Hey, hey, it's only . unbelievable bullshit!
Are...are you serious? Green text stories were never created to tell true stories, they were made for shits and giggles, you are sorely mistaken if you think they should be anything other than "incredibly unbelievable bullshit".
mfw no face
His face is a gameboy dumbass.
Splooge would fry the game boys circuits... Calling bullshit
maybe he just came on the inside of the case and let it dry.
I think she'd smell it after a while. 
Game boys were indestructible.
When I was a kid I dropped mine in a bowl of cereal. It still functioned after being filled to the brim with milk.
Shit, did the owl taste good? My owl is that diabetes control bran flakes bullshit.
 ?
Nintendium reserves started to wane during the GCN age, and were all gone by the time the Wii was released.
They must've replenished cuz the game pad for my wii u is damn near indestructible..

Sony started developing aerosol bacteria that manages to eat away at the   vibranium/adamantium alloy that make up the circuitry of old game boys. Or i just assume anything I don't use anymore doesn't exist.
Neither of those are alloys. Don't bring up fucking Iron Man. 
Iron man is Gold-Titanium. Get your shit together man, lives depend on it.
Adamantium is Wolverine and Vibranium is Cap'n 'Murica. Get it right, man. Gosh.
but if they are . you get an alloy
such a beta way of getting back at someone lmao
Kind of a given on 4chan though 
This is a really old joke. Never happened.
Man that pic of that Kuala or what ever it is .....is exactly how I could imagine his face would be like
not sure how this qualifies as a joke, its a story with poop.
Was he already at one?.The fuck?
Let me google that for you:.Literally took 1 minute to google 'dead dog'.
ok so? I never said I think its a true story, just that I dont think its really a joke since it lacks a punchline.
It's a faggot, you koala.
I kind of home this actually happened
[deleted]
Ifuckinghatewhenpeopleoverusethisformat.tif
adding file types to the end of phrases is the same as putting a # at the beginning.

It's a koala you fucking mexican
Its a mexican you fucking moonbeam
m and p aren't even close together...
He could have easily hit "k" or "j" by mistake and autocorrect can change it to "m".
Probably just a muscle memory thing. Could be used to typing home more than hope or some shit like that probably.
They're right above each other though...
You'd be surprised how often this exact chain of events occurs.  During seven months working at an electronics/appliance outlet store I saw at least sixteen instances of dogs (and 2 cats) shitting all over the floor, dying, and having their "beta as fuck" owners/walkers/watever scoop the shit and dead animal into their newly purchased appliance/electronics box.  Somehow these boxes ALWAYS got stolen, it's like a law of the universe.  One woman was so distressed her "loveybear's" corpse was stolen (along with her Black and Decker M1560L Toaster Oven) that she tried to kill herself in one of our demo stoves.  I was fuckin dying..Anyway it happened so often we eventually couldn't allow pets in the store anymore..Oh, also, I was the one that stole the corpse/shit boxes.  Because lulz.  I just tossed the fucking things.
"Anon, please stop that woman trying to commit suicide with the display appliances."."hahaha -- no."
Things that happened:
[  ] This.
[x] Not this.
I'll take "stories that didn't happen" for 500.
Nobody is wondering why he decided to buy a microwave out of the blue
To charge his phone quickly, idiot.
Its one of, if not THE most essential invention man has ever invented. Why need a reason?
... 
Fucker better not get in a car crash
Someway that would harm any of his organ do he could donate them to save someone(s), kinda like will smith did in that movie with the box jellyfish.
Wouldn't be suicide
/b/ actually does a nice thing
neither would old age, asshat
Masturbate to death
good guy /b/
jesus christ it's too early in the AM to be reading this bullshit.fuck you 
You're a nigger
Death by snoo snoo
Well, at least we aren't complete assholes.
We?
We?
we?
We?
We?
We?
We?
We?
We?
Wee?
We? 
We?
We?
we?
We?
We?
There's always one guy who thinks he'll be funnier by saying something just a little different
Wii?
I think by guy you mean faggot
2edgy6me
I wish I died before looking at this shitty screencap.
But how would you decide how to commit suicide?
But who was the winrar?
Death by faggotry
Which post was /thread?
There's always one guy who thinks he'll be funnier by saying something just a little different
I think by guy you mean faggot.
2edgy6me
So funny, man. Grade A humor right there. You really hit the nail on the head on the creativity right there
Odd alge
Odd Algae . kill you.
DO. YOUR OWN. LAUNDRY.
How hard it is it to say "Mom that's the sock I masturbate with don't touch it" 

Dude exact same thing happened to me. I would hide my jizz sock in a little crack my bed had and my mom found it and said, how did this get here and she fucking sniffed it. The fuck. Even if she didn't know it was jizz who smells a used sock wtf 

She knew before she sniffed it.
Then why did she sniff it?
Because the slut had just enough self control to not lick it.
And make sure you use plenty of bleach. 
underage faggot
Pics or it didn't happen
it happened
we..make..vegetables. sides are gone
You can go now.
"what if I disappoint you"
It was a tough situation, he would also be a beta if he flew there... Poor guy. 
Yeah to a girl's ears "what if I disappoint you" means "I will disappoint you" he might as well given it a try though, but I agree he probably just would have fucked it up there as well
its not just that. agreeing to a girl's offer to have a 'fling' right after a breakup isnt always a good idea.
that was beta as puck 
i loled hard.
The last one  . . . omfg . . . too hilarious.
Please leave.
"ok".That feel
K
"Maybe later alligator" .My fucking sides are in orbit.
No.
gnit2 is die
what.the.fuck was that
That was Alpha as fuck
He should have killed them both with an axe. Or better yet, a hatchet, so he could give juggalos an even worse name. 
lel OP is a fag
Ow
That was painful to read
That is beyond beta
zebra?
Gamma
Ooh sorry the word you where looking for was omega. Back to you grimworld2
Oh yes, my bad.
How does the alpha, beta, etc system work here?
It is the Greek alphabet. The Greek language is used for almost all sciences. Alpha, beta, gamma, delta..
Haha, I'm familiar with the system, just not it's use in 4chan. . helped me out. Never thought I would say that.
Alpha- get all the girls, usually on football team
Beta- p-probably y-you,little to no confidence, usually has some friends, not bathing in pussy but will get some in rare occasions
Omega- solid waste of humanity, often found doing late night raids on world of Warcraft and jerking it to MLP, overweight with a neckbeard and fedora
Yeah, that's me. Had a cute girl I had a crush on sit next to me tonight. Didn't say a word to her. Ain't life great?
Practice man, practice practice practice, lifting weights helps your confidence immensely. Bitches love confidence. 
Yeah, I just don't have weights, nor the money to get a gym membership or anything.
Anything heavy around your house? Shit if its really that bad you can just lift a couple bricks for a while each day. Also you can do sit-ups and push-ups. Do 10 for one week and then 20 the next week and so on.
Then run 20 mins a day, buy a pull-up bar, and go to town. It's not fucking hard. Maybe 30 mins a day at most (including the run) to get an above average quality body. Maybe not alpha material, but at least top of the betas.
Yeah, recently I tried doing some pushups and situps. I stopped temporarily because I am on a summer league swim team, the county meet was tonight and I didn't want to wear my muscles out. That aside, I was doing around 50/50 a day. Is that too much? I know I wouldn't be able to do that everyday, maybe 3-4 times a week.

Perhaps Duke Beta or Baron Beta, but not King. 

that's not pi
Well it is to 4 s.f. 3.14159...~3.142
Learn2 ( 22/7)
op is a faggot

Going on /b/ to ask for upvotes. How smart. Since reddit is easy to sign up to, you can expect this post to be downvoted to hell.
Jesus Christ OP.
that's very alpha of him.
King of the Betas becomes King of the Faggots.
Yeah I really doubt anyone gives a fuck enough to do that
i liked that story, but just for that i downvoted it.so edgy, so brave

hueheueheheheheheuhuehue
The fuck .Get your shit together scrub 
plot twist: Meowman289 is actually the one who made that comment
We all knew that but the proof is appreciated!
So, because you're a brony, you gotta wear fedoras? .Mhh.
It just occurred to me that a guy I know is Brony and wears fedoras, yet is lacking a neck beard.
... as of yet.
Indeed
Kinda looks like a cross between Jonah Hill and Jontron.
I think jons neckbeard fits his face and style perfectly, but he keeps it clean (im assuming). I still dont know why neckbeard has become an insult, i was cursed with a baby smooth face and would be happy to be able to grow a neckbeard. Can some one explain to me why its an insult?
You must be new here.
It's a thought terminating cliche..First paricipator to call his opponent a neckbeard "wins" the internet fight.
Kinda like calling them a faggot or an equivalent quip?
No, that's completely different. "faggot" is just an insult..If I call you a neckbeard, it means you have no life. The guy with a life wins the discussion by default. It is impossible to argue against this sentiment without being seen like a said neckbeard on the defensive..IE normies trying to impose a de facto social standard on what a person must think and do. I've seen this shit spread like wildfire in front of my eyes, in several years I predict it won't be possible to have discussions on any non-normie shit pretty much anywhere on the internet. The caveat being, any hobby has less informed and invested participators in it than newbies, so the influx of new normieshits combined with the dramatically new concept that the less you know and care, the better a person you are, results in terminal cancer..Actually wait a second, it's not even winning the discussion, it's deeming . as irrelevant by default ..
Thats a good take on it....its almost an ad hominem?
Definitely not an ad hominem..An ad hominem is still part of a discussion, just a poor argument.
I thought ad hominem would.be a good example, a personal attack in order to discredit someone, seemed fairly close. I could be wrong though. anyways, thanks for the explanation.
The "neckbeard", along with the fedora is often a sign of a nerdy, unkempt, basement-dweller who goes off on how he's such a nice guy and how girls only date assholes (or something about friendzoning), even though he's really sort of an arrogant douche himself..Source: Experience. I was that guy for a couple of years.
I think it is Jonah Hill..
repostfag.
How's that cock taste, OP?
Great?
Should've recommended Marlboro 100's so he takes himself out of the gene pool as soon as possible.
homo
There has got to be a more creative way to sweat than "profusely".
With the force of a thousand monsoons.
torrentially
Sweat profoundly.
For some reason that made me laugh like, way too fucking much.
HUELL!
OP can't stop eating dick
Just like my puppy Bojangles.
My sides
Well this most definitely didn't happen.
Huehuehue you're the first person to ever say that ever 
Oh, sorry, forgive me for pointing out a story so obviously bullshit it's not entertaining.
No you're just doing it for faggot points because apparently everyone thinks it's hilarious to say LIKE THAT REALLY HAPPEBED AMIRIGHT!? There's even a fucking sub for it holy fuck.
Or I'm doing it to say I think this post is retarded and fake.
Holy fuck, not every single thing on 4chan is fake you dumbass. Alot of shit on there is actually real, but you wouldnt know because youve probably never been on. You just browse . and pretend like it makes you some badass, using the same shitty copypasta comments everyone else does
I actually have been there but this story still sounds like bullshit. 
If youve never walked backwards while peeing in a urinal in an empty bathroom then you havent lived
Hey man, the floor is piss.
Where were you when floor was piss?
Floor is piss.No....
One time I was really drunk at some tropical beach bar on the gulf coast and I started walking back from the urinal to see how far I could get. Some dude walks in, takes a couple seconds to register what's going on, then gives me a thumbs up and says, "Alright!".I was backed up to the sinks, still pissing in the urinal. Then I had to run forward because I was running out of pee.
You're not old enough to drink, Jeff.
My uncle's name is Jeff.
You guys use the same passwords.
I know he's 69edgy420me, but like, this will have serious repercussions for him. I hope his inane comment was worth it.
Ouch. That's not gonna do him any favors later in life no matter what happens.
Sounds like he wants attention. 
This is crazy, kids think they're untouchable. I used to live a half an hour from Zion Illinois. Was in the area a lot actually... Glad I'm not anymore!
What the fuck is all this moralfag bullshit
so it did work
Even though this kind sounds like a raging faggot, I can't help but feel we should not be applauding his arrest. Next they will be coming after everyone who ever said nigger on 4chan.
Wow I live like 5 minutes from Zion this is Hilarious 
No...they won't. This kid was reported BY channers. (And others I'm sure) and while I'm sure some agencies do have people watching the boards they're not gonna pop people just for saying "nigger" or "Faggot" or any of the other inane liitle things the 12 year olds say everyday.
They look, they read, They no doubt get disgusted...but they're only going to watch and in extreme cases go after people for actual law breaking like threats of violence and posting of CP
The land of the free. lel.

Fucking cats mane
Anon is such faggots. 
I DIDN'T KNOO


What the fuck is this shit? You report a kid and come here acting like you are a hero. Fucking vigilante
He's become an example for us all. The poor dumbass stands to remind us that we have to watch our mouths on the Internet now, or face the very real consequences. 
And what the fuck are 4channers doing working FOR the FBI in the first place? Fuck this white knight horseshit...
[deleted]
Uh, isn't that situation exactly why he SHOULDN'T be arrested for doing this? What if I got your twitter password and posted something vague like that, and you got arrested for it? What if some idiot . post something drunkenly referring to, say, jagerbombs, but some dumbass overzealous FBI agent decides he wants to bust some ass?.If we started sending all the dumbasses to prison just for being dumbasses, then we'd have even worse jailhouse overcrowding than we currently do. Unless we're going to beat Best Korea's record or something, we should srsly stahp.
Sophmore in highschool? Bullshit
Wow. Weird to see that happen, because I live ~20 from that school and I know people who go there. 
So brave.
LOL HOW READ? .That's George Zimmerman. If you would taken a half of a second to read the caption, you would have known that.
I thought Zimmerman was white
Zimmerman's white in the same way Obama is.
One of them milano folk?
They need to start addressing social media in school. This poor idiot of a kid is gonna get pooched because he doesn't understand that twitter/ fb are REAL environments..Yes, he should know the difference between a threat and a comment and no, I'm not stating it's anyone else's fault, but you have to teach kids..The internet is in actuality, the world. You wouldn't send your 12 year backpacking across Europe?.EDIT: inb4, you wouldn't download a car
I teach high school kids and this is a lesson we spend a whole day on, talking about how much trouble you can get into, how colleges and employers look over that stuff, etc. Like to use examples like the Chili's waitress and of course I will be using this kid as an example next year when I teach it. Kids however think they are Gods and they will not get caught, don't even know why I bother. 
That's fantastic! You bother because it's important and the god complex of immortality most kids feel, doesn't affect all of them..Seriously, thanks.
Apparently you still care about your job.
Am I the only one that laughed at the last paragraph? 
That was hilariously dumb.  He was "mad" at a girl, no explanation.  Then he wasn't.  With a nice little emoticon.  What a great use of social media.  
HE DIDN'T KNOO!!
That's George Zimmerman in the picture you fucking retard.
that has to be the dumbest fucking article I've read
story updated: He has been charged with disorderly conduct, a class 4 felony.more coverage: 
 for when the thread 404s.
mfw "Anonymous" is a group
I noticed that. I love how they just assume that since a few channers called him in it's obviously "Big bad Anonymous"
They probably just put that on the police forms.
What else are they going to call it? "Some guy on the internet"?
It makes a much better story than "A bunch of fat fucks who waste their life on 4chan decided to report this kid"..Saying it was "Anonymous" makes it sound scary and political, not flat out stupid.
Make anonymous look good to, and with all the other shit that has been going on in the US with the NSA and Obama lieing to everyone, anonymous keeps looking more and more like the good guys like I have always believed.  
Good thing they didnt start getting serious about this shit untill this year. I used to say wayyyy worse shit when i was 12-17 on runescape
NSA has logs on runescape chats, just wait until they start retroactively charging people, like a reverse Minority Report.
Statute of limitations 
Runescape is actually coming up on it's 29th birthday (feel old yet?) so nearly all things said would be beyond the statute of limitations
29th birthday? RSC was released in 2001...
Ohshit stealyphil they figured you out, GET BACK IN THE DELORIAN
29? Try 12.
So runescape is as old as the avarage /b/ or /v/ user?
I'll just be taking .....
OW! MY EYE!!!
UPDATE: HE'S BEEN CHARGED WITH A CLASS 4 FELONY.

so much for muh freedom, eh?
winrar
Aaaah.. America! The land where you are allowed to say what you want, as long as you are prepared going to prison for it!
OP, you're a fucking faggot. Obvious false threats like this are exactly what good old 4chan oldfags would have been posting just a few years ago with absolutely no punishment whatsoever, and rightfully so..Congratulations on being the white knight cancer real anons were supposed to snuff out from the community years ago. Oh, I'm sorry, is that too threatening for you? Is the FBI going to get called on me now? Let's all go be good East German Stasi and report everything we see online so we can send as many people to jail over stupid bullshit as possible.
there is a reason they did it anon. any one dumb enough to do it under their own name should be punished for there stupidity.
Oh I forgot that mark12394995 is the kid's legal name. rtfp fag
now is the time you need to shhh. you have nothing intelligent or of interest to say, and a don't think you ever did. and using the word 'fag' esp towards and english man just make you look a little silly and possibly prepubescent 
It's . faggot. If you're not calling everyone a faggot and acting prepubescent, you've already fucking failed.
ok darling you keep thinking that
Mark is that you?
lolz yeah, it's me, I'm posting this from jail, how'd u no
It's almost like this kid thinks I started this. lmao. I just brought the story over here. 1k emails and hundreds of phone calls. Go ahead and blame all that on me, it's illogical and outright stupid.
You're remembering the wrong god damned times if you can't remember fuckery simply .. .While I'll agree Merlin is doing this for all the wrong reasons and coming off as a white-knight fag.  This still doesn't change the fact that shit like this used to happen all the time.
This is the exact point I was making. Back in the day, this is the exact sort of thing 4chan would have supported, until the dirty bomb guy got v&. ltfr kk lol
Jesus forgets himself, he's a fucking white knight now and can't even see it.
You said you were among those who reported him to the FBI. Doesn't matter if you started it, you sure as fuck participated..OP, ladies and gentlemen. Gettin' faggier by the minute as he desperately responds to my ass-whoopery and tries to justify himself step by step. OP, I might be gay, but you are a FUCKING FAGGOT.
What will happen to him? Any idea?
Holy shit
Most likely he'll get a rather "harsh" slap on the wrist, 30 hours of community service is a minimum for an IL. felony 4 charge, at least from what I understood, I could be wrong. A nice little fine and court fees which could be anywhere from 1k to 15k.
How come the kid who says something like that on League of Legends, and then adds "lol jk", gets a $500,000 bail and faces eight years in prison for terroristic threats, but then this guy gets "disorderly conduct"?
What is that thing the League of Legends guy said? Any link to the story?
 the story. It doesn't say it here but apparently he said it on Facebook, not LOL.
He said it on Facebook 
I know. That's actually why I reported this kid. 1. His speech is not protected by the 1st amendment. 2. The kid in Texas got such a harsh sentencing even when it was made evident that he was being sickly sarcastic. Mark however did not throw in a "lol" and a "jk". Part of me did this for the kid in Texas because I know how brutal shit gets down there. 
In a way I'm both glad and upset that he got DC. Glad because this kid's life isn't totally ruined, but upset because such harsh punishment was dished out in Texas.
*EDIT:., his tweet is not protected by the 1st amendment. What he did is pretty illegal. It's conspiracy to commit. 
Wow you're a massive cunt. 
You ruined a kids life to get revenge for some other kids maltreatment? Good on you, you fucking faggot. 
So you made the problem worse by getting another teen sent to jail over empty threats that probably 90% of 4chaners have made at some point, possibly including yourself, just because he didn't say "j/k" and it's ILLEGAL OMG ILLEGAL?.OP is a fucking faggot. You didn't make the world a better place, your stunt wasn't funny, frankly you are white knight cancer.
Holy shit you're literally all over this thread talking like a colossal faggot with the most severe case of butthurt I've ever seen. At this point I think it is terminal. Nice knowing you.
The cancer that merlinnnn and the white knights are spreading is way more terminal and will kill us all first, however.
its anno 2013 and people are still using the term "cancer". grow up.
newfag

You're in . faggot
:O
The more this happens, the sooner people will realize that the penalty for these kind of things should be lessened, or that you should pay close fucking attention to what you say in a world where it's all archived and backed up several times over. 
Fuck that shit. Justin Carter got out yesterday on fucking bail, and sending this teen to jail isn't accomplishing jack fucking shit for anybody except a pro-Zimmerman troll's jerk off phoney cop bullshit. The only thing anybody's going to learn in jail is how to shoot heroin or get ass-fucked to be quite frank, and neither of those helps anybody..I reiterate, OP is an immense fucking faggot. I wish somebody here would hack merlinnn's account, post some terroristic threats and get his ass sent to jail fresh for some ass-rape. I say "I wish" so that no white knight faggots can legally call the FBI on me and then claim they did it so that other people won't/can't call the FBI on me like huge fucking faggots.
Okay. 
Actions have consequences 
"U R SO WRONG DIS KID DID NOTING WRONG"
Openly states he wants to shoot up his town for millions to see
1.)The kid isn't getting jail time, he can't
2.)30 hours minimum of community service
3.)1.5k fine
Considering the state the united states is in, I'd say that's a slap on the wrist considering Justin Carter was pushed to the brink of suicide.
Kids need to learn. Telling them in school that posting this shit is wrong is not good enough. Don't believe me? Read the thread and look for the teacher who posted. Keep crying. What he did is illegal. 
I don't give a fuck if what he did is technically "illegal." Not only should it not be because it was PLAINLY AND EVIDENTLY a political comment on what SHOULD be allowed IF George Zimmerman should be convicted, but you also have the fucking cojones to come on here and claim you did it 'for' Justin Carter (because clearly supporting the FBI and the current law will show people just how shitty it is... you fucking idiot) when the whole reason your current Reddit account even exists is clearly pro-Zimmerman trolling?.Fuck off, faggot. OP is a cancerous faggot. Go spread some Kaposi's Sarcoma in the pool, faggot.

Anyone who reported him is a faggot, including you, OP. Whoop-dee-fucking-shit if you didn't PERSONALLY RUIN THIS KID'S ENTIRE FUCKING LIFE, you still not only didn't make ANYTHING better in the world IN ANY WAY, let alone my fucking reddit frontpage with your bullshit faggot . post, but you also contributed to the horrible fucking cancer that is slowly shriveling and killing this community both from without and within..Congratulations on personally embodying not only the worst in anons, but the worst in humanity, and contributing negatively to literally everything you would seem and/or portend to give a shit about, and then not only failing to own up to it, but failing at defending your own bullshit cancer actions anyway. What a faggot. OP, ladies and gentlemen. OP is a fucking faggot.

At least there were no one died in the riots after the game like in European soccer
350lb football player has a heart attack on the field? Yeah right, those guys can run faster than me.
yes of course, OP, we appreciate that you had this gem lying around for a while and decided to share it, finally. totally not biting it off of other sites or anything. no-ope!
Pictured Jose Mou getting shot the whole time 
'Murica blows
Like you OP, i shall not get tired of threads like these like a good ol' momma's faggot.
meh
0/10 would not read again.
Really? In 10 seconds a lineman ran from past endzone to endzone for what reason exactly?
stuff like that don't happen since the 80's, but school shootings and obesity are still pretty popular.
Yeah, but several millions die of heart attacks, so yeah, still gonna go with the Eurofags here. .Association football anyone can play anywhere with almost anything while Americans don't really play football everywhere and with anyone. From what I see here, people just pass a ball. Fucking game of catch like dogs. Whereas back home we'd get together all the time and play soccer. Just need a round ball and a field. Anything can serve as goalposts. Fun as hell. 
This has to be an exaggeration 
haaaa hahahhahaha
these american greentexts are getting played out...they were funny for a while but now it's just hurr durr clapping fast food guns durr
Why the fuck is every five posts about America being shitty and then comments complaining about people can't take a joke. I don't care about the jokes, they are ask just extremely shitty and overused.

Unlike the "brits bad teeth" and "euro commie" jokes right?
Well, nobody seriously believes Europe is communist except the reddest of rednecks. That doesn't even make any sense. A . of people believes Americans are dumb and fat, though. Not a smart comparison. 
Yes, people tend to believe in facts and not in bullshit.
Well the majority of americans are atleast fat.
You act like those are posted as much as these. Those don't even cone choose to shitty overdone American ones. I would like these if I didn't see five a day in this subreddit.
It's weird because I can access the same subreddit but I don't see them as often as you say.
That's because they are
Yeah, he only spent 2 hours in the parking lot.
This is fucking terrible. People up vote this shit?
Great story, I don't even care if it's not true 
You mean... people are posting things from 4chan in .!? WHAT THE FUCK WE MUST END THIS INJUSTICE!
other..other than 4chan..obviously.
if you don't like america, you can GET OUT
Professional football players aren't out of shape, you fuckwit. There is a difference between being in shape and being skinny..I'm sure he has better cardio than any of the 110 pound skin bags on 4chan who only see the sun on special occasions.
buttmad 350lb landwhale American detected
Check this faggot out 
Legit until the heart attack part. The 350 lb players can run for miles.
I'm curious as to what a European would do if they incurred medical expenses while visiting the US. Would they get the same shit deal Americans do? Or would it be covered in some form?
I get free travel health insurance on my home insurance deal. So about $60 a year.
Any traveller should have travel insurance wherever they travel.  If not, you will be billed.  Travel insurance isn't even expensive really.
got a flu while in US, doctor came, gave me some pills, 500$. Paid up in cash, mailed bill to "mutuality" (the communist govt-enforced health insurance thing), got paid back 100%, which is strange because here in the motherland they only pack back like 80% of medical costs. 
You get free international insurance in my bank when you get their VISA debit card, it costs ~$10 / year.
You buy travel health insurance if you visit another country and it's covered. Otherwise same shit deal I guess. The visitor medical insurance costs only like 40$ a month, depending on the policy maximum.

That is the dumbest fucking infographic I have ever seen. 
That's just the position they play though. It doesn't mean they need to lay down and drink mushed up hot dogs for every .19 miles they run. They stand on a line the whole game
This statistic is horseshit anyways. .19 miles is about 300 yards, so this is saying that on average they only take 300 steps in a 3 and a half hour game? Bullshit. One good special teams  play can have players running upwards of 150-200 yards in one play. also, I guarantee these 350 pound players (which are few and far between) are in way better shape than you. Dontarie Poe ran a 4.98 40 yard dash at 346 pounds a year ago and had a 30 inch vertical jump (about .8 meters or some shit), and lifted 225 pounds (about 16 stones) 44 times in a row, and he's not even among the elite, but enjoy you're delusion that American football is a lazy game for lazy athletes and fans. Also, freedom fries taste way better than chips.
I'd be surprised when a tyroidasaurus texmex takes 300 steps in a 3 and a half years
Sure I guess but those aren't professionally trained and paid players who have been working at it for 10-20 years. Good one though
Holy cock fucking shitballs take it easy man I was saying that he was using a shitty example for saying that they are in bad shape. It's like saying the catcher in baseball is in bad shape because he moves .1 miles per game (not true fact, trying to make a point). That's his position, and he's not supposed to move far. I am POSITIVE they are in better shape than me. Not weight-wise, but they could fuck me up in a fight. .What the shit does this have to do with anything besides making you sound even more fat..Did I say lazy? Anybody? No, I didn't, so fuck you. I said they don't move far. Neither do bodybuilders and they could choke out a full size gorilla..Your whole argument is fucking retarded and is only supporting mine . attacking me, you ignorant scum of the earth. I am American by the way. And it's people like you, the people who flip shit on others because you think they might be trying to make your country look bad, that makes us look like ignorant obese neanderthals. YOU make us look bad.
Pretty much just decided to use statistics to argue that linemen are agile since explaining zone and option blocking to a non-football fan is useless. But thanks for preaching the good word, I guess

YOU FUCKING PIECE OF SHIT I'LL KILL YOU.Kidding haha you should do this as a novelty. It would make the certain person very upset. I'm not upset because I'm a FUCKING AMERICAN 250 POUND 8.5 INCH COCK HAVING SON OF A.sorry sorry I seem to lose my temper sometimes but GODDAMMIT I'M A FUCKING HUMAN BEING FUCK YOU.sorry again, but I hope we meet again in the future! :)
I getcha, but you were arguing against the wrong person. I am a football fan and agree they are very agile. I guess I didn't make my point very clear in my very first comment, my bad
yfw you realise the internet is global.
"Yfw"
Where is the fucking face? Jesus
Downloading the picture I wanted became too much of a hassle on my phone and I was too tired... I failed :(

Little Kiruboh is the best
Fucking bandit Keith, tru 'murican
Eurofag here,
At the end of the day.....It's RUGBY!!!
WITH PADDING AND THROWING!!! :-D
I've played both and can easily say football hurts much more
Want to collect twice the downvotes?
Depends which game you played, League is harder than union...
I've played both and can easily say football hurts much more
No. You haven't.
have you ?
I have, and rugby hurts more 
What position ? I agree that playing DB or QB, you're probably gonna hurt a lot less than a Forward in rugby. But I played LB and RB. The collisions there are unparalleled. 
American Footballers have got padding to protect them, in rugby you don't, so it hurts much more when you're tackled, and thrown down.
In rugby, you cant cheap shot people without the ball, right? Or hit them before they get to it, like in a passing situation. Thats where the hardest hits in american football happen.
No that's against the rules
Have you seen the hits in American Football? I imagine there'd be a lot of paralysed players if they didn't use pads. 
The origination of the NCAA and padding was due to Teddy Roosevelt threatening to ban the sport because so many people were dying
An then he mounted a grizzly bear with an American flag and rode of to spear some god damn commies. 
The collisions are nowhere near the same speed or explosiveness. 
There's various rules for Rugby regulating proper tackling form where you   can't high-tackle, spear the guy, etc. which is all legal/not properly regulated in American football. Also it should be considered that football is played with 110% effort on every play with frequent stops while Rugby players are more geared for conditioned running like soccer and not maximum effort every second 
I've always wondered why, despite it's stop-start nature, I've always preferred AF to Rugby. I think you've just enlightened me as to why.
Rugby hurts a hell of a lot more. I haven't played much American Football but I spent my whole time playing Rugby underneath a pile of huge guys getting stamped on and that's actually how you know youre doing well
If you don't have experience of both, don't act like you know what you're talking about.
Eurofag here,.stepped on stingray that went straight through my foot in florida..loads of paperwork and had to wait about 2 hours in the emergency room..My health insurance covers about 10k max outside my country. 100 k for US since they overcharge every eurofag that has insurance. (according to my insurance rep) 
So you owe 90k? 
Wait a minute guys! This faggot here is one-dimensional.
You will be missed, Steve Irwin.
little known fact, Steve Irwin was actually from Austria. 
*Stephan Irrwinkel
How do I geography?
fucking gooks
What's interesting is that European soccer is much more capitalist than American Football. In American football, all teams share revenue. And the NFL imposes rules and limits on what a team can do with their money. That's communist as fuck. 
Lol, no, that's actually pretty capitalist, just not free market. 
Sharing wealth is capitalist?
Can be, depending on the context. 
LOL You can't just redefine stuff to suit!
Are you two idiots really trying to draw a parallel between "communism vs capitalism" and the American franchise model for sports vs the European club model. For fucks sake. 
Not drawing parallels. Just making comparisons.
Don't forget, American football has salary caps, so it's impossible for a team from a richer city to just buy out all the good players. 
Sharing?!? Woah woah woah, slow down there Lenin. 
If never heard this word Sharing and i cant find it online or in a American dictionary 
Entire country is full of morbidly obese, inbred looking Pukwudgie-people who stab each other over a game with
no points even scored, played by twiggy men in stockings and daisy dukes. People can't buy a butter knife without an ID because they are subjects and the queen doesn't trust them enough to handle cutlery . Britfags make fun of any other country for being fat, violent, or having no rights
[deleted]
Logic doesn't really go well over Amerifats.
 buttblasted amerifats

Butthurt warning.
I know you're upset that the . I live in is larger and has a bigger GDP than your entire country, but that's no reason to get butthurt. 
USA is second after the EU :< dont get mad
lol EU is a fucking continent ,USA is a country Ass Hat and we still shit on a whole continent. With North America vs EU we shit on you even harder
What, Europe isn't a country? You must be the smartest american. Try shitting on anyone without all the weapons we make for you.
Hurrrr Mai Teef Can Comprehead Yuh Staement
"Europe  is, by convention, one of the world's seven continents. Comprising the westernmost peninsula of Eurasia, Europe is generally divided from Asia by the watershed divides of the Ural and Caucasus Mountains, the Ural River, the Caspian and Black Seas, and the waterways connecting the Black and Aegean Seas.[2]^ National Geographic Atlas of the World (7th ed.). Washington, DC: National Geographic. 1999. ISBN 0-7922-7528-4. "Europe" (pp. 689); "Asia" (pp. 901): "A commonly accepted division between Asia and Europe ... is formed by the Ural Mountains, Ural River, Caspian Sea, Caucasus Mountains, and the Black Sea with its outlets, the Bosporus and Dardanelles."  I said it was a continent you cunt. Also Notice WE MAKE FOR YOU,HA!
What do you make for us? Debt?
We don't make shit for you cause your our bitch. Anything you get is a reward from Master Patriots.
you're*, all you americans make is shitty cars and debt.

GDP per capita is way lower in EU.
EU isn't a continent, genius, it's a union of nations. (which happens to not take up an entire continent, just like the USA doesn't)
"Europe (Listeni/jrp/ ewr-p or /jrp/ yur-p[1]) is, by convention, one of the world's seven continents."National Geographic Atlas of the World (7th ed.). Washington, DC: National Geographic. 1999. ISBN 0-7922-7528-4. "Europe" (pp. 689); 

EU =/= Europe..EU = European Union.
Your still comparing a collection of countries to one country. The European Union has 7.3 percent of the Worlds population yet they barely beat USA's GDP. If you account individual debt they don't.
Well, if you wanna play that game, we can also say that the USA has more territory and yet still has less GDP..More people want to live in the smaller territory of the EU. Should tell you enough. ;).Hurr.Besides all of that GDP is only a small part of the story anyway. Sure, you might be able to buy another hamburger, but at the cost of having comparatively worse living conditions on average and for the poor specifically. 

lol, how's that Greek property of yours?.Oh right...
Even with greece we are beating you, hahaha
How's that moon landing coming along?
Dont worry, us europeans spend time inventing nuclear bombs.
Yeah why make more nuclear bombs when we have enough to destroy the world 5 times over. Call us when your aircraft carrier gains a partner to go against our 22.
Everything you use every day. Is a European invention.

Oh lord being this mad
[deleted]
Ontop of this they bitch about our healthcare more than anyone in the US. I think they are jelly that we can afford it.
OP didn't even mention England, which just proves how butthurt and uneducated Americunts are. Of course, the average Americunt has the same IQ of a small chimp.
Lol, all the British people I know are complete retards. Just how easy is your school system? Because I've never encountered a more ignorant demographic than the British.
All none of them.
Keep the butthurt coming, I'm loving it. Nothing puts a smile on my face than asspained Americans. 
You do realize that the only thing that study concludes is that Euro schooling IS easier than American schooling, right? .lol, you're the one giving me an article without even reading it (apparently), just to try to prove a point. .You just keep on swallowing everything BBC tells you, and you'll live a happy, ignorant life.
What have those specifics got to do with what education system is better than the other? How does it invalidate it any way?  You truly are retarded, just like most Americans. 

Oh, I forgot you knew everything about my life! I won't forget next time!
So you've deduced there are good and bad qualities of all countries and they can be exaggerated for humour? How astute of you, Professor, where were your findings published?
Difference is, TH0UGHTP0LICE's story is an unfunny exaggeration, while OP's story actually happened. 

sorry your country sucks
America sucks?

the queen just died
God save the king
Q: What was the last thing that went through Diana's mind when they hit the pillar?.A: A Mercedes-Benz engine block
69edgy9001me


ITT: Americans can't take any jokes about their country.
At least outsiders actually think about our country.
From what I have seen on reddit my country has better reputation :)
Some can. Hell, . is my favorite video, and it's almost 7 minutes of nothing but ridicule of America.

I just prefer that jokes are funny, and original. Not mind numbingly trite.
They're british, everything "funny" to them is retarded.
get mad son
U wot m8
You are right. Facts are not funny.

Which is why Americans are so funny to us.
Haha holy shit, this joke I find funny

Jokes? Are you implying that what happened in OP's post was humour and didn't happen IRL?
Britfag detected.
There's something wrong there.
They still use yards in Blighty.
HOLY SHIT SOMEONE ON 4CHAN WAS CAUGHT IN A LIE
maybe he's a britfag?
We say adverts.
Maybe American is not OP's first language and heard these words from movies.
'Murican here, and we say either ads or commercials...
Well they do use yards on the field in handegg, so it checks out
Hurr handegg 32edgy64me
butthurt amerifat detected
Lol. Born in Kielce, Poland.
Its called obesecollide nowdays.
Whoops, I was thinking baseball... still way too fucking early for me.
Great minds think alike, I was also sure it was baseball until now...
Great minds think alike, but fools seldom differ

Aww you call them rounders because they're round. That's cute.
Yeah, europeans tend to be rather dense, have you heard some of their accents? it sounds like the chittering an inbred half human/half squirrel would do.
Our accents allow us to fuck your women without effort. Feels good having a glorious English accent and NTR'ing Ameribetas.
American edumacashon
hello
Lair
In the first line is says football you cunt. l2read fagit
He must have gotten a discount.
It costs $200,000 to fire this gun...into a eurofag
Oh, certainly. They must have known he was a Yuropoor. 
As an American, I can confirm that this story is 100% factual and accurate.
Except for the fact that a 300lb player (im assuming a linebacker) would never run more that 100 yes at once, the field is only 300 yards and that position has no business being in the endzone
Why would a player ever run more than 100 yards?  Unless he has to run backwards first....Also, 
Only in the most extreme of cases, and if its a sprint down the entire field from the other end zone the running back is gonna get to the end zone way before him, so he wouldn't sprint the full 100
300 feet
Whoops my bad I meant either 100yds or 300 ft
Cool
[deleted]
But you still came out ahead?
Nobody cares you eurotrash.
DAE NOT LIKE AMERICANS???
[deleted]
No, he's mad because you're fucking annoying
[deleted]
I'm American and I laughed when I read it.
You replied, so clearly you care..Stay mad, Amerifats, you guys are the laughing stock of the Western World
Amerifats are continously butthurt 24/7. I would be too if I had the displeasure of being a filthy American. 
Scratch the hair on your neck, I think you left some cheetos dust in it. And make sure to check your blood sugar soon, you wouldnt want it to spike
It's called Wotsits here, you uneducated Americunt. 
They're called Cheetos here, you uneducated Eurocunt.
USA USA USA
I shot a commie just the other day for calling soccer 
That's what I thought when I read this "Yup, he's been to America"
As a gun, I can confirm I shoot Eurofags.
I thought guns don't kill people.
no
I unzip my pants slowly, inching and stopping every so often. I undo the button in my underwear and I take out my flacid cock and gently rub it along your mouth, playfully in your nostril and across your forehead until I'm fully erect. I then beat you to death.
euro is kil
yes
Maybe. 
I don't know.
"CAN YOU REPEAT THE QUESTION?"
You're not the boss of me now!
i'll admit... i laughed and felt joy when reading this.
Revelant
Shame they don't even begin to grasp the concept....that Chimp was added later, not supposed to be part of the evolution chain before us. Gorillas, Chimps, Orangutans, Humans all have a common primate ancestor, we did not evolve from Chimps they evolved from the same ancient primate.
You mean evolution?
incredible. 
They're everywhere. Those of us with balls refer to them as "niggers". By that i mean those of us who aren't pansy ass faggot obumma loving liberals. 
That picture is indicative of most peoples misunderstanding about evolution. We are not descendants of chimps, we simply share a common ancestor; they just so happen to be the closest relative we have that's still alive and isn't extinct. 
They fucked homo sapiens which is why northeastern Europeans have 1-4% being Neanderthal. They integrated with human culture and at some point mutated another chromosome to accommodate that. 
He questioned evolution, not atheism. Stop intertwining science with atheism.
Evolution=/= atheism..Besides, we have the transitional fossils that prove evolution. Anyone who denies it is stupid, ignorant, or insane.
That isn't an ape.
Huh... I understand what you mean, but I just had a thought;.What would an atheist believe, if not in evolution?.It sounds like it would be a long and interesting conversation. I think I'd just sit there, listening to him and nodding.
You don't believe in evolution, you understand it. Atheism is merely the lack of belief in Gods, no more or less. You're right to an extent though; if one has the means to come to the rational conclusion of atheism, then acceptance of evolution will follow suit if it hasn't already. .There are plenty of Christians and Muslims and whatnot who accept evolution, but they still hold to the belief that it was guided by their particular God.
I meant an atheist who denies evolution. Are there other non-theistic ideas on how life came to be as it is?
I can't say I've ever come across anyone who was an atheist and denied evolution, but I'd speculate that they wouldn't attempt to replace evolution with another belief (they don't have an opinion on the matter). I'd imagine an atheist who doesn't accept evolution is merely ignorant on the subject and is therefore not able to decide whether they accept it or not. You do bring up a good point though! 
Oh my goodness. Not only willful ignorance of genetics and time but obviously no clue about the 122 year allowed lifespan of most human beings, from 1.2 million years on up. .All those beings are WITHIN US, they live on in our Genes. They are not gone and physically we share traits genetically with all of them..People who wish only to believe the creationist theory ??.You cannot ASK ME TO BELIEVE that you don't know about lifespans. Even if it WERE "only 6,000 years", there are too many 122 year lifespans and plenty shorter due to  no food, sickness, bad hygeine, and oh yes, WARS-religious based or not;  to account for most of those beings not being around. .So PLEASE, if you are going to plead WILLFULL IGNORANCE at a time when you can use a phone as a computer and find university's worth of information for FREE on the Internet, don't ALSO show me that you are IDIOTS WHO CAN'T COUNT EITHER.
So there are only millions and not billions of evolved humans today? How nice.
It's not so much that people are descended from apes, just that we have similar great great (great great...) grandparents..My great, great ancestor's brother had children who eventually became monkeys, whereas my great great ancestor had children who eventually became human..There's also a very interesting theory that at some point chimpanzees and humans had interspecies relations and their children became the modern day human. .Despite being quite outlandish, it would explain why we are twice as genetically similar to chimpanzees as any other monkey, and it is not too uncommon in nature for interspecies relations to occur. .For example, the wholphin, mule, coyolf, liger, and savannah housecat are all hybrid species, a few of which have managed to breed naturally in the wild.
But when they interbreed, they will generally produce sterile offspring. Speciation at is most basic definition is 2 animals that cannot produce viable offspring or if they can, there is sterility in the offspring. The liger you mentioned is a good example. 
tl;dr Apes are not our parents, they are our cousins.
Sterility in males is a huge problem for interspecies breeds. However, very rarely, non-sterile males will be born. Those non-sterile heterogenous offspring can breed with other heterogenous female offspring and the sterility becomes increasingly less common throughout generations. In rare cases they can form their own species in the wild..What you can also do is breed female heterogenous offspring(females have a much higher chance of not being sterile) with either of the original animals (for example breed a female mule with a stallion or male donkey) to create diluted heterogenous species. This works as well, though it's not nearly as successful in creating brand new species.
distant cousins, but yes.
Speciation is the word that nobody says, but explains evolution much more succinctly to normal people..Allopatric means 2 groups got separated by like a mountain, river, ocean, etc. They lived in isolation, while one giant pool all progressed into becoming humans, the other evolved differently to adapt to an environment and being dumb monkeys worked out a-okay because Evolution is about adaption, not a forward progression to becoming smarter..When both groups were reintroduced to each other, thousands/millions of years later because the big geological barrier went away, they were unrecognizable from one another. Then we ate the monkeys because fuck them..That is inaccurate account of it, but explaining the four types of speciation usually answers their dumbass questions because its so basic that nobody who understands evolution brings it up because they think its a given, like solving math problems without knowing the order of operations. People who questions evolution generally don't understand the basics of the principle AT ALL. I had to google it because my teacher was terrified of being fired for teaching it.
What the fuck
Welcome to America.
Aliens put us here, or magic, or any number of non-falsifiable reasons that don't include a god.
*nods quietly*
There are millions of humans today. 7,000 million


Shit, I just assumed it was Neanderthals (which afaik went extinct for some reason). What's the actual "evolutionary" answer to the question?
There aren't millions of the early primate the graphic is pointing to. In fact, there are zero alive today. This is just a representation of proposed ancestors that have been discovered (well, an artists interpretation from the bones found).
We and modern apes both evolved from a common ancestor which is now extinct..But it's not like we . have evolved from modern apes. I mean, fossil evidence proves it didn't happen, but the idea of a new species breaking off from an old one without the old one being supplanted is easy for evolution to explain..Selection pressures change in every environment. You could have a case where apes in the jungle might have stayed basically static for a long time since they were almost perfectly adapted to the jungle, while apes by the savannah had to evolve to fit savannah conditions, and in doing so became human. All the links inbetween go extinct because they can't compete in the savannah with humans or in the jungle with apes; leaving only apes and humans.
The one on the far left also does not exist anymore. It's a common ancestor and there are not "millions" of them left, there are 0 of them left. 
The first hominid isn't supposed to represent a modern chimpanzee, it's supposed to represent a now-extinct organism which is a shared ancestor of both humans and chimpanzees..We didn't evolve from chimpanzees, humans and chimpanzees share a common, now extinct ancestor.
It's not linear like this implies. It is a tree, that branched off at a common ancestor. All the previous monkeys are dead too.
Besides the other comments, we actually interbreeded some with them. Unless you and your ancestors have never left Africa, you probably have some Neanderthal in you. Most people have about 2% Neanderthal DNA.
The infograph is somewhat misleading as we did not evolve from chimps but shared a common ancestor. This ancestor is the "missing link". We may never find that link as not every living species is likely to have left remains to be found. But, who knows? .We have found the remains of the others shown Iirc. The other commenter is correct, the all died off. As our species almost did not that long ago.
Oh, fuck, that's right. It's been awhile since High School bio, ha.
They all died.
99.9% of all species that have ever lived have died 
Its a scary thought until you realise we are the first species that may be capable of preventing our extinction. 
We aren't there has to be just 1 big meteor and we all would die....
Lasers will save us
I feel like if we saw the meteor soon enough, like with even just a week of time we could devise a plan to save our planet
Finally, a use for our nukes!

Sun explodes/goes out/changes. Cataclysmic effects across the entire solar system that (depending on what happens) Could lead to the extinction of life in this solar system. We truly aren't safe until we have deep space travel... well actually no we are never truly safe. 
Because developing deep space travel within the next 4 billion years is an impossible task, yes?
Yes the sun is expected to go out in about 4 Billion years but there could be some unexpected events that occur in a much more reasonable span of time. We are speaking hypotheticals just like with the incoming giant asteroid. But if our sun exploded in the next 20 years humanity would be wiped out. Speaking from a worst case scenario, just because we can colonize the moon, mars, and oceans does not give our species immunity to extinction. That's all I was implying.
Maybe not stop the strike, but possibly prepare enough for the species to survive through the resulting cataclysm. 
I'm 100 years, that won't be a threat. We will grab it and throw it away.
That might be a bit too far - we might be aware of it, but human nature is wired to overreach.
We have Bruce Willis, we're fine 
And also capable of causing extinction of practically all life on earth. Anyone else happy the Cold War didn't result in a happy-slap kerfuffle with Russia?
No, that would have been silly to watch. I am happy it didn't end with nuclear war, though..But seriously, US Armed Forces v USSR Armed Forces, armed with only pillows, inflatable axes, hulk hands, and other such weapons just kerfluffing the everloving shit out of eachother. Would have been better, imo.
I like that saying
Where's the missing link between primates and human beings?.Answer: Niggers
That was indeed the joke. Well done.
Nig... Ger? 
i mean seriously, dat color scheme :|
get stylish from google, you can make sites you frequently browse such as 4chan, reddit or google. Everywhere I browse it's black, much better on the eyes. You're welcome.
You made 4chan? Holy shit, good work..On second thought...maybe not such good work.
Are you fucking with me? Do you only browse in the internet in pitch black rooms?
even it a properly lit room bright colored sites are an eyesore
f.lux is good for that
yeah, so noone can see me assrape people.
"97"
HAHA BECAUSE THAT MAKES HIM 16!
"13"
We didn't evolve from modern day apes. So, there are not millions of those apes, they are all dead, like the others. Because the conditions which allow fossilization are so rare, there are very few discovered fossils of the apes on the right, as well as the forms in between.
Actually a fairly valid question if you aren't well versed in the theories of evolution. 
Yes but if you aren't well versed in a theory then you aren't in a position to question it are you? 
We learned this last year in 9th grade Biology. 
Lel
underage b&

I got fat fingers
Are you arguing against learning and getting clarification by asking questions? Do you just swallow everything you're told?
No, not at all. .What I am saying is that for someone to think like this about evolution, they obviously haven't spent time actually understanding the theory. .Scientific theories require some level of research in order to understand them. If you have not done that required level of learning, then you can hardly put forward an argument that says "if [insert theory] is true, then how come this, and therefore it can't be true".
There's a difference between asking legitimate questions due to lack of understanding and asking questions to try to attack something one is uncomfortable with. I think you're arguing against the latter, and while I don't have an issue with it (all debate is welcome in a free society, no matter how uninformed), I can see why others would.
No, i am not - i am most definitely arguing against the former..You only need the most basic understanding of evolution to understand that this graphic makes absolutely no sense. Obviously this is just being used as a troll, but there are definitely instances of people using this same argument, not necessarily because they are uncomfortable with it, but out of ignorance..I'm not saying you can't ask questions, but putting something like this into a graphic is not asking a question. Its arguing a case based on ignorance.
Putting the question into the infographic transformed it from a legit question based upon a potential desire to learn into an attack on a subject that is uncomfortable for the person posing the question. I think we are arguing the same thing, but misunderstanding each other.
Well kind of... but those are just links... where's the exact stages before the chimp? just more various links. Some stages do well, while a few evolve past or below that mark... which is what happened. I mean it does make for a fairly valid point, but only to a point. Overall if you are "well versed in the theories", there is an answer for this... which I don't have, but I did ask myself this once, and found a reasonable answer. I don't care enough to remember at this point though.
Concerned fitizen is right and you are wrong. 
We bred them out. In other words; we bred with them until we were all that was left. Natural Selection.
Very good point. 
IF HUMANS EVOLVED FROM MONKEYS WHY ARE THERE STILL MONKEYS?
the answer is that we're not evolved from the monkeys you see today.rather modern monkeys and human beings are two divergent evolutionary paths leading back to one common ancestor species millions of years ago.it's not that complicated
Not a valid question if you're assuming you evolved from the chimpanzee of your local zoo. 
It is a valid question if it is actually a question, rather than a statement disguised as a question. It's pretty hard for a question to be invalid, lack of understanding is kind of the point.
I wish they taught the "common ancestor" part in schools. It's why there's so much misunderstanding and confusion about evolution.
Haven't done any research on it, so correct me if I'm wrong, but you mean that monkeys today and humans today share a common ancestor, right? You aren't saying that each stage in the picture shares a common ancestor; surely they are a chain of evolution (beneficial mutation leading to natural selection). .I think this is what you are saying, but I'm not sure.
Yeah, you got it right. What I learned in schools is that we come from monkeys.
Well thats just plain goofy.
Genuine question. How does the common ancestor theory argue against the OP?.Even if there were a common ancestor, didn't Darwin argue that evolution = survival of the fittest. Meaning, there have to be intermediary steps where successive generations progressively retained more and more favorable traits. They didn't get the favorable traits all at once. .Therefore, aren't there . to be intermediate forms of organisms as a species becomes more and more refined towards its final version?
Men didn't evolve from monkeys. We had a common ancestor that forked out at some point in the evolution tree. The common monkey disbute actually rose from critics or religionists against Charles Darwin's book when his theory already explained that they came from a common ancestor, and not from each other.
 We have discovered intermediate forms and they include neanderthals and the likes.
they did exist, then we evolved from them, and they died out eventually. 
I have literally no idea how education in the US works. Are they teaching you evolution without actually telling you what evolution is?
Yes. Can't fault them though, it's the same educational system that refuses to teach sex ed in a lot of places.
They teach that in my country. 'Murica's education system seems to be pretty bad
i thought it was implied 
I went to Catholic school so they taught us evolution straight without any of the bullshit they have to dance around in public school.
Damn you and your better education!
Basically, no. Let's say there's group A of some mammal. One of them has a mutation that all the lady A's find attractive, so they all mate with him. This starts group B of that mammal, including the offspring that have that trait. The remaining members of group A prefer to mate with the members of group B (since they're so sexy), and eventually, there's no one left who fits into group A. They're all group B now. .Then one member of group B has a mutation, and starts group C, lather, rinse, repeat. .Obviously more than one new trait can appear at once, and everything is just way more complicated than that. This is my oversimplified understanding of it, so I may be wrong. (I'd appreciate it if someone let me know if I am, though. :P Always a learning opportunity!)
Mutation = Magic
At the risk of sounding stupid, then wouldn't there be no monkeys? Aren't they 'group A'? .Edit: thanks for the answers! This shit should really be mandatory to teach in school. 
No, that's actually the misunderstanding. The theory doesn't claim that humans evolved from monkeys. It's suggesting that humans and monkeys evolved from the same common ancestor a very, very long time ago. Thinking of it like a branching tree; group A was the common ancestor, group B developed into humans where as group C evolved into monkeys..That explanation is a bit oversimplified, but it's the general gist of it.
We evolved from some weird looking rats, somewhere along the lines the jungle jumpers split off and made another branch in the evolution. Basicslly we took the route ABCDEFG and the goboons took the route 123456
Well, group A isn't monkeys. Group A would just be some common ancestor. Down the line, when it becomes group J, let's say, it's about to mutate into group K, but then two separate, distinct groups form, that are equally attractive to mates. Group K1 and group K2. So while group J still dies out, there still is two groups because both are thriving. So then within those groups, the process continues until eventually you have Humans and Chimps. 
So the clich diagram of monkeys slowly becoming humans is completely false?  
As far as I understand it, yes. The figure was actually supposed to represent the ape-like creature (group A) before it actually started becoming man (group B). However, people looking at the graph normally just misinterpret it as being a modern day monkey (group C) rather than being the ancestor of the primate (group A).
That...that was beautiful
I may not be a biologist, but if I am to speak on behalf of the scientific community, this is completely correct.
Any but can group B c why kids love cinnamon toast crunch?
I took biology class at a Catholic highschool and I was taught that.  Most people who say evolution isn't real couldn't even define evolution correctly if you asked them to.
There are two versions of evolution. .One is about science, and based on research..The other one is made by religious people to mislead and infuriate you. That's where the belief that evolution means that Chimpanzees gave birth to people one day comes from. .It's really hard to get those false claims out of your head when you're not well versed or particularly interested in the subject of evolution.
Not all religious people deny evolution as accepted by the scientific community, and not all atheists accept it. Alot of religious people accept it actually because its true. They, however, dont believe in the BBT, but that's something else entirely..0/10 try again dumbass
Yeah, that totally invalidates my statement..Fuck off with that tired 0/10 shit.
0/10 try again later
Im preety sure all non religeos people believe in evoloution
Take it to r/atheism
Could be said for the link too. Their input is perfectly relevant to the discussion as the image is about atheism and Christianity. 
I got taught that in school
Same. 
I got to skip highschool because they spent so much time teaching rudimentary knowledge to retards.
More like you skipped high school because you were black.
FTFY
You're a lucky man.

I too browse ..
 master race
It's funny because he said detroit which is referring to black people.
Ha
They prefer to be called "Crack Monkeys" you inconsiderate fuck. 
I think you mean monkey men.
the NAACP tells me I have to recognize a difference... But I don't???
New favorite terminology 
you must be new here or . 
3edgy5me
Nig nogs.
It's not christmas yet. Don't get too excited.
can you dumb it down?
I dream sometimes of a white christmas,
Racially challenged

Last one just fucked my mind.
I can imagine #8 being uploaded to facebook by Christian Ignorance.
It's actually amazing how many people ive linked this too that don't realize that it's satire 
Black Science Guy. OHMYGOD 
Hate to nitpick but Gauss isn't really the father of algebra.
Wow some of these are something awefull.
/sci/ is a really good board.
the air one is gotta be total bullshit.  
 - Swedish Chef.
"." -reporter about to be clobbered
HAHAHA - Black Science Man...
Ok the pic that contains Stephen Hawking's quote gives credit to somebody else. I am disappointed :-x
Seems legit. 
That was beautiful
Isaac Brock is modest mouse and ugly casanova's lead singer
But, we didn't evolve from monkeys, but from a common ancestor, which is now extinct.
That's the point you fucking Neanderthal.
Well. Okay.
sry for being mean :$
Hawking forgot to mention the eye in the sky that can't be stopped.
There are more cells in your brain than there are brains in your entire body.
-Black science guy.
I can just see number 8 (Dawkins) being used in an argument or being posted on some creationist's blog
You're kidding right? These are all made up. Some might happen to be true, but none are actually researched.
What does the last quote mean? How does information travel back in time? 
know what you're doing It's actually pretty simple if you
Is that you Fermat?
Why is there an Isaac Brock quote on stephen hawkings pic?
It sounds to good to be true. The seizure one also
Say what? 
For some reason I wish the albert einstein pic was captioned "mark twain."
These are bullshit, they are absolutely not kind blowing. I did not suffer an epileptic attack  reading these
No. 6 was actually pretty cool. 
Lost it at Gauss.
 would love this, ie. they think it's serious.

Some of these will end up on instagram or facebook and people will think they're real. 
Fucking Gregor Mendel and his goddamn shitty peas.
Some of the first few were kindof believable if you didn't think about them too hard. Then it just got ridiculous. 
I was thoroughly confused for a couple seconds.
Fuckin' Isaac Brock, man. Thanks for the album OP. 
This people are fucking terrible at kerning and leading.
Computer stuff dude.
These totally weren't posted yesterday in that "Scionze" thread.
x-posted to 
Keming*
Fuck you OP..These are:
And are reposted from 4chan
And are meant as jokes that only a rere would think were legit
There is no need to be upset. flyingvacuumcleaner.gif
Its flyingvacuumcleaner.gif you idiot.
i call bullshit on no. 1..i alone have probably eaten more peas than there are grains in a handful of sugar in a couple of years.
I'm actually somewhat curious about the relative proportions.
Owned u effin newb
They're all bullshit in some way
that's the joke.
I.... I know that... I was replying to Daddydidncare, who does not appear to know that.
If you think about the second one, it's actually true, assuming you keep all the decimal places.
Except it says "digit". Decimals aren't digits, are they? It implies that you add 1, not .1. 
well no fucking shit but thats not what he said
all we are is dust in the wind, dude


All of us is airborne minidirt
No it isn't you fucking tool. .Pi is generally posited to continue indefinitely. So if you add up all the digits you get infinity which is a helluva lot more than 3.14etcetc..Dipshit. .I mean seriously, do you even know what adding means? That's second grade shit right there. .Jesus. 
But magnets? How do they work?
No shit, that's why he said:
Ah, that makes sense. He didn't exactly make it clear though. Keep all the decimal places could just as easily mean put the decimal after the first digit after the addition rather than take each digit and keep its decimal value the same..Either way, it's a bit of a ridiculously obvious statement to make, kinda like saying that 2 plus .5 makes 2.5. You don't feckin say.
You were still kind of right, because it clearly says "digit", which means you would not keep the same decimal places. 
generally?.

What he's saying is if you keep each digit with its appropriate decimal place, then add them all together, it would still equal pi. For example:  .3 + .1 + .04 + .001 + .0005 + .00009 = 3.14159
Ah, that makes sense. He didn't exactly make it clear though. Keep all the decimal places could just as easily mean put the decimal after the first digit after the addition rather than take each digit and keep its decimal value the same. .Either way, it's a bit of a ridiculously obvious statement to make, kinda like saying that 2 plus .5 makes 2.5. You don't feckin say.
[deleted]
that's the joke
Pretty shit joke. 
4chan OP is always a faggot !!
Shut up.
Oh really? I thought this basic and obvious rule of mathematics only applied to pi. Thanks for filling me in!  ./sarcasm

I at first blaimed the language barrier. Untill I reached the black science man.. 
You mean . I dare you to find . of these genius pics I posted that is also in that compilation.
I think the quote from Gauss is my favorite 
I think the details of that one flew over a lot of heads. I thought it was great, too.
I only know because my math teacher told us one day. I still don't remember how that related to any of the math I have forgotten.
When Gauss was a very small child he was assigned a time-wasting exercise to count the first 100 integers, but instead he came up with a formula to do it which is still used today. 
well Yeah, I remember that, just not how it relates to what we learned in the class (because I forgot the stuff we learned in the class :P )
My bad! I forgot most of what I learned in Math class, too. 
I've already forgotten what I had for breakfast this morning.  What year is it?  Who are you people??
Not to count the first 100 integers, to add them.
I was reading the comments and thinking: "These people really think counting to 100 is hard?".Indeed was a exercise to . the numbers from 1 to 100 that takes time doing manually, and he invented a easy way.
My favourite ones are the ones that are technically true..Like the peas in the universe one..Or the more people on Earth than ocean.
The peas in the universe one isn't true.  Earth is part of the universe, and there are more peas on Earth than there are grains of sugar in one handful.
Depends how big your hand is.
Every 60 seconds, a minute passes in Africa.
I'm going to call Neil Degrasse Tyson "Black Science Man" from now on.
I called him Lil Wayne in space.
I prefer "token."
i don't think you know what "token minority" means. it doesn't mean black scientist.
OP and Turing are faggots.
Correct.Turing was indeed a homosex
1928: alan's turing homosex..1952: alan turing's homosex.
Bazooper!
Bepzinky
Zimbabwe
Caracosta
also 
bojangles
Someone get one of these to the front page on 
And may that someone be conscious of current . policy that requires they be put into self posts and receive no karma.
[deleted]
Uploading them all now
Link?
They all got removed by the . mods
Mods don't allow picture posts now. 
Feel free to put them ...It only has one post, mine. Everybody hates me and I want to die.
Awwww, I don't hate you!
I hate him.
"In this moment I'm euphoric, not because of the blessings of some phony god, but because I'm enlightened by my own intelligence" - Aalewis
Eh?
I cringe evrytiem
Phone* god

 at its finest
That guy is fat? Jesus, I guess most Americans are planets then. .Btw I'm 6'4, 175 and live in the USA so don't even try calling me a hypocrite USA hater. Yeah, fuck you.Did you just google "douches in fedoras" or what? How did you come across that photo?.I guess you don't really need the "douches" part... you could just google "people in fedoras that are not indiana jones and live in the 21st century"

I wonder what clothes you wear 
Aah, so is this the source of all the "euphoric" and "fedora" jerkery I've been seeing this year?
Was this the actual picture?
I don't think so, someone just matched the quote and a random fedora picture together
i'll show you as soon as i find my camera
Fatter Paul Giamatti 
I don't think leather jackets can quite be lumped in with the rest of them, if he were wearing a trenchcoat however...

it's also a sonic shirt. that multiplies the cringe by 3.
I... I must see more of these. Please tell me there is a sub for this.

you can see what is called faces of ., i dont know where the album of it all is, but you can see some 
 
Wat.

I Sure Hope You Guys Don't Do This
there should be one I mean shit if . exists... but I haven't been able to find it..I found that picture from the thread where the ever-wise . posted his quote.

Ask and ye shall receive: .This was a real thing on . for a while until proto-cringepics subscribers started invading.
I think . made me throw up a little bit...
The top post of all time has 4 points...
I didn't say that there was a good sub for it, nor was one asked for.
 
I just spit water all over my desk. thanks for that one bro
I just ate a shard of glass and spit blood all over my monitor. Thanks, bro! 
I'm not sure which one is stupider; The fact you spilled water everywhere like a spastic or the fact you came here and told everyone about your clumsy antics.
You underestimate my ability to give a fuck when I'm dealing with complete Internet strangers
I haven't asked you to give a fuck. I am merely assessing which of your actions were more retarded. I gotta say I'm having trouble deciding. Maybe they were equally retarded and that's why I'm having trouble. Yeah, that must be it.
I think the autism in you is preventing you from seeing the true meaning of my comment. I meant that I was drinking water when I read that comment, then I laughed and it went everywhere.
I know exactly what you mean. But if you cant manage to drink a cup of water without spitting it everywhere then you my friend are retarded.

 is that way.
The word "spastic" is insulting and derogatory to people with cerebral palsy. Please edit it out and check your privilege in the future.
Please check your vagina for sand.

*
I loved the Modest Mouse lyrics just thrown in there.
haha and the pic was priceless
I loved black science man
Which one was that? 

it was the one with Stephen Hawkings face and was attributed to Isaac Brock the lead singer of MM
I was wondering about that. I jokingly said to myself that "Stephen Hawking" must be his stage name. 
both men are great thinkers and have contributed a lot to there respective fields. I wonder if any one has ever compared Stephen Hawkings and Issac before this
Probably not lol
Isaac "Newton" Brock
Stephen "Tony" Hawkings.  Master of four wheels

"The universe is shaped exactly like the earth, if you go straight long enough you'll end up where you were" is from the Modest Mouse song "3rd Planet" off of their album .. 
People listen to Modest Mouse :|

You must be a partician who only reads Scruffy.
Just because you haven't listened to anything other than Float On doesn't mean the rest of us haven't. 
whats your point?
I'm pretty sure that's a great album dude.
I'm 100% sure it is a brilliant album
But the lonesome crowded west is still better
The fruit that ate itself
definitely better, but this argument is the true feud between MM fans not whether or not good news sucked  
Blame it on the Tetons, satin in a coffin, one chance, float on, ocean breathes salty, the good times are killing me, the world at large, bukowski, and black Cadillacs all on one album. What's not to like?
Bukowski is pretty good but the whole album just doesn't feel like modest mouse. It is a big change from their early stuff and is generally more "radio ready" but its not bad, I'm probably just a jaded old fan. 
Backinmyday.2004 

Can't just listen to Scandinavian death metal all the time bro.  Its ok to like other things.
I prefer Lebanese War Metal alternating with a slice of goa trance and some 80s power ballads for drinking..All about the variety bro.
[deleted]
You did, and that's all that matters.
Damn. He did.
Plus Isaac Brock is the lead singer of Modest Mouse
Plus that is a beautiful song.
I lol'd at "black science man" 
How fascinating.
How euphoric.

Hail sagan, god of atheism and fundee crusher. 
Oh Sagan, who art in Sweden, euphoric be thy name
Thy science come, thy evolution be done, star stuff as we are in Sagan
Give us this day our daily doritos
Forgive us our religions, as we pwn the fundies that oppress le one-click-maymays
And lead us not into religion
[deleted]

I was so confused until I realized this was ., not ..
it all makes so much sense now
I realised it was 4chan on the 5th one
I didn't catch on until the Einstein one.  I thought I was in one of those stoner subreddits like ..
I just thought it was . 
X-post the Neil DeGrasse Tyson one to . or ., see if you get karma.
Done.
6 upvotes... How stupid are these guys?
That's nothing. I have over 100 points on . for a blatant troll post. 
Everybody loves black science man.
I'd wager that the 6 upvotes are from people here clicking that link actually.
I thought it was 
I didn't even realize this until I saw your comment.

I realized it when one of them were named "black science guy"
I came into the comments to be like WHAT DE FUQ over the Black science guy, Neil deGrasse Tyson deserves more respect than that

why were those results form Germany? are you in Germany?
.be is not .de .please try again. 
dude its pretty much germany.
dude its really not. It's Belgium and we speak Dutch and French and not German. 
Shut up Eurofag.
Yes Sir, thanks for leaving some freedom for us lowlife europeans. (muahahaha, you can't even go outside and spit in a police officer his face without risking a lot) 
also fuck you google chrome translation suggesting service that does not know the difference between dutch an german. 
That's not his name?
Isn't that Bill Nye?
Willy Ni the science gger
That makes it 
"Widely claimed by atheists, Tyson is actually God himself." was on his wiki page a couple of days ago ... 
I thought Morgan Freeman held the position of black God. Huh.
Tyson is White God (praise him), Freeman is Black God.
That's black movie God, were referring to black science God. 
That's hilarious. 
Yeah until Tyson changed it back and locked his own wikipedia page. 
Wasn't aware you could do that. 
A lot of people aren't  aware of what God can do. 
Posers.

The amount of win here is too much.
the amount of cancer in this post is atrocious, kill yourself OP
Ipad 
Also willing to beg OP is the commenter
Which App is that?
Chromium


Nice job putting the reveal on Reddit, dumbass.
like anyone thinks these "9gag raids" are actually done by 9gag
Idiots that don't know better believe it.
As I've said months ago, what the fuck is wrong with 9gag? Seriously they should quit their shit already and leave people alone
They steal content from other sites and claim it as their own, usually photoshopping out the artists/posters name or something to put their crappy 9gag one.
The joke.------------------.your head
He's being a smartass, going with the joke.  Read comment again.  We all know what 9gag does and why we all hate it
What kind of 3edgy6me name is .?
Gurd
Made me cringe. All these scenefags are like "OMG I <3 metal" and they listen to shit bands like Falling In Reverse and Black Veil Brides. Pisses me off so much, I'm gonna kill one someday.
they should listen to nirvana
Because that's metal.
Like all the other scene kids?
.:its like `~SO RANDOM~` everyone says so:.
~.~
We had a burial for our Spork friend who broke in my pocket on a carnival ride..The only thing more embarrassing is realizing how much of an idiot I was when I was like 14.
That's pretty gay bro.

Oh and by the way on the facebook page it still says "Life will be better when we kill ourselfs " which they haven't noticed yet..edit: link for the lazy (they have cleaned it all up, but you can still see the angry posts by the admins.) 
I like how you have to go into incognito mode for 4chan lol.
it blocks the backtracing.
Only 7 proxies can do that
lel
Emos are still around?
There aren't any "true" emos anymore. I call the modern ones scenefags.
They were always scenefags
As long as there are teenagers, there will be emos
9gag is still around?
I thought they died out.
If only...
I thought they evolved.
I thought they died out through the process of natural selection.
Nah,they just turned into nihilistic hipsters
Guys! Cut that out!
you clever man. you clever
Emo is changing it's shape!  .(Cue that amazing song) .My Emo is evolving! .My Emo is now a Scene! He can now use Fag type moves! 
The rest are attention hungry bitches
Then from Scene to Hipster, like Ditto it has one move. 'Irony'
Watch out for those religious fanatic moves, Fag types have a low special defence

Here is a list of video links collected from comments that redditors have made in response to this submission:

You can't Zim Zam the Zimmerman!
Bottom line...anyone who legally carries a concealed weapon should avoid confirmation. He doesn't deserve the death penalty but some punishment no doubt. Otherwise anyone who can legally carry a gun can just go fucking with people until they put themselves in a position where self defense is needed and call it self defense. Like if i had a concealed weapon legally and i just kept calling some black guy a faggot nigger until he beats my ass and I'm forced to kill him or her beat up like i probably deserved. Zimmerman deserved to get beat up but also a punishment.
Can anyone fill me in on the case or point me to a good summarazing article?
White guy in Detroit?
Anon is eminem
Anon is a liar, niggers cant read. 
mfw there is no face
They can't DIM the ZIM!! Any takers?! 
mfw no face posted
As an Australian who has no idea what this is about, can someone give me a TLDR on this Zimmerman guy and what happened?
Damn it feels good to be a white man. 
Welcome to reddit, where daily posts about smoking weed are acceptable, unless you're black, then smoking weed makes you a thug; where troll-bashing is welcomed, unless the troll-basher is black, then he deserves to be shot. I would call you guys hypocritical pieces of shit, but you're probably like this normally, so you're just pieces of shit.
Who's Zimmerman? 
Eminem, is that you?
There's so much racist shit on the front page right now. I'm white and it drives me crazy to hear other white people calling people nigger on the Internet. Some of you guys are seriously fucking children. 

Wanna kill your kid, do it in Florida. Wanna kill a black kid, do it in Florida. Wanna ride a manatee, your fucking out of your mind.
you cant flim flam the zim zam
ITT: MFW there is no FW.
What the hell is all the Zimmerman shit about anyway? I'm from Canada so I don't pay much attention to this...or the news at all really. So it hasn't anything to do with being Canadian
Racist racism is racist
Nice! Thank god he got off, can't wait for all the killing that will now take place in florida, and all in the the name of self defense hahahaha! Just when you think they can't fuck their gun laws even more, they fucking do this! Haha!
Man it was funny how scared 4chan was last night. /b/ pretty much should have had one thread that was about how scared they are of black people.
the fuck are you on about?

As an Australian who has no idea what this is about, can someone give me a TLdr on this Zimmerman guy and what happened?  ( ^_^) .Let me fix that for you (automated comment unflipper) 
huh?
Go to ELI5. 
[deleted]
Yay!
Ra..Racism? Dude. Again, this is the funny part..Every. Single. Time it comes down to what you think the other person is thinking about you, it's "racist". This is YET ANOTHER psychological defeincy you have where you are projecting your own internal thoughts into the minds of others. Ironically, it goes hand in hand with the inferiority complex that causes most racism cases..Has it ever occured to you that possibly NONE of this has to do with people "defending niggers" that you honestly believe but won't admit, that kernel deep in your mind?.Stop that little trick in your mind that blocks the full out racism into casual. And honestly . what you believe..FOLLOW ME HERE: is it possible that we absolutely nobody is "dragging race" into this, and is just picking up on the cues of YOUR OWN racism. Think about it. Who was the one to just say that the cause was racism? Was it "libtards" or "niggerlovers"? or was it yourself?.On the topic of the case, Here's a hint on why it's wrong:.If you cannot handle a melee match and end up shooting a fucking innocent, you SHOULD NOT be on the neighborhood watch and SHOULD NOT be let off scot free. It was a nervous reaction, not a coordinated defense..I swear to fuck, if any of you little shits say one more word about cops shooting innocents and it being so horrible on Reddit in two weeks, you win hypocritical racist of the century awards. The lot of you ignorant pricks..Every, single, week it's "Fucking pigs stealing my guns and shooting innocents.".Next week it's "Fucking good man, made a good choice in a clinch with a thug.".I'd love to see your reaction if it was a horomonal 16 year old drunk girl who got shot for slapping him.
Shut up, nigger
Well said, nigger
You dumb motherfucker. Have you even paid attention to the media, specifically MSNBC and Al "race bait" Sharpton?.Also, it was a 6'3" teen beating the shit out of Zimmerman and smacking his head against the ground. Not a girl slapping him. GTFO and go back to r/politics.
[deleted]
This happened in Florida, not Detroit.
Please excuse my 
I gotta save that one. Worf rocks!
Most people on reddit will tell you whatever huffpo or Salon told them to think. . this he seems the least biased.
Gun laws were upheld you moron.
Lol. I'll simply start a fight, let you beat me up. When you walk away I'll shoot you and call it self defense
NO!!!!!.See I do not get what the fuck you are talking about here. You don't get to "start a fight." the WHOLE POINT is that Zimmerman didn't "start." anything. Trayvon Martin doesn't get to attack someone because they are following him, that's illegal. It's not illegal to follow someone though..If he was found to have "started the fight." than he would have been found guilty. It would have showed intent to harm.
You idiot. You stupid stupid idiot. How the fuck do you know who started the fight? All we have is Zimmermans story and eyewitnesses who all saw something slightly different. What if Zimmerman didn't tell the truth to save his ass?!?!?! What if Zimmerman shouted something at Martin? All we have is his side of the story because he fucking killed the only other person involved you fucking idiot.
That doesn't mean you can attack someone. Martins only wounds were on his knuckles. YOU STUPID FUCKING IDIOT. You should actually look up the facts of the case. Shouting at someone, and following them, are completely fucking legal to do.
[deleted]
I don't even know who the fuck that is. 
O_0 we have to go deeper

Good lord
I don't particularly like to see it either, but I subscribe to . because these immature little fucks are pretty funny sometimes. Let me give you a pro tip - the fact that you're complaining right now about the word "nigger" making to the front page is exactly what they wanted. 
Yea I'm familiar with the nature of 4chan and I'm sure I'm just fueling the fire, but ill still stand up against white on black racism. It's not cool to attack entire classes of people for gender/race/religion I don't care who you are. Message to black people: despite what you see on the internet, most of us white folks are not racist! At least some of us out there see our nation as a whole and hope/vote/work toward common goals that benefit everybody. 

Hurr Durr I'm edgy and racist.
[deleted]
Okay so how did the verdict turn out?
[deleted]
They'll be happy once they've all looted new TVs, after all, isn't that what all this was about?
Classic white racism 
Zimmerman is exactly as white as Obama.
Zimmerman is not white.
Where is the face OP?

Consider GZ is brown, not white, I don't really see that I have any guilt. Second, im not mad about the verdict, just reddit communities' hypocrisy. So go play with the other mentally challenged children troll.
So you haven't seen the ludicrous amount of people calling him white, and calling this a white vs black issue? 
I have. I disregard as this was brown on black, not white on black.  If GZ is white, then white people should now be reclassified as see through, would make about as much sense.
While you can google the shit out of this topic, I'll give you some of the very basic details...
Zimmerman was a member of the local neighborhood watch. If you're not familiar with that, . The idea is it will keep the neighborhood safer since it would potentially be more difficult to commit a crime without someone seeing.
... ANYWAY... Zimmerman saw "a black kid with a hoodie"(Martin), claims Martin attacked him, and wound up shooting and killing him. In Florida, there is a "stand your ground" law which allows you to use deadly force if you are attacked in such a manner.
The controversy is that Zimmerman may have just shot and killed him becasue he was a young black kid and he assumed he was up to no good.
Did Zimmerman have obvious wounds from the claimed attack?
Yes.
Yes.  Broken nose, and lesions on the back of his skull from getting ground pounded into the concrete by a dude who was more physically fit and taller than Zimmerman by a fair bit. 
Then the niggy had it coming I guess. 
Oh god. I'm about to take a flight to Detroit. 
In relation to the airports, if there IS shit going down, you shouldn't have a problem. Metro isn't to close to the serious ghetto.
It's Detroit, there's always shit going down.
WHAT WAS THE GOD DAMN VEDICT I MISSED IT
He was fiund Aladeen.
Have you not seen the front page?
He's probably unsubbed from the defaults, or most of them at least.
He's in deep tonight, he won't be surfacing to the front page for a long, long time...
Who looks at that shithole anyway
Hurr Durr I come to . for critical thought and family-friendly content.
As someone who lives nearby Detroit: This verdict is legitimately frightening.
I'm really enjoying watching all the latent racism about rioting, especially since there isn't any rioting.
top lel
This is shit
Not-Guilty
Usually I can shrug it off but . is really racist.
So are black people.
Two wrongs don't make a white.
wat
neither do two Wongs
You're dumb as fuck
He was found...Hitler
Aka - did nothing wrong?
Pick one.  
dont fuck with me im football team

Im fucking happy my brother George Zimmerman was free!!!! God bless his soul!!! Fucking niggers changing everything into a race war!!! #MYBROTHERISFREE
Everyone knows a teenager was obviously out to assault a grown ass man with some Skittles and an Arizona. Cmon guys, think.
Yeah let's send him to prison since you've got a hunch he did something wrong.
let's send him to prison because he got his ass kicked for sticking his nose in the wrong hole, and then pulled a gun in "self defense".
I honestly do not understand what you mean by ...That was Zimmerman's neighborhood of which he was a member of the Neighborhood watch. Trayvon was cutting through people's property and could have made it home. Instead he choose to attack Zimmerman..The wounds on both people confirm Zimmerman's story along with eye witnesses that show Trayvon was on top of Zimmerman..It's sad that Trayvon died, but he made his choice to violently attack someone instead of going home.
He was 17 and 6 feet tall, much bigger than Zimmerman.
So...The casual racism in the thread and fear because he is "bigger'. Huh. I think I'm starting to understand racists a bit. It kind of all makes sense. It's largely an inferiority complex. This also explains why everyone feels the need to mention they own a gun in the same thread..Keep waving them false dicks people. People will believe you truly are an internet tuff guy soon enough. If you havn't already done so, go get yourself a diesel V8 truck.
What are you talking about?.Wow, SOOOO racist.
Martin being bigger is obviously relevant to the fistfight they were in.. .Which gave Martin the edge to kick Zimmerman's ass...Which gave Zimmerman the right to defend himself...Which led to a not guilty verdict.. .Ever read the shit you type? Common sense, so easy a caveman could do it.
Wow, aren't we a white guilt suffering little faggot today?
And all completely avoidable if Zimmerman doesn't try and play pretend cop.
Doesn't matter whether Zimmerman was playing cop or not.
if that was the case we need more "pretend cops". There are way too many nigger pieces of shit like Trayvon flooding the streets lol.-roaming neighborhood to break into houses
-suspended from school for selling weed
-blood on his knuckles from assaulting someone who attempted to stop his criminal behaviour.
Ah, good ol racism. That didn't take long.
I've got no problem with the color of Martin's skin. I know several black people who are respectable individuals. What I have a problem with is the fact that everyone treated this drop-out, drug dealing, thug like an innocent little saint after he got what was coming to him. "Live by the ., die by the .".
Go fuck yourself. 
He said a lot more than know black people. He said he knows good respectable black people, which Trayvon was not..Trayvon could have just as easily been a whigger instead of a nigger, the only difference would have been the media attention.
fuck off hippie 
Then by all means, let's take guns away from women too..Why? They might play pretend cop and intentionally defend themselves against a rapist or something equally ridiculous..Don't like getting shot?.TRY NOT BREAKING THE FUCKING LAW..Breaking into homes, being generally a low life thug then accosting someone who challenges you on it is not a smart way to have your life end.
So now Martin was breaking into homes? What?
The story goes: Series of break-ins in Zimmerman's neighbourhood. Zimmerman either took it upon himself or conspired with others to form a neighbourhood watch..Confronted Martin, scuffle ensues, Zimmerman draws concealed firearm to defend himself..He's in the clear legally. There was some doubt as to jurisprudence of self-defense applying to property you yourself do not own, and to whether or not Martin was a credible threat to warrant lethal force..At least, this is what I, as a Canadian who only read a little on the subject managed to gather from the case. If I'm wrong, please correct me but it seems to me that unless you have a really good reason to be skulking about property which you do not own then attacking someone for inquiring why you're acting suspiciously then you deserve to be shot.
Oh man. I can count maybe...20-45 times I should've been shot as a 16 year old whilst doing absolutely nothing. Good forbid I raise my voice if called out as a thug too, According to sardy this is legal ground for murder..Is...Is that really your logic?
Thing is no one knows who started the scuffle. For all we know zimmerman started the fight, started losing and shot martin.
If by started the fight meaning hit Trayvon then no. Trayvon's only injuries were damaged knuckles from beating Zimmerman and the gun shot wound.
Yeah, except the only injuries on Martin were his bruised knuckles and the bullet wound.. If Zimmerman .wouldn't he at some point had to have been winning, or at least had to have been on even ground?
I think this is another one of those times you should be shot..
Swing at me for no fucking reason, I'm assuming you're on bath salts and I should have the right to shoot you to prevent my face from being eaten..Any human being who cannot solve arguments or disputes verbally has no legal ground to say "Let me behave badly. C'mon...."
Haha I know right? It's like he lives in some world where assault/battery doesn't apply if the guy throwing the first punch feels .. All that I've read across reddit is people's clear misunderstanding of not only . laws, but their lack of even a menial grasp on the definitions of assault/battery. I'm not a lawyer. I'm far from. . understand that you can't beat people who haven't first assaulted you.

He had a screwdriver, gloves (i think) and women's jewelry in his backpack.
zimmerman is an overzealous neighborhood watch type. .a wild naggler on the prowl appears..zman confronts him. a scuffle ensues. .zman gets his head kicked around, panics, defaults to a john wayne. a naggler no longer on the prowl. 
best explanation ever.
I can see CNN is leaking again.
Dammit, why weren't you on the defence team - the trial would have been over by the end of the opening statements.
You mean observe suspicious people within the scope and capacity of his neighborhood watch position set up because of an ineffective police system in the area?
Well judging based on how the police handled the case yeah it was pretty inept to begin with.
No.. the neighborhood watch was formed due to a bunch of robberies the police weren't doing anything about. Zimmerman had a reason to be doing what he was doing.
Maybe keeping a safe distance. Its not like he had cuffs. What did he hope to gain from a confrontation without police? It was just stupid to do what he did.
It's not a bomb, its a person who can turn and make that safe distance a not safe distance REALLY fast..He DIDN'T confront. He observed, lost Martin, went to find a street sign to tell the dispatcher his exact location and THEN was confronted by TRAYVON.
stop trying to use logic...jupitersclock doesnt respond positively to well thought out logical answers. he just wants to kick his feet and cry. probably didnt hear any of the actual details of the case
MFW MFW is misused and has no face when

TFW when you realized that was the joke.

No you
Only a matter of time before Florida is destroyed with riots
I enjoy when people make assumptions with such conviction and those assumptions don't prove true.
all part of the plan

Basically this is my understanding:.Zimmerman is doing neighborhood watch.Sees black kid in a hoodie walking around his neighborhood. Kid matches description (allegedly) of some recent suspects in other crimes.Zimmerman calls the police but keeps following the kid (trayvon Martin) around even after they till him to chill..Then the iffy part is that Zimmerman heads back to his car and trayvon follows him. Trayvon attacks him and breaks his (zimmerman's) nose. Zimmerman shoots and kills martin. Black people get angry because when black people kill each other by the tens every day in cities like Chicago when a non-black person kills a black person it is definitely race related.
"black people kill each other by the tens every day in cities like Chicago when a non-black person kills a black person it is definitely race related.".Dat logic. "Canadians killed tens of thousands of Nazi's on the beach with America, so when Canada does not fight a war with USA, it is race related.".I agree, by your logic circuit there, I just came up with the perfect solution to your problem!.Shut the fuck up and stay out of our problems!.See that one?.Sucks to have retardedly broken logic twisted on you. Stop doing it. Really think about what you say.
What do you mean "stay out of our problems"? .In chicago (where I live during the summers and breaks) I've got to deal with violence from black people all the time and not one of these "black leaders" does jack about it. Al Sharpton doesn't say crap, Jesse Jackson doesn't say crap, all these preachers and charismatic people coming out for Trayvon don't open their mouths. They just let it happen. When people have to live with constant gunfire and gang violence coming from the black community (I'm not saying whites and latin americans aren't a part of it as well but black people are disproportionately represented when it comes to violent crime) it is my problem. Then when I go to school I've got to deal with black kids literally running around and punching people in the face at night for no reason whatsoever. This past year on my college campus every single sexual assault, theft, assault, burglary and major crime except for 1 peeping tom has been committed by a black person and again not one of these idiots running their mouth about poor ole trayvon said jack..You want me to stay out of the black communities problems I'd be glad to if the black community didn't keep bringing them to 2 of the different cities I live in.
His statement at least made enough sense for me to know what he was talking about while your WWII analogy was completely incomprehensible.
lol niggers
You missed the part where Martin had Z on the ground, was on top of him, and was repeatedly smashing Z's head into the ground..Shooting him was, in my opinion (and now, the jury) perfectly justifiable.
I've been trying to wrap my head around all of this, and I didn't hear about this part. This makes it a lot more justified it seems.

My bad and yeah I think following him in the beginning was foolish but after that once Trayvon attacked (which I believe he did) shooting him wasn't excessive.
And in other news, water is wet.
This better not be a ruse. 
from a master ruseman?
The comments here are basically people on opposing sides calling each other idiots.
This is Reddit, duh.
I'm in fucking NY and as soon as I heard about the verdict I opened a new box of 00 buck. Gonna be a long night.
BB gives more superficial damage and less energy is wasted going through the wall behind them. It also has better spread.
Your assumptions about riots that didn't occur says more about your character than anybody else's.
Zimmerman jr. in the making here

Do nigger wails not bring you pleasure?
TODAY OP WAS A FAGGOT


I posted a video link inside of the comment.  It doesn't have to be a picture.
Shit, didn't notice the link

Posts another meaningless comment instead of deleting the original meaningless comment.
We Zimmerman now, nigga.
#thankyoubasedzimmerman
That's a pleasant change. Usually it's Person A calling Person B a faggot. Then person B calls Person A a nigger. Then Person C comes out of nowhere and calls both Person A and B a double nigger. That's when shit hits the fan.
Yo, shut up you double niggers.
I double dawg nigger you. 

As someone who goes into Detroit for work. I do not envy you one bit. I'm in and out. Avoiding Detroit at all costs right now.
I go back in on monday, how bad is it?
[deleted]
So...Better than last Tuesday when welfare checks came late?
Isn't that a long term plus, anyway? I've heard that there's a shit ton of surplus buildings there. Crackheads and hobos can't hide there, any remaining copper is easier to get at. Win-win.
It's the weekend; of course there's going to be a 90% rise in arsons in Detroit.
The kind of person who arson probably don't have jobs, so the weekend doesn't change much for them.
It's Detroit; of course there's going to be a 90% rise in arsons in Detroit.
Calm down.
Been listening to the police scanner and I have already heard talk of two break ins tonight. Possibly unrelated, but it's been over a month since there was a break in anywhere in town. I live in a town where over 30 people got involved in a riot because somebody stole a can of soda off a  porch. Anything is possible here.
He couldn't hear you, he just got up and followed a guy down the street. THE CYCLE IS COMPLETE.
Here in NY this guy would have been seriously fucked. The trial would have lasted 15 minutes. In NY, there is no stand your ground law, rather we have a "legal duty to retreat" which means only after you are backed into a corner, with no where to run, and no where to hide, can you use lethal force in self defense.
They didn't even use SYG in the defense.
Lethal force with what? Getting a gun in NY is one thing all in itself, but being able to actually carry it?.In NY Zimmerman would have just been beat half or full to death and Martin would have run off into the night never to be seen again. He would have been home before the police even got there..NY is a fucked up place man. You can't defend yourself from anything. I'm almost certain that the law states that if someone breaks into your house in NY that you have to give them the deed to the house and move out, or face jail time.
THEY ALWAYS GET AWAY
I think he was between the ground and the guy
So he should have run.
Don't start a fight you can't win.  Unless you're in Florida, I guess.  
NY probably wouldn't give fuck anyways. They would probably spew some bullshit about how he could have fought his way out with his fist. NY is the most gun unfriendly place in the union. The kind of place where all of the parts to build an illegal rifle can be bought legally, but not assembled.
You used to be able to shoot an unarmed felon in the back, in New York. It's been a while, but it was on the books. 
There's no face
Stolen.
What's in the pic?!
A 4chan screencap.
Don't you know that mfw means motherfuckingwin?!! XD


Do you even sarcasm?
D-d-did y-you just s-say that to m-me?! You're a double nigger!
A double nigger is a double negative. I am indeed white.
Because he's hiding 


Welcome to ..
Zimmies rustled
Nigger whales? 
what
Bubbie?
mah nigga

Cable TV
Living North of Detroit in some of America's whitest area, people were launching fireworks as soon as the verdict came out
Cleveland here. I heard fireworks by me. 
Bullshit.  I'm in Royal Oak, no one is lighting anything off.
Implying Royal Oak is Detroit's only suburb..I'm from Shelby.
I'm from Ann Arbor, fuck you plebs.
Ann Arborite checking in, we're not a suburb of Detroit, idiot.
Good thing I never said we were friend, I was just pointing out our moral and intellectual superiority. 
Lel. I bet you jerk off the chimps begging near CVS and shit.
Please then, do proceed!
Spare a little change?.How bout a . change?
he said he was white
bullshit, white people dont live in Detroit
I live in Detroit, also am white.
Pick one.  
What about Rucka Rucka Ali?

There's Eminem, he's at least half-white.
I'll go with Detriot
Congratulations, now you're black.
pick one
Congratulations then.









Still suprised that everyone is suprised about the verdict.
[deleted]
Yeah. When the situation was first brought to public attention (with no small outcry from reddit itself), the situation seemed very sketchy. Why was this guy just let go after killing someone, with little to no investigation? I think all the uproar that the media has caused is shameful.  The picture the media painted was vastly different than what actually happened.
I feel as if he should have gotten some sort of punishment. Not a murder charge but he followed him and what not. Stupid by both parties. 
As they say, It takes two to cause an accident
It's not illegal to follow someone.
Never said it was, bluh.
You have to admit the prosecution really blew it when they called their "star" witness


Justice system sucks? You mean because there was a fair trial instead of ignoring every piece of evidence and letting the black man be innocent because of his race? 
[deleted]
Well when the black man is dead, it shows that it kinda sucks
Yeah... the justice system had nothing to do with the extinguishment of Martin's existence...
Im the fucktard for reading and interpreting your comment as it should be. Perhaps rewrite it? Something like "they think the justice system sucks"..?.You sound like a fucking idiot.
[deleted]
The problem is it technically wasn't breaking any laws, except maybe not listening to the police..He's a horrible man and the law is shit, but you can't convict someone of murder based on personality traits.
The dispatcher is not a police officer. Also, the dispatcher never said "do not follow him", they said "we don't need your help". .In  both cases, he did nothing illegal. He was a concerned citizen that got in way over  his head. Martin is dead, Zimmerman's life is ruined and the only people happy that this happened are the people that own news broadcasting stations. 
Are you fucking serious the kid was whailing his head into the cement.
The fuck are you on about faggot? A not guilty verdict is the only reasonable call to make.
I bet you're white 
I'm black and i've seen the evidence presented in the trial. Guy's a sucker with a hero's complex but he didn't start the fight and he was getting the shit beaten out of him, that's self defense.
[deleted]
Some body didn't watch the trial evidence..911 doesn't tell people to do shit..Martin doubled back around and attacked Zimmerman. Martin brought nigaitude to a gun fight.
Zimmerman was definitely a tool that made some wrong decisions, but he didn't deserve jail time for defending himself. Maybe a "Hey, you fucked up by getting into this mess. Don't let it happen again."
A police dispatcher has no legal right to tell him not to follow 
Well, they do. But a citizen is under no obligation to obey their orders.
Exactly. Everyone is surprised because they totally expected the court to make a non-reasonable decision.
actually, he followed the kid, then the kid followed him when he was walking back to his car, and initiated the confrontation.The "kid" is a fit 17 year old 6ft tall nigger who tried to fuck up a 5'7 fat mexican and got shot
And you are a worthless, ugly white-trash piece of shit. 
The fact that the State could not disprove this theory is the reason the jury is correct.  The facts presented at trial created more than reasonable doubts about the State's theory of the case.
So it's illegal for neighborhood watch to follow a six foot tall black guy matching the description of suspects in several prior burglaries in the neighborhood, then shoot him when he starts smashing your head into the concrete? Get real. 
You've said it in the most succinct way I've ever heard - and entirely accurate based on the 30 hours of YouTube video of the trial I've watched....Which is what the jury listened to as well - and who decided he was innocent.
Now, through a statement released by the National Sheriffs Association (NSA)  the parent organization of USAonWatch-Neighborhood Watch  it has been revealed that Zimmerman was not a member of any group recognized by the organization. Zimmerman violated the central tenets of Neighborhood Watch by following Martin, confronting him and carrying a concealed weapon..In no program that I have ever heard of does someone patrol with a gun in their pocket, Carmen Caldwell, the Executive Director of Citizens Crime Watch of Miami-Dade, told theGrio. Every city and municipality has their own policies. Here in Miami-Dade we train people only to be the eyes and ears of their communities. Not to follow and most definitely not to carry a weapon.
That may be the case, but even as a regular resident he had every right to be suspicious, and had every right to carry a concealed weapon. Read carefully: being followed is not license to attack a person. Being attacked . license to defend yourself with deadly force. Obviously the jury saw it that way, despite the judge, prosecutor, president, and black community trying . in their power to undermine the law. Justice prevails, fuck them. Now Zimmerman's attorneys should file suit against Mr. Martin and Trayvon's girlfriend for perjury, and the prosecutors office for concealing evidence. Somebody has to show them that you don't just get to cheat the justice system. I expected it from the nignogs, but the prosecutors too? Really? Fucked up. Sue the shit out of all of them. Fuck them like they tried to fuck him.
Goddamn this post gave me a hard on.
But he was told not to follow him and the police would be on their way. A burglar is a criminal, lots of criminals are dangerous, why would you follow one?.EDIT: you guys seem mad lol. I dont really care about this case. It's not the first time a black boy was killed 
The only criminal here, is George Zimmerman. 
Not according to a jury of his peers.
A . told him not to. They have no real authority because they are not real cops. 
Bollocks. You didn't listen to the trial did you?.He was NOT told not to follow him.
Being told not to follow him is not the law of the land. Understand how the system works.
What's the point of having a neighborhood watch if you just call the police whenever some shady looking person walks down the street? You need to get evidence or at least probable cause if you want cops to take you seriously. 
Its called neighborhood . for a reason. 
Watch them die from gun shots?
He wasn't told shit. They said he didn't need to follow him. Not that he couldn't..Stop defending the fact that some little piece of shit got dealt with. The world is a better place for it.
That's exactly right. The non-police officer dispatcher didn't say "don't follow him."  They said "we don't need you to do that." Nuff said. 
Regardless, the response of following the kid to either of those would have been both legal.
Because you're the neighborhood watch? Because you're tired of people burglarizing homes in your community? He disobeyed police, but that isn't reason to bash his head into the sidewalk. White America was put on trial. That's what this whole thing boils down to. 
Unsurprisingly, White America was acquitted. You can read that however you want.
The guy was half Mexican and  half Jewish. Ask a KKK member if he is considered "white". The only reason the media was able to press the "white vs black" angle was because his last name was Zimmerman. If his father was Mexican and mother Jewish, and his last name was Lopez, this wouldn't have even made a small blurb in the local newspaper. 
It was standing trial for an obvious self defense case, which was only called for because black people couldn't stand the thought that a black kid could be killed for attacking what they thought was a white man (unsurprisingly). The offensive part is that he never would have been called to trial if they knew he wasn't white. You should read up on Dr. Shelby Steele. .If blacks can't stand the thought of being profiled then they should .! Shocker, I know..
He's Hispanic you moron.
Read the comment I responded to you moron
I'm confused, do you think White America was put on trial or not?
Technically, 911 dispatchers are not police. Not usually. And, IIRC, they didn't say "don't follow him." The non-police dispatcher said "we don't need you to do that." Big difference and doesn't matter anyways. Murder charges? Get real. They should have charged him with something more reasonable, but instead the prosecutors got greedy, then cheated, and then proceeded to shoot themselves in the foot every step of the way. The judge even gave them a gift by instructing the jurors that they could consider the lesser manslaughter charge (total bullshit, btw) and they still acquitted him. Thank god the jurors were smart because prosecuting attorneys went full retard. 
[deleted]
Well aren't you a delightfully bigoted piece of a shit.
You're absolutimente correct, but Zimmerman's lawyers made the point that it was a self defense case: if you can't find him guilty of murder, then he isn't guilty of manslaughter either. The prosecutors should be disbarred for not only being unethical but also incompetent. The defense team were fucking champs though. Those guys tore shit up despite having the deck stacked against them (all the way to the fucking jig president).
Well, seeing the white gun owning public being blamed by every black person across the country, seeing black celebs like Spike Lee releasing what he thought was Zimmerman's family's address to an outraged violent black audience, seeing the black president of the United States misuse his office to support people calling for the death of what they . was a white man, will do that to you. Rest assured, Zimmerman wasn't the only one on trial. White America was on trial. .The prosecution hid evidence. The judge was argumentative with the defense, hoping to derail their ability to fight the charges. The Black Panthers threatened to riot in white neighborhoods. The fuck did white people do? Why am . the bad guy because an . defended himself from some 6' tall motherfucker slapping his head against the sidewalk? Motherfucker wasn't even white! None of the angry blacks at the rallies have . been slaves. I've never profited from or owned slaves. That time is well past us, and is remembered as a stain on American history. That being said, seeing the black community mishandle this whole thing has made me cynical more than anything else. Fuck them and the fuckin president. Push come to shove, I know that if I ever have to defend myself from a black man I will have to get the hell out of Dodge, because the . system is going to come down on me. The roles have been completely reversed and "equality" means little more than "you crackers are the niggers now". Fuck that..Why is Spike Lee not in jail for attempting to incite violent hate crime? Why has the president not been impeached for lending the credibility of the .  to one angry side of a .? Where is the justice in that? Why is Trayvon's dad and girlfriend not standing trial for perjury in a murdercase? Fuck ..
You are to blame because you believe that GZ is an innocent man. You deserve whatever you get, up to and including your ass on a spit on the losing end of a race riot. 

When the roles do get reversed...I hope they get people like you first. 

Very well put....
But the media has already told everyone what to think after making sure it turns into a race issue for more publicity. And their words are then regurgitated onto social media where idiots are just waiting for an excuse to be angry about something. .The clueless people are getting information from the biased people. 
Neither side cares about the facts. .It's been a fucking long time and people still think he is a fucking white guy. Hispanic. 

Every word you are saying could be correct, that's not my point.  My point is that you are a racist piece of shit.  So if you're being wronged by other racist assholes who have different skin pigmentation, you're all assholes together :)

If you are a concealed carrier, you take a class that teaches you never to allow yourself to be in any situation that could escalate to the point where you need to use your weapon. Zimmerman did the exact opposite. He walked out at night to confront someone he thought might be a criminal. He did this while carrying a concealed weapon. Fucking brain dead. .So while I understand the verdict and agree he couldn't be convicted of murder, Zimmerman is still a reckless vigilante and will be Exhibit A for years to come of precisely what NOT to do when carrying a concealed weapon. 
And you will be exhibit a in trials involving Internet dipshits who know neither the nuances of law or common sense. 
He didn't confront Trayvon, Trayvon confronted him.
Zimmerman went outside to see if the kid was a criminal. When you're a concealed carrier, you DO NOT check for trouble. You run away from it, because you have a gun and want to make sure you're not placed in a position to use it. .This is what they drill into your head in concealed weapon classes. Zimmerman was a bonehead (too kind of a word) to leave his house to follow Martin. Any concealed carrier will tell you that was extremely irresponsible. .Doesn't mean he should have been convicted of murder, but it does make him someone I do not want around me. 
Dude he got out of his car. He wasn't at his house when he saw trayvon. 
Ok, then replace the word house with car. No other words need to be changed. My point stands.
Why the fuck even have a gun if you're going to run away from trouble? A better investment would be running shoes.
Concealed Carry is for self-defense as a last resort. Period. You don't play police just because you have a gun, or you might kill someone (like Martin) and ruin your own life (make no mistake, Zimmerman's life is ruined). 
Guaranteed 99% of people complaining are the ones who haven't even seen/listened to the trial.
Criminally he was aquitted. There is still the civil trial that I'm sure will happen. 

Look at the facts? Ain't nobody got time for that.
I guess this is their payback for the OJ verdict
You browse Deadspin too?
I wouldn't put it that way. I think Zimmerman wasn't guilty of murder, and that's it. He was acting in self defense and wasn't trying to kill Tayvon but was just scared for his life. OJ was a cold blooded killer who got off because of slick lawyers and a bias media. 
But the OJ verdict was payback from the Rodney King verdict.
Yes, the black community is one unified thing and two completely different cases are karmically balanced or some shit.
The OJ verdict was (debatably) payback for the LAPD/Rodney King verdict.
April 29, 1992. There was a riot in the streets, where were you?
I have no a Google. What was the verdict on the Rodney King thing? 
Probably not born.
I'm still pissed about what happened to Reginald Denny..All the fuckwads screaming about how their poster boy didn't do shit, regardless of whether they did or not, and what did Denny do?.He was never arrested, charged with a crime, pulled over, or even involved with law enforcement anytime prior to his savage beating.
He was doing white in a ghetto. The mob . to pull him over.
I was sitting home watching my TV.
The police officers that . brutally beat him were acquitted. 
Didn't kill him, just beat him.
Oh damn, you're right. I remember now that King was found dead in a pool not so long ago. 
Yeah, he was pretty much a strung out crack head.  I'm not justifying him getting beaten, but he was certainly not the martyr that some tried to say he was.
The entire beating was filmed by a bystander though.
He was found guilty of being black
I've been saying this for days. I'm so fucking happy someone agrees
HAHAHAHHAH HOLY SHIT YOU'RE RIGHT
How many whales of niggers does it take to screw in a white light bulb? 
Way off bro. 
it is "wails" of niggers 
No, definitely whale niggers.
Man the coonpoons.
zero because they can't afford electricity therefore wouldn't know how
Except OJ probably committed murder, and Zimmerman probably defended himself from a thug. 
Woosh
But dat white guilt doe
Black kid walking home = thug. Fuck people like you which is most of America. 
White kid on drugs with a gun he's not licensed for = thug..Black kid on drugs with a gun he's not licensed for = thug..The only reason race is involved is because MSNBC doctored a recording to leave out the part where the police asked Zimmerman about the appearance of Treyvon, leaving the recording with him just saying 'He's black' out of the blue. 
First off this so called thug you speak of had no gun on him or he would be Ali e today. Second most people in American and around the world smoke weed or have tried it so don't hand me that he was on drugs bullshit. Smoking weed doesn't make you a thug, I guess you think Seattle and Colorado are now filled with thugs. 
He wasn't carrying it with him, but he had photos of himself with it. Beyond that, it's not the fact he was taking a drug - I drink caffeine every day. It's that the thug was breaking the law over something so silly. Beyond ., he assaulted someone..Jury's in, he was a thug. 
he had smoked weed and didnt have a gun
Oh I guess you were there and saw exactly what happened that night? Right jack ass? You don't know who assaulted so stop spewing your speculation. The jury decided the evidence was not enough to convict not that Trayvon was a thug. For all we know Zimmerman could've flashed his gun and the fight started but no one knows. Last it's clear your just another Internet lawyer because anyone who knows anything about law knows that attacking someone is a battery not an assault. 
Battery is a type of assault. Your grammar is terrible. Flashing a gun isn't grounds for attacking someone..There's a reason people like you typically go ignored. 
I'm studying for bar now so no battery is not a type of assault you idiot it's a tort. And if you're looking for perfect grammar on the Internet when people are typing on phones good fucking luck. And last flashing a gun is grounds for an assault and you would know this if you knew any tiny bit of law. It's called self defense. You know where you can use equal force to defend yourself?!? A gun is greater force than a fist so he would've had every right to attack if that was how it actually went down. Now take your dismissive people like you line and shove it where the sun don't shine. 
you should probably actually read about what happened that night
 is leaking  .ugh
Probably?
You know what wasn't probably. That OJ walked over her back after she died. That shit was real.
You're missing the point...
Zimmerman followed and instigated a fight with some kid, then shot him.
Which is apparently legal in Florida.
I'm still confused how people think Zimmerman is in the wrong, he had a concealed carry(not illegal) he followed him(not illegal) e was talking to a dispatcher and they cautioned Zimmerman not to follow Martin. He didnt have to listen to the dispatcher. They are not actual officers. Zim follows little tray tray on foot until he loses sight and heads back to his vehicle. Martin then attacks him. Now Martin had more than enough time to run back to his house. This means that he doubled back and attacked zim and he shot him in self defense 
The Zim Zam shot a man.
Can't simmer the zimmer
I forgot. Sorry for my attempts to flim flam.
you are ignorant. the phone records show that martin talked to his girlfriend before going back to zimmerman to be the instigator. but please, keep being a stupid piece of shit.
Will do.
The first one to use violence(Martin) is at fault for any fight that occurred.
Zimmerman talked shit and got his ass kicked. He got mad and shot the guy.
But what if he was instigated.. with fightin' words?
Imo, the only words that one should respond to with violence are threats of serious bodily injury or death to your person.
If I were being followed in the neighborhood I lived in by a strange older guy, there's a decent chance I would start to defend myself physically when I felt that he was too close.
Would you also double back and attack him when you were 1 block away from your home? 
When did he double back? All that was said during the conversation was that Zimmerman lost his view of Martin at some point, then Martin took a 45 second call from his girlfriend, then 30 seconds later they had their fight. Maybe Zimmerman ran into him again at that point, or maybe Martin turned around because he thought the guy following him was gone. 
He would have had to double back becuase zim was walking back to his car.

I guess that's the problem with this case eh? Noone . knows what transpired since only one guy is left standing.
And, you know, witnesses.
Heh heh two man enter... One man leave 
History is written by the victors.
Obviously, you MUST get violent with people who are not being violent with you..There is a difference between ."Yo, get the fuck back man!".And ."What's your problem, homie?!?!?"."I don't have any problem"."Well you got one now!".The second one is the one that played out before Martin hit Zimmerman..Also worth noting, when the cop mistakenly told him the whole thing have been recorded he said "Thank God". That proves nothing but it is not something that someone who was worried about being prosecuted would say
You know this for a fact? Please link me to one source where there is a recording or a witness account of that conversation taking place..The only witness accounts they have, from what I've read, are those that started after Zimmerman yelled help..I can believe Martin started the physical confrontation, but I have a hard time believing that following him around isn't what lead to it.  Should you really be surprised when a nervous 17 year old you are trailing doesn't respond in the most thought-out way?
17 yr old with . doesn't respond in the most thought out way....You left some stuff out.

WHY WERE YOU NOT IN THE COURT ROOM TO GIVE YOUR TESTIMONY?!?!!?.YOU COULD HAVE TOTALLY CLEARED ALL THIS UP!!!.when the cop mistakenly told Zimmerman the whole thing have been recorded he said "Thank God". That proves nothing but it is not something that someone who "got mad and shot the guy" would say.
Fucking idiot.
You keep saying that, but I'm not sure of th relevance.
Someone who has just murdered an individual or had a "bad shoot" DOESNT WANT THAT TO BE RECORDED!.This isn't rocket surgery, use some logic and critical thinking now. This annecdote implies Zimmerman knew it was a clean shoot from the get go.
Or he was diluted to thinking he was a hero from the get go.
Uh huh... go back to sucking Nancy Grace's asshole.

We can piece things together from evidence. Like the fact that the only injuries on Trayvon was the bullet hole and damage to his knuckles. Logic tells us that this combined with Zimmerman's FACTUAL injuries points to Zimmerman not having the upper hand in that fight..Also worth noting, when the cop mistakenly told Zimmerman the whole thing have been recorded he said "Thank God". That proves nothing but it is not something that someone who was worried about being prosecuted would say
Honestly, all that is circumstantial and conjecture at best. Luckily, that's how the justice system is supposed to work, having to prove someone's guilt rather than defending his innocence.
There is a fight, one person is badly beaten, the other has only injuries to his knuckles. USING REASON AND LOGIC, tell me what generally transpired between the two..Guess what? It CAN be done!.I also said it didn't prove anything, but that doesnt mean it isn't helpful in aiding us to craft the narative of events from evidence and testimony.

"fighting words" are things like "I'm going to fucking kill you motherfucker" with an obvious ability to follow through on those threats. Harassing someone with insults, including slurs, is not "fighting words".
"some kid" who attacked him. "some kid" who was a pothead w/ a gun he wasn't licensed for..If Treyvon didn't want to get shot, then he probably shouldn't have responded to something he didn't like (being followed) with a more measured approach than outright assault. .The fact is, this only became an issue because MSNBC doctored a recording and people like you got your minds stuck on a certain perception. 
"People like me?" Do tell me more about myself
if you think weed makes people violent, you dont know jack
Makes you paranoid and anxious, some don't deal well with that.
Yeah, Jack's pretty chill. 
I Am Jack's Complete Lack of Surprise 
I Am Jack's Complete Lack of Originality
It makes dumb people even dumber, and Martin was a dumbass.
All evidence shows that Martin was the aggressor.
Yeah ok
Doesn't matter what 'evidence' says! Redditors, Facebookers and bias media corporations know better! We have . instincts for a reason!
[deleted]
My money on who started the fight was the kid with signs of DXM abuse..CoughTrayvonCough
Not according to the Not Guilty verdict. The verdict says what happened regardless of your speculation. 
--OJ Simpson
Correct. Blame the justice system, but that is what happened.
Zimmerman didn't know where Trayvon was for 4 minutes. Trayvon had 400 yards left to run to get to home. Tell me a 17 year old football player cannot run 400 yards in 4 minutes.
Trayvon decided to confront Zimmerman and thus was the aggressor.
You're right, that could be what happened, but that's not what the testimonies and evidence shows. 
I kinda feel Martin got what he deserved in your version of the events.  I don't know about you or nig nogs, but when someone with a gun tries to instigate a fight with me, my first instinct isn't to break his nose.
"Could have" is not a legal argument, dipshit.
That's all the case was. Some could haves.
Listen dummy, if we just connect the dots around the existing evidence for this could have situation it all works out. 
You've completely changed my mind.
I feel like I'm in the third grade again. 
I love thinking back to 3rd grade so I'll show you my peeper if you give me a peek at your dingaling. For nostalgia or whatever nohomo 
Well, it is... but only as a defense.
Only person in this thread who has any idea what he's talking about.

You can't simmer the zimmer!
Cant dim the Zim!
It's been a thing. /pol/ more.
he looks like chaz bono
I think we have a new Scumbag Steve. 
I read that in Bill Cosby's voice.
Ahh. ZimZam and Dorner riding off into the sunset, make a nice picture wouldn't it? 
This needs to be a picture.
Can't simmer the zimmer
That jacket is sweet
I read this as Jeremy Clarkson would say it. Sweeeeeeeet!.EDIT: 
For clarification purposes. 
Yeah, it's a weird pattern, that I've not seen before, a mix of windowpane and houndstooth.     Interesting.
It's almost hypnotizing.
It reminds me of that assholes jacket in FO:NV. Benny is it?
[deleted]
I don't know, but that fucker deserved to die
I think so
Etiam risus.
[deleted]
You're on ., mind you.
Lol it's gonna be so funny once us white people are the minority.
At least we can enjoy jobs we're under qualified for, if Obama doesn't take away Affirmative Action in his 6th term.
Strength is in money, not numbers.
I don't know how to count my money now.
yeah how'd that work out for the whites in south africa
Didn't hire enough people to shoot the other people.
Nothing more dangerous than a man with nothing to lose. 
It's gonna take at least 30 more years for that, but yeah...
And that's why George Zimmermann is a hero.  Doing his part to keep whitey top dog.
At least someone is honest, instead of claiming the verdict was somehow just 
Why wasn't Trayvon Martin at the case? It seems like he should have been there.
He died.
really? how?
Malaria
Habeus Corpus, motherfucker!
someone needs to post a "George Zimmerman Inspiration album" in . 
Damn those birds are sexy.
dat feel when you wish you knew the person(s) in the pic
lol, every picture on 4chan is potentially nsfw. you don't need a fucking tag for that.
Can't see OP's ID, suspect samefaggotry
Ok, I see a pic of 3 girls and pics of a bunch of flamingos. What's the joke here? Any sauce in higher resolution?
The joke is we're all going to be arrested for CP.
there's a flamingo in the pic of the girls
OP, NSFW tag please!
NSFW
from 4chan? Oh my god, Becky...
NSFW "Reddiquette Still Applies"
This is older than your virginity, kid
Wait, what?
I don't think he thought that one through...
I did. 
get a real job you whiny faggots.
Yeah I don't get to browse the internet at work.  
Oh, it's not their right names and the english is even wrong, that's funny.

Jimbles Notronbo is best child
Yes.
thank
Jimbles is kill?
no

scroll to the end because it seems like one of those faggot lyric stories. was not disappointed.
Oh ho ho ho. A new variation of an extremely overdone meme. Reddit gonna love did. 
(   ) i love did
God. Fucking. Dammit.
The people who know which board this is, please don't let it get flooded with reddit fags thinking its the new cool thing. Don't mention it.
/v/
Turkfag here, kek means cake in Turkish..Allahuakbar, i keel you bitches.
kek
wat



Say what you want, but topkek is fucking delicious.
this is /mlp/, right?
Seems like /s4s/ actually. 
Top Kek .Top Lel.Kek is love, kek is life.Kek
is it really hard to interpret if you're not kebabturk
Yes.
bur
In World of Warcraft, "LOL" would be seen as "KEK" by the opposite faction in a speech bubble.
More specifically, when typed by a Horde player (Horde master race) "lol" appears as "Kek" to Alliance plebs. .When typed by an Ally and read by a Horde, "lol" reads as "bur". .Source: Played for 3 years. Lok'tar Ogar, motherfuckers. 
Kill yourself Horde scum.
I was there
Goddammit OP. I can't decide which one burns my eyes more, that theme or thread.
This post literally gave me cancer. 
Op is literally Hitler. Literally.
Decent ass, terrible taste in music. 
What ass?
thatthejoke.jpg.fag
If it was a joke he would have said she has good taste in music.

Cancerous thread. I'm checking myself tomorrow ASAP.
Also check for Aids.faggot
"Sorry I would love to bend you over and fuck you in the ass but tisk tisk that skrillex hoodie is just preventing me from establishing an erect penis"
Translation provided by: Whichguy
Stormfags....
That is the greyest suit I have ever seen.
RIP in pieces.jpg
I really don't want to laugh at this...

reenact, you retard
What's the wtf post, I want to see what they have to say

shoot liberals/tolerists first...

Wow, besides the occasional faggot post they're actually talking in-depth about the case.
What's with the Skittles?
Do you even news, faggot?
ya im 12 sry XD
Charlie ,would you like to try a regular wonky bar..
I like how they have him holding the pack of newports along with the skittles, the ultimate black people cigarette.
I think it's a can of Arizona tea. 
I am saving this
lost it at the rainbow
Lost what?
it you fuckwit
What's it?

Huh?
Something you don't get.
<Imagine a long raging post here, preferably stale copypasta. Thank you>
Yeah, okay, but what is it?
<Ok, now imagine a super long and hilarious collection of animated GIFs expressing frustration in unexpected ways. That should help>
Holy shit, haha, sauce on the third gif?

If you have it, you don't need it..If you need it, you don't have it. .If you have it, you need more of it. If you . more of it, you don't need . of it. You need it to get it. And you . need it to get more of it. But if you don't already have any of it to begin with, you can't get any to get started, which means you really have no idea how to get it in the first place, do you? You can share it, sure, you can even stockpile it if you like, but you can't fake it. . it, . it, . for it. .The point is, if you've never had any of it, ., people just seem to know.
You still didn't address the issue of someone not knowing what it is. Thanks anyway.
The lesson learned here is don't bring Skittles to a gun fight.
My personal favourite...
Zulu is a good movie. 
Lol, awesome
...I cant breathe!!...hahaha...
What is really wtf is this comment had 53 points till the mod hid it, now its 1 point.  
WTFags are retarded. This is pretty good.
Shut it faggot before I clopclop you right in the penis
Yea I love how butthurt some of them were. I think I saw someone say it was too soon. Shit happened like a year ago.
link to original post so we can enjoy their butthurt?
Seriously. All these fuckers expecting me to actually digg that shit.
lel, it's funny because he was shot
hurr durr
Fuck off 
Lol, just a 9mm

This is some weak shit.

that wasnt funny you feggot
The fuck is up with this screen cap?
Dat aspect ratio.
Literally the worst screen cap ever. How do you fuck up a screen cap? I'm baffled.

I just went through your profile and downvoted every post, because fuck you
God fucking dammit OP.   
Why the fuck is this even screened/posted?
Because 12 year old edginess. 
Such a novel thread idea. Well done on finding this, op.
Who the fuck upvotes this?
12 year old 2edgy4u faggots that think if a post says "nigger" it's automatically comedy gold. 
The fuck...?
How did you do the backwards /?
[deleted]

3edgy5me
Cool joke man.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't that a burger in ihis bag?  (Very right)
are those apples or butts


OP being straight.
Least funny, most overused 3dgy joke you now. Go
"Womyn's Rights"
HAHAHAHAHAHAH
Huehuehue ultimate trooollll lel XD
It's funny because they all said the same thing. Right?
One guy said Womans Lefts
No it's funny because they are all virgins who also post in 
huehuehue
Or they were just trolling the OP...
only in summer, but yes
those are genius
It's not a bowl
Posting..Edit:.
fantastic
Lost it, found it, and lost it again.
what a stupid quote"more stars than atoms" what the hell are the stars made up of , non atoms. If there are that many stars there should be a bat shit crazy amount of atoms..hey it must be true! scientist in background!
You really aren't very bright, are you?
didn't look at title or sub, got reeeeally fucking confused by these quotes until i reached the last one and figured it out haha
Lel
Err... Richard Branson has got a functioning prototype for No.3 and as for No.8, the quote may be bullshit but Darwin does mention a lot of (not objectively inaccurate) stuff about race in "The Descent of Man" that would ruffle modern sensibilities.
these are real quotes! they have faces behind them! pffff yeah newton and nitrogen what???
yes i made comments for your validation. either laugh or not . 
i like the premise but i feel like these weren't done too well, anyone have more of these?
I thought this was . for a sec
dunno , dont care. its like saying in lego land there are more sculptures made of legos than legos in the park. whats the difference if iam bright or not , Iam right.
The whole point is that the quotes are completely retarded. He called you not bright because you didn't see that
lol yeah it smacked me in the face they are all off.
I'm glad something did.
ouch i feel hurt ;o . Iam glad you feel better though.

[deleted]
i believed all of those for a sec
Step 1: find a bridge.Step 2: jump off it.
is cuz he obi dobi kenobi's cousin.
Hyenas gon hyen...
you fucker. 
Hyenas aren't canids, they're . . OP is lying. Those aren't real quotes..Edited. Point is still valid. Hyenas aren't canids.
Actually they only share the suborder of Feliformia, but are only relatives of Felidae family. Hyaenidae is the the family. Get it straight fucker.
Fine. Edited. Point still valid--hyenas aren't canids.
Woosh.
lol look at this nerd, trying to be all smart and shit
lol look at this nerd, goes to /x/
lol look at this nerd reading books
Woosh-baited.
posting this shit to . brb.Edit: 
Post it to .. They'll love it.
I love how they thought it was funny and bitched out the mod for his bullshit
Posting..Edit:.
Fucking wonderful, thanks. I would post but I don't want to mess up my beautiful link karma amount.
Too bad I called everyone in that thread a faggot already. 
You'll probably do better in . 
Fuck, it got taken down. Looks like you forgot to read the new maymay policy.
No, they were removed for being fake quotes. He followed the current policy for posting memes and images.
You can't prove without a shadow of a doubt that they never said those things, you sneaky atheist mod.
lolololol u trole athiests
That dude sounded pretty pretentious to me. Who the hell speaks like that?
how is that pretentious? what else do you expect them to say?
BEGONE VILE DEIST THINE WORDS SHALL NOT PENETRATE THIS SACRED ABODE OF MY MIND..I CAST THEE OUT...
I don't know, maybe:."Fuck off before you get banned.".Or."Stop posting this shit, it's not funny.".Or ."Please stop posting spam.".I can go on forever, but "Desist with this ridiculous posting or you will be removed from this sub" sounds like someone trying to exert some non-existant authoritative power onto you. I hover over the dude's flair and it's "Knight of r/new". When I read this, I imagine some fedora wearing atheistfag..Although, pretentious may have been the wrong word to describe it.

He's also most likely German (due to the nick), so he's probably also angry 
This is true.
Angry, yet saying efficiently nice things. 
Mad that he can never tell Jewish jokes again

 has cleaned their shit up pretty well recently tho. He should post this to . 

It was pretty brave..That said, it's also pretty true.

so original
Yes and calling people retarded is the apex of wit and originality. I'm sure . is renouncing their godlessness as we speak following your . burn. .Jackass.
Yes and calling people jackass is the apex of wit and originality. I'm sure I am crying in a corner as we speak following your epic burn..Faggot
Now who's unoriginal, you basically re-used 90% of my retort. .Child.
Jackass..Yes and people calling is retarded the originality of wit and apex. I'm renouncing godlessness as we speak, sure . is their following, renouncing burn your epic..Child , who's basically unoriginal now, you retort my 90% re-used.
You're definitely one of those atheist that need to feel smart.
What gave you that idea? Honest question.



the last thing i feel like doing on a flight is masturbating. But i guess if you gotta go you gotta go.. 
Implying he hasn't been fapping every hour on the hour to incest futa mlp r34
single membership to the mile high club.
8===D~~
9 days? The residents of . laugh at him. 

Or with the hot towel they give you.
It's so fun when people can rhyme.
What is docking??
when you put your dick in someone else's dick. as if you didn't know, faggot.
Lifting and shopping? Someone fucked up
Putting your foreskin over another dude's dick who is uncircumcised 
Pic related.
Hawking you fucking jew.
I read that like this: 
NSFW tag, nigger
Sorry. Done. 2 days later.
This fucking title gave me cancer, so did the post fuck you OP.
Good.
Why would liberals dislike Hitler? They share pretty much everything.
Not saying that this happened, but how could they punish you for being racist? There's nothing inherently wrong with it, and they can't do shit if that's your personal beliefs. 
that 4chan OP is fag and that reddit OP is his sex slave
Wondering where in Quebec and what grade.

Thought:.While we can get infinity between 1 and 2, and this infinity is different than that attained between 3 and 4 etc..Every one of those infinities is getting infinitely further from its base branching point (IE 1.5 to 1.51), so, can there be a 'resolution size' that dictates the point of possibility and impossibility and thus a measurable state of existence/none existence for each of these possibility's? .IE a resolution of existence measured at the thousandths scale, were every tens of thousandths is deemed a variation none existent. example:
0.001 exists. but 0.0001 does not. .With every decimal place dictating a different factor. IE the first is the strength of gravity to mass, the second e=mc2's c = something different etc..How you would then go down the different paths from the root settings of constants would then lead you to each different dimension, but not past a further point due to that branch path not really being able to exist. An example would be a set of constants that means life as we know it cannot exist. You cannot then go down the paths that would result from life (as we know it).
I can't speak to the idea of a metric on the fabric of reality, but I do know some about the mathematical side of what you're talking about. Depending on how large the infinity of possible realities is, it may or may not be possible to match each possible reality to a decimal number. There are different sizes of infinity, and for each potential universe to be matched to a number, the size of that infinity would have to be no bigger than aleph-1, which is the infinity of the real numbers. Any bigger than that and it's impossible.
why would you compare it to the infinity between 1 and 2? Why not all integers? 
People don't fucking understand the multiverse theory or quantum mechanics. That whole class and smartass kid were ignorant.
The multiverse theory has 2 variants, the most commonly discussed variant has a universe for every possible situation resulting in infinite worlds through that..The other variant simply states that there is an infinite amount of universes and we cannot know how they differ from each other. The differences between the universes could only affect some dimension like time that would only make it different from ours but if everything in that universe worked faster or slower, it would be comparable to changing the speed of a video or audio file which is only different because we remain at the same operational speed to observe it..Depending on which variant is used, the multiple universes either cover every single conceivable and unfathomable possibility or there are simply infinite universes and for now we have insufficient data to know what distinguishes the universes from each other..If it wasn't already clear, the variants aren't in complete denial of each other but the more commonly held belief features an assumption that there are infinite variants for every . single variable. Some variables cannot change without denying existence itself as the multiverse theory does not function if it allows a universe that denies the multiverse theory..tl;dr Just forget it, even I'm too stupid to understand half of what I wrote drunk. 
This happened so hard
Maybe it's exaggerated or entirely fake, but people like this do exist. In high school I took 2 years of German and I had to sit next to this kid who supported the Nazis and was quite open about it. He wasn't dumb, he never shouted anything like "praise Hitler" or "kill the Jews". He was a very sensible racist and Nazi, albeit very staunch in his views, even if he was a bit autistic and prone to fits of outrage (he broke the door once and had to be sent away after the teacher had to tell him for the millionth time to shut up about Hitler)..The teacher basically expected me to deal with him after a while since I would argue with him about stuff in a way that wasn't just "Hitler's bad mkay" and we were "friends" in the classroom at least, where he knew he could talk his ear off to me without me just calling him a Nazi and saying to shut up. I wish I remembered more about him though. He once wore a full Nazi outfit to class with everything but the Swastika on it. It was actually a pretty good uniform. He was also a 4channer and I hope he doesn't read this subreddit.
Lulz. Such typical . comments. .This was great, and it was completely ruined by checking the comments. Y'all are more . than the teacher in this green. Douche-bags. 
Germany is doing pretty well as a country last time I checked. Maybe its because they got rid of alot of inferior people. Just super saiyan.
I live in quebec, and went to a white private school.... QuebecFags are a real problem. This is probably not exagerated one bit. FML, FMprovince.
If the multiverse theory is correct there is a universe where they proved the multiverse theory is incorrect
Maybe not.
Haha, no. If that were true then you'd have to have a multi-multiverse, and then a multi-multi-multiverse, and so on all the way down. This is actually similar to a problem that came up in mathematical set theory around the beginning of the 1900's called Russell's Paradox, and people have known about that for long enough that I doubt that the multiverse theory doesn't account for it.
Holy shit, I cringed because it was so fake and snotty.
I don't know if OP thought this made him look badass, alpha, edgy, or what. In reality it makes him a social outcast and a cunt.
You're a twat complaining on the internet, do you honestly think you're better than him?
u mad
And you think you're someone better?
Not sure where you got complaining from...But yes, yes I do.
Things that never happened:
2/10
I love how many people don't understand Multiverse theory, or infinity. There are infinite numbers between 1 and 2 (I'm talking decimals), but none of those infinite numbers are 3. Only an idiot would believe that multiverse theory means EVERY universe exists.  .Edit: grammar
hmm.So you're saying the multiverse theory means that it is fully possible for those universes to have existed, but only one can exist?
infinite = never ending. like that story..infinite != all encompassing, like jesus' love for you.
I'm not sure if a math that hard, but I love the examples 
somewhere, there is a universe where I ate chili instead of salmon yesterday.  Oh god the horror.
Except that you are wrong..The 1 to 2 theory you provide sets boundaries for the infinite series. You are right to say there are infinite numbers between 1 and 2..But the multiverse theory doesn't have boundaries. It specifically states that there are infinite iterations of universes with different outcomes. It is not infinite numbers between 1 and 2 (two possible outcomes), but rather --. Every possible selection is fair game. No boundaries. The main principle of multiverse theory is that it contains every possible universe, as well as every impossible universe.
Except that the multiverse theory is not really like that at all. In fact, some versions of it even have a finite set of universes.
You sound much more educated than me on the subject, and are likely correct, but I completely fail to understand how one assures the existence of something impossible. I'm going to guess you're using it less literally? Also, how do you address the paradoxes associated with no boundaries? These are more questions than counterarguments, as a seem to have out-stepped my bounds. Also, I found . on paradoxes within this very thread that makes the assumption of all encompassing infinity  
The thing is, it will be possible in another universe, with different physics and a universe that abides by different rules. People like to use the example that if the multiverse exists, than Star Wars happened..And that's why I think the idea of an infinite multiverse is stupid.
Actually, the laws of physics would be the same in all universes, since they are fundamental.
Not really, no. You're thinking in terms of having one universe with multiple iterations of itself. This isn't quite right. It's not infinite makeups of . universe. It's infinite makeups of any universe. So the "next" universe could very well have magnets in which opposites repel. Why? Because that's how the physics exist in that universe.
You misunderstand, just because its a different universe, it doesn't mean anything can happen. Fundamental rules still exist and will act in the same way, 100% of the time. I know that it isn't multiple iterations of a single universe, but rather of any universe, however certain principles WILL exist in any universe. Simply put, the principles must exist in the same fashion as this universe, as all theoretical universe, otherwise the other ones could not exist. While there obviously isn't any solid examples, however your logic is similar to saying that in 1 universe, 
you can have the integer of 1.2, or that you can define a/0, with a being any number.
I'm sorry, but you are simply wrong. (At least about the multiverse theory).The theory specifically states that there are universes which possess different physical constants. Physics and it's laws are different in these universes. In such a universe, the speed of light may be different. Electricity may work in different ways. Charges may be reversed.
"May"
Yes, but I think he's talking about math, not physical laws. The rules of math surely can't change, no? 
Physical constants are physical laws. Speed of light, electricity, magnetism, gravity, etc..According to the theory, they can.

Regardless, it's not the math that matters, it's the physics and physical properties of objects that matter. Math can stay the same, but if those two things change you're in for a VERY different universe.
Yes. "May". Meaning that it is possible. You stated that it is imposssible for that to happen, which is wrong according to the Multiverse theory.
Generally, when you talk about the multiverse theory, that is what it is like..Some iterations of the theory have a finite number of universes. The general theory that is referenced has infinite numbers of universes. Max Tegmark's 4th level of universes states "that any conceivable parallel universe theory can be described at Level IV"..quaker-Oats made the point that there are infinite numbers between 1 and 2, and that this is how the multiverse theory works. But the 4th level as described by Tegmark states that . universe exists, not just those between 1 and 2. (Assuming you were to label universes 1 and 2).
Not necessarily, it's just the one people like the most because then any random shit they can think of has happened in some universe. I mean sure, they might discuss it more for that reason, but that doesn't lend it  credence or viability. .But I guess here is where it gets tricky at any rate, not only do you have to work with different degrees of infinity there are different multiverse theory with their own set of boundaries and rules you have to keep in mind..However, OP is still generally speaking correct in that in most multiverse theories not every possible iteration occurs. 
I don't know much about the multiverse theory, so you might be right, but your counterargument is purely wrong. .The boundaries don't matter. You can have infinite integers ranging from negative infinity to positive infinity yet that is still a countable infinity of the same cardinality as the natural numbers and still not encompassing every possible number. .Thus, using your analogy of negative infinity to positive infinity, it does not necessarily mean the multiverse contains every possible universe including impossible ones. 
What I'm trying to say is that infinite does not mean every possible variant you can imagine, and that in fact, the infinite universes could have infinitely small variations. So the multiverse theory does not guarantee any given universe exists. I used the numbers as an example to show that you can have an infinity that doesn't cover every possibility. 
If there are in fact an infinite number of universes, then if these small variations go far enough back, they will be able to cause every possible variant that anyone can imagine. Your argument is flawed because that is the very nature of an infinite number of universes, that anything is possible. Anything imaginable or unimaginable, such as: you had apple juice this morning instead of orange juice or the Earth was never formed or that dinosaurs still exist.  So that means, that while these universes could have tiny variations that in the grand scheme means absolutely nothing, they could also have variations that are universe shattering. 
The variations could be infinitely small, and the difference in a single atoms (as well as subatomic particles) position could also be infinitely small, so I feel my understanding could still hold true. While I don't disagree that withing the multiverse, universes with more dramatic differences may indeed exist, you are in no way guaranteed every imaginable variation. (Disclaimer: While I am not a physicist and could very well be wrong, this is my current understanding) 
You're assuming all universes have the same physics. If there are an infinite number of universes, this would be wrong.
It is possible to have infinite universes all with the same physics. While this might not necessarily be the case, you could still have infinite with the same physics with infinitely small variation, as well as universes with different physics, I don't see the problem.  (In the event these posts sound to cocky, see disclaimer) 
You're trying to argue against the nature of infinity. You're saying that it's extremely unlikely for certain universes to exist in a multiverse, but if that multiverse is infinite, then eventually it HAS to hit that variation of it, no matter how unlikely.
I think he's trying to say that there are certain variations on the laws of physics that would be impossible in any given universe, simply because there is no non-zero probability that they could occur. I don't think that there is any way to be certain about that one way or the other, but it is true that just because you have infinitely many universes doesn't mean you necessarily have to have every possible universe. Similar to how the integers are an infinite set of numbers, but 1/2 is another possible number which is not in this set..I'm a mathematician, so I love this kind of stuff. Different sizes of infinity are cool.
that's not how infinity works... Infinity ., it simply means something that goes on forever. .here's a very basic example: what if there were an infinite number of universes but each only differed in how many atoms it held, while all physical laws stayed constant? Each universe is different and perhaps a single atom's difference at the beginning of the universe might even lead to large changes trillions of years later (butterfly effect?) but you wouldn't have any universe in which time travel is trivial. .The concept of a multiverse is of course probably more than we can fully comprehend, but you can probably similarly imagine how physical laws may only differ over a certain range or what not. I don't know how it works, but neither do you, and first you need to understand that infinity does NOT necessarily mean every possible variation exists. 
I see what you are getting at, but I don't think it is so simple to assign numerical values to events or characteristics. They themselves are not quantifiable, unless you are counting the number of instances. So they can't really be skipped like a mixed number in a string of infinite integers. Any thoughts?
I think I gotcha, though i'm not brilliant at wording. The misconception i was trying to preach against was when people assume "infinite universes means there must be every universe imaginable, therefore, there must be a universe where (insert fantasy here)". And while it is possible, and MIGHT exist, it is in no way ensured, and extremely unlikely. There can be infinite universes, without ALL universes. Is that any more clear?
Here's the thing about statistics. There are two routes to take when guessing the outcomes of probability. Say you have a heads or tails scenario. 50/50 outcome. You cannot say without any guarantee that the outcome with a single flip will be one way or another. That is the first path. True to statistics, there is only ever a 50/50 chance of one thing happening. It is entirely possible to only ever have a flip with 1 outcome. However. And a big however. Standard deviation comes into play. The more flips you have, the greater the chance of one of the chances occuring. After 26 chances of a 50/50 flip, there is a >99% chance that the outcome is one of the other. (>99% chance heads lands at least once in 26 tries). So this ties into the multiverse theory. So with each universe, having infinite possibilities, there is a perfectly possible outcome of a certain universe. But with each universe, the chances grow of having a different outcome. (Let's take the Hitler example. On each outcome, it is just as likely that Hitler is good in each one. But as each universe it played out, the liklihood of Hitler being wrong grows.) This means that realistically, once you reach a certain number of universes, you can guarantee that a certain universe exists. And because you now that there are infinite universes, that number becomes arbitrary, and you can assume the universe exists from the beginning.
Not at all, after 26 chances, you get 50/50 at the next flip as well. The chance is small to get it the same one 27 times in a row, but that is the exact same chance for any given possible combination out there..Back to the multiverse, there are more universes were Hitler doesn't exist than where he does. Never mind that, there are more universes where humanity doesn't exist than where it does. The chances that Hitler even becomes . are already slim (never mind his very existence), for it to then being able to be quantified as either good or evil, whatever he's doing, is even smaller..So when we're discussing these kind of things, you have to realize that our exact reality even occurring at all, has an incredibly small chance of about 1 over infinity. Any given reality has that same chance, by the way. That's because each universe is a series of different events, ranging from galactic (and beyond) scales, to subatomic scales. And everything in between..Any little given difference, is a difference in chance for that occurring. In other words, this is the kind of infinity that's quite a bit greater than the infinity of universes that exists in the multiverse. 
Yes at all. You're agreeing with me but misunderstandings what I'm talking about..You have a coin. Flip it 50 times. On each individual flip, the chances are 50/50 that it lands heads or tails. It is always the same. But statistically, after 27 tries, it is nearly guaranteed that you will have at least 1 flip that is different from the other 26. (Meaning that there is at least 1 heads result even if there were 26 tails.) The individual flip was still a 50/50 chance, but statistically it is very likely you will have at least 1 result of heads. .Which is what I said. The chance of that happening is <1%.Now the multiverse theory..You're stating that the chance of any one reality happening is small. And you're right. In fact, it's infinitely small. It's 1/. But we know that it can still happen, because we exist. Even though the chances of our universe actually being our universe in the multiverse is 1/, .. Why did it happen? Well, this brings us back to the coin flip idea. Given enough tries, any outcome is possible. That's the point of infinity and the multiverse theory. The idea of the chances being small suddenly becomes irrelevant, because there are infinite "tries"..That's why people say that if the multiverse theory is true, Star Wars happened. While you cannot prove it (Just the same as even though you have a >99% chance of heads occurring when you flip a coin 27 times, it's still possible for you to flip all tails. [In fact, if you consider each 27 attempts to be 1 "try", and you have infinite tries, then it is statistically very likely you eventually will.]), you can say that it is so statistically likely to have happened that it . happen..With infinite tries, the chance of any scenario happening approaches 100%. It never actually reaches 100%, but it becomes so close (99.999...) that you can say with confidence that it is essentially 100%. Infinity doesn't play well with real numbers, so you have to work around that.
But you should know that dividing infinite by infinite (infinite try over infinite chances) doesn't have to equal 1. Meaning, it doesn't have to give you the result you desire. It doesn't have to be every possible iteration, it could give you basically anything. We could have every possible iteration 8 times!. We could have only half of the possible iterations. This is due to the very nature of infinity itself. .So as OP said, it's not because there's an infinite amount of universes, that every iteration has to occur in it. .No, it doesn't, as explain earlier, having an infinite amount of tries divided by infinite amount of chances, does not necessarily equal 1. It doesn't even have to approach it, it could basically be any real number in existence. 
You are very right. But I think you are looking at it from a different angle than I am. It seems like you are looking at the theory almost like a computer, that shoots out results. It is possible it shoots out 1 result over and over..But I'm looking at it from the side of 1 specific universe. With infinite tries, it is statistically likely that this result is eventually achieved. The chances of this 1 result occurring with infinite tries approaches 100% (but never quite reaching it.) This means it is not guaranteed, but so very likely that it might as well be..I think we may be very close to agreeing with each other, but stuck on semantics..You seem to be stating that even with infinite tries, one result does not . to occur. And you are correct. It doesn't . to. What I'm saying is that the chance of that occurring is so statistically probable that you might as well say that it will happen. (In much the same way that after 27 coin flips, a head will land at least once. Something that is supposed to come up 50/50 has a 99.99966% chance of happening after 26 tries. It's possible for it not to happen, but you are safe to say that it will because it is so likely.)
Naw man that was my fault, you explained it fine. I got what you were saying the first time but completely forgot to put in the part about how infinity just blows my mind and that as long as there is a possibility, if there is an infinite amount of chances, then it has to happen right? Idk man all this infinity talk, multiuniverse theory, and vodka is making me freak out haha.
The easiest way to dismiss the possibility of EVERY universe existing, is the paradoxes. There would have to be universes where people had already successfully destroyed the multiverse, as well as one who had stopped that exact thing from happening. Or pretty much done anything else that would cause paradoxes..On an unrelated note, intellectual and polite discussion on the internet, let alone the 4chan sub? What crazy universe IS this?!
People destroying the multiverse...dang I always thought of them as isolated universes that couldn't interact with each other. But what if the theory is true AND there is some other dimension we can't perceive that binds them all together somehow. Shits so crazy. Haha yeah it is nice having a conversation with someone who isn't angry at you for no apparent reason right? 
Nope. Even if your chance is 1, it does not mean it will happen per se. It's called probability for a reason. 
Well multiverse theory was actually made to explain phenomenon that is speculated to be interaction from other universes. So the idea is that they actually do interact, if i'm not mistaken.  
1.0 1.1 1.2 .check mate atheists
Half-life 3 confirmed
Duke Nukem 3 pre-order 
I wish there is a universe in which this story wasn't totally made up and gay.
No, this one might actually be true..This was back in grade 11 and my school had a german exchange program. The german kids came to my school and of course I call all of them nazis, they're cool with it cause they know I'm joking. One day after French class, I jokingly call one a Nazi again, she kind of laughs but the other german girl flips the fuck out. She says "do you think this funny?". The teacher heard the commotion and sends me to the principal and here unfolds the moment that I found out my principal is a bro:."Listen fack9gag, these students may have lost a family member or two in the war; it isn't appropriate to be making these kinds of jokes." He now tells the buttmad german girl to leave the office but tells me to stay. ."Man, when I was young I'd make these jokes too and man it was hillarious! We even picked on the germans a bit back when I was a student! But you can't be doing these things and expect me to just let it slide, I want you to formally apologize to both girls and apologize to the French teacher for causing a commotion.".Basically got away with being racist in a conservative private school.
so edgy
Look at this beta using his real name as his reddit username.
You are a shitty person.
This story is not that exciting to be fake. No one would take time to tell a simple sounding story like that. 
Implying that a french speaking beta fag wouldn't do this to feel alpha as fuck.
That was more fake than the original story.
Then don't believe it, I don't care. This was like 8 years ago.
cold as fuck, bro
2cold4me
Ughh. Fourteen year olds and their "epic truling stories". 



Only if there would be a universe where OP is not a faggot
Just posted to 
Implying that even in the infinite number of universes it's possible.
we already discussed this in another thread. Basically just because there are an infinite number of different universes doesn't mean everything is possible.
That's what I was saying.
Infinity's a pretty big number, dude.
*concept
But nothing proves that they couldn't exist...
There's nothing to . anything exists. Descartes was a cop out.
If it is a infinite number of . universes, then yes, everything is, and will be possible. If each universe has to be different from every other universe, and there are infinite universes, that means everything MUST be possible, or else you have to allow for infinite copies of every single universe. But in that case, it's not really infinite universes... it's a finite number of universes that are allowed to have infinite copies of themselves. A finite set of infinite numbers is still finite.
You don't understand how infinity works. .A quick rebuttal: universes can be any size, so just as numbers continuously grow in size you can have an infinite amount of universes (1, 2, 3, etc) that are different yet don't encompass the set of all possibilities (1, 2, 3 do not include any decimals or negatives yet you count infinitely far up). 
But you are equating something as vast and complicated as a universe to something as simple as an integer, which doesn't really help. And also, counting between 1 and 2 still implies the existence of decimals.  .For example, say we we're counting sandwiches instead of integers. If you have two sandwiches, each piece of that sandwich still exists within that whole. If you cut one of the sandwiches in half, you can see that you have the possibility of one and a half sandwiches, but you also have two.  .As for negative numbers: In the simplest of terms, a negative number would not be a possibility in and of itself. A negative number would only be a . of a possibility, as negative numbers are not a measurement in and of themselves. You cannot just have negative one sandwich... that is ridiculous. You can however, have one less sandwich than previously existed.  .The problem here is that NOBODY understands how infinity works. It is an abstract concept that cannot be easily explained by any mathematical or scientific system we currently possess.
You're not understanding my point. It's not about negatives or positives. I'm showing you how an infinite set is not all encompassing with an example using numbers. Of course the universe is more complex than an integer but that doesn't change the fact that it may be uncountably infinite or countably infinite. If you still can't grasp the concept, well, good luck to you, take a discrete math course some times. 
change the fact.....may.0/10
do you not understand the concepts of facts? The fact that something is a possibility is still a fact. Rolling a dice . give you a 1 with 1/6th probability and that is a fact. .if you spent half the time thinking about your post before you wrote it you wouldn't look like such an idiot. 
Something like a set of all whole numbers { 1 2 3 } is infinite but it doesn't contain numbers such as 2.5 or . 
Or all the infinite decimals between 1 and 2 doesn't contain a 6.
The difference between countably and uncountably infinite.
There is an even more than uncountable number of distinct countable infinities (a proper class of them)
Not necessarily; 2.5 is part of the countably infinite set of rational numbers.
Then numbers start becoming concepts and shit. Not worth even delving into. 
OP should sex
yeah nice
OP just needs to PHAG UP AND GET IT INNNNN

Internetseks
Wat.
And somehow, through the supposed shock he mentions, decides to post this on 4chan. Yep, not buying it.
I seriously higgy diggy 
what would Zyzz do
Maybe she's just an aficionado of good erotic short fiction. 
Are you like a real life Sherlock Holmes or something?
faggot
Sherlock Holmes right here.

This is real.
Verified
If he's 21 it's still pretty reasonable for him to be living with his parents while he goes to college.
Yeah you're right. Still, with bearded necks you never really know.
I . wouldn't jump to conclusions by seeing that she reads incest stories. I know this because I find incest stories to be hot as fuck, but probably because it's so taboo. Still, even though I love reading them, I'm not attracted to my siblings at all and I would probably reject any advancements from them. 
Links:
.

Goddamnit, I'm at work. Now I've gotta use my phone for this.

You can't install spyware if you're not prepared to see some shit. 
I'm gonna be honest, I've watched incest porn I mean it was fake and all but yea, I don't have thing for anyone in my family, that's fucking disgusting, I just wanted to see some hot sisters bang. .Doesn't mean she wants the D at all.
Yeah but still knowing that....how do you deal with it at the breakfast table? 
Eat dem pop tarts real sensual like, all moany and shit, like you always do each and every morning. Don't let anyone not let you enjoy dem pop tarts.

Im imagining eating dem pop tarts with some marvin gay playing in the background
Mm...oh...yeah, you dirty Pop-Tart....give me that frosted strawberry you dirty whore-."What are you doing?".*stare back and sensually lick the Pop-Tart all over*
You want hamburger? Too bad you get my dick you hamburger slut.
The true price of gains.
the dude is cool
Funniest shit ever!
now he needs a mug with this photo
yo i need this
OP is a... narcissist?
LOL xDD
Probably not the only package OP received... Faggot
I'd make a delivery to his rear entrance.
Ten bucks says this thread was on /fit/
No deal
/g/
That's CaseMods, he's like /fa/s weird little brother. 
Samefag everywhere.
No punchline. Not even in title. 
ur moms pussy is the punchline 
WOOAAAAAAAAH
Okay I've seen a lot of dumb cancerious shit on /r 4chan, but this is the worst.
The best thing I've seen on here in weeks.
Does someone have that post  where they sited dozens of reasons that Don West was a skeleton?
WHAM!
Has an archive of the zimzam /pol/ threads been made?  There are literally 6000000 pictures I wish I would have saved.
Danke. I looked all over for that.
THE TRIAL NEVER ENDS
I'm in Central Florida so it's hard to see perspective from outside the market.  I didn't realize this was getting so much attention outside of HLN/Nancy Grace.  (I know it did when it happened but didn't think the trial was being watched so closely.)  I mean it's no Casey Anthony trial, . went on forever..And on a side note, I think . deserves to be on that skeleton.
I'm in UK, London and there are a few people watching it round here, we only get coverage on Fox News, tbh before the trial started i thought it was a white guy killing a innocent black boy, i guess because of how it was portrayed in the media, and how al sharpton etc came out on T.V saying what they said which actually makes them look stupid now, but now I have been watching the case, it seems George was in fear of his life and shot him in self defence, its also so desperate of the defense to try bring up 'child abuse'. That fat guy, I think his name is Bob on the program 'The Five' is a funny little guy, he keeps calling George Zimmerman a wuss and a baby for getting beaten up by a 17 year old, can't believe he can say that on a news network.
Honestly, the only times I hear about this trial is on Reddit, I'm British so I couldn't really give any less of a shit. Also  
CNN broadcasts every second of the trial live here, and then spends hours talking about it once its over.
It's good you live in the UK because CNN will incite a race riot down here in Florida when he's acquitted.
Sorry but that is obviously a picture of the Crypt Keeper.
Who?
Can't tell if you're joking or not, but it was a huge case a couple of years ago in Orlando but had national attention.  Young single mother lives with her parents, the child goes missing and isn't reported for a number of days, the mother giving everyone the runaround as to why they haven't seen the kid.  Lied to the police and changed her story on many occasions, blamed people who didn't exist, etc.  Child is later found in the woods in a bag with duct tape around her head.  Big national news, trial went on for 6 weeks, mother found not guilty on all counts which shocked pretty much everyone.  
Yeah doesn't ring a bell.  Funny, I'm usually all about stories involving duct tape.
For once I can't find anything witty to say
This is the quality content I come here for.
Wow.
I think it's a metaphor representing the effects Monsanto has on the food production of the US.
Wtf OP
that's some dark shit right there.
Wow. He should have said something to her... apologized at least... he got carried away? It was an accident? Maybe it would have made the mental scarring a little less severe for her... fucked up.

I can't even find something to make fun of dumb OP.
i giggled at the end, but i dont feel great about it
Wincest with question mark?
This is rather "WINCEST!"
I don't feel good now. 
They continue to refuse to refund me for that broken piece of shit God Mode. On top of that they act like it's my responsibility to fix a broken game that I paid my hard earned money for. Also, I learned their trick. They put they shitty out if date games on sale to try to trick you into letting them squeeze every last red cent out of a game. Case in point Arma 2. Also, I buy KSP, love it btw, it goes on sale a week later, don't send message for a couple weeks, no partial refund. I feel like they owe me at least $28 to this point, and it's not like I wouldn't spend that money right back at steam like the pathetic addicted gamer I am. Hell I've bought Dota chest keys to support the devs since I got a free beta key and enjoy the game, fuck me right? Guess I won't be getting the skyrim dlc any time soon. 
[deleted]
pc is master race because league of legends
TFW both sides are using circumstantial evidence to justify their waste money.
Nintendo and Sony would like to differ.
Or how about everybody just plays games how they want to play games and not be such argumentative fags about it?
Filthy lol plebs, not realizing smite is a far better moba.
Dota 2 ftw
Oh god... GFWL. GTA IV was a tragedy.
Do people genuinely care about this shit?

Yes, if i bought a game in a store, and it was offered at a cheaper price there would be a refund issued as long as it was within a month of purchase (at most major retailers, which i'd consider steam comparable to). The graphics in ArmaII actually aren't that bad, almost exactly the same game as battlefield, and i didn't mind any of that except that there are only 1-2 active servers for any of the expansions, they're all full of people j/o and tking, and honestly who gets a fps for the campaign? (PS the campaign is pathetic). I always read reviews before a questionable purchase, and to be honest some were misleading and made me thing it was a RTS hybrid (the explanation of the "superpowers mode" was greatly deceiving). There is a difference between "modding" and correcting the game code... i shouldn't be required to do the developer's job. FFS who assumes that everyone has visual studio to even edit the code? If i weren't an engineering student i sure as shit wouldn't.
says like 5 people evr
What the hell, right? I would ask someone to explain this but some retard once told me that "Games evolve and have to be updated, it's inevitable." I had to go through all my history to find that reply because I couldn't actually imagine something this stupid. I still don't fully understand what the fuck he was trying to say. Also what kind of pathetic little video game crazy faggots do you have to be to actually fight for your beautiful PC MASTER RACE .It's just a stupid screenshot of an imageboard dedicated for edgy little shits to behave badly to show up their mothers. How fucking brilliant do you have to be to take this crap seriously. Are you people literally under 18 children?

...say the gamers
And all on a device I can bring with me wherever I want to go.  Also I can hook it up to a big t.v. and use an xbox OR playstation controller..PC Gaming.  Master. Fucking. Race.

ITT: PC master race "proving" that they're superior.
Er... You can install the local files off the disc, you don't have to download them. 
"Purchase physical copy, forced to use steam" 
Huh? Steam only forces you to use steam for.... well games you buy on steam.."Wait an hour for it to download" 
Err, did he buy a physical DVD or not? Just install it using that. ."Game crashes or other issues" 
Sort your shit PC out, why get a gaming PC if you don't know how to configure a gaming PC? Get a mac if you're this clueless. ."Devs refuse to fix problems" 
Well that's down to the developers, not the platform you're playing on, console or PC. .And the whole DRM or not thing, it's just down to what publisher etc you're purchasing from, if they're pushing DRM they'll do it on consoles as well as PCs. Most of the arguments here aren't related to whether you get a game on PC or console. 
some games, black ops for example, force you to use steam even if you've bought the physical copy. agree for the rest.
Odd, MW is an activision thing, don't see why they'd be hard-tied to steam/valve. .I mean, if you bought a physical copy of portal/half life, naturally you'd need to use steam. Can't imagine why Activision tied BOps to steam though. 
for easier organization of the multiplayer and not wanting to do stupid stuff like origin most likely, i've no other guess honestly.
Damn I hate being forced to used steam.
Sucks so hard getting all these amazing deals on great games,
having access to tons of amazing indie titles and integrated
cloud saves and settings plus a useful well made integrated social 
platform. .That being said I did actually resent it a little when it first came out, 
poorly functioning offline mode ruined a couple impromptu lans. 
Just own a gaming rig and all of the consoles like me and stop bring poor. You children need to get to work.
Wow! I'm suddenly loaded, and not living on a Council Estate, thanks m8. 
You sir, should be the Secretary of the Treasury. 
Cubase says hello
faggot probably runs a potato and uses string cheese as an internet cable
i have 150 steam games, only 2 require internet, all 150 worked perfectly everytime i played them, i don't need to be online to launch steam. whats the problem here?
PC overs mods built by fans, and even some amazing games you can't get on any console. Some console games are just shit.

Truth. Still, PC is my main now. Console was only for halo but with the xbone, I have to cut my ties to a childhood favorite. Such is life.
War Z...
PC master race knows how to fix their own problems instead of relying on shitty devs.
Devs actually pay attention to console gamers because they know they can just tell PC gamers to fuck off.
I thought PC was master race because mods.

how about.
1 "there are . (especially indie) than there are console-exclusive games".
2 "it's easier to find . online for PC".
3 "you can . and movies".
4 "given proper know how, you can . devs leave behind (does not involve modding)".
5 "depending on billing architecture, the money you pay for an online download of a PC game can possibly go directly to the developer, which means there's no publisher middleman and . of your purchase".and now you'll just add these five to your list and repost it..just because you can enumerate it doesn't mean it's insignificant.
it's a joke man.
ITT: butthurt pc eletists
Sit down illiterate pleb.
Luckily with that spelling you'll never have to worry about being one of us.
Thatsthejoke.jpg
I don't ever have most of these problems. The only thing I've had to deal with is the long download and installations, but I don't mind because the PC has better graphics and, in my opinion, better controls.
And a bigger price tag.
For more functionality.
and viruses.
If you're a tard. Nowadays, you have to go out of your way to get a virus... or go on Google.
xbone is going to be $500. You can buy this for just a little more and it will be way more powerful than the xbone and you can mine crypto coins.. / . / 
Because you game on gentoo? Add in an OS because you know, pcmasterracers like to leave that out.
No OS lol
Than that means the XBone is still a better deal. Also, I wont have to worry if that piece of shit is going to have trouble running anything in the next 10 years unlike a PC.
Pirate it.
Some people can't or don't know how. He should include the price of the OS in the overall build price.

The games themselves are far cheaper and you don't have to pay $400 dollars for Xbox Live gold or PS+ over 8 years, so it's actually cheaper in the long run. You only need to update your PC once every 2-3 years, meaning you're going to upgrade it halfway through a generation and once the generation is over. 
You don't have to have PS+ to play online.I haven't played a game that cost me over $20 on a console or comp in over 5 years ("Far cheaper" != $10 for a new game).You just said you'd have to upgrade your PC once ever 2-3 years. Xbox 360 is 8 years old. Upgrading a PC costs $200-$300 on average. You upgrade 3 times in that 11 year period which means you pay $700. .What are you arguing...
Good argument, luckily for me, I don't have friends and so I stick to single player games that don't requiere PS+ or XBL.
Those games are cheaper than the $85 dollar (yes, EA has changed their pricing) fuckfests you get on console. Furthermore, you can pirate a game instead of giving $25 to Gamestop to buy it used.
Using Pirating as a valid argument wont win you this argument. That's like me saying, "You have a better chance at stealing a console than a computer."
You don't need to upgrade it every 2-3 years. That's only if you want max settings and 60fps. You'll be fine with medium and 40 fps.
I know I've had a complete rebuild twice during the current console gen. I know you don't have to upgrade. I'm by no means a hardcore gamer anymore, but I own a competent comp, a 360, and a PS3. I honestly think anybody who argues for one over the other is always utterly wrong especially when it comes to arguments over cost. Anybody can game on the cheap on any device if you're intelligent..Also, pcmasterrace scoff at 60fps and therefore spend/waste a shit-ton of money..Edit: By the way, I've never payed over $35 for a year of XBL, so even that $400 estimate over 8 years is over-exaggerated.
That's a good point. I should have mentioned that.
For the PS4 you do, they announced it at E3.

Lolwut. Coolermaster is a reputable brand. $30 isn't cutting corners for a 500w nonmodular.
It's not opinion. A mouse and keyboard > > > > > > > current-gen controllers.  .Lemme edit this: for fps. Everything else imo, but in fps it's fact.
Console controllers are either too sensitive or not sensitive enough for my taste.
Adjust your settings bruh
Settings aside, it's not just that but the fact that a controller stick has a maximum speed which it can move the cursor with, whereas a mouse is linked more to your own dexterity.
RTS has no competition, so that's PC territory only.
Oh really? That's what I should do? 
I hate you 
Join the club.
And with genres like racing and platform where a controller is more suitable, you can easily just plug one in. It's way more versatile.
Also, a pc can be used outside of gaming, for work-related purposes..Don't see me typing a paper on my Wii.
Also wank-related purposes. 
Wii Fit Girl is pretty hot.
Yes. Ain't ever heard of someone watching porn on a damn XBox.
Actually I have, and I had a pretty swell time
Forgetting this is a troll for a second:    .The only thing consoles win at is optimization for their (crappy) hardware (and then there's still stuttering in a few games), which is easily overcome for PCs with far superior parts. My current self-built $800 PC blows current consoles out of the water, no competition, and judging by the next-gen specs, overtakes those by a healthy margin as well, and I haven't even started OCing it since there's no need for that quite yet..
They arguably have easier "party" potential, where random people without a smidgen of technical knowledge can come join and play over the net or in the same room without hassle.     .About the money - you bought two consoles for my one PC that still beats your next gen and I was the one that wasted money on an "overpriced" machine. A machine that also does a shitton more than play games and play movies (but only the ones that have a certain audio channel, format, a/v compression setting, or else they won't play), mind you.
Congratulations? 
i think he wants a medal or something
So edgy.
What's edgy about it? I know you're not just saying "so edgy" like every other retard who has nothing to say and sticks with the flavour-of-the-month expression, right?
You come up with bullshit loaded arguments because you're a butthurt pcfag who thinks that putting together your own computer makes it somehow better than a mass manufactured developers dream (aka a console) even though a 5 year old could build a computer. 'So edgy' was a sarcastic comment meaning that I was making fun of you for being a generic neckbeard who brags about wasting money on an overpowered 'gaming machine' because you can't spend it on going out with actual friends. That better, ShameBoner?
I was going to write a lengthy reply because you're just blindly talking back when I addressed all the issues you've mentioned in my original comment, but why bother? Continue eating dirt and spouting overused phrases, console fanboy! Have the last word in, I know you need it.
So edgy.
So brave. 

Easy there tonto


Maybe it's their shit computer.
Honestly, its impossible to get good internet in the US. It's pretty much one big monopoly. All the ISPs are basically the same, just different names. 
Citation needed?
Yup, that's why you have to spend $700-$1,100 like most PC gamers to play the games.
You don't HAVE to spend that much. I built my computer for $380 a few years ago and it runs Skyrim on high with no lag. 
bullfuckingshit.jpg
Okay yeah, now that's a exaggeration unless you used buncha used parts, got extremely good deals from friends, or used parts from previous builds. .Or you just play on shit resolution
It's not that hard if you don't use top of the line parts. I only spent $40 on a new motherboard from newegg..I play in 1080p
My 6 year old craptop can play skyrim..ITT: consolefags act like they know anything.
Specs?
AMD dual core 3.1ghz processor
4gb RAM
600 watt power supply
AMD Radeon HD 5770
500 gb hard drive
A really really cheap case made out of flimsy material..I got all of those parts from newegg..I used a DVD drive from my old computer, but those are around $15 New anyway.
I'm looking around for a cheaper graphics card for my laptop (all i have is an Intel HD 4000). Any recommendations? My budget is around $100-$150. (Don't know if I'm being too cheap) Newegg didn't help much.
A laptop? I think you're stuck with what you got there.
And shit Internet. An hour for any modern game? Where the fuck is OP living, the moon?
It took me a while to download the 15gb for Arma 2 that I was tricked into buying. 
mfw when my ISP fucked up so i had 900mbps more than i paid for, for 4 months
125bps. UK ftw.
It took me 45 minutes to download arma 3 at 3MB/sec I doubt whatever shit-tier free to play he was playing took that long.
3MB/s or 3Mb/s?
I think steam reports in Mbytes, but usually transfer speed are shown in Mbits, so I don't know.
This. Same game, same speed, same amount of time..OP is confirmed for using dial up
I get 7.5 MB/s.
Yeah my max avg is around .5mb/s
I got around 1.1mb/s starting last week up from .5mb/s and it was fucking revolutionary to me. Where are these guys at?
75 Kb/s reporting in :/
Get better internet bro, even the wireless internet networks offer better speeds than that.
I am wireless, broheim. And I don't game or stream videos so it's not that annoying. As a broke college student, I'd rather just use the free internet provided from my rent (and blow my spare cash elsewhere), than buy additional internet..But oh my god, loading .gifs is so painful.
I feel ya, I live in a rural area that's protected by the government so I will never be able to get dsl or cable internet. I used to have a similar service which used to be the only one around at the time. Thankfully another ISP came in about 6 months ago though and started offering 2mbit services for the same price. Wait it out I guess, hopefully someone will provide a better service soon.
What do you mean "protected by the government"?


If I can't play Crysis 3 without at least matching the shitty 360's graphics at 30fps, then that's when I call it quits. Keep your mods and everything else that makes you believe you're the master race.
The lowest available settings on crysis 3 rape xbox 360's entire family.
The U.S
Hey everyone, lets all get angry and try to justify our purchases to one another!
Now you are my kinda fag.
Easy=/= best.You can't crash on a tricycle, but that doesn't make it better than a motorcycle.
Sure but who gives a shit?
whether or not easy is best isn't set in stone; it's completely dependent on what you as an individual want in a gaming system. I play mainly on consoles because I can't afford the parts for a good computer and if I could it would probably be a pain in the ass for me to put together, and there are games on consoles that I can't play on a PC. But it could be a better option for somebody else.
Putting together PCs is easy as fuck. 
I've seen several different tutorials on it, looks about as far from easy as you can get.
Take an out of school CET course. Helpful a ton :) it makes it very simple, trust me! 
I think you are downplaying other people's experiences of it, yes it might be easy for you, but is there nothing you find difficult or hard to understand? If there is, do you need to take evening courses for it in order to do something you have a perfectly simple workaround for?
When I built my pc, with no prior classes or experience, it was slightly time consuming but all-in-all it was fairly simple.  The most difficult part was mounting an aftermarket cpu cooler  and mounting the mobo
No doubt, but that wasn't the point I was making. There are plenty of people with no real technical experience nor inclination, they should not be berated or looked down upon just because they don't want to start messing with components or have to take classes just to play some games.
I took two CET courses back in high school. The first was challenging to wrap my head around at first, but I was flying through in the second. Really, there's only seven or so pieces to a computer. You learn what they are and where they go, and you can practically ignore the rest of the PC. .They also teach out of school courses for adults where they do the same teaching. 
A motorcycle costs 1,500 times more than a tricycle.
Sure as fuck does. Master Race.
This just in: ..
The point of the original argument was speed and crashing.
herp herp herp derp derp derp
Unless you value safety more than speed.
That doesn't matter if a fucking truck hits you.
I don't think you can take tricycles on the highway.
Says the cops. Easy =/= best.
I spent $50 on my tricycle. Fuck your $10,000 motorcycle.
Who spends $10,000 on a motorcycle? 
People?
Liars
People who ride Harleys
Some of that ten grand has to go to Harley t-shirts, Harley decals for your F-150, Harley wraparound sunglasses, and the official Harley goatee trimmer.
BMW's?
I drive a truck lol.


Dat ending.
It's completely accurate.
Trust me, I know...
The guy that makes Breaking Bad is a big fan of Tarantino. Tarantino is known to put small subtle things in his movies that you pick up on multiple viewings. I think it serves as this instead of a huge plot device. I think he will kill her but,it would be the climax and he will do it to protect the kids since Vince Gilligan basically said hes gonna mindfuck us and make us feel for Walt.
Mimi master race
Except that in season 5 Walt is driving a Chrysler 300.
One anon is not all of /b/
Good. I fucking hate skylar. I want to throttle her so much. 
Quick question, what does Walt do after he kills Mike?
I wish I could go back in time and tell myself not to look at this. 
Dude I'm not trying to be gay or anything, but this prediction came about immediately following that scene.  This is no longer a "clever" idea.  It's almost a year-old prediction, now.
i dont watch this show, nor have i even seen an episode, yet im still excited by this.
I've been spouting this theory since I first saw the 5th season! 
Walt also takes her second name, Lambert, in this scene..Marie and Hank will end up with the kids and Skyler will die by being strangled. Whether murder or suicide remains to be seen.
Tarantino is not particularly known for using subtlety in his films. There are a few examples of him being a bit cryptic here and there but you're really talking shit..Hell, even if Tarantino was subtle, this 'bacon and eggs' motif is far from it..You don't have a clue about cinema. Please don't comment again.
All hail 
He is driving a white Volvo in the flash forward of "Live Free Or Die". Season 5, Episode 1.
well apparantly not hard enough
Well at least I tried.
Walter doesn't start driving a Volvo.  It's a Chrystler
me too. I can't remember
I was going to say I dont remember a volvo
Have you seen Pulp Fiction? You contradicted your own opinion then said I know nothing about film....yeah and I know nothing about film....when Breaking Bad isn't even a film ..fucking retard haha
I actually said cinema, not film. Not that you'd know the difference. .I've wrote published academic essays on Pulp Fiction. I know what I'm talking about, you don't even know Vince Gilligan's name..Call me a retard all you want, but I'm definitely smarter than you. Deal with it.

Way to avoid actually making any sort of argument, you flaming homosexual.
Yes..... except this is an old theory.....
Saw this shit on . months ago
Did you make an account just for THAT! I'm... I don't know, something something... flattered? 
OP, something something...... faggot.
Haha, I'm a petty guy
For some reason I don't believe this. You'd have made an account much earlier to argue with other asshole petty people. You seem okay.
I like you dudes.
If it ends like he predicts, I will fist my asshole on YouTube. 
The best use of a permalink ever.
Saved.
Joey, do you like movies about gladiators?
Will OP deliver??
OP already delivered you shitfaced maggot

Hey, quick question: what CSS are you using in the screenshot?
Sorry bro,  don't use counter strike source, using  Mimi. 
Wait, what was the question? 
The custom CSS in the screenshot. You know, what makes the page look different than standard 4Chan?
iPhone, by the looks of it 
It's just a little android masterrace app called Mimi. Thought I said that  ;-) 
I kinda skipped over that when you cracked a joke at Counter Strike: Source. Made me assume Mimi was a game.
newfag
faggot
This will never work.  you have to sacrifice a fresh copy of Shaq-fu complete with game gear and a large baggie full of AA batteries.  It should all be in the center on top of the 34.........
Needs more watermelon. 
He needs icy hot patches for a mershaq

I think he's busy doing a SWAT raid, tag-along.
Hes got a Baden's ball. Not trying hard enough...
Whats wrong with people on 4chan
A short while later... 
Needs some fried chicken
Holy fuck. is that cereal made of cookies? you amerifats are must be insane.
I can't hear you from all the way up here. Which backwoods part of
 not-America are you from?
Careful, I don't think you're ready for the shaq attack.
"Grab my belly and make a wish."
7/10 the pentagram is backwards
You're looking at it wrong.
Whoa, holy shit, I remember this thread.
Needs Icy Hot
Wow. My friend put this picture on his facebook wall yesterday =D
[deleted]
Kill yourself.
I can't get those drinks in my country.. Can any Merican please tell me if the grape one is as good as Welch's grape drink?
The Vanilla Cream one is delicious as fuck. 
i can tell you the orange one is amazing
noted.
It's blueberry. But it's still freaking delicious 
where can I find these things? I live in Mass and haven't come across them yet
Really? I see them everywhere, especially in the city. Anywhere that sells Arizona Iced Tea usually has them. Try CVS
They sell them in 7-11 down in Virginia
Looks like I'm getting one when I get my free Slurpee today
711 definitely carries them. 
Why is this on /b/ instead of /x/?
please tell me someone has the whole thread
shaq and 4chan....looks like my worlds are colliding.
Man I miss cookie crisps.
It looks nasty as fuck. No wonder american kids are so fucking fat.
Is it exactly what it looks like?  Cookies so small that they can pass for cereal?
Pretty much..And it's glorious.
Do they not make those anymore?
I haven't seen them in stores and 
I live in Mexico and there still are cooooookie crisps here
Still selling them here in the UK m8
Faggot. Cookie Crisp tastes like shit. They aren't even cookies.
90% sure they do.
FUCK YOU! I'm Canadian but I will willingly drive 2 hours to the nearest Walmart in America and I will buy like 10 boxes of the stuff..Amazon also sells it but it won't ship to Canada.
That's sad.
They're not actually cookies. They're regular cereally starch with cookie and chocolate flavor.
So there exist people who willingly eat pretend cookies?  
I am Canadian.
You need to do it all on top a smart car.
Buick*
with some gold bond powder or icy hot
Shaq is love, Shaq is life
He needs one of those basketballs with Shaq's handprint on it
Yah the ones KFC had back in the day! .Everyone had one of those.
Or basically any basketball other than the rubber pleb shit he has.
But why Cookie Crisps?
It's cookies for breakfast! Why the fuck are you questioning it?!
Your friend is a faggot.
Havin a bad day?
You are a faggot
Ouch. 
I'd just like to point out the sodas are fucking gross
Obviously you've never had mother fucking coooooookie crisp
Shaq soda is actually pretty fucking tasty, plus you get Shaq's giant face on a can; it pays for itself pretty easily.
the blueberry is awful.
should've included more pics of all the chants people were telling him to say, they were hilarious
"shaq we're on live..."."I don't give a fuck."
[deleted]
SNES? What kind of a Gaylord are you?.Sega MasterRace.
Sega was for poor kids. I only ever had a Genesis as a secondary console. 
You mean, not sissies who can handle a bit of kool aid splatter.
"Because I'm not fucking around"
Ravioli ravioli, give me the formuoli.
This was funny. Whoever said 8/10 is a faggot. 
Mysides/10
lel/10
toplel/10
/10
topkek/10
Anyone who ever rates anything is.

That Ebert fella is in trouble then. 
6/10
0|0
nigger
Update: 
No Shaq Fu game, not gonna work.
be sure to post the pic where his dick pops out the hole
r u op
nop
Than why are  you such a big faggot?
How in the fuck can people mess up then and than so fucking frequently??
i think this one was on purpose. The mistake usually goes one way. People type "then" instead of "than", barely ever the other way around
I just don't understand how it can possibly happen. They're both spelled and spoken differently and mean very different things. How is it possible?!
. 
It pisses me off too. But some people just don't know the difference. I try not to be friends with people like that. For my own good. 
Aww man, it's only a minor grammatical infraction. 
But it isn't one that is so hard to use correctly. Nor is it one that is caused by a typo. That minor infraction shows that the person doesn't understand even the simplest rules of the English language.


It's funny because they all answered differently.
top lel . i am so laugh now . huehue
To anyone wondering, SSDs do not currently last as long as Spinning Drives. The reason I say currently, is that they've supposedly found a way to get past a 10,000 read/write limit by setting them on fire, so to speak.
I don't know
Can you repeat the question
You're not the boss of me now.
You're not the boss of me now.
And your not so big
You're not the boss of me now.
c-c-c-c-combo breaker

Soooo yeahh.. I'm gonna need to see behind those boxes.
Doing gods work those Daleks
the thread continued even though the daleks came
one small step for /b/
Daleks are not much better than furries.
WHAT IS IN THOSE GODAMN BOXES!?

oh god,that burned my soul
Hi you must be new to the internet! Have you tried E621 yet? How bout Fur Affinity?
It's all one person fucktard.
I liked the one guy that complained about the scales in the fur pics, presumably dragons fucking racecars or something equally retarded.
You mean one person posted a bunch of daleks
This is . we come here solely to see whats behind teh damn boxes. Op is a major faggot.
I wanna see behind the box.
I dont
WHATS IN THE BOX?!?
Pain
Penises
There always is
Well it was a herm thread (or maybe I saw a different one that got taken over by daleks...) so there were definitely penises. And oh so many daleks.
Yea that was the herm one
Anybody remember when our schools tried to tell us not to auto eroticaly asphyxiate ourselves except they didn't give us the whole masturbation part of it. Just kind of like, "Don't strangle yourself" 
That's a pretty solid response to cancer.
New copypasta. I've read this shit a few times in the past few days and I keep asking where I can find the video. No responses. I'm starting to wonder if the video even exists.
C'mon dude, if she died then how did the video get up there?
It doesn't. 

"gibe link plos".so much lel
Web cam?
I came just from reading that description.
Shit like this is what /b/ used to be like. Now oldfags are scattered across boards telling tales from the crypt.
The person who discovered her body is a total bro.
We can only hope

Link plos.
huehuehuehuehue 
We need it
Yes, yes we do. Maybe . takes requests.
Call in the /v/idya guys that may have scene the thread.

If she actually died I'm guessing the video would have never been posted.
Oh how naive 
Half-life 3 set to be released o-
Why do people put the dash? You don't put the fucking dash.
Yeah man what the fu-
Those dashes ruin the who-
He won't get to get what he's after till the day he di-
You have to say Candlejack' s full name before he comes, fuckta
Ok? They never fucking left you cunt..Lurk moar and stop being such a newfa
Bad, OP. You were going to say bad.
Don't they call them sharp-shooters n
In the police force and a few countries yes..Although in most of the world the official term is sni-

The safe is full of-
THE SHACK IS HIDING TH-
Grand Theft Auto V was delayed becau-
A blunderbuss loaded with the teeth of previous burglars 

Try again
0/10 would not /k/ with.
Operate with.
UPS guy knocks on the door a little too hard, is now lying 20 feet away in the yard with a broken face.Welp. 

Why can't we just learn to love each other 
You are a complete faggot who stole this shitty thing from the ylyl thread. Its over three years old, kill yourself and stay in leddit. Holy fuck your submissions you are so autistic
Why do you call it "leddit" if your on it, faggot dick munch

Well if you use the faggot site you are a faggot we are faggots together embrace it son
Confirmed faggot
I'm sorry that you feel that way.
would torrent.
 What a Holocaust!
I didn't recognize the song at first, but when I did, I lel'd hard.
The top comments did it for me.
reminder: /pol/ is shit and if you browse it and especially if you post there, you are shit and should kill your fat ugly self
srs/jidf pls...
Who could be behind this post?

Someone really had fun with the names, huh....Mark "The shark"...
Can't flimflam the Zimzam
Hilarious
Satirical
What's the extension for highlighting /b/ IDs?
hahahAha u weenie!
[deleted]
4chan does it natively, try clicking options once in a while
It's obvious he knows about his ID, considering he got 0 replies in 20 minutes he's just lamenting on how of a social failure he is.
if you don't feel safe click the link. expand it 
total weenie style
Theres a settings button in the top right corner of the site on the boards.
Anon has no friends, not even one, not on the Internet, nor at home.  Anon sheds a tear, "no one to even talk to on the phone".  So he talks to himself and feels as if no one cares, "At least no one will ever see the skid marks in my underwear."
What a coincidence, all of those people had the same ID. Those Anons sure are funny.
I can't cringe hard enough for this.
The guy advertising his youtube and replying only to find out he had the same ID is worse.
Link??
what are you going off about?
There is a picture of a guy advertising his yt account and replying to his own messages before finding out his ID is the same. I would like the link to said picture. 
well, i don't have that link, so sorry bout that, But that seems like it would be funny to see.
Link?
I remember that. I also remember throwing up a little in my mouth afterwards.
comedy gold
There's plenty of vibration, energy, and especially frequency in my masturbation
That was your post, yes?
totes my post. thats what i do, I make witty responses on 4chan then post them on reddit for karma. You got me
You wouldn't be the first, or last, or funny.
such a negative nancy
Such a faggoty faggot.
Which game is the guy with the cape and gun from? 
I think it's I wanna be the guy.
Who's the girl with the beak? 
Its a character from Loz: ww. I'm blanking on her name right now. 
seems like /v/ actually has some pretty decent artists
Completely ruined it by putting it side by side, I wanted to guess you asshole.
Then go to /v/
Last one was Kyle Kartran from Jedi Outcast
Wait, so /v/ actually has its good moments?.Maybe I should go there more...
The Boo one was really good, didn't expect a character without an outline 
I approve OP's example
Which dismally stupid motherless cunt forgot Pac Man's eye?
That was Ezio not connor!
Dude ... Fez. Really?
Who is the crying kid character? That's the only one I don't know.
If i'm not mistaken it's from the binding of isaac
Cactus cactus cactus
What was that guys name again
[deleted]
I'm gonna guess the first all red character is Cloud?
i remember when kyle katarn was the man
whys there not a reboot
Fuck, you beat me too it. The grey lining and brown sleeve with beard gave it away. Good catch bro
Correct. 
RBCP
Zoom in, dumbass
Correct 
Found it, she's Medli! Thanks bro :)
"Link, when did you become triplets?".One of the best characters in the game.

This was actually pretty well done, good job OP you fucking faggot.
Ezio, not Connor.
I noticed that, too. Connor doesn't have the beard.
Nor the color red.
Unless you buy the red outfit.
I know but in the picture it's blue. You know.
Megaman was really super casual mode.
I think pacman is just as bad. 
Did nobody notice bit.trip runner?
I give it points for having to adjust the background for it. Sure the body and legs were easy, but he must have spent hours on that background.
Hours? 
Literally.
Eyosongiveus
Kifflom
Ehh, fuck that. Too obvious once he left the briedcase it was going to be some bullshit like that. What I did expect was that OP's dad was just going to run off and leave the kid behind. 
YOU A BUSTA
that mission was such a fucking bullshit
[deleted]
Why would you use the phrase lost it? Its barely even a reply and its the same 2 replies you see in every thread. you should have said lol or something. you didn't fucking lose it.
[deleted]
no, what he's saying is that it wasn't very funny. So unless you're retarded and "I lost it" means something roughly like "I thought this was stupid".... actually you're still retarded either way. .Die in a fire.
Well did you ever find it?
Didn't get the reference. Still amusing somehow
GTA San Andreas.
CJ YOU A MUTHAFUCKIN LIABILITY 
Damn. That one really got me.
What is the Big Smoke? Only heard it used to describe Toronto.
Big Smoke is a character from the game Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas..This line (All we had to do was follow the damn train, CJ) comes from a mission where you must keep up with a train with the Vagos (Yellow gang consisting of Hispanics) on the roof of the train, while Big Smoke shoots them down..Failing the mission results in Big Smoke saying "All we had to do was follow the damn train, CJ!"
Also: most people found this mission too hard because Big Smoke's AI is a cunt and handling the motorcycle is hard as fuck. thus, making it hard to complete the mission. so even now, the line is still burned in our brain.
That mission fucked me over. Too many damn tumes.
BUT IDID FOLLOW THE FUCKING TRAIN, YOU JUST CAN'T SEEM TO FUCKING AIM!!
"You a busta, CJ, a straight busta."
I've never seen any other game, that got away with this level of shitty control design.
It's Leo's own fault for his Method acting.
how did leo almost die? im confus
from getting shot you fuckwit
they allow them to carry live guns on the set? I think dummy guns wouldnt be that dangerous, nigga
did he died?
What an artist.
*autist.
I was waiting for this.
This explains things.
Wouldn't the opposite of alpha be omega?
this is like an accidental motivational quote 
Some of them...
a full release of a beta would be worst than a beta, if an alpha is better but comes before... bad logic
Actually, one could make that argument. If betas aren't comfortable being themselves, they're not fully them.
That's like saying the opposite of A is Z.
That was your sad attempt at humor right?
It's . its all a sad attempt at humor
Elliot hulse always talks about becoming the strongest version of yourself
Wow this subreddit is so shitty

omg that is atrocious and yet so 4chan appropriate 
8/10 until I saw "splish splash motherfucker.".0/10
You're a faggot
Aren't we all?
No
you're right, only OP and you are a faggot.
Lel
Spoken like a true beta.
That means Alphas will become Betas at some point.
beat me to it
fun fact: 'beta' in Hindi means Son.
thanks batman
Yup. That's what I call all my indian friends. 
Thank you for that interesting fact.
Can you tongue my anus?
How stealthy of you. 
DAE RELEVANT YOOSERNIMZ?
Beta, I am disappoint.
Everybodies gonna make it brah
Everybodies

Was that supposed to be clever?
Sounds like something 12-year-old me would say.
[deleted]
Says the 39 day old account

it is known.
I feel like this should be in Latin.
Lil' B's career has got to be the greatest poe I've ever seen.
I only just found out what this was. I'd have had no idea what you were talking about otherwise.

Thank you based fack9gag
they could have done so much more.
I would've posted Vanilla Jackson. Some thing better than that.. 

Don't make fun of the handicapped, assholes.
Check your privilege, OP.
Op made the same mistake as the robots in The Matrix. Humans do not spontaneously create energy. They convert the energy in the food they ingest into a form they can use. You'd be converting food into farm work into food. .People have been doing it for thousands of year, but they can't do it a particularly efficient rate. A combine can make that conversion at a magnitude a hundred times greater..Thank about it. Pre-industrial revolution, a family could raise enough food to support it'self and maybe a couple other families. Now, less than 1% of all Americans are farmers, but they are productive enough to feed the whole country (excluding roughly 15% of food in the US, which is imported)..In other words, it makes way more sense to make women slaves in factories making machines than to use them as farmhands.
OP's post is like St. Elsewhere because in the end it all just took place in the mind of an autistic child.
This is funny?
Is shit in this subreddit supposed to be funny?
Can't best the West.
Don't we have a constant poster here named friendly skeleton?
nice
too bad the imperial guards weren't the ones bombing the skype call
that entire courtroom is a circus, anytime black folks get involved shit goes haywire.
top lel was had
You make a compelling argument there. Normally I would agree with you. However this is the internet, so I must call you a homosexual instead.
Theres literally no way zimmerman can get convicted, the prosecution has given no tangible evidence, just lies, conjecture, feelings, and claims of racism....I personally wanna see him free cus the massive chimpout that will occur when he walks.
That dude is majorly fucked if he gets to walk. That fuckface sub human Spike Lee already gave out Zimmerman's  parents' address, except it was wrong and some old innocent people got hassled. If he gets off he is fucked because of all the bullshit the media pulled to hype this up. 

To egy 4 ma
Try Connecticut then.
This guy man, cancer, blah, blah, blah, come on dood, be original at least. Senseless hatred gets boring after awhile, at least do some passive aggressive bullshit. 
Dont hurt yourself on those edges
If Zimmerman wins, this skeleton is going to get swarmed by low level redguards.
Not redguards, it will be swarmed with hippie rangers collecting bones for their prayer xp to level up.
Woah man that takes me back.  I used to level up my prayer as all the time in runescape.
Remember scouring the world for the runestone altars?
I remember lighting 20 fires in a row to get a better fire starting skill.
Remember farming the goblins outside of Lumbridge?
For hours!
fuuuuck. Wow. Right next to those faggot cows!
better to grind on the cows anyway- you can sell the hides or leather
Yep.
Hey those cows could be vicious, I once got attaxked by a shade after killing some.
Now, pussies can just use bonfires. Literally you just sit there and dump your whole inventory of logs for xp per log using one click.
But.. But... What about the rows of fires across the land?
Fucking casuals.
Casuels*
Thanks for the punchline title, faggot
Seriously op go kill yourself...  Signed, everyone 
REAL HUMAN BEAN
Story needs more real human bean.
I wonder if anon meant "Cadillac converter" as a joke or thinks that what it really is. 
anon is clearly a car guy. caddilac instead of catalytic; "wants the initial D";  magnum flow. lelelelelelell.
a real an hero
I was hoping for some specs on the make/model of the car.
From his trip, it's a Miata. so...9 HP, 6 ft-lbs of Torque?
2Fast4Me
A joke, judging by also saying magnum flow instead of magnaflow. 
Wow I didn't catch that but it makes it even funnier. I used to work at a parts store and you have no idea how many people thought they were Cadillac converters
I haven't heard Initial D in forever.
I'd sail on that ship.
And sink with it.

I fucking tried this kind of thread so long ago and it was shit-tier.
[deleted]
Oldie but Goodie
Yes, we know the pasta is everywhere but no, we don't care. 

bag og dicks
Copy Pasture
350 pounds without a mobility scooter wheelchair? Bullshit.
old as hell but I'll take it.
Tried too fucking hard. 
Ironic shitposting is still shitposting.
what a stupid post. 

Well that clearly didn't happen.
Nice job on that there original comment
fucking summerfag...
cool story. needs more ranch dressing.

[deleted]
You have been banned from ..
Why don't we just basically say the same story in different variations over and over again so some dude can cash in his Internet points. 
Upvoted it as soon as i read "haven't eaten in 20 minutes... Starving"
Thanks for telling us
WUT
you obviously never learned to read very well
*read good
*read extraordinary 
repost, but w.e
Op probably Chinese stealing American ideas
That's a very Chinese sounding sentance

copy.pasta.notavirus.exe
Pretty good, but I don't get the clapping part.
The only time I've ever been on a flight where people clapped was in Europe, on a Spanish airline
Americlaps
he clapped because the plane landed safely, you're people and nth African Berbers also do it.
oh boy.
It is actually very common to clap when the plane lands
In america
I'm American and Ive never seen it here.  Ive seen it in Spain
They don't clap on Asian Airlines...
I've never understood that. Why is everybody clapping someone who just did his job? Who cares, he's probably done it hundreds, if not thousands of times. If a pilot landed a 747 unconcious and with one wing missing then I might give a little clap.
For the same reason you tip a capable waiter for just doing his job.  Except your life was in the pilot's hands for several hours.
Would you clap the busdriver? You know, normal traffic is statisically more dangerous than flying. Therefore its more of an accomplishment if you didnt die on your bus-tour. clap to that poor bastard behind the wheel.
That's American stupidity. Both tipping and clapping after the pilot lands the plane.
No one fucking claps. It's a fucking myth. I've flown 100+ times. No one ever claps..Tipping is a different story. Tipping is common in America. It's just a different way of doing things. 
Tipping because employers paying a decent wage would just violate their freedoms, yet it's fine to badger ordinary people for 10-20% 'gratuity' every where they go - tips become stealth service charges not rewards for good service. And why tip taxi drivers but not bus drivers? Why tip restaurant serving staff but not mcdonalds staff?
Because a bus driver follows a route over and over again. It doesn't really matter who is on the bus or not, or if they get there on time. The driver's job is only to drive the route. A taxi driver, on the other hand, caters specifically to you. Takes you, and only you, to your destination. It's a more personal service..Again, more personal service. McDonalds staff stays behind the counter in specific positions churning out as much product as possible. As restaurant waiter serves you personally. They are on call to do whatever you want.
I've heard people clapping on 2 flights from the 10 I had.
Maybe you shouldn't have gotten so excited on those two flights. The pilot was just doing his job.
Nobody fucking claps when a plane lands sweetheart
Source: I'm American
Edit: JESUS H FUCK I do not care about all your shitty storys we get it "America sucks DAE le me gusta face!" Who the hell cares if someone claps anyway? That would only bother someone with a hardcore form of autism
I'm American and the clapping stereotype is true where I am.
Was on a short flight from London to Dublin. Two American women behind me (I know they were American because they wouldn't stop talking and they had full on Boston accents) clapped when it landed and everyone just looked at them like they were mental.
Well good then, because I wouldn't fucking know. I'm not an Americunt.
I went abroad and when I traveled to other countries by plane with some of my friends they fucking clapped..They were the . ones who did.
Almost every time I have taken a flight people clap after we land, I don't understand it either.
I can understand clapping for a GOOD landing (in heavy storms or fog, lots of turbulence, etc) and I suppose groups of touristy people excited to "arrive" at their destination might clap, otherwise it seems useless.
It's just old legacy from when airplanes were thought to be much more dangerous and the pilots actually controlled the airplane most of the time..
The clapping was the passenger's way of showing thanks for being able to safely bring them to their destination.
I have never seen/heard this. 
I'm Greek and many people here do this as well. It is like saying "good job for not killing us" to the pilot after landing. People will often clap after a good landing or a successful one in harsh conditions.
Retards like to clap. Also, the zoo. 
...Seriously? I fly every month and have never, ever heard people applaud when we land. Everybody's too exhausted to do anything but get off the plane. Traveling is tiring. 
It's started to die off as a habit lately.
It's definitely not every flight, but midrange ones.  Fly from lax to Honolulu and the fuckers will clap, also if the descent is a bit bumpy they will clap.  Seriously though, next flight you are on, no matter how short or smooth, clap when it lands and the rest of those fucks will join in.
I've heard the stereotype that 'muricans applaud everything. 
[deleted]
You do realize that it's usually used in a negative way by people who aren't American, right?
Amerians clap at the end of a movie and dumb shit like that.
Huh, I am an American and I have never heard or heard of anyone actually clapping or cheering while watching a movie.
I had an american school mate and (this is true) he'd clap when ever he took a shit. After 10 years in Britain he went back over to the states and he's some high flying scientist now.
What fucking movie theatre do you go to
American here. That has never happened at any movie I've been too.
I've never understood why we clap at movies. Not like anyone who was involved with the filming will hear you.
I have never heard anyone in the United States clap at movies. They do in Lebanon though
If you get enough people clapping loud enough, they just might. 
protip: no.
FWD:RERERERERERERERERERERERERERERERERERERERE .Copy pasta older then the internet
You just pushed me over the limit, fuck this subreddit. Me and my respectful edgyness is leaving this shithole.
Jesus Christ people we get it. OP is a fag. We've told him so many times he can't forget it. It will echo is his head for eternity.
Cool story, phaggot.  Tell it again.
A complete waste of our time and yours
What a terrible post. How young do you have to be to find this funny?
this isn't funny and fuck you
I dun get it
Fuck that song so much. Had a music play list at the university gym a few years back, that song played every 10 minutes.
Non-stop pop-pop from stainless steel
I lost focus about half way in
_ my name is Hamza...

Yes. That is the post.

When you don't see them coming, it's hilarious. I should have gotten suspicious when he mentioned his name, as though it was relevant to the story.
I don't listen to any new music, as a general rule (mostly Radio 4 and audiobooks, these days), so not only do I never see them coming, I usually have to head over to the comments to verify they were actually there in the first place...
The song referenced is ten years old.
I don't quite get it, but I'm guessing it's a DMX reference. 

I know. I meant relevant to the story, as opposed to the punchline.
Most of these were pretty dogshit, but only like 2 were actually... well done.
ITAOTS second, figures. 
It amazes me that non-athletes think they need to do squats.
..... We don't?
If you're overweight you should avoid them like the fucking plague..I suppose if you're scrawny and you plan on getting fucking ripped, then maybe you'll do some squats..For most people, squats are fucking overkill.
Source and explanation please?
Ok thanks, I want to ask more questions but I'll go to r/fitness rather than be a burden.
Realize that there are people out there who disagree with me..../fit/ hates cardio. I'm all about cardio.
I'm actually training for the spartan race right now, so cardio isn't much of a worry. I've just got to make a little space for beefing up on the side, but thanks bros!
I wish I had a dad that introduced lifting to me. 
Not familiar with gym stuff, benching, squats, whatever, and not getting the point of the story... What's going on?!
cool story bro
Feeling good on 4chan, WHAT HAS COME OF THIS PLANET
If you don't do dem squats you don't know shit...
Feels good.  Also....HEY NIGGERS! I'M SHITPOSTING!!! .BRING IT THE FUCK ON!
No
We're all gunna make it brahs. 
/fit/ users please kill yourselves. Your stories are as shitty as your faggot loving muscles.
Bullshit that rack is for curls
This was one of the few /fit/ stories that wasn't crappy. You took this comment to the wrong post.
That was a pleasant story
I want to go to the gym at my university and lift weights....but I feel scared that someone is going to make fun of me because I'm scrawny.
I go to the gym at my university. Nobody even gives a crap, they're lost in the music, lifting weights and the fellowship they have with the people they brought and the people already there. They will definately help you if you ask. At worst they look at you and think 'well at least he's trying to better himself'. .I was scrawny too, but I can say with no ego I gained a lot of muscle mass (not super strong but you know). It's literally the one thing that helped me to get focused on my schoolwork..Just go there, bro. We're all gonna make it.
Hell, they'd more likely encourage you!
The thing is, they wont make fun of you, even if they do, all you need to say is at least im actually going to the gym, to try and better myself, they cant make fun of you for wanting that, because thats the reason they are there for too.
dude I just started working out and I'm 35, beer gut, thin arms, chicken legs. I put on my earphones and hit the weights till I can't push any more. I see fat girls on the treadmills, old guys ing the machines, and buff dudes on the free weights. everyone is there for one thing or another, and if I see a scrawny guy hitting the weights I think to myself the same thing when I see the Fatties hitting the treads "good for them". Everyone just nods at one another when passing. When you start seeing results, you won't care any more. 
So? How do you want to change your body then?
Those guys started like you. And everyone i met in the gym was nice, friendly and helpfull.
I remember I could only do 15 pounds on each side. Now I'm benching over two plates & it all happened under a year. Get yours brah! No one gives a shit!
I'd like to hear more about how you did this. Inspires me to get to the gym.
me too
HEY LOOK! THIS GUY IS MAKING HIMSELF LOOK AND FEEL BETTER! WHAT A LOSER!
so a /fit/tard actually squats? well fuck me.
Never miss leg day.
Only when they pee.
That's all we do mate..I mean sometimes we take breaks from squatting and do Deadlifts.
Even more impressive is that it didn't end with the standard homoerotica or pants-shitting.
Bro, girls can smell the squats after you come home from the gym. The pheromones and shit just make them really horny.

You'd be surprised how many people go to the gym to work out...not judge every other person there..I have yet to be to a gym where I've seen others make fun of someone else, whether it be because they are over or under weight..Man the fuck up and go to the gym.  I started my working out at a university, and you will meet guys there who are more often than not, more than willing to give you tips and/or a spot.
Pleasantly surprised, thought it was going to be one of the usual dick heads who likes to show off how they can lift more.
Or another moronic 4chan switcheroo.
reminded me of the ending of sixth sense, i think i stopped breathing for a sec.

Faggot
niggerfaggo
Looks like it held true here
What is this garbage?
HURR HURR HURR
HUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUE
What an unexpected outcome.
Well that's really messed up
God dammit 4chan!
I find death least funny when it happens to a child. 
Child? The kid was 17, Smoking weed. He is not a child. The media portrays it as if he is an infant. 
I've been seeing this Zimmerman/treyvon shit all over the Internet but I have no idea what it's about
thats not fucking funny faggots
Don't be such a cunt.
haha jew
This is so bad but oh so good.
some faggot has his mouse in the where's waldo picture
Came for Weekend at Bernies, leaving with a spring in my step.
The 9/11 one reminds me of the guys in cho aniki who fly along side you
Oh god words cannot describe the feeling I'm feeling in my sides
This shit still passes as funny. Fuck, just read one of the 70 others posted here. 
Where'd they go :'( I want to troll facebook
First tine seeing his picture. I thought he beat Zimmerman up but his knuckles are normal? When I fight and hit someone my hands swell and bleed his look fine.
You're usually not dead after your fights though, I'm assuming.
No however when ever me and my infantry bros would kick in doors and do what we had to do their hands and other wounds wouldn't heal. Crazy
I was watching fox news yesterday and they said that if you lose aloooottt of blood then your bruises or impact zones won't swell. I dunno if that's true though.
Fox news
This is really fucked up. That being said I can't find him anywhere on the where's Waldo pic.
in the middle theres a woman mad at her son for he came over her towel. right above
Meh, Cant really find any humor in a dead kid..Not saying Zimmerman is guilty, just that the whole ordeal is tragic. 
wow this actually got upvotes.........stay classy fuck heads
somebody sounds butthurt
not even remotely.......just....whats the word im looking for.....flabbergasted by the lack of respect and bad taste
You're either a next level troll, or the newest of summerfags. 
Implying a juvenile delinquent that got their ass rocked deserves any amount of respect.  .I would have shit on his corpse given the opportunity.
oh yea I forgot because you actually know this person....he was bad enough for you to shit on his corpse.....shows everyone what kind of person you are
He was (operative word) a drug dealing thief that got what he deserved. The world is a better place without Trashcan Martin around.
he sounds so horrible...you guys must of seen some things.....been through some shit together....ill take your word for it....

That's a good one
But most funny when it happens to a nigger!

I bet you're the edgiest kid on the bus 
3EDGY5YOU
10 bucks says when Zimmerman walks (and he will) there will be a massive chimp out and race riots everywhere because that "cracker bitch" got away. Brought to you by /pol/ 
There are EMT teams and other organizations that have begun plans/drills for the repercussions of the Zimmerman trial. God help the urban centers.
this shit is dark.Here's some more
Holy shit the Muhammad Ali one! I can't stop laughing
Wait is he dead? Wtf
Fuck laughing my ass off, moar!
too soon
I'm going to kill you and dress you up as a Sailor Scout and then I'm going to post a shitty photo of you in Times Square on . saying how ugly your face is..That still wouldn't be too soon.
Its never too soon. 
neat
Wtf no u sick fuck.
shibe
When you came in to this subreddit did you notice a sign that said dead nigger storage?
You didn't. You wanna know why? Cause storing dead niggers ain't our fuckin' business, that's why!
seriously saw waldo before i saw trayvon
Where is Trayvon? please cicrcle him on the image or something, I CAN'T FIND HIM
Lying on the sun lounger in the middle.
*Trayboon
Fuck that, Trayvon has such low resolution that I was looking straight at him and didn't realize it for 5 minutes.
Shit I kept looking at that thinking it was a weird fucking shadow.
[deleted]

What was it?
Got it
What it fucking sed Sawgrad
It was along the lines of "What kind of dumbass listens to anything on 4chan"
Actually pretty good
it's just a shitpost guys, turn back.
I read the title too fast and I though STAIN was STALIN so I was like cool WW2 story until I got into the story
"The red army often used shit flinging as an effective counter to the german blitzkrieg." - History Channel

Pisses me off that screening in utero for downs is actually very good, but religious cunts like Sarah Palin think having a tard baby makes you some kind of hero.
All sort of genetic diseases can be picked up, but most people make a connection with the child before birth but don't realize how hard it will be.
I like to imagine OP is the janitor off Scrubs, makes the story 1X better.
Bellybuster.jpg
Anon slides by on a 2 to 3 victory against two retarded high school kids
Even in OPs imagination he sucks ass, apparently.
I'm sure this happened.
Out of everything that's happened ever, this happened the most. 


All-star post OP!
HEY NIGGERS! I'M SHITPOSTING!!! .BRING IT THE FUCK ON!
Anon being a fucktard == water is wet.
This may be me reading it completely wrong. But the time stamps are like hours apart. With the comment first and the new thread the next day
Summerfag
I saw something similar happen, except a guy stayed around and bumped the thread for TWO HOURS. Long after OP left. It was just this one guy posting every minute or so about OP being retarded. Very disappointed that I can't find the screencaps. 
And OP is a faggot as well

Ugh, Dodger :3, the best human being.
mmm dodger...
They have different Filenames. 
They don't, that's just the link to the image, the filename is incredifag on both.
i confus.explain
wat
He accidentally created a thread while he wanted to reply. Still a pretty dumb mistake.
I'm not even surprised with so many newfags around these days.

pls go

the gif 
god that's awful
who is that?
Dodger. PressHearttoContinue and DexterityBonus on youtube.
A ridiculous cunt seems more like a compliment. 
my favorite 





Critics are calling this post "absolutely riviting".  "This is the best post I've seen so far" "It was totally not a waste of time". "Bold, Daring, Insanely Funny" I was ROFLing the whole way through!"  Nominated for the Awsomest Samefaging award and the elite Acadamy of Shitposts Award.  
Roger Ebert called it "A riveting exploration of OP's sexuality."
What kind of IQ must one have to have the idea of 'naked falcon kick'ing someone in the head because they were pissing and actually do it. First, that isn't going to stop them. Seconds, they won't be able to pee on your chest if they are knocked out. Three, you might (not) kill them.
I don't even
Don't put the punch line in the title
Too bad this will fail, it made me chuckle.
This needs more upvotes. Fucking hilarious. This would do well on r/cringe as well
go fuck yours-
You don't even what?
Understand what they are trying to say
Well why didn't you finish your sentence?
Because he
Because there's a sni
Oh come on, this joke is w
I don't see any sni
OP wakes up from a dream he is masturbating to.
ITT: people saying ITT.
Scumbag Squatter
[deleted]
3 plate? Are you 12 years old?
What the fuck is a plate? 
Thanks hungryskelleton!
Why would it be a good idea to go around in a wheelchair exactly?
First time I actually laugh out loud while looking at a reddit post.
Also a priest and a rabbi didn't walk into a bar and have a zany experience.
You joke, but Lance Armstrong actually did that.
Eyosongiveus
You're retarded, you've obviously never squatted before. Most husky 12 year olds can barely do 2 plates.
1 plate is pretty high for the average twelve year old
You're retarded. I was shitting on the op to make a point. 3 plates is still weak sauce for anyone over 16.
There's a big difference between the weight a 16 year old and a 12 year old can do.
Exactly.
only 3 plates? thats cute
I would love to see this in an Always Sunny episode..The actor that plays Mac sheds all his weight and bulks up, and then half the episode is him being a ripped asshole doing this and more.
Oh my god shut up
fuck you
I don't understand losing gains at all.
Yeah but if you weigh 300 lbs you are barely squatting your own weight so that makes you a weak pussy. 

Wow this seems like a good idea, thanks for the tutorial.
Lol
This is godly
Have you never lifted weights before?
Not really, no. Maybe like in middle school and Sophomore year of high school. I just go off pull ups/push ups and basic leg exercises. 
Sorry if I'm not the guru of weight lifting. 
They are plate shaped weights that typically are 45lbs each.  2 plates implies 2 two on either side of the barbell. The bar weighs 45 lbs. 
A "plate" in this case is a 45lb weight that you put on each side of the bar which is usually the largest plate weight at most gyms. So 3 plates of 45 on each side plus the bar weight of 45 and this is 315lbs. There are also 35lb, 25lb, 10lb, 5lb plates.
Top lel, fucking saved too.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Why would walking lose one's "gains"?
[deleted]
In a few months when he cuts, he will be the king of gains, and we will all mire in his glory.
Kids in highschool football do 3 plates easy 
Our high school lifting coach had a PhD. You lifted everyday. Then went to practice. Most people stop working out after high school sports. when you get back into it it takes a long time to get back in that form. 
Thanks OP, i really liked that one..People Q.>
3 plates is beast lulz? Maybe on bench
Man, you sound like a bitch. 
But you'll never find out if he LOOKS like a bitch.
What?
Bitch please
i will cum to ur house swer on me mum ur dead m8
[deleted]
And do half squats, or just bounce the bar on their shoulders then rack it
Good point. 

not even close homie 
Shut the fuck up

doesn't seem like he's the one mad about high school
I coach high school sports dummy. 
So you're a paedophile?
This is an American colony you're in, friend. 
and this is where i unsub... thanks!
b-but g3allen10-chan... I... I love you....
cya faggot
b-but I will miss you
[deleted]
ITT: people saying what is happening in this thread.
well excuuuuse me, didn't know we were graced w/ presence of Ronnie Coleman over here.
Fucking plebe thinks 3 plates makes you Ronnie coleman
He's not fat. He's just bulking.
Bro. Cardio kills gains. 
Really? Because everywhere I look people are saying the exact opposite..As long as you maintain a good diet and do cardio at the right times, cardio does not kill gains.
Why don't you paste this a few more times, you fucking faggot. 
Shut the fuck up. Zyzz said that cardio kills gainz, zyzz didnt do cardio and died, therefore he was right.
ya blew it 


ITT: plebes who dont lift shit talking a three plate warm up set.
Get carried to the gym like a king, lift some bitch ass weight like a bitch.
Explain the Boston marathon then?.Can't? then shut the fuck up.

3 plates? Do you even lift?
I used to be able to squat 3 plates when i was 13. I was so happy. But one day my back started hurting and it hasnt gotten better yet, I can't even squat 1 plate without falling over. What should I do?
u dun goof'd
I was the same. Squats really hurt my back and left some lasting discomfort in my knees. Its just something you have to deal with when heavy lifting. Consider strapping your knees up and wearing a weights belt but otherwise its just par for the course.
That's the joke
Buh dum tiss. 
I squat 1 plate. 
No, no it's not.
How do you do that without falling over to one side?
I presume he does something similar to a goblet squat, but holding the plate to his chest or something.
1 plate = bar (20 kg) + 1 plate on each side (20+20) = 60 kg
It's called a joke
It wasn't funny. Lifting is serious business.
Giggles 3X5
Chuckles 3Xfailure failure.You gon lern today boi
He does it on a bosu ball for maximum muscle confusion.

.
ITT: Neckbeards who can't even max 315 calling 3 plates weak.
There's a meet report on my profile with a video of me lifting 4 plates from four months ago. I am a weak neckbeard though. 
Did you call his 3 plates weak? I was talking to the people that did.
I didn't say it was weak, just disputed that it is "beast mode." But to each their own.
Oh okay I agree with you there /b/ro
He means 3 on each side. 
I know. Which is 315lbs. 
Let's be honest: To each . own. Girls not named Broomhilda do not squat 3 plates. 
3 plates IS weak, I do 5 plates on a bad day
6 plates AND dessert when I'm really hungry

How is that any different than /fit/?
the homoerotic overtones 
Is it overtones or undertones?
yes
It's almost as if you think somebody here gives a shit.
Cardio kills gains, fucking casual
Really? Because everywhere I look people are saying the exact opposite..As long as you maintain a good diet and do cardio at the right times, cardio does not kill gains.
is joke, yes
i believe the term is filthy casual. 
faggot alert
DirtyStanBoozie is a crossfag
3 plate is not beastmode... at 4 plate on each side you are starting to get there. You are not beastmode until you force the gym to buy new bars because you are bending the regular ones.
The 3 plate is just his warm up.
If it ain't bending you're just pretending.
I'm at five plates  am I there yet?
3 plates is the first warmup set.

Depending on your weight and how long you've been lifting, repping 315 can be pretty damn good.
Yeah, if I get to the point where I can bench 3 plate, I think I can finally say I do in fact lift, bro
We're all gonna make it, brah
You can do it! Squats max out at 3x your bodyweight. I did 315 around 08 before I went to college and I'm only ~150. Also  protip I found out the hard way that if you put 3 plates on one side of the bar before you start to put weight on the other shit'll flip and KaBOOOMMM. 
I beileive the limit is 2 45lbs, 2 10lbs, and a 5lb or half of a 270lb set.  
Thankfully the time I did this was when I was deadlifting had it lifted a few inches off the ground in the cage to make loading easier. At squatting height would be terrifying.
Yeah, I shat my pants. Or maybe it cause cause of the pre-.
So 4 plate?
Nah bro, when he said 3 plate he meant one each side and one in the middle
Yes, didn't want any fucktards getting the wrong idea of 4 plates total. Don't bro out faggot
if they didnt get the wrong idea of 3 plates why would they get the wrong idea of 4 plates.inb4 hurr durr even numbers are confusing.dont faggot out faggot
THANK YOU 
What kind of shitty bars does your gym use? .. Fucking casuals.  
That's not relevant to anything, at all..I have to assume you replied to the wrong comment.
That bar flexes hardly bro
u wot m8?
to paraphrase.Quite relevant weak fag. 
He pointed at that four plates on each side . four plate, and adding "on each side" is irrelevant. .I replied "thank you" because of the /fit/ "thank you hungry skeleton" thing and his username..Also weakfag is one word.
Weak fag is only one word to weak fags. 

Say my name too or I take your fucking gains brah!
t-thank you hungry skeleton
I hope hungryskeletonn notices my gainz today =3
Th-thank you hungryskeleton
[deleted]
But... but... YOUR GAINS!
His gains never stood a fucking chance.
Thanks hungryskeletonn!
t-thank you hungry skeleton


Hungry skein, we thank you.
t-thank you hungry skeleton
T-thanks hungry skellington
d-danke hungrig Skelett
Indeed it is 
t-thank you hungry skeleton
Th-thank you hungry skeleton 
t-thank you hungry skeleton
T-thank you hungry skeleton 
t-thank you hungry skeleton
t-thank you hungry skeleton
t-thank you hungry skeleton
t-thank you hungry skeleton
t-thank you hungry skeleton
t-thank you hungry skeleton
t-thank you hungry skeleton
t-thank you hungry skeleton
t-thank you hungry skeleton
t-thank you hungry skeleton
t-thank you hungry skeleton
No
sucks to get banned for that one
you don't actually get banned, you can turn off that shit by unchecking "use subreddit style" 
Obey
t-thank you hungry skeleton
t-thank you hungry skeleton
t-thank you hungry skeleton
May I please ask what is going on here?
THANK HIM, YOU BETTER FUCKING THANK HIM. FOR THE GAIN>Z!
t-thank you hungry skeleton.
t-thank you hungry skeleton
t-thank the hungry skeleton
RIP emanresu1369
t-thank you hungry skeleton

ARE YOU FUCKING SORRY?
s-sorry hungry skeleton
Every time
haha, me me

Top lel.
[deleted]
[deleted]
What's this from?.Edit: Alright, Game of Thrones..Edit 2: And according to others:
Game of Thrones
Game of Thrones
Game of Thrones
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]

Gown of Thorns 
Game of Scones
[deleted]
[deleted]
Pigshit.
[deleted]
Game of Thrones
Throne of gnomes
Battlefield 3.
Gamma Thrones
Thrame of Gones
The Internet.
Boku no throne
[deleted]
[deleted]
no warmup set?.Dafuq?
Haha pussy. 

Warmup? Its almost like you WANT to lose your gains
Also, make sure to do them slowly so it doesn't turn into cardio.
loose those gains
they were too tight?

I know 800lb raw squatters and they don't even warm up with 3 plates. 
pussies
[deleted]
It's a joke, it works better in first person.






OP is a camp fire
Soon, op will be kill.
No
The Jedi are using force to cancel dark force. In other words they can't use it..Op will always be faggot.
I've always wondered
Star Wars historian here. Actually, Darth Maul wasn't all that strong in the force. He was great with a lightsaber and that's why sidius drafted him in the first place. To kick ass.
I know. I was only referencing Maul so that people would know what I'm talking about. In hindsight, Greivous vs. Kenobi probably would have been a better example.
Unless im just mistaken, Greivous isnt a sith is he?
No, but he's a bad guy with no force capabilities who works for the Sith.
If he had the force, think of how powerful he would be.
He always found it a personal failure that he could never use the force.
I never knew this. I didn't know there was so much to Star Wars beyond what you see directly in the movies.
You have no idea lol
I've always wondered with something so big as the star wars universe, how is it decided what is canon? Obviously Mr. Lucas himself did not create the whole universe, or write every single Star Wars book, but rather the base for it. But with so many writers and people throwing their shit in to the pot, how is it decided what stays? Quality?
I just realized there is a continuity error here. Plagueis and Palpatine specifically ordered Maul to bring Amidala back alive so she could sign the treaty. .OP needs to get his crap together.
Can we not talk about episode 1?
No. Besides, I wasn't talking about Episode One per say, I was talking about Darth Plagueis, the book. .I don't understand what the big circlejerk over Ep. I is. Yes, in the context of the Star Wars franchise its suck is only surpassed by Episode II, but it's still a good movie.
Can we not talk about episode 1?
No.
Additionally, if you read stuff from the expanded universe (specifically the Darth Bane trilogy, at least that's what I'm thinking of), you find out that one of the first lessons Jedi/Sith learn when training with lightsabers is how to put up a protective shield around yourself so that your opponent can't use the force to push you away/choke you/etc. unless they break through your shield or your concentration (usually easiest if they are winning the lightsaber duel). So unless Obi-Wan or Qui-Gon were making some major fundamental mistakes, there would be no opportunity for Darth Maul to do such a thing even if he were powerful enough..Edit: Not to mention Maul was technically a Sith Assassin rather than a full Sith Apprentice, considering Plagueis and Palpatine were the two true Sith Lords at the time, so he may not have even been powerful enough to do such a thing, although I would guess he probably could force choke them if their guard was down.
I know Dooku wasn't in the movie, bit was he a sith at the time? 
Not while Darth Maul was Darth Sidious' apprentice. He left the jedi order after Qui-Gon was killed, and that is when he began to fall under Palpatine's influence. He was never destined to truly be a Sith, though, since Anakin was who Sidious wanted. It's fitting - if you consider the Rule of Two, which states that once a Sith apprentice has learned all their master can teach them, they will kill their master and find their own apprentice - that Anakin kills Dooku and then eventually takes his place as a Sith.
Ooh. I love Star Wars but never really studied much into it. Thanks for informing.
Glad to help :) If you're ever looking to get into the expanded universe/want to know more about the history of the Sith, I highly recommend the Darth Bane trilogy which pretty much explains how the Sith became what they are in the movies.
Bane is the ultimate badass of Star Wars. 
Will definitely look into it.
Yeah. Maul didn't like being a pussy force user where half his style was twirling things around with the force, he liked to go in and beat the living crap out of everyone with his lightsaber. So I guess there's that.
Was expecting 'where do you live?' as the main question.
For anyone who has never been, Chicago is a weird place. If you stick to the nice like 80% of the city, it is amazing and picture perfect. Very clean and pretty. Then you go to the fucking south side pile of shit, and that's where you have problems.
Which is unfortunate as a Sox fan.  Or, as it seems nowadays, even a Science and Industry Museum fan..Be careful of the hordes of "urban youths" and "honor students" who get bored and decide to riot in the tourist traps though.
Haha, yeah pretty much, don't really follow baseball anymore, hockey has always been my first love, also, the cubs have let me down too many times.
I'm sure you have felt the rage today of Beiber standing on top of the Blackhawks logo.
Oh god... I didn't know.... Damn him! Damn him to hell! He isn't even fucking American that sonofabitch.
 .OP
Not all areas on the southside are bad. Just the black parts
Well I try to not be racist in general, but yes, that is correct. To specify, by "the black parts" I would say, they places that you can see at least 3 drug dealers with a 360 degree turn.
Is living in the murder capital of the country noticeable to the everyday Joe like you OP?
Totally didn't see that coming xddd
OP clearly didn't think that through. 
Like the "Post the last pic you saw on /b/" threads where everyone posts the pic that OP used.
XD yep

8===D ~`~~ DX
I never got why so much media coverage in my country since we are the jihad
That's what went through my head as well. "Why the fuck don't they show Dragon Ball Z...? I don't care about stupid shit happening in America. Hell, any villain in Dragon Ball Z did more damage than this..."

I had the same experience, except I was in Kansas and it was Fox Kids and Transformers.
No. This is very obviously fake. It would have been evening in Australia when 9/11 occurred. OP is a JUICY faggot.
I was in Canada, so it was awesome! We got to take the afternoon off work and watch TV.
I was always demonized in school as being such a bad kid. When 9/11 happened I got to see for the first something that was bigger than me, teachers crying at something other than some prank I did. It was amazing, ever since then I loved natural disasters and terrorists attacks. Anything that distracted people from me. .Also, Saturday morning new digimon episode was suppose to come on, instead fox faggots talking about the same bullshit rerun footage from Tuesday. To me, that was my first real taste of terrorism. They didn't aire the new episode for almost a month. Heartless bastards.
no one realizes how old this exact copypasta is....
The time of the post is 09:11
If he's Austrian then i call bs.
I remember that Toonami was still running it that afternoon, and I opted to watch that instead of the towers falling.
Feel the same way about Princess Diana. Fuck that car wreck, I WANT MY SNL!
I watched pokemon on 9/11,kswb.  truestory.jpg
Yeah fuck that shit I was chucking a Sickie that day and had been pretending all night to get the day off and then all they played was shitty news crap all day, plus our internet was down.
Had this problem with tennis and cricket in new zealand, hated them ever since. I should probly hate the fact we only had 4 TV channels
This was my experience as an American kid trying to watch cartoons on a Saturday morning while Princess Diana's funeral was being broadcast on every channel.
As a matter of fact 9/11 did not interfere with Cartoon Network programming that day. It was my senior year and I had half day due to exams. I didn't even know it happened until like 10am-ish. Not to say dbz was on cartoon network that morning, or he was in the same area..My mom called me to tell me about it. I thought she was watching a movie at work or something. She said "it's all over tv!". I responded with "obviously not, because I am watching cartoons." Then I changed the channel.
How do you think we feel about the royal wedding
Yeah lets blame the Americans for dying and not the attackers right guys?
I remember 9/11 like it was yesterday. I was in fourth grade. 9/11 happened during the time the Cell saga was being aired on Cartoon Network. He fired his laser that afternoon.
In South Africa it was Pokemon, i was pissed
Same thing for me , except I missed Pokemon :(
They stopped Arthur on my end so disappointed that morning
I'm not gonna lie, when I got home from school that day (was sophomore in HS at the time) I was sick and fucking tired of watching the news about it, since that's all we had done all fucking day. I asked my parents if I could watch DBZ and they screamed bloody murder at me.."They'll be talking about the same shit tomorrow, let me watch something for 30 goddamn minutes."
I was about 11 at that time and I waited 2 hours for dragon ball z to come on before giving up and going outside where people yelled world war 3 just started this was in Germany 
Exactly the same thing happened here in Brazil. Fuckin' terrorists messing with my DBZ.
I think it was Sept 12th or so they were supposed to air the DBZ episode during the Great Saiyaman Saga where the plane hits the building...yeah, that episode totally got canceled and replaced with a repeat 
I'm no sociopat, but at the time(kid) I didn't understand why suddently the death of some foreighers was such a big deal. I mean, 2.6 million children die of starvation(world) every year and that doesnt goes to the news. why some plane in some buildings should interrupt my favorite TV show?
I remembering raging at the time, but I was just a kid.
Man, when the queen mother died I was like, fuck this shit, where's my cbbc?
I have the same story with "Les Minikeums" in France. Fuck you America.
Fucking retard.
Yeah, I remember Alas Smith & Jones reruns being pre-emptied. That was such a tragedy to my younger self.
There's some young motherfucking Australians all up in here right now. That and shit comments, of course.
It happened the night before. .I think I was watching Rove Live or some shit and they just suddenly flipped over to the news. Surprisingly it turned out far more entertaining.. .But it was really annoying that literally every station was transformed into a news channel for the next week. Even foxtel (which have fucking dedicated news channels)
That might be bad..but waking up only to see golf instead of Cheez TV was ..
Cancer me post gave ausfag you
Ha
Ha
Kind of amazing...
You mean where theres a fire?
You are correct. I just remember seeing a clip of a plane then a clip of the fire in the building at the end of the episode over a decade ago and assumed :/.Episode in question for others: 
God I love DBZ. I remember the exact day I got Cartoon Network. October 1st, 2000
He's talking about Cheez TV bro.
If they stopped Arthur, then maybe you should have done something else, like maybe having fun with your library card.  
Same when Princess Di died, I was trying to watch the Simpsons.  Stupid Brits.
wouldn't it be evening maybe even night in Australia, by the time the planes crashed?
It was late at night, about 10pm I think. My house was shaped so that I could see out my bedroom window, and in again through the living room window to the TV. I remember peeking through to see my parents watching it that night. I just thought it was 24 or some shit. The coverage continued well into the morning though, and that was probably when the majority of people first saw it, as they turned on the morning news during breakfast.
If op said >September 12 it would have been more believable. But I'm sure this is all just circle jerking to begin with so it doesn't really matter.
I'm Australian. We still call it 'September 11'. OP was referring to the event, even though yes, he would've found out about it on the morning of the 12th.
do most of the people on /b/ actually think this "is kil ..no" stuff is funny? jesus christ.
Patience is kill. .no
Can't say I blame 'im.
Joke is kill
no
"Stuff is funny? Jesus Christ.
/b/ alphaasfuck.-forget extra ".-pocket full of empty spagetti.-Crab Cock 2013

actually it happened on 12/9 for Ausfags.
And the rest of the world that's using proper date formatting.
"Proper"
I guess you meant "reporP".
except 9am in NY is what? the middle of the night in australia?
I remember it pretty well, I woke up and dad was on the couch watching the news, and told me to sit down so he could explain what was happening and basically fear monger. So yeah, whenever it happened, the majority of Australia was asleep and found out hours after when we woke up
Yeah but the TV coverage was still going when we got up the next morning. And for several days after.
Happened about 11pm from memory. I remember seeing the two towers burning on one channel, thinking "That's a bit shit," and going to bed. Had no idea how big the shitstorm was about to become.
Yeah it was @ night, I remember playing CS at the time when some bloke on the other team said "hey a plane crashed into the WTC you need to see this".sv_alltalk 1.Discuss wtf just happened with server for the next few hours.
He was JUST about to turn super-saiyan too.
Free-to-air TV was all WTC stuff for like 2 or 3 days straight. No cartoons for a young, disappointed me.
Oh, the following days yeah. Thought it meant it was morning there when it happened. 
But wouldn't it have been the 12th in .au by then? 
You are correct!
was australia a country back then?
Actually, 2001 was the year we celebrated our 100 year anniversary.
We were more a loose affiliation of warring city-states at the time, before the great Beer Wizard united us all under the one flag in 2006. Never forget.
nope the English dubbed episode that aired on 9/11/2001 was the 2nd episode following the Android and Cell Saga. The tournament in the other world begins.
Yeah, seriously. Anyone who followed DBZ as a kid knew that Toonami aired the very first true SSJ episode sometime in 1998 or 1999. I remember this specifically because I was cheering loudly at my TV and taking pictures of the event with my brand new Game Boy Camera.
Man, Dragon Ball Z's filler was so good. Besides Garlic Jr., all of the non-canon episodes were really good, especially the episode where Goku gets his driver's license. 
Unless you're a kid, and you just want them to stop wasting time and start the next epic fight.
no that driver license episode was pretty fucking cool

I turn phone upside down to read. Phone stay right side up.
tfw
I got let out from school, i love america ever since.
I lived in PA. My dad worked in downtown NY, commuted in every day.  He was fine, but as a result of it, despite my views on war, I have been all for any military action against fanatical religion.  Seeing my mom so upset and scared while she was waiting to get a call from my dad that day was memorable, and I didn't even understand what had happened at the time.  I had come home from school ready to celebrate my birthday.
I was home schooled. Still had to do my studies.
Because all terrorist groups are religious fundies. 
I lived across the river and didnt get out of school. My cousins in Canada got let out though. Made no sense.
Those of us who lived nearby had enough to worry about that day.  Sending kids home early, when they were already safe and supervised in schools makes no sense.  A lot of people came to pick up their kids anyway, but since the phone service was busted they couldn't call any parents to let them know about the half day, so they had to keep kids in until regular dismissal time.  
You uppity NY fags I swear, mate.
Yerrr im from Jersey buddy
was australia a country back then?  ( ^_^) .Let me fix that for you (automated comment unflipper) 
Holy crap, it's a bot war.
The future of reddit will be bots fighting in the comments.
It's true, they cancelled Cheez TV. It was not a happy time.
Those were the days digimon pokemon dbz street sharks ninja turtles, I feel sorry for kids nowadays with their shitty cartoons.     Still everything in the house has internet.
I have the exact sentiment, but over the crap cartoons you mentioned. .I had GI Joe, Transformers, Thundercats, zodiac knights, and dungeons and motherfucking dragons. 
wtf is wrong with you and your shitty cartoons..try voltron (the cat one not the car one), he-man, m.a.s.k, go-bots, samurai pizza cats & duck tales
Those cartoons were considered shit by the older generation then. Kids today will see their generation cartoon as "golden" in the future.
digimon always sucked
Shitty cartoons?  There are plenty of quality cartoons for kids on these same channels.  
Well aren't you a little circlejerking faggot.
ONLY 90s KIDS WILL GET THIS XD XD
I loved street sharks too but that doesn't mean it wasn't a piece of shit.
I loved Street Sharks as a little kid but I have no desire to re-watch it. I've watched old Yu-Gi-Oh and Pokemon episodes and I don't need any other memories ruined.
SSSsshhhh, Don't make them limp during their nostalgia circlejerk.
Last air bender
Last Airbender>all
Adventure time!
Gravity Falls!
Zoids
[deleted]
Dude you must have never put a Zoid together cuz your crap nuff said 
Regular Show?
Johnny Test! /s
all shitty ALLLL SHITTY
For what it is, Teen Titans Go is pretty good. It's one of the few things on Cartoon Network that is watchable. 
I think you meant 'Teen Titans was pretty good'.
Fosters home was good.
'Teen Titans Go' and 'good' shouldn't be in the same sentence.  Fucking ever.
You just put them in the same sentence.
fucking so average that show
This one morning I woke up early - Saturday, time for cartoons.  Go upstairs, my mom is having the carpets cleaned, the TV is downstairs.  Go downstairs, turn on Bugs Bunny.  The TV is showing the president giving a long speech, at the end of which he resigns.  News people keep talking afterwards.  No Bugs Bunny that day, a whole Saturday wasted, a week until Bugs Bunny.  I've hated Nixon ever since.
lol 2013 summerfag
1973 Summerfag actually, and this actually happened.  Fucking Nixon.
That's nothing. I remember waking up with the roosters and igniting the picture radio to watch a Bosko cartoon, but then the talking mansaid the president had been shot. I've hated John Wilkes Booth ever since. 
That's nothing. I remember when I would visit my dad (my parents divorced), he would often work a lot during the week, and he left me with my grandmother most days. There was only one tv, and she would watch nothing but the OJ Simpson trial. Day in and day out for weeks, or something to that effect. It was blistering hot outside in the middle of summer, so I couldn't really go out and do anything, and she was an old lady, so she didn't have any fun games to play..It was awful.
Woke up early to play with rock. Dad take rock to kill tiger. Tiger kill father. Rock is break. I hate tiger ever since.
Huh, I remember having similar feelings when Clinton's bj interfered with my Godzilla cartoons.
the OJ trial was worse.
No you dont
Don't tell me how I feel you god damned communist
You feel sleepy. Just listen to my voice.
FUCK YOU NIGGER
be careful, you might cut someone with that edge
I cut ur mum w/ my dik last night m8
I thought he wrote "YOU FEEL NIGGER," which led me to think "wow, people are getting much lazier when it comes to popping that slur out nowadays."
I liked the story about anon asking his crying parents which Die Hard movie they were watching.
My favorite.
It was right before my 12th birthday! MY FUCKING BIRTHDAY PARTY GOT CANCELED
And I was like in my 20s and smoking weed all day while watching TV. Is it old in here, or is it just me?
I was 21, walking back to my dorm from eating a stack of waffles at the cafeteria..Some Mexicans (construction workers, duh) had the radio going and it was interrupted by announcements that all flights had been grounded and I laughed to myself "huh huh are we at war or something?".Then some bitch from my floor ran out the entry and was babbling to me about how someone blew up the WTC and the Pentagon and the White House..After I slapped her in the mouth for making eye contact and speaking without being addressed through her absent chaperone, I made her fellate me and I went upstairs to check the news..I concluded that I shouldnt judge all Muslims for this act of terrorism, but I was just a faggot college student and didn't know any better at the time.
[deleted]
Thanks for contributing to the conversation. I'm sure everyone is interested in your amusement. Cunt. 
what was this? I want to know!
How ironic.
"holy shit I'm actually laughing"
lololol I am actually laughing at this purposely funny thing!
Link please.

Mother fucking Cheez TV.
Agro was better.
Shit, having been in an Australian boarding school when this happened I totally remember missing DBZ. 
the techno music and voice just played in my head as I read the name...  shit that was buried deep

I agree, Team Agro..Disappointed that Ben Afflek's Agro movie did not feature Agro at all.
Didn't even have Ann-Maree.
EVERY FUCKING AUSTRALIAN KID! I had no idea it had the biggest fucking following ever!
Did you think only every kid at . school was watching it?
Only thing worse than 9/11 was thredbo, fuck that shit stole at least a week of TV from me. 
Really hope you're joking.
Holy crap, the memories. Growing up in Brisbane (In Canada now), I always though the mascot was Tony the Tiger. Nope. Just an awesome tiger. .I remember waking up at 6am on Saturdays to watch Robot Wars on Cheez TV.
Die painfully okay? Prefearbly by getting crushed to death in a garbage compactor, by getting your face cut to ribbons with a pocketknife, your head cracked open with a baseball bat, your stomach sliced open and your entrails spilled out, and your eyeballs ripped out of their sockets. Fucking bitch I would love to kick you hard in the face, breaking it. Then I'd cut your stomach open with a chainsaw, exposing your intestines. Then I'd cut your windpipe in two with a boxcutter. Hopefully you'll get what's coming to you. Fucking bitch I really hope that you get curb-stomped. It'd be hilarious to see you begging for help, and then someone stomps on the back of your head, leaving you to die in horrible, agonizing pain. Faggot Shut the fuck up faggot, before you get your face bashed in and cut to ribbons, and your throat slit.
Cool
This mad? Confirmed for autism, best case scenario.
I'm a doctor and I just confirmed to be retarded. Best case, you might be a potato.
Well that seems a bit rash but alright.
That's just a copypasta.
ctrl v
Let me guess, American? No kid in Australia cared about your shitty buildings falling over that day. We all wanted to watch DBZ, so fuck you and die!
:(

oh fuck off with the edgy crap. The internet called, they said that jokes fucking old.
Uhuh
haha it's funny because you responded to an old joke with an older one
[deleted]
Gorilla warfare
FTFY
What is going on
I have no idea, I am just fixing his pasta.
I have a belly button 
Never forget.
WTF is this Toasted TV gay shit.
my initials IRL are OP and I approve of this message

Data is a robot. He could, ., have squirted the milk.
Good ol' pEEti
That screen is from TNG S3 Ep13: Deja Q


At least Data salvaged this one...
Fucking Data...
Or is it lore? I can't remember data laughing like that on the bridge.
Do you faggots even go on 4chan? Or are just neck beard faggots who think 4chan is full of green text LOLS serious don't come on 4chan  it's having extreme faggotry overloads and doesn't need to be a leddit 
your gay the faggot comment tf2 is for casuals I bet the way insane mother. 
What the fuck are you on. 
Some guys dick
fukin thot so
Nice fucking caption.

There is no anon on leddit
why the fuck would enlarge the picture for no goddamn reason?
Are you dense?
No, but you must obviously be.
Lel
Because its OPs own post, thus proving that he too is also a faggot
That's only a little bit redundant.
Only slightly a little bit
My guess is he's accentuating his own post. He wants people to go "Wow, what a wonderful reaction picture to this great post"
Thanks for the enlarged picture OP, couldn't tell what it was
Fucking hivemind
This was hilarious and totally not expected 
Eat a dick
Lel DAE notice they all said the same thing
I've always wondered if the think-you-like-it-for-long-enough-and-you'll-actually-like-it thing actually works at all..
You can think it, then your goals will slowly adapt to that idea. You can reach a breaking point and find you don't really like it. 
Can someone explain to me how anon did this? Like how'd he find his house and such?
Images were taken via mobile phone that stored gps coordinates in exif (see other comments), and when you have coordinates and google maps ...
Thanks mate
Wait, I might be retarded, but how is his location revealed.
I remember when the Mache Alles guy posted a pic with his location, but turned out no one gave a shit.
Exif of originally posted images contained gps coordinates.
Wow, now I'm gonna look stupid, but, 'exif'?

nope.jpg, OP is obviously her looking for compliments
Obv male holding the timestamp, be obserative m8.
u wot m8
I dunno lol
can anyone explain how?

thank you
this is cool but I dont see where it gives me GPS information
IE: Most common smartphones. Take a pic with one and see what you get.
I don't think Android phones do this. None of my Android devices stores location exif data.
Mine definitely does. Droid X2.
I turned it off
Most modern Android phones do. 
For the science: . .Edit: formatting
why do people ask /b/ for anything.
Hello, butthole
Definitely just opened that sitting next to my mom
Any idea what else happened in the thread? My guess is like usual nothing but just in case I thought I'd ask. 
Her vagina looks like it has a tongue
If you're ignorant enough to open any picture links posted in this sub, next to your mom, then you deserved it. Something tells me though that you were just telling us . happened... and somehow don't care about looking at nudes with your mom... I'm too normal for shit like this... :|
Naw man. Just wasnt expecting that. Thanks for the ignorant comment though. Might just go kill myself. You are a peach. 
You really are fucking stupid. Please do so.
Are you really that much of an autistic neckbeard? 
Not autistic, I don't have a beard. You're fucking stupid, we could do without you polluting the gene pool.
Doesnt even know what a neckbeard is... you dont even go on 4chan. Wtf. And now youre insulting a random user on reddit? Wow. Thats... thats pitiful. 
^ Top lel
I know what a neckbeard is you fucking moron, and how did you come to the conclusion I don't use 4chan? Now I really want you out of the gene pool.
You stick with the same insult. Its extremely unoriginal. I'm not sure why you're so angry. I'm not sure how anyone can get this butthurt. I'm kind of glad that you don't go on 4chan Because even though you would be malignant, you'd be a giant ass annoying as fuck tumor. Also, glad you took the time out to Google neck beard you dumb fuck.
Imgur deletes exif data :(
Nope, you can download the original
Darn?
I guess? I'm just bored and should hop off reddit
yeah
science indeed, i think i can see her kidneys
No, see that's a vagina.
Damn, I've been fucking the wrong thing...
Those poor kidneys.

For nudes on /b/ I'm actually pleasantly surprised by how hot she is. 
This got me thinking: it would be fiendishly simple to do this on purpose, as revenge.  Post your enemy's picture with EXIF data intact, be a dick so everyone gets mad, and wait for the punishment.  
Does Facebook store exif data?
I've thought about shit like this before in the past.  How hard would it be to say that your girlfriend broke up with you and now you hate her so you want 4chan to spam her and shit, but in reality you just hate the exboyfriend and are impersonating him in hopes of an "not your personal army" backlash.
Every piece of data that leaves your computer is stored by someone, somewhere, and especially by a company whose revenues depend on ads.  You can bet that your EXIF location data is worth cash money to Facebook.  They can use it to target ads based on your favorite hangout spots.  It sounds quite conspiratory but in fact it's just basic capitalism..Facebook strips EXIF data before showing an image publicly.  That means a computer program necessarily exists which parses the EXIF data before it gets stripped.  It's literally one extra line of code to store that stripped EXIF data somewhere else internally in Facebook, rather than deleting it.
4Chan strips exif data.
Since when?
what EXIF? 
imgur does, 4chan does not. Unless it changed recently.
I am pretty sure that images posted on 4chan contained coordinates (Lexington if I remember correctly).
happens all the time.
Or wait, I think I misunderstood the question...I know they strip the data so other users can't access it, but I have no idea if they keep that information.. My guess: Probably
I'm sure they do, then they sell it to the government. How else do you think Mark Zuckerberg got so rich off a website with few ads and no fees.
Notability. TV ads. Usage agreements for every site that has a plug in for FB. Etc. 
Gotta have it when the NSA comes a knockin
Or distribute some porn with fake gps coordinates and then just wait ...
For extra insurance, do it from their unsecured wi-fi network.  
I was a little off.
Was that confirmed as a personal army revenge troll, or are you just assuming?
Oh fuck I remember this post... probably the best thing I've ever seen on here... totally satisfied
Wait, so OP was just acting as his douchey adulterer friend? That's genius.
I have no idea what was . going on here.. It had been a while since I saw the post and linked it anyways.
How accurate are those coordinates? It could easily be the house next door. 
Might as well send the whole street pizza 
NYPA, unless if you don't ask
Holy fuck i really want to know what happened to OP.
No clue.. Here's one of the 
oh /b/
I bet that's your post you doorfuck.
It is, but it's also yours. We're all anon-e-moose, we never forgive, we never forget. 
I hope you get Parkinson's.
Sent ;)
It's not, it would say you instead of OP. 
I think summer doesn't know what CP is otherwise dude wat
wtf is going on here?
I'm sure we'd understand better if we could see what the gif was 
Ye its older than the internet
Yeah I knew what the gif was and I still don't understand....Is that sarcastic?  Or is it just such a fucking lame ass comment with that stupid fucking sad face that it's meant to russle me?  
Can be understood as a rating for a hotchic just as OP asked for but anon meant it as ''this chick looks like a solid 7/10 year old but don't post anyone below that age, that would make it CP''
I think it's summer...
Yeah I get that, it doesn't seem like anon intended that though.  It just seems like he's actually a moralfag saying "please don't post any shots of her body (below that) because that would be cp". 
7 - 10 is still CP.
Csb
Clearly OP is missing a step or two here.
This post couldn't get any more leddit.



wtf dude?
is that picture of tony kornheiser? 
Lurk moar
Motherfucking pancakes man.  With a little vanilla and cinnamon in the batter, worth it every time.
60% of the time, it works every time.
Why the fuck did I click those links? Nasty fuck, why you even got those pictures?
I never knew grills could wear shirts.
It's official people, pancakes are now better than sex.
Well, at least something got to finish on that day.
Anon does have priorities. Should have let Grill's house burn down and see if half a minute of fun is worth it.


that fuckin sucks wey. lol.
She was trying to kill him by keeping him away from the burning food and possibly causing a fire. I say anon should probably throw out his grill.
Sure hope OP isn't being facetious. That would make him some kind of pancake wasting faggot..Also, what kind of idiot tries to get busy when the stove is on? Someone should teach this imaginary girl about fire safety.
The fuck kinda dumb bitch tries to start boning while there's a griddle or oven or whatever going in the kitchen? Should've let her house burn to teach her an important lesson.
Probably my girlfriend but she's literally that horny. OP commanded the situation. Now if he was smart, he would've taken that "WHY" and turned it around instead of standing there like an autist with freshly made spaghetti (assuming that's what he did).
Someone needs to get rid of the replies. I hate being told what to feel about posts.
God that thread will never get old.
Just crop it out, dude.
Sometimes there's no turning back.  Once I came home from the snow and my gf was waiting in just lingerie and pulled my arms around her.  I resisted because my palms were freezing and she would die or get pneumonia or both.  Then she was upset for 2 days because I didn't want to touch her when she was being sexy.
Nigga you gay. 
Who the fuck eats pancakes while studying?
Pancakes can be eaten at all times.
You never went to Denny's to cram before a final? Idiot.
I don't have a Denny's within 90 miles of me, and I'm not exactly going out of my way to eat at one.
Having just read about rawcaking, 'cram' took on a very different meaning when I read your post...
I'm more concerned about the HOW THE FUCK DOES A GRILL OWN A HOUSE?
It's all because of the backwards-ass Emancipation Procgrillmation.  This used to be a proud nation where the upstanding and honest houses and their furniture families could live peacefully while volunteering their property and resources to bring the subservient grills to the first world and away from their barbarian charcoal huts.  Ever since that damned bill passed, grills have been running rampant, burning white meat and dark meat wherever they go.  And now it's gotten to the point where the proud egg-shell colored houses have been reduced to giving their precious income to rent property from greedy grills.  It's sickening..Also, /fit/ refers to girls as grills.
Do you know why they do that?
Well, I guess it's because they have no sense or grasp of anything beyond their respective views. So, they're not driven to consider the thoughts and needs of grills beyond their immediate range. They can't work together or share common goals. It's really sad, the state of the modern grill.
Was wondering how calling girls grills came to be.
Pretty sure that it was a common typo that people found funny enough to start using intentionally. (Like the origin of "pwned", if I'm not wrong.)
Well, I think I should have had figured that one myself..Thanks for explaining.
I take it you've never rawcaked a girl before.  (Pancake instead of condom)
Can confirm rawcaking, generally follows buttchugging.
I'm okay with admitting that I haven't.
That's OK, it takes a big man to admit when he hasn't rawcaked.
Amateur
What a fucking casual.
See you at the next Rawcaking conference gang. I'll bring the Maple Syrup.
I'll have to add that to my fapping spreadsheet...
Can we use non-canadian this time? My dick is allergic to their stuff.
Non-Canadian? You fucking peasant how dare you even acknowledge any other kind?
Fucking pleb.
plebs, I swear. 
Maine maple syrup is close enough =P
So he kept the house from burning down instead of getting busy. Burning food can be a serious hazard. That guys a keeper.
OP may have dodged a bullet. A dumb bullet with boobs.
she was a band geek trying to be sexy. should have let her burn
My favorite kind of bullet.
Sounds like he pushed that bullet away. Op = Neo.
who would even
The smell of burnt pancakes is a huge boner killer.
The problem is .. That's right I said I .. As a proud, white American I have the . to ..

Your edges are so sharp. 
Probably /fit.Probably on bulk
Mmm proteincakes
yes
]
Wut?
wut... wut... wut... 
Sounds like something Deadpool would do.
[deleted]
Wot
wut
wut
wut
wut
uwt
wat
Haven't seen this many downvoted comments in a long time.
wen
Wut 
All of my...Wut
wut
wut
Disco ball.
Excuse me but it's actually spelled "what"
wut
hwut
Wut
wat
Wut
wut
wut
wut
wut
wut
Wut
wut
wut
wut
Wut
wut
wut.wut.wut.wut
Bada badada badada bada
was
"WAS", AS IN GERMAN FOR "WHAT."
wut
wut
If I had a tumor, I'd name it Marla.
[deleted]

wut
wut
wut
wut
Wut
wat
wut
Wut
Wut
wut
Wut
wut
Huh

wut
Wut
wut
wut
Wut 
wut
wut
Wut
wut
wut
Wut
tuw
Wut
wut
wut
This will probably get lost in here but 
Wut?
Found you!
wut
wut
wut
wut
wut
wut
wut
pardon
wut
wut
Wut.
wut
wut
wut
Que?
wut
wut 
wut
wut
wut
wut
wut
wut
wut
wut
u wot m8
wut
top wut.Also mods pls change title to 
Wut
wut
comment graveyard
wut
wut
In the butt

wut
It's summerfag as shit in this thread
what did santa give you for christmas?  are you going to church every sunday?  ready for the easter bunny to give you a happy easter?
There's no such thing as summerfags. Everyone is a fag, all the time.
good boy
Wut
wut
wut
[deleted]
wut
wot
Errybody in the sub downvote me for not saying wut. Like, get hundreds on this shit, incongruous with normal subreddit activity.
Atta fuckin' boy.
Do you see any fucking karma scores hear idiot?
do you hear?
I'm on mobile and yes, I do.
What's tha score, homie?
wuts tha score, homie?
1 point. On every post in here.
That's probably a placeholder put in by your mobile reddit browser and not accurate to the actual score.
That probably isn't. I've seen 5 minute old posts at -10. Just to make you happy I'll downvote you to put you at zero..Edit: someone upvoted you to counteract my downvote, so I just upvoted too to put you at 3 points. Grats.
Oh. What is my original post at?
Downvote yourself. You'll be at zero. I tried to set you at zero or +3 but someone just came behind and reset it back to 1 every time.
Shieet homie.
No, but if my comment gets hidden bro, I'll know. I'll just know.
Hey, guess wut.
wut?
wut
Ah, wut
wut
c-c-c-c-c-c-wut
Comment of the thread. 
Faggot of the thread.
Hater of the thread.
These comments are stupid as shit. When I scrolled down and saw how many of you sheeple fucks were just echoing the exact same thing, I was like.wut
wut
wut
wut
wut
wut

Hey Macklemore, can we go thrift shopping?


(Sax riff)
Walking into the club like.What up I got a big cack

I'm gonna pop some tags.
No.
Suck one.
  There are so many choices...


He forgot about deleting the fonts folder in system32 and delete the File allocation tables, followed by a forced restart. It would first, however, send itself across P2P, IRC, any e-mail (send attachment as non-.exe so gmail would allow send). It would send a webpage with a custom iframe for a drive-by download. After restarting, it should unleash its payload of changing startup.bat so that it would play only play a flash animation of Kevin Spacey fucking Bill Murray as a dinosaur makes out with Heath Ledger dressed as Catwoman. That is, assuming we don't destroy the .swf extension..Any other suggestions?
set the default font for all text in windows, buttons, and toolbars as comic sans, then delete all the other fonts,  would be better virus
Flaw in plan, incognito email, and also who the fuck emails anymore?
Post pictures of naked girls on Facebook to make everyone think OP may not me a complete faggot.
terrible story.terrible submission.terrible board
Browsing with IE10 right now and it's running as good as Chrome...clearly OP is a faggot
you can't uninstall I.E. go kill yourself
I want to make a super virus.
Strong enough to cause blackouts in every single metropolis.
'Cuz they don't wanna unify us.
So fuck it total anarchy and can't nobody stop us
Don't forget to have a random screamer that will pop up every week or so.
The whole point of a good virus is that the infected slave doesn't realize until they lose their value as a slave.
This is the worst post I have ever fucking read. 
That's just....horrible 
I wanna devise a virus....To bring dire straits to your environment and force you to browse with custom cursors and toolbars.
why make a virus that wouldn't do much for most of the computers in the world?
I'd be okay with that. I'm not on the whole "IE sucks" boats. It's fairly decent nowadays, I'd use it over safari for sure. Everything's more expensive online when you use safari. 
....So anon creates a virus only attacks men between the ages of 4 and 39? 
Maybe you should try >>>/outside/
Every windows  computer sorta has a virus then.. go uninstill IE and see what happenns :)
100 bucks that OP or another redditor made that post. IE explorer is a reddit thing.
"IE explorer"
Annnnnnnnddddd.Reformat.
So any government computer or work place computer where if you use any other browser you get computer access blocked........
They have that, it's called Windows.
you monster
wipe drive, no more virus
I would make it keylog the user. Dafuq do you think I'd make it do?
Ha! Jokes on him, I don't have any friends!
Oh sorry, you're a poorfag or under aged 
Shut up. Redmond is watching.
Internet Explorer Explorer 
You chose Internet Explorer instead of Netscape? 
Is Netscape srsly worse than IE?
AOL 
Lol, I can tell that you're younger than Netscape is. Download it and try it out. 
I remember using Netscape once at a friends house in like 2003-2005 and i dont remember it being that bad
You remember correctly. Netscape 6 and later versions were just Firefox with a different logo and some extra shit nobody cared about. It even used Firefox's plugins. 
              
I used to be so fucking scared of that devil crab thingy from Power Puff Girls when I was little. Fuck.
his name is him
Not him but Him. You gotta add in that little religious pretense. The girls were fighting the embodiment of the Antichrist.
Or, you know, capitalize it because it's a proper noun.

Instead of that, just get a pair of bolt cutters and climb a telephone pole.
This kills the troll.
Isn't that the point?
Can't you run chrome off of a flash drive? How would that work with this virus
IE is not as bad as everyone thinks
The newest versions are pretty good. I use IE 10 at work and it's fine. Clean, simple and usable.
It's the only thing that doesn't crap my shit computer out.
OP is clearly 11.
"Unblockable" .Still easy to get rid of.
Waits for 04:00, then shuts off the CPU fan..Processors all over the world would be fried.
Actually, any decent CPU will thermal shutdown safely. Worst case scenario is you'll shave a year off of the lifespan of peoples processors.
Only way to do it would be to OC the CPU up with a stupid amount of Voltage most people wouldn't know how to take the CMOS out or move a jumper 
I don't even know that the fuck any of those things are 
Most CPUs don't support overclocking. However, many motherboards support changing the BLCK... 
I'd post their browsing history to Facebook.
You are an evil genius 

Lol
And that's why I can't code.
Even worse.
The virus would have to make it one of the older versions of IE. One that would fuck up how most websites would look.
As a web developer, I'd make it so it always used the latest and force MS to finally adhere to standards. Maybe...
Not only that, but newer IE is half decent. 
That would be Internet Explorer 6 for you. This shit is plain horrible.
Not to mention it automatically installs every toolbar available and changes the cursor every 5 minutes
That's pure evil.
AND the virus would have to change the resolution of the monitor to the smallest one possible. Internet hell never looked so bad.
You people are awful.
Sometimes great evil must be done for the good of all.
The obvious choice for a computer virus is to gain access to the printer and use that to print out thousands and thousands of pictures of Fidel Castro.
I think you meant to say Nicholas Cage.
why not both?
Nicolas Castro
Kevin Spacey*

Nic Cage
Niggers*
toplel.i bet uu thawt o tat un urselph lel
[deleted]
ur gad dem rite
christ are you even trying
I would make a virus for Apple computers only that made clippy appear in the corner of the screen and asks if you would like help with literally everything you try to do.
so facepage, wordmac and twater?
what doesn't "everything" cover?
nothing?
Deep as balls, man.
And It would install IE for Mac (which used to be a thing)
The virus also replaces OSX with Windows 95
Vista be even more cruel
Windows ME
DOS
Too far.
DAE INTERNET EXPLORER SUCKS?
DOOD! I DO!

The new IE is actually pretty good but don't tell anyone that because they won't believe you.
Unless it looks, feels and behaves exactly like Firefox I have no reason to switch. And if it does, I have no reason to switch.
Wow I think ie us the worst browser but that is still a restarted thing to say. No matter the feature set of this item better or worse I refuse to use it because its not what I have right now. 
Don't call me restarted. Firefox has everything I could wish for, what incentive would I have to switch?
First I didn't call you restarted I called that line of thinking restarted, but I guess you actually are now. But more importantly Firefox may the best for you now but refusing to accept something new because its not Firefox means when something better comes along you'll still be sitting there with the futures ie. 
No, because then it would be able to do things which Firefox can't, and there'd be incentive to switch. You're the restarted one.
This entire debate is restarted.
no youre restarted
Where can I get Adblock and RES for IE?
Those are not part of the browser. Those are side development.
IE comes with its own Adblock. It is just as good as Adblock +.
I know. But you didn't answer the question.
All I am saying is that IE is a good browser. Your question is irrelevant.
Still didn't answer the damn question...
There's a way to do adblock I think they're called TPMs or something, but it's not as effective as the addon and doesn't work with YouTube ads. To the best of my knowledge there is no way to get RES. .The biggest advantage of IE is the touch screen support which is miles ahead of chrome, though I haven't tried Firefox. So in my opinion IE is a great browser for a Surface style laptop/tablet hybrid, it chrome beats it with addon support on the desktop. 
The question is irrelevant. I don't know the answer, and there is no reason to research it.
IE doesn't support addons, unlike every other browser. Therefore it's a shitty browser.
Many people won't use a browser without certain addons. AdBlock is a common one.
No other browser is usable with touchscreen therefore all other browsers suck right? No different browsers have different feature sets. In terms of performance IE is not a slouch like it used to be. 

Because it's not as good as the others faggot
it's called being cool with it, jack
I agree this is shitpost. 
Could somebody please explain to me why people are infatuated to this level with this cartoon?
Watch it. You'll understand.
Fuck off with the f.lux.
At least save them to PNG, goddamn! Shitty brightness + text do not mix.
I bet you half of the bronies are closet pedophiles.
I bet you the other half are straight up pedophiles, no closets involved.
They're pedophiles, closets are /always/ involved. Like hiding in a closet in a little girl/boy 's house and putting the kid in the pedophiles closet. 
That is the best typed out cry I have ever seen in my life. 11/10
Honestly he was doing well until he shat himself
I missed reading half of this because I was laughing so hard, but it doesn't even matter. Well done, OP
Hahahaha oh god. I almost dropped my iPhone laughing at "brutal standoff"
Noice.

Holy fuck I actually laughed out loud at this one.
Shit happens, man
oh fuck it hurts from laughing
I just laughed so hard I drooled all over myself. Never go full retard anon. 
What a shitty story
I lost it at orbital strike.
gambled and I lost did it for me.
No matter how stupid or fake shitting stories are, I end up crying from laughter
Speak American.
What the fuck did you say to me you little bitch?
[deleted]
You didn't post one of the funnier versions. 


I work at camp for kids and young adults with autism. I think you should maybe come check us out, because we have several campers who do this on a regular basis.
Little sister with ASD - oh the art she's made.
Everyone does it all the time? What a fucked school. 
You should see the teachers restrooms.

rip in piece
share a casket bro? my sides are gone
Good.
No it's Beck.
Definitely Batch.
I thought it was Cake.
Glad Erik Satie got a shout out. 
Guys. Shut up! I love bawk... He is the best. Ever.

No it's actually Bick.
I thought it was Bank.
I'm just going to end this game now....No it's Nigger.
This man is my fucking hero
Can there be more?
[deleted]
Someone want to create an album so people can read it on mobile?
post to . 
Anon is the hero we deserve.
This makes me want to work at Mcdiesels 
Man, I could have sat and read these stories all day!
Is there more?
Bullshit. How would a guy leave a bong in a walk in freezer? The water would freeze. 
Or just use it as a giant steamroller 
Who the fuck is gonna read all that.  Fuck that.
Worked overnight at McDonalds for 5 months, still fucking laughed. Absolutely hated that job. 
GIBE TL;DR PLox
This is a great example of how to format something so that mobile readers will just give up
There needs to be more
1-10/10 liquid sides, release them memoirs.2-shut up take my money.3-??????.4-prophet
[deleted]
That's cool, I certainly wouldn't mind some extra nuggets though. 
Who else reads the last line first before reading the longer submissions?
Definitely worth the read. 
Not sure if UK...
This guy has life figured out.
fucking gold
TL;DR: Read that shit. Because it's hilarious if you're into drunk/stoner comedy.
Read it, was worth it.
As a former shift manager at a restaurant, that felt great to read.  I wish OP could read this, because he deserves a medal.
Fill it with vodka. No freeze + crossfade = win
Thank you

Save the picture and open it in your gallery app. It's just a bug with the browser. 
Bet he left the keys to the roof in the roof. 
That's what I was thinking haha
At first, I was like TL;DR, but changed my mind. Totally worth it
Me too then saw 10/10s in comments. Was worth it
Former McFuckstick employee here.
Thefeelsaregood
Completely agree with you, this dude is a mcGod
I find it funny how OP's boss never checks in and notices how blazed the managers and workers are. Not saying it isn't likely, but someone obviously gives less of a shit than OP.
I worked at McDolans for like 3 months once and I only ever saw the . boss (franchise owner) once in that entire time.  The general manager and assistant manager were rarely ever in the kitchen, and anybody below them gave no cares, shits, or fucks.  Most mornings I worked kitchen with this cool goth chick and we'd spend all morning shift playing hacky sack in the kitchen and nobody ever said anything since work still got done.
Wow, it's like they don't even have a stake in the business. When I invest a few thousand I am watching the company like a hawk on blogs and business websites. No way could I run a McDicks without firing everyone.
As a current McDonald's employee, I can assure you people show up drunk/hungover/high pretty much every day, and people will hotbox their cars on break. It's not like the job requires much skill
How much of a shit can you possibly give about a goddamn McDonalds job, regardless of position? The franchise owner is the only one with any real stock in the place.
Well actually people who own McDonalds would probably care quite a lot, you have to go have extensive training before they will even rent you the rights to franchise.
Did I not just fucking say that?
Not sure. But I'm sure the franchise owner would care about it.
Let me guess you're high as fuck, checking in on your break from the drive thru?
I don't know about him, but the guy who owns the franchise seems like he'd have a vested interest in this. 
Do you think that the franchise owner would be interested to know what is going on in his store?
Anon should write a book, I'd read it.
There are some really hilarious stories from anon. If the archives weren't so painful to browse I'd read that stuff all day.
Confessions of a McDonald's manager. .10/10 Best seller. 
"Top lel.".-
"/thread"
    -
"op actually wasn't a fag".-Rolling Stone
" 420 blaze it faggot"
- Highlights for kids
10/10 Blame it on the overnight manager. Lol. 
Disapointed to be honest
Not too impressed, then lost my shit at final panel.
that look of the middle boy looking at his twin sister like... GIRRRL. Best one of the lot.
Why didn't they give Rick Astley here Rick Astley as a date?
Can someone link me to the pic of the rooster? 
I'd take the little girl and count myself lucky.
The date (fruit) made me bust out laughing 
The gingers suit is bothering me 
[deleted]
No Trayvon? I'm ashamed of /b/ now. 
/b/ loves to get personal armie'd these days.
shiggydiggy
I laughed WAY to hard at the first one.
Number 20 is actually pretty good.
Not every day someone actually does a request-shop well.
Never trust /b/
Whos the chick in 14 that's what I want to know

What is this? Freshman prom? 
I recognize some of them. I believe they're in year 10 or 13 (one of the two, they're going to a prom)..EDIT: They're all born in 1994. Going to their school prom..All the boys have the same hair cause all the guys at that school look identical. Same with all the blondes. They have to "fit in".
Tits are way too small to be freshman girls... But why all the boys have the same exact hair (almost) is beyond me. 
wtf
Those two girls are wearing the exact same dress...
No shit, Robert . Jr.
C'mon, the waifu pillow was pretty good.
And the Fiona one
Ann Frank did it for me.
im wondering how baby face off to the right got a date
Also how shortfag got a tall chick.
His date looks a bit Bugsy Malone too, in fairness
He has the face of a fucking 7 year old. Its unreal.
he doesn't look bad and he's definitely better looking than the middle one.ginger genetics i guess
Yeah he is better looking and taller than his friends, he just needs to stop being a pussy. 
Also doesn't look like a 9 year old like the one on the right.
How come midgetboy and the wiener on the right found dates but the 6 foot tall ging couldn't find one?.It looks like he is more confused than lonely. Maybe his date went to take a dump
Or his date is the one taking the picture.
You said it. Because he's a ginger.
You are not funny. 
Good thing I'm not here to make you laugh dickhead.
[deleted]
You say lol a lot for a 'mature grown up'
lol
Hold on, I think I can wire this Geiger Counter to detect faggots.... Ok done. The reading says Ato0theJ is a massive dick sucking Fag. No surprise.
What, so once is considered a lot now?
Because it doesn't take 20 to look at someone's comment history.
Ahhh.. fair enough. I take back what I said. I thought you were referring to just this conversation
Is once not too many?
Yes actually grown ups dont say lol to end a sentance
Not a lot, but yes it is probably still too many
I just got called gay by a faerie or brand of makeup.
Good shit, mate.
What do you suppose that says?

[deleted]
[deleted]
That's from your comment history. You sound like you're 12, fuck off cancer.
I was supprised by the lack of penis. 
Oh Rawdog_69, I know you miss it but wait and I will give you my cock.
The flash would bounce off the glass of the window and hit the camera so the pic is probably just a flash, if it was indeed a camera.
There is cp of me online, I haven't found it though. I would probably have a mental breakdown if I saw it, but I am kinda curious also.
That's the creepiest pasta ever
I want to know the story behind this.
I was molested as a child and the guy liked to video tape it. He did the whole vhs tape thing and would share with other pedos. one may have put it online.
You have had a worse life than I have and I have no advice to help you deal with your problems. I do feel compassion for your hardship.
No point in dwelling on it, I cant really go back and make it not happen.
Wouldn't ayn rand support child prostitution as it is legitimate capitalism.
Not sure, she was a bit of a cunt so maybe, but then there is that whole does the kid want to do it shit. Long story short, no fucking clue..Me, on the other hand, I don't give a fuck. Shit happens to everyone, I cant save them so no point in thinking about it. I know I wouldn't put a child into prostitution, use a child prostitute, and if it were happening around me and there was a reasonably safe way to stop it I would.
But is job creation, government make imefficient market when stop kiddie porn dungeons incorporated.
ummm... was that some magical spell to give me an aneurysm?
Yhw make marketppaece have regulation no regulati9n, NO REGULAtIOn. Capitalisn. aLibettarianism, make gewat xounttry great.
or lightning
Lightning with no thunder at all? I call bullshit on that.
Just Google 'child porn' and search through heaps of links. You'll find it in no time! 
or a car accidentally flicked highbeam on while attempting to use an indicator. 
Or his bedroom window looks to his backyard.
phantom car. 
Fuckign Ron Weasley driving again. 
Child pr0nographer here, can confirm as actually happened. Picture was taken using my flying phantom car camera that uses it's highbeams as a flash.
Maybe he left that part of the story out. He left out all the parts about him sucking dicks. 
You make a good point.
OP is a deaf faggot
Small relevant story time..And that is how you prevent thieves from breaking in your house.
How did you learn what fapping was at 9 or 10 you would be in 4 th grade like WTF
Please leave
But I'm a Ub3r haxxor 1337
pic or didnt happen
I bet this would have been good if we got to see the end, but no. Fuck you OP.
That was the end faggot
I see two screen caps, both have contd at the end; there for, either you didn't post the end, or you posted a green text with no end. Either way, you are a faggot.
Pull down the screen and read it in the other mode. End is top-faggotry anyways. Didn't miss much. Might as well have ended with Shrek or the fucking dinosaur.
There's 3 you them you retard. 
I only see two.
Well then you're certainly a retard.
mobile?
I'm on mobile and see 3.  Can confirm is not a problem with mobile.
I'm on alien blue, that may be why.
No, its just the non "web" version leaves some out sometimes. No fuckin clue why
That's annoying.
Alien Blue does bug out in the album mode..
Me too
I was 
Interred?
Used to work as Wal-Mart AP your not aloud to chase after 10ft. Not saying it wouldn't happen though.
My dad worked at a Wal-Mart as a higher up manager in the ghetto. He saw a riot once because a man punched his pregnant girlfriend. And he saw a woman slam her daughter's head into a table because the daughter stole something. Wal-Mart, huh?
TL;DR Greg eats dick. 
I bet the guy was white stealing the hot dogs was white.
Was white bet white stealing white dogs hot was I. 
Goddamn alcohol...
Who the fuck pays for white dogs anyways?
I walk around with a pack of hotdogs in my pocket. You never know when you gonna roll in on a BBQ. 
Or just eat them uncooked.
they're already cooked in the packaging.
That's what I meant.
wut
Not recooked.
Worked as uniformed unarmed security at grocery store, bad area. Had a homeless dude try to steal a calendar. Bust him. He tried to stab me with a screwdriver! Over a calendar!
Did you enjoy being called a "loss prevention guy"?
I imagine he needed the calendar for some adventure game inventory puzzle. He was planning on trading the calendar to a thug in exchange for a hoodie so he could sneak into the crip headquarters.
Wtheck does a homeless guy even need a calendar for? That would be really funny if you had gotten stabbed over that. Not funny for you, just everyone else. 
Its harder to steal a pack of TP so why not just take the Calendar not like there hot selling items anyways.
Maybe it was for the pictures.
 he is mentally ill.
Don't grocery stores give out calendars for free? I swear they stack them by the register
News paper or weekly ads would be much better for tp than a calendar. Or you just go to McDonald's with a bag and steal one of their giant rolls from the bathroom. 
"Let's see what I've got planned for this week....Yep, still absolutely nothing"
"Oh wait, didn't I ha..... oh.... no I didn't"
I'm lovin it
"Good PeePee Feels".Fucking lost it 10/10
i loled
lel, 10/10 would shart on command

Hey, alright.
Its six in the fucking morning and i almost died
Mfw?
Oh my... Fart jokes will never be not funny.
Shay, have you been doing that hand thing?
15 ? Yea right.
I heard you were doing the hand thing
A HUT A HUT A HUT A HUT
"it literally smells like the inside of a McDonalds"
What happens when the girl sharts?
You plug up the hole.
You may or may not have to pay extra. Depending on the girl.
Will I have to pay extra for you, .?
I don't shart on people, you thinking of ..
you still doing that hand thing, shaye?
YOU'VE BEEN DOING THIS 24/7
That is one hella creepy video I wish I could unsee 
I hear she passed away...
A HOY, A HOY
KSH KSH KSH KSH KSH
WOW. WHAT IS THAT?
It smells like KFC. 
Lost it
Well did you ever find it?
10/10 my sides lel/10 would read again MFW no picture.jpg.avi.png.mp4
Looks like it too.
Congratulations on your ability to read
I... I think I want that.


I'll have a numbah nine large..
Nigga this is McDonalds not Wendys
That was the point, shitbrains.
Nigga, got to McDonald's and order a large fry, drive to Wendy's and order a 99 frosty, then drive to the local park and eat the delicious combo. Finish your time in heaven by masturbating.
In the park?! Think of the children!
.99? That's less than a cent!
Pretty sure he is.

I think every time you fart, a little bit hits your dick. 
what the fuck man.
they are called "rollers" my roommate who is a girl says it happens quite often.
...awesome
Don't forget about those elusive "bubble farts". You know the one's I'm talking about. You fart and it feels like a bubble rolls out of your butt and then up under your sack. That or it creeps out the back way up between your cheeks.
I KNEW I wasn't alone
A wild kobesquid has appeared...
nice punchline faggot
It's a fookin prawn
or OPs mom
"That's one of those jaypegs, isn't it sweetheart?"

Nah guys its a picture of the head of the alliance of cheeseburgers. 
Its got a Turian mouth/jaw, and i'm pretty sure its a bitmap.
Why is his name "Uncle Doodle?"
Who the fuck upvotes this shit
probably a nickname
I lol'd
"ill get you uncle doodleeeeeeeeeeeeeee........" her vioce trailing off as she glides into the sunset.
Well I lol'd. I must be tired.

Relevant username
I like it, could be good for . 
I wish I had an uncle doodle.  
All I got is uncle touchy
Uncle Diddle.
Uncle Cuddle..
Well i just superglue all the extra skin i buy off mexican doctors that do tummy tucks in their chollo rollers onto me and it works great!
"Hah XD lol"
Fuck you /fit/
I don't get it. 
shit post
Mfw there was no face
Epic fucking win OP
Holy shit that post time.
Maximum shitposting achieved. 
So last week?

Judging by "some white piece of shit" you must be a nigger. Hang yourself from a cross niggerfaggot.
What if he's Asian?
Then he should die of SARS 
Heard the rest of it in a Russian accent.
did anon date amanda todd?
But...I don't know what his face was.

This is not a subreddit for reddit shit!
Jesus christ shut the fuck up
And that's the joke. Way to go, faggot!
Jokes are funny with punchlines.
That's not a reddit joke. It's from here 
it still sucks and you should fuck off

Thanks!
The post wasn't that long, lol.
It's summer bro, gotta tune it down for the mayfly attention spans.
Can any of you fellows help me find my sides?
Yuna already had them.
Pretty sure the third one has already been invented.
This thread is still happening, and it keeps getting better - 
That made my entire life. I think I'm gonna buy some geos
I bet the F.A.D.O.R.A would look great with a trench coat and fingerless gloves
The snail looks great for lazy days. 
And now they're advertising on reddit; the perfect target demographic. 
fingerless handsocks*
Please, neckbeards aren't fashionable enough to wear handshoes.
Just bought a pair of Versace handshoes, they feel great.  I saw a pair of Supreme handshoes on display but they were $400 brand new, and Supreme's definition of brand new is torn up, smelly, and soggy.  The Supreme fanboys are dumb fuckwads.
lel.
i call scriptfag
Could someone explain
Guy quotes a post that hasn't been made yet. Post that was quoted says "stop quoting me".
3spooky5me
2spooky4me indeed
2poop4pants
2poop1cup
Could you please explain what is happening?
K now someone explain how this is possible.
yeah.. it's only from 27 to 29, if he'd done it a year before, that'd be something.
Scriptfaggot.
Because OP sucks dick
Samefag?
he guessed his post number me thinks
ModGET?
Anything is possible if you believe in yourself.
Manually typed in the first quote, and then quoted that post with a 29 get.
Guy quotes a post that hasn't yet been made. Post that was quoted says "Stop quoting me".
4channers are really good! ./thread inside two minutes. Using the Internet to its potential, you guys.
I read that in the lucky charm's guy's voice.
I dont see whats so funny about this.
guarantee you a caucasian guy made this
my sides!
Shitposting central.
Newfags thinking stupid shit like this is funny is killing 4chan.
[deleted]
Enjoy it before its everywhere 
Wise words
Who gives a shit
Its okay, you're allowed to use naughty words here
Huh I did type shit out. Why would anyone censor shit anyway
Oh what the fuck you actually did....
Dammit its the client on my phone, evidently swear words are not acceptable on a windows phone...
Ha ha ha windows phone. 
I got it for free, nigger, so I'm not complaining. 
Oooh getting a free phone. So hard in today's market.
Whatever cunt, at least its not an iPhone.
Not censored here, faggot
That's fucking weird holy shit dick on a cunt stick. Is that all censored


this shit is getting so old. "HAHAHA OH MY SIDES." OR EVEN WORSE "I LOST MY SHIT".
( )
How do you make that face? O.o
Like this --->  O.o
Like this ----> _()_/
Like this ------> ( )
_()_/ welp
This comment thread is half shit and half relevance. Shame the top thread is shit.
Holy shit. You're a 4chan guy on reddit,  in the sub for /4/chan, making fun of redditors on trying to fit into 4chan, using a reference to reddit in the process. You're so meta I can't even
theres also one using trollface, where the last picture is "fags in my mouth lol" or something similar
[deleted]

_. . (   ). ./  . //.  _.//. //|.((.||.|   ).| |) /.` )L.(_
ok I love you now
It is even mobile-friendly.
Tabletfag here, i can confirm
I dunno, 'b3' is missing, indicating that he may have wanted to actually post the 3rd one, noticed he was too late, then just went with the 4th.
Or he never had a b3, and used b4 as a trick to confuse us on reddit.
Well, he had two options, one was a regular combo, the other one was his "in case of combobreaker, press b4" option.
You sunk my battleship.
I guess points for the diverse options, but he still dropped the combo. And, as always, he's a faggot.
It's not always about the combo. While the combo was broken, he did bring trolling back to its roots. Trolling on the internet was named after the fishing method, and this is a great callback, intentional or not. .Unintentional: .Intentional: 
I give lots of credit for the actual concept.  It's clever and throws people off with a misdirection.  Anybody who reposts it gets zero points, though, because it takes zero effort - after the first two posts, anybody else can say any. else to complete it in some fashion or another.
But he managed to take another anon down with him.
Clever. But soon it will be over used and become annoying.
This is the 2nd time I've seen this! Agrh I'm so fucking mad right now!
OC ONLY PLS
Goddamn dude, at least enjoy it while it's here and fresh outta the oven instead of worrying 'bout its future.
Kinda like children. (   )
Clever comment. But soon it will be over used and become annoying.
Lol'd.10/10 if troll.7/10 if copypasta
Ladies and gentlemen, exhibit A. 
(   )
              

[deleted]
 

. . 
Okay, I fucked up the last ASCII art, let's try this again...

I gotta admit, that's pretty mesmerizing
Is this a magic-eye image?
Chrome thinks this is Japanese.
It is a Japanese Kanji. It, quite unsurprisingly, means Swastika.. (You pronounce it as "Manji")
How you know how I pronounce it (checks nearby window)?
The hell Buddha have to do with this?
Buddha did nothing wrong
We all know thIs is completely true. 
I just spat tea all over myself. My sides are in orbit.
 
Glitter "spurting" out of an asshole.
I wouldn't want to either. It's damn near impossible to get every single fleck of glitter outta my beard.
Fucking terrible 3/10 would not read again.
OP lies like a son of a bitch, but his story is better than average -- and also not copypasta!.8/10.
Nothing has ever happened less than this
10/10 would read again
What a faggot.
It's people like that who make the gay rights movement not legitimate. implying anyone cares about the gay rights movement.
Did that nigerian prince ever get back to you?
Last time glitter was anywhere near my ass I woke up naked on a elementary school jungle gym with no hair and I was missing a testicle.
You have to wonder if he ever did manage to remove all the glitter from his self. Or permanent glitter bum?
what a fag
context?
I thought everyone's coming out parties were like this? Mine sure was.
Typical /b/ story, gave me a little chuckle
That's not /b/....your summer is showing
and how would you know? lol i have a full time job, summer doesnt matter to me
/b/ has a light reddish background with dark red text..That could be among several boards like /fit/, /o/, or even /k/..But its definitely not /b/
True, thanks for clarifying..I guess I don't go on 4chan much since I'm so busy now
No problem, I was a douche to call you out.I stopped going on there anyways cause I'm tired of the same bullshit over and over again
Sure....."brother".

NSFW CUNT
I hope you lost your job, you piece of shit. 
I hope you get force fed your firstborn child
K
This entire subreddit is NSFW, so fuck off with your bullshit.
not really cunt. 
Yes really, you dumb shitface.
wow... guess I better get myself a MRI scan
Man, wish I had come out like this. 
Sounds pretty much how most straight guys would imagine a coming out party.
Are you saying they're not like that? I can't think of anything gayer than a gay guy throwing an "I'm gay" party. Maybe a bunch of gay guys throwing one for another guy?
I don't know man. I'm a straight guy, so I expect they go down as anon described.
Me too. To bad i'm not gay.
wanna fuck?
Come out as gay like this. Be the most faggotty homosexual, in history, for a day. Act normal and date women from then on.
If I could do that at parties. I'd do gay.
Better start practicing, faggot.
Thanks for believing in me. 
Wanttobelive/10
Couldn't just have said "Guys, I'm gay."
Maybe that's how you did it, but your family still doesn't accept you for who you are now do they?
It's an excuse to party. That's what really matters
But... the attention, what about the attention?
That wouldn't have been fabulous at all.
Not flamboyant enough. 
If gay pride parades have taught me anything, gay people want us all to know that they all live in an underground lair where they all dress in peacock feathers and fluffy boas and leather straps and cutoff jeans and all fuck in a giant pile..This self-generated image is the greatest obstacle that impedes people from understanding the desire for gay marriage, because it seems they have something even better going on.

Nice.
Holy christing fuck
Shitpost AND cancer. Thanks OP
SIDES
I was using RES, I thought some guy actually dressed up like that
I feel like I'm some sort of list...
I lold hard like lolwtaf
Well shit the picture was so small I thought it was actually a 13 year old girl working for Chris Hansen.
Shit
Fleece Johnson the booty warrior knows it's actually Chris Hanson. He don't want little girl booty, he wants man booty.
jesus fuck.
She's legit guys. 
Did OP use premade models for that or were those done by hand?.I'm surprised not everyone said 'no go back'
I read that entire thread. I'm not sure if I regret doing so or not.

Wizard/10
It took me around 30 minutes to figure out how to upload an album because i'm a fag..Here is the album of all the images OP uploaded .And here is the thread compressed to a single image .gif in image 21: .gif in image 24: .Edit: I wonder what the acceptable time is before I delete the loli pics, as to not get v&
OP made an effort..10/10
You sure put a lot of effort into that rating.
fucking lol'd.10/10 if copy/pasta
7/10 if oc
[deleted]
OP likes sucking juicy cocks
You stupid kike, post the rest.
God damit OP post the rest.
Who the fuck lols at that? Gas yourself nig nog.
I don't know who you are but I like you (No Beta Homo)
OP is a mighty bundle of twigs.
If it's a song she likes, it'll put her in a good mood to be accepting of a kiss afterwards..Either OP is beta fag or this didn't actually happen.edit: formatting 
faggot
fucking moron gtfo my reddit
Did he OP? I guess we'll never find out. Thanks a lot, faggot.
Fucking OP the fucking faggot of fuckland where they fuck faggots who enjoy fucking fuckers fucking fucks
He's so gay even Ellen Degeneres and Freddie Mercury can call him a fag.
Thanks for posting the rest fucktard
Yeah good job fuck tard.
What a fuk tard
OP is a fucktard
Fuckin' fucktards
What a fucking fuck tard faggot
Fuck
Tard
/thread
The cop was the best poet..I bet you the ghettos aren't the only place where he handcuffs and pins down black guys.
The one about weed sounded a little like a Roald Dahl poem. Huh.
Emma Watson nudes? Where?
come on . i need this

Shoulda killed him
beta as fuck.
I want to kick his dad's teeth in.
this is too fucked up to be troll...fuck- i hope its troll..
i don't want to feel his feels

that's horrible...
Morbid reality. 
That would've been a dead father of mine first chance I caught him sleeping when I left the hospital.
Probably one of the most fucked up things I've heard of on 4chan. Ripping out the braces is fucking gnarly. 
I hope OP was able to get through all that shit. Just hope he remembers that his Dad hated himself more than anybody else, so he'll be the one who suffers more as life goes on.
If you read OP's comment you would've seen the happy ending.
Me, I hope his dead is rotting in prison.
Wow, that's dark.
2fake4me

2dark4me
My sides are in the darkness.. 

This had semi the same plot as Matilda. Was hoping op got telekinesis and killed his father in some creative way. 
This got really dark.
Did you take pictures of your screen or something? The colors are weird as hell in those.
I used ..
What's with the colors being off and different in each shot?
Each shot? Only the first two look different to me. Might be the f.lux I have installed though. 
This explains everything, carry on. 
Faggot needs to learn to count. Does lend credibility to his grandma denying him dat der book lernin', though.
So there's no chance he had stayed with his grandma before? Seriously, the posts weren't in any chronological order. The main story is when he was 12, but he mentioned having had 3 broken ribs by the time he was 11. 
It's almost like when he told separate stories they weren't in chronological order, and that his cousins would have met him before he lived with his grandmother, weird shit.
Then he's a shitty storyteller, didn't say anything about backstory. Just told us his grandma's house was shitty.
Imagine your dad is a crack addict who hawks all your shit. Your mom works two jobs to try and support you. Your house is going to be a shit slum. Your grandmother taking care of two kids and having raised a daughter into the lower class/poverty; most likely lives in the same or worse conditions. Grama's house is going to be a dirty old house that is filled with crap as anything nice was stolen long ago. Its also highly likely that ssi benifits are all they have to live on. If I had to use one word to describe a retiree grama taking care of two fucktards by her self with barely enough money to live off each month; I would use shitty.
Not arguing the shittiness of grandma herself. Just tellin the dude up there that OP is a shitty storyteller, since he either gave clear indication of fake or no indication of time.
Yeah he doesn't follow the pattern in my children's books. Pooh the Bear never had time shifts, how am I supposed to know about that shit? OP must be shitty.
Can't you just post pictures in fucking normal brightness?
Thanks for the feels faggot. People need reminding of how other people have shit lives too
You mean how people have had it worse than us.
I hope I didn't ruin your day. 
you already did.

Anyone have a link to the "LOL" pic?
wat.
Do not get 
So, I don't get it. Are the three connected?
For OP, forever.
Nope. Iiiiiiiiits a shitpost!
This sounds kind of similar to what was described in Slaughterhouse Five.
So what happens to the body you possessed?
I actually personally believe in this stuff..It goes into quantum mechanics, as well as questioning if life is predetermined or if you truly have free will..Bearing in mind I'm actually sat here alive and thinking consciously, is it not possible for any of this stuff to be true? I mean, going into really deep shit and the meaning of life, everything seems too perfect in terms of us living on a planet and thriving for stuff like this not to be possible..Perhaps there are millions of parallel universes where life did not thrive on earth.
I've thought of this before, except you die permanently when every variation of yourself dies. 
Well, at the same time, you could argue that everything you set in stone and that the decisions you make aren't really decisions because they'd be the same every time no matter what because all of them would be based on the way you grew up (which would be the same no matter how many times you'd play it over again) and the levels of hormones in your brain at the time. Yep, that's right; in a way, you have no freewill!!
Ive thought about this since i was like 8.
That actually makes sense... Holy shit
I think of that shit all the time.
It carries on living without realizing it has been possessed. It is still you, its just you that survives a near death crisis. You don't absorb some spirit body double, you just keep on living none the wiser. Until you die, then you are dead. But in a parallel universe you survived whatever killed you.
woah
I saw this on /b/ and I scrolled past it. I saw it on here I decided to look at it. Reddit wins. 
I came up with that same theory when I was about 18 and going through my "Existential Crisis" phase. 
Who the feck downvotes comments
I dont think there is free will, but that doesnt mean life is not enjoyable or that we shouldnt at least try to do things (even if the decision to do so is predetermined). The universe is controlled by laws we understand and many we do not, but it seems clear that randomness does not truly exist. If randomness does not exist, we cannot vary from a clockwork linear existence. Quantum theory does not provide a loophole to this, just an alternate way of undertanding it.
In this theory there are infinite versions of you.
I guess there isn't infinite worlds in mine, but it is an extremely high number, as there is an alteration for each different action I take during my entire life, no matter how minute.
Kinda like the comic Infinite Vacation. 
Well downvotes exist for comments for a reason...
no, like hours before all comments were downvoted on . 
How would you know? Scores are hidden.
I've mistaken downvotes for hidden scores
I honestly thought of that too, this is really deep.. 
I rushed to the comments to shout Quantum Immortality but someone beat me to it :(
That's some deep believable shit, even when sober.
then explain me why there are no super old people in this world.. nobody get over 120 yo  but were supposed to be immortal.. where are the one who didnt died before 120 yo, whats the odd that none of them ever survived here?
Well, the odds are really low, so for you to end up in the universe in which the person keeps living for longer than 120 years is very slim chance..However, you'll end up in the universe where YOU survive for more than 120 years, because your consciousness has nowhere else to go. Where can it? In the universes where you die, you'll stop existing, so you as a consciousness can only exist in the universes in which you live..That's how the theory goes. Plus: haven't you seen those miracles of like, people that get stabbed through the head with giant drills and they end up surviving? Could be this shit at play.
The theory only applies if there is a possible future in which you are alive.  If no future like this exists you will die.
so what you mean to say is that each of us will survive forever while everyone will die until well all be alone in our own universe
That's what the thought experiment of quantum immortality states....Then again, if multiple universe theory is true, it might also end up with you meeting a few immortal bitches and all of you keep fucking for the rest of time.
Bro, do you even grammar?
And then you get to a point where you are dying from a disease or something out of your control and you constantly travel between parralel universes in pain of the event forever
Or you eventually just age out, right?  There can't really be an immortal timeline until we can transfer our consciousness from body to body or save it to a hard drive.
OR CAN THERE?!
It's called Quantum immortality.  It has been a theory for a while.
Is that a sort of variance on solipsism? 
Not in the true sense of it, no. Although I suppose you could interpret it solipsistically. 
What is that story about the guy whose wife dies of cancer so he goes to the bookstore she worked at and the owner gives him some book and the new bitch working there warns him about reading the book and quantum immortality?.Edit:  Nevermind, it's about Quantum Suicide and this is the story:
Holy fuck that was awesome 
I read this a while ago when i was into researching this stuff. Long ass read, but worth it. 
Wow, yeah.  Cool little story.  I really wished there had been a final scene, to know what it was like after the ending.  But I suppose that's the whole point haha.  
Congratulations, you discovered Quantum Immortality.
I have often wondered about this and was not aware it was an actual theory, thanks. 
And this was found on /pol/ and not /r9k/ ?



That Subway story got hot fast. "cute,tiny hands", holy crap man.
Ugh, really shows how terrible the community has become. That second comment has absolutely no awareness and is pathetic.
So, they couldn't take a joke?
They're just trying to conserve body heat, get's cold with no clothes on.
And /fit/ fails to make me laugh once again....
I'm glad the second commenter restated the joke for me. I would have never understood it. 
Well thise shoes ARE pretty gay.
Well Jeremy scott is gay.... he designed the shoes.
makes sense.
pic's hot as fuck
The newfagness here is fuckin unbearable
Maybe your time would be better spent on Warcraft.

son of a bitch
You are so fucking poor holy jesus, 68g? L2 auction house faggot.
I keep all of my money on a bank alt.
Pics or GTFO

Good point, what the fuck am I doing in this sub anyways. 
A question we all ask ourselves.
Because this sub sifts through all the shitposts of the subs we don't frequent for us instead of us sifting. There's like one decent thing from /b/ for every thousand posts.
So why don't we just go to 4chanarchive?
I like the layout of Reddit better. I know it gets a lot of shit on 4chan, but the less popular subs and specific subs are interesting.
[deleted]
thanks, y-you too
Niggerfaggot.
You called?
We called niggerfag
, why do I have you tagged as "left nut veins buddy"?
Hahaha sexual harassment! Further proof soldiers are bottom-of-the-barrel humans.
It's actuslly true :/
What the fuck does any of this mean?
god damn that shit is funny and true
Is this what we're doing now? Posting pics from 2 years ago?
Im really fucking intrigued op should deliver or forever be a faggot 
I have one of those purply/blue veins on the bottom of my left nut. I assume OP has he same thing.
Oh god that's funny as fuck... and I can see that happening so easily
pick one
2012+1
Stand down soldier
I suddenly wonder about those pics of cars full of fast food bags and cups and shit; is this anxiety about getting out of your car to throw shit out really a thing or is OP ultimate troll?
OP needs to visit /fit/
OP I want my 2 minutes back.
fatbitch
OP, how fucking fat are you? I bet you look like a fucking sausage.
How rude.
You spent approximately 4.76% of 2012 watching movies, FYI..Please note that this is not a judgement, only an observation.
wut... this thread isn't even good and yet you still reposted it from 2 weeks ago...
I would play club penguin without my parents permission 
Disc = Physical Inventory.  Created at an expense, stored with more expense.
Digital Download = Infinitely reproducing asset with one time set up and maintenance fee for server connections..My guess is they're trying to clear out the inventory.
The Michael Jackson one is gold. 
These fucking people
that e.t one. XD
Its /b/
What the fuck are you talking about?
Digital download
Discs
If you're not Comfortable enough with your heterosexuality to suck and fuck a dick, you are a flaming OP. 
Dude, it's OP. That's the center spot on the Bingo card.
THIS IS SO FUNNY AND ORIGINAL HAHAHAHA GOOD ONE OP I'M LAUGHING SO HARD I CAN BARELY FEEL THE CANCER SPREADING
Holy shit... That was... Beautiful...
Really reminds me of the eve scam story
10/10.Off the the folder it goes for eternity.
Why weren't Ralph and Anthony penalized for metagaming 
because anthony was a DM and his word was law
/tg/ despite not having a lot of exposure/content is one of the best boards on 4chan. Has anyone got the extremely long story about the larp? It's honestly took about 2 hours to read and was the best thing I've ever seen on 4chan..EDIT: 
Jesus H. Christ that was magnificent.  
Because Ralph's character died and then the entire group was wrecked.
I'm reading right now. Isn't similar to "epic story" (.)?.If you haven't read it yet, well... Do it!
That makes me want to play now, sounds epic what you can do when you plan and follow the rules in making your own.
What in the actual fuck
And so kids, the moral is: Don't be a douche in roleplaying games. You never know when some magnificent bastard will emerge and ruin your shit
"And so kids, the moral is: Don't be a douche in roleplaying games.  You never know when there is another autistic douche who will emerge to ruin your shit"
I have no idea what half this shit means, but it was a good read..Bit of a disappointing ending, though. So much build up and then I didn't even realise the guy had died, it was done in a single sentence. 
Right thing to do, there is something wrong if she costs you so much money and you will regret it when you break up.
Sad.
Fag.
Twat.
I'm just wondering what OP's girlfriend looks like...
She looks like an ugly member of team rocket. 
She has five appendages of different sizes. All end in a rounded corner with a growing amount of keratin. 
A man
Gotcha.
Thank god you put that caption on the screencap, otherwise I wouldn't know what was going on.
Complaining about no NSFW tag on the 4chan subreddit? 4chan Is barely safe for life
reasons why op is a fag:
I will never understand the logic of porn folders, let alone pictures. How can someone fap to pics and why save it if there's a database of unlimited porn on the Internet?
agreed- but maybe they are newbies at porn. See porn is like a drug- you take it in more doses and in mix it with stuff- so give him a few hours and he will be seeing some rough stuff
Please label NSFW links NSFW. Now I have to delete my browsing history manually. Dick
Origami would have worked too.
Soo uhh...anyone know who that girl is? 

[deleted]
At least he's not a pony fucker. And he's the 12 year old when you like shows for little girls? Faggot.
[deleted]
You dumb fuck you're worse than the retard complaining about it being NSFW.
[deleted]
Calling someone stupid here is like you begging to be hazed.

This will be the best thing I've read today.
Answer:.It would be impossible for a spaceship to travel at the speed of light because it would take an infinite amount of energy to get it there. .BUT If you were going very close to the speed of light, your headlights would appear to work normally due to time dilation (the speed of light is the same from all reference points), although everything you see reflected back would be severely blue shifted. 
This is actually really good. Some of the people 4chan could write professionally. 
TL;Dr
In short a neckbeard fucks up, the janitor is a perv, autism isn't cured, higher ups kill themselves, police saves himself from losing money, interviewer is confused, exterminator confuses a guard for a criminal loses his laptop, mail-room guy is set for life...or not, IBM is fucked, kid with autism likes caller ID...
also some guy fapped in the bathroom.  i think that was quite important
Idk, boat standards, dependinh on the boat, are pretty hot down to a 5/10.
I don't remember doing this
that was some awful grammar I have no idea what the fuck he was even talking about.

Maybe its a bad idea to drink at all.
DON'T YOU DARE TALK LIKE THAT
Now off to the doctors because we all know she's done the same thing for everyone on that boat !
ya know... we don't have to post everything from 4chan...
What else didn't happen OP? 
Mygurt
and that's the story of how anon got married to a 13 year old.
I'm Bulgarian and fucking never in my entire life have we not had water in our house because there was an emergency or whatever
As a Bulgarian this is especially hilarious I'm surprised her father didn't throw you out of the balcony 
I have that same nervous habit. 

these lies are getting better and better, always more entertaining
How old is this anon visiting his 13 year old girlfriend in bulgaria?.I get the feeling hes leaving out some of this story
he's 35
This, kids, is why you never take up cigarette smoking.
Well we are known for the best yoghurt.
I'm playing any of you faggots have a girlfriend.
lmfao
Best story ever.
Being a faggot?
That's the one.
[deleted]
All of these stories are works of fiction. It doesn't make them any less entertaining.
The stories and information posted here are artistic works of fiction and falsehood.
Only a fool would take anything posted here as fact.
lol u meen autistic :-)
I read it as that.
This fucking sucked.

If you're going to post shit that never happened, at least make it good.
Read 'Baby sister' as 'baby sitter'. It made it weird 0_o
Same here. I must have read it twice before realizing. 
I feel like my mind has been violated. 
Stirring... his dick in the yogurt..Obviously.
Why would he even bother with the girl when he could've just scored with some .?
6/10, Bulgaria is a nice twist.  Moldova would be better, but I can deal.
in bulgaria it's illegal for a water company to turn off the water so..
They still do it, so yea...
I live here. no they don't. .sometimes there's an outage... but they don't turn it off.
Are you for real?You either live in a cave or in the forest.Here is last month: .  They stopped it in half of sofia.Also I study this, I know what is the situation with our water pipes.And where I live in sofia, last year we did not have water for 24 hours, duo to pipe burst.So yea dont try to lie.
yeah... that's pretty much an outage. they can't stop it due to unpaid bills is what I meant, irrelevant to the post I realize that now.
The ole yogurt dick, a real crowd-pleaser

I think its fourteen actually.
Yes it is.
lel

[deleted]
Wow! How original!
it's the same viscosity anyway
Flavor, however, that's a different story. 
How would you know, faggot?
Can't lose that protein.
Gainz r gainz. 
Depends what kind of yogurt
fucking greek yogurt
Stamos flavored
Who is this Anon guy and how does he manage to do so much funny stuff?
Omg summerfag alert!
You don't know him? He's quite the card. 
Yeah he's way cooler than that Heaven douchebag, that guy's an ass.
For some people, he goes by the name "alpha".
And others, simply "faggot."
Don't forget "beta"!
a.k.a OP
Hillarious
Sounds like the whole lioncash garbage that happened a few years ago.

Sure, why not? 
and this would accomplish... what?
Redpill the masses
lel
I just wrote it on the 3 one dollar bills I have.
Looks like the bankers just got served...now what?
Justice at last. 
Was hoping someone would say "Now its on" 
I wonder what it's like to be so completely paranoid about Jews that you literally live life thinking of every possible way anything could be caused by them.  
probably really awful and alienated.

Greedy jews do control the major banks and the US fed.
I don't think strippers or liquor store employees would mind too much. 
/pol/ gets a lot of ideas..Gladly they're all too socially awkward or lazy to do them.
JIDF pls
repost
Brick, I've been meaning to talk to you about that. You should find yourself a safehouse or a relative close by. Lay low for a while, because you're probably wanted for murder. 
Where the fuck do you faggot OPs find shit this old?
Hold on a second... The results are coming in.... OP is a confirmed fag. Just as expected.
HA ! I found something funny on 4chan lol
at least its a truly autistic piece of art... that's what /b/ 's intentions were in the beginning. .now its mostly same fagging and circle jerk.
I was with this halfway through, then ... Idk
Why
A non funny story WITH shit responses! OP you are spoiling us!
Thanks for including the reactions to show me how to feel.

lol its funny cause everyone said the same thing!!!!
What.... What version of windows is that?
what the fuck did you screenshot that in 1995
It is just windows 7 in classic mode.
TOP LEL XD
It's Windows 9:Retro Edition
Oh man, imagine the mess it would make if he tore that think open.
Worthy to serve the loins of Martin Septim himself.

Who is she?
Absolutely
Fucking
Perfect
Bet she has zero ass
what the fuck is this shit. get out of here.
Praise be unto him
He was ressurected by the hero of kvatch only to drown in imperial pussy.
Hush thy virgin mouth
l2reversesearch
I only have my phone
We better listen to this guy.
10/10 would protect 
Would sheath my lusty rapier/10
your mum.
paris roxanne.here's the bathroom album..here's angie verona just cause she reminds me of her so much
You sir... I love you soooo much right now...it would be in the most homo way, but it's over tits so that doesn't work, but still. If you remind me next time I have money I will give you gold!
Tagged as "homo that owes me gold." Haha nah it's cool. I help out r/amateurarchives when I can. You should check it out if you like entire sets
LOL that's my favorite subreddit! I'm not helpfull at all there, but I love it there! Great community that revolves around tits
Would do unspeakable things to her..Based on how obsessed she is with herself, I don't ever want to talk to her or acknowledge her
 (NSFW)
xDDDDDDDD good one man high five epic lulz :-DDDDDDD
Obviously a TM87.  It contains swagger.  All of the kids are raiding abandoned houses to boost their swag points.
Oh god, I feel old now
Its half life 3.
It's clearly a tome of mystery and holds many secrets
It's a psp game if anybody actually doesn't know
Are you kidding? Everyone over the age of 10 knows what a floppy disk is.
I'm 22 and though I know what they are I've never used one. I don't see why someone 10 years younger would or should even know what it is.
minidisc from sony. i used them in japan back in 99-01
I exhaled sharply through my nose a few times
It's from when they stored minicds in little plastic cases for protection.
It's a Save Icon, fuck-nuts
The fuck is black caulk?
Only in OP's imagination would someone not say "caulking."
I always say caulk. I just have no idea what "black caulk" is. Why would they make black caulk when caulk is paintable?
WHITE CAULK MASTER RACE
Well why not have more white people? You can just paint them whatever color you want! Its genius!

Nigger.
So brave.
Can't be true..OP has a job..Didn't rape white girl.
OP can clearly read and write.
Who's to say he didn't let a white man do it for him?
So OP is a black man. Black man != nigger.
Careful, moralfaggotry on .? EDGY
Go back to Stormfront with your non-comical racism

Source? :>
is that bailey jay?
Greatest gif of all time
no
homo
good one
I came before the dick so n-no homo
But...the tits are so nice....
too bad anon you get cock.
Don't pretend that you don't know faggot. 
quite worrying that i identified him.. :(
Comment better than the post.
But... that's not something exceptional, is it?
Tricks on you I masturbated to the kid
You are an idiot. 
That facebook group has 950+ members... >:]

Snitch
Ya blew it.
not only is OP a faggot, hes a snitch too..
I hope he broke a bone every day in OP's body that little fuck weasel.
He probably made it up. If not you deserve to get beat up. 
That's stupid. There are a million other excuses OP could've given other than ratting on Jamal.
I'd beat up OP too
Not surprised OP, that formal treachery is second nature to you and yours.
I lost it at creative ways to walk home.
Anon is a piece of shit.
DuiBuQi /v/, my name is Chingchong Tingtong Linglong,.I'm a 27 year old American FOB (fresh of the boat for all you GuiLao). I farm rice for work, and spend my days playing superior Chinese games. (Romance of the three kingdoms XXCIII and various other MMORPG based on WoW).
I train with my Chopsticks every day, this superior weapon can pierce through all kinds of meat because they have been using it for over 5000 years, and is vastly superior to any other weapon on earth. I earned my Fly-catching license two years ago, and I have been getting better every day..I speak Chinese fluently, both Mandarin and the Engrish dialect, and I write fluently as well. I know everything about Chinese history and their Soy sauce code, which I follow 100%.When I get my Chinese visa, I am moving to Beijing to attend a prestigious High School to learn more about their magnificent culture. I hope I can become a laborer for Nike sweatshops or a WoW gold farmer!.I own several Rice hats, which I wear around town. I want to get used to wearing them before I move to China, so I can fit in easier. I drink with my elders and seniors and speak Chinese as often as I can, but rarely does anyone manage to respond..Wish me luck in China!
Stop spamming you dirty fuck.
Are you serious? These posts are minimized and downvoted, but you still click and open them to bitch. 
Well if you never spammed this thread with a bunch of copypastas then I wouldn't have said anything.
are you sure his name wasn't Tyrone
Fuckk, 6th grade??
Anon is a punk bitch.
Congrats guys, not a single one of you got upvotes. 
You were introduced to weed at that age? You can't be serious..When . was that age, I had the tolerance level of an . stoner. What a childish loser you are. How old are you, 25? Still living with your parents? You are pathetic. I walk on little boys like you. Get out of here, nobody enjoys your presence!
What a loser.

Today OP was a cowardly cunt 
loser.
git dat nigger
this story is a lie, it's implying that he couldnt have told he teacher any random reason why he was sweaty when he got back, so he tells her the worst lie he could possibly tell her. fake and gay.
OP is the annoying childhood friend  

you deserve it fucker! for being a snitch and that suck ass weak story!
Zdravstvuite /v/, my name is Vladimir Borisov..I'm a 27 year old American Rusophile (soviet fan for you capitalists). I Work and Labor on my assigned camp, and spend my days drinking Vodka and playing superior Soviet games. (S.T.A.L.K.E.R., Cryostasis).I train with my Avtomat Kalashnikova every day, this superior weapon can Pierce through steel because it is used over fifty years, and is vastly superior to any other weapon on earth. I earned my Avtomat license two years ago, and I have been getting better every day..I speak Russian fluently, both Drunk and the Sober dialect, and I write fluently as well. I know everything about Russian history and their vodka code, which I follow 100%.When I get my Russian visa, I am moving to Moskva to attend a prestigious High School to learn more about their magnificent culture. I hope I can become a laborer for Zavod Kalashnikova or a vodka drinker!.I own several soviet uniforms, which I wear around town. I want to get used to wearing them before I move to Russia, so I can fit in easier. I drink with my elders and seniors and speak Russian as often as I can, but rarely does anyone manage to respond..Wish me luck in Russia!
Hola, my name is seor Andres
I'm a 27 year old American Mariachi (ranchera fan for you gringos). I dance corridos and salsa in my living room, and spend my days perfecting my art and playing superior Mexican games. (Burro, drug traffic, piata).I train with my Ak-47 every day, this superior weapon can go clean through people because it is shot over a thousand times, and is vastly superior to any other weapon on earth. I earned my loco license two years ago, and I have been getting better every day..I speak Mexican fluently, both Tijuana and the Tamaulipas dialect, and I write fluently as well. I know everything about Mexican history and their lazyness code, which I follow 100%.When I get my back wet, I am moving to Mexico D.F. to attend a prestigious Escuela to learn more about their magnificent culture. I hope I can become a corrido singer for Sinaloa Cartel or a drug dealer!.I own several sombreros, which I wear around town. I want to get used to wearing them before I move to Mexico, so I can fit in easier. I rarely shower and/or bath and speak Mexican as often as I can, but rarely does anyone manage to respond.
The wind blows. It is 7 in the morning, Ken-sama woke up to the cold morning. He got up, and went to the bathroom to wash his face. Ken-sama live in a traditional Japanese house, he only rent a room though. The old couple is nice enough to let him stay in their house..Ken-sama grepped his kimono and wear it like a proper nihonjin, he walk to a window and smell the fresh nihonjin morning. "Ah, konbanwa anatas. What beautiful morning desu." Ken-sama zoned out looking at the beach from his room. Ken-sama went downstairs to greet the old couple. "Ah, ohayou ojisan and obasan". The old couple replied him with a warm smile and proceed with their breakfast while inviting Ken-sama..Although Ken-sama can not understand them, he easily could read what the old couple is trying to say, he is born with this talent. "Arigato." Ken-sama said, he then went upstairs to take a few things. He took a bokken and a katana, the katana is hidden in his kimono and the bokken is on his obi, this is to avoid being arrested by authorities as he was warned last time. Ken-sama will be going on his usual morning walk to sightseeing the glorious nihonjin country. "Itadakimasu obasan and ojisan", they gave him a mixed smile and a slightly confused expression..Ken-sama reached the park near the beach, he like to watch kids playing as it is a something that can warm his pure heart. Suddenly, a sudden tremor. No, it's more terrifying than that, it's an earthquake, a huge one. The ground was shaking and beginning to crack, Ken-sama look at the children, they were running away terrified, "minna san! do not run around! Stay in place!".The kids couldn't understand what he was saying, he gestured what he was trying to say, he ordered the kids to stay in the middle of the park as it is too dangerous. But that was Ken-sama's mistake, he look at the beach from afar. It was huge, a tsunami is coming. Ken-sama widened his eyes and look at the children and yelled every Japanese word he knew "Arigatou gozaimasu! Gomenasai! Run away minna-san!".The children ran away, the wave is coming, it was at least 100ft tall. Ken-sama was ashamed with himself, he should have anticipated this, if he did the children would be far away by now. "sumimasen mina-san, it was my mistake", he took his hidden katana and dual wield with the bokken and katana. As he ran towards the tsunami trying to stop it, he uttered his last words. "Arigatou obasan, ojisan. For taking care of me" The wave rise even higher. A shout is heard; "Nippon banzai!".
[deleted]
I actually wanted to put them somewhere for later, so I don't have to open a text file then send that shit to myself. I could have wrote an email, but fuck you faggot get over it.
 - Not your personal pastebin.
I'm using it as one. I'm paying for the space in karma.
Hakuna Matata, my name is Kenechukwu
I'm a 27 year old American afriboo(african fan for you white devils). I draw with berries and maggots on my cave wall, and spend my days perfecting my art and playing superior American games. (Hide and go seek, Ring around the rosey, Hopscotch).I train with my bostaff every day, this superior weapon can cut clean through clumps of dirt because it is widdled over a thousand times, and is vastly superior to any other weapon on earth. I earned my bostaff license two years ago, and I have been getting better every day..I speak mouth clicking fluently, both Zwahili and Pygmy dialect, and I write fluently as well. I know everything about African history and their tribal codes, which I follow 100%.When I get my African visa, I am moving to the Congo to attend a prestigious coltan mining camp to learn more about their magnificent culture. I hope I can make it to age 50!.I own several loin cloths, which I wear around town. I want to get used to wearing them before I move to Africa, so I can fit in easier. I grunt to my elders and seniors and make clicking noises at them as often as I can, but rarely does anyone manage to respond.
You fucked up
I'm da bess man. I diiiiiiid it.
Eli won that battle easily.
I got one question mayne. 

Y'all already know the rules so we ain't gon waste no time on that
Gomenasai, my name is Ken-Sama..Im a 27 year old American Otaku (Anime fan for you gaijins). I draw Anime and Manga on my tablet, and spend my days perfecting my art and playing superior Japanese games. (Disgaea, Final Fantasy, Persona series).I train with my Katana every day, this superior weapon can cut clean through steel because it is folded over a thousand times, and is vastly superior to any other weapon on earth. I earned my sword license two years ago, and I have been getting better every day..I speak Japanese fluently, both Kanji and the Osaka dialect, and I write fluently as well. I know everything about Japanese history and their bushido code, which I follow 100%.When I get my Japanese visa, I am moving to Tokyo to attend a prestigious High School to learn more about their magnificent culture. I hope I can become an animator for Studio Ghibli or a game designer!.I own several kimonos, which I wear around town. I want to get used to wearing them before I move to Japan, so I can fit in easier. I bow to my elders and seniors and speak Japanese as often as I can, but rarely does anyone manage to respond..Wish me luck in Japan!
Hallo, my name is Olaf
I'm a 27 year old American Nordmann (northman for you non northmen). I loot my church and community centers in my neighbourhood, and spend my days perfecting my warcry and playing superior Scandinavian games. (Hnefatafl , kvatru-tafl, skak-tafl).I train with my Long axe every day, this superior weapon can cleave a mans head because it's made by the best smiths in the world, and is vastly superior to any other weapon on earth. I bought my axe two years ago, and I have been getting better every day..I speak Norrnt fluently, both Nordlning and the Oslo dialect, and I write fluently as well. I know everything about Norwegian history and their looting code, which I follow 100%.When I get my longboat, I am going to row to Oslo to attend a prestigious High School to learn more about their magnificent culture. I hope I can become a raider or work at the oil rig Troll!.I own several helmets, which I wear around town. I want to get used to wearing them before I move to Norway, so I can fit in easier. I hail my elders and seniors and speak Norrnt as often as I can, but rarely does anyone manage to respond.
Jeg hper faen meg for din skyld at du ikke har horn p noen av de hjelmene. Du vil ikke vare lenge med horn p hjelmen! .Reis heller til Stavanger om du skal f jobb p Troll. .Ditt forbanna troll.  
Shouldn't Angry Birds be on there?
I speak a little Danish, and understand a little Norwegian, and my great-great-grandfather was a ship-builder in Stavanger before going out of business and coming to America. I've been there before. Also, that last line means "you fucking troll". That's all I got. 
Via Google Translate: I fucking hope for your sake that you do not have horns on some of the helmets. You will not last long horns on the helmet!
Reis also to Stavanger whether to get a job at Troll.
Your damn trolls.
Hey, my name is Anon
I'm a 27 year old oldfag (Haxxorz l331xDD for you newfags). I draw LOLcats and trollface.jpg on my .tablet, and spend my days perfecting my posts and playing superior /v/ approved games. (God Hand, Dooce Ex, Mountain Blade series).I train with my Penis every day, this superior weapon can cut clean through steel because it is fapped over a thousand times, and is vastly superior to any other dongs on earth. I earned my cock license two years ago, and I have been getting better every day..I speak 1337 fluently, both binary and the H4xx0r style, and I write fluently as well. I know everything about chan history and their bullshito code, which I follow 100%.When I get my underage ban, I am moving to moot's house to attend a prestigious little girl to learn more about his magnificent pool. I hope I can become an admin for 4chan or a faggot.I own several dragon dildos, which I wear around town. I want to get used to wearing them before I move to /v/, so I can fit in easier. I fap to my elders and seniors and speak 1338 as often as I can, but rarely does anyone manage to respond.
I don't get it, did Jamal beat the shit out of him for the next six years in retaliation for this, or was this retaliation for Jamal beating the shit out of him for the previous six years?
Fucking lol'd
10/10 if troll
7/10 if copy pasta
FUCK OFF CUNT

Jamal tried to beat the shit out of him for the next 6 years in retaliation. 
My name is Kenichi Smith..I'm a 27 year old Japanese Toonaholic (Cartoon fan for you foreigners). I draw cartoons and comics on my tablet, and spend my days perfecting my art and playing superior American games. (Halo, Gears of War, Call of Duty).I train with my revolver every day, this superior weapon can shoot straight through steel because it kicks ass, and is vastly superior to any other weapon on earth. I earned my gun license two years ago, and I have been getting better every day..I speak English fluently, both the American and the British accents, and I write fluently as well. I know everything about American history and their Constitution, which I follow 100%.When I get my American visa, I am moving to New York to attend a prestigious High School to learn more about their magnificent culture. I hope I can become an animator for Nickelodeon or a game designer!.I own several cowboy outfits, which I wear around town. I want to get used to wearing them before I move to America, so I can fit in easier. I keep cool to my elders and seniors and speak English as often as I can, but rarely does anyone manage to respond..Wish me luck in America!
I hope you die.
Drink bleach you nigger.
 I am sorry to have upset you please keep insulting me for posting old text. I am so gay for posting this XD
Seriously fuck OP. If someone told me they did this I would attack on the spot. Do it for Jamal.
ya bish
ya bish ya bish
I'm surprised you didn't mention your sides being somewhere in the 9th dimension, faggot.
you obviously haven't been on /b/ today. Someone's running a script posting that everywhere. Way to look uninformed newfag.
I'll try to be more of a basement dweller next time.

The same as calling you pathetic is an observation and not an insult, I would think?
lol no pathetic would be an insult.
That's like the South Park episode where they set their teacher on fire and the kid gets outta prison and wants to fuck them up.
Probably one of my favorite episodes.."Tell me, did he do this to you?  Beep once for yes and twice for no.".
"Yes.  Yes.  Take him away!"
[deleted]
I believe it's the episode called "Pre-School"
south park
6th grade? that's 11 years old
Not in every country... but considering how it's niggers and weed it's probably USA.
4chan? That's made up...
[deleted]
11/12
What did that even say before user was banned?
"12 years old".I don't know why he got banned for that.

You'd be surprised how young kids start
Maybe, but . at that age. I think I finally caught 4chan in a lie.
I started selling when I was in 7th grade, 12 years old. I would roll two small joints and sell them for $5 to the kids who didn't really smoke, but wanted to seem cool. It was like 90% markup. Also just did some reselling of pot/alcohol with a markup since most kids didn't have another source. .I also fenced all the stuff my friends and I stole in order to finance our alcohol and drug needs. CDs and candy bars mostly. Plus the occasional movies/porn.
How the fuck is this acceptable on the Internet? Smoke and drink all you want, but in .? Holy shit you people are the scum of the earth...
What do you mean acceptable on the internet? I don't even understand what you're saying. I was certainly a little shit, and I wouldn't recommend this behavior to kids.
Well especially on Reddit everyone is completely okay with really young kids getting into weed and alchohol. Like, can't people wait until they're 18 at least to get into that stuff? 
If you don't want to wait why should you? Besides why do you care if some shitty kids are getting high?
You expect rebelling teenagers to wait until their legally adults to partake in illegal substances?
That's my plan. Why is it so hard for other people?
There are a lot of factors contributing to the use of substances. Not every one had the up bringing you did, obviously, and a lot of kids don't have a single person that gives two shits about them. So why would they care about themselves? When you aren't brought up with morals you, more often then not, don't practice them. 
Because people get bored and don't know what else to do.

i'm 28 and i buy all my weed from 11 year olds
That's actually really shitty of you.
Yeah, there are college dropouts that really need that money, man.
this is when most of my friends started smoking weed. summer of 1996
Ha. I smoke my first J. in 1995..I knew nothing about weed, and I suddenly started loudly chuckling when we were walking down the hallway to class, guided by the teacher..The look on my friends face made it clear that wasn't a good thing. .Next time we smoked (the 3 of us) we got caught... I was so afraid to tell my mom, but when I did, she was lying in the sofa and was too depressed to care..It was actually a wake up call for me, and I realized this home was no good for me, so I went to go live with my dad..I was so happy to live with my awesome dad (who had his own business and was a general cool/fun guy).Over the years of me and him lived together, his life started falling apart. Got married, cheated, got divorced, business went bankrupt and he became a alcoholic..
(though a moderately functioning one I guess I should say).I lived with him t'ill he died in his sleep at age 49. He looked like he was just sleeping and I touched his forehead and arm to say goodbye.
[deleted]
Its called weed for a reason.  It can grow pretty much anywhere you plant a seed.  There's also a shitton that gets around the country unnoticed.
Weed's actually easier to get. Dealers have no problem selling to children. Packies card.
Spoken like a man who has never tried to grow weed.
YEP
Spoken like a man who thinks low quality weed isn't weed.
Drinking was illegal at one point too. 
It's like a reverse of Bryan Adams. 
Got my first real dimebag.
Bought it for a real quick fix.
Smoked it till my eyes turned red.
Was the summer of '96
Hahaha that's awesome
You're a regular Robert Frost, faggot!
Do you often have sudden uncontrolled homophobic outbursts in real life as well? 
Do girls exist on the interweb
Could've just said he took a massive shit
Massive constipation. 
/cool enough to sell weed.//too much of a pussy to come up with ANY response other than saying Jamal was trying to sell him drugs. 
Seriously
He wasn't one of those smart 6th grade weed dealers.
I don't think there are any smart 6th grade weed dealers. 
That was the joke...it was executed poorly.
Well shit, son.
Ronny the rat strikes again.
OP messed up. He should have sold it to Jamal to make some money and get the heat off. Stash the money too so he doesn't caught caught with it.
The police would be suspicious that Jamal hasn't made any money off selling weed. Since he didn't sell to Jamal, Jamal still had his money. The fuzz could assume he made this off of selling weed. 
But they search both of them.  If they take Jamal's word and find the exact right amount of money on anon, then he's busted for selling.
Yeah. Now that's just fucked up what he did.
if he sold it and had the money on him in the principals office and Jamal would have been able to say that he bought the weed for whatever amount
then it's a question of how much money did OP have on him already if he had money did he bundle it all together or just leave it in its own wad. If none then OP would have produced the exact amount Jamal claimed he had. It was smarter to just give it to Jamal
Yeah, this is why he should have either sold it to Jamal, . he should had gave it to someone who was obviously a lot weaker than him. 
Or he could have just not ratted Jamal out.
I think we are giving OP too much credit considering he is a moron.
True.  
god hates that shitty photoshop

wut

You put way too much effort into that for almost no reason. .But thanks anyway.
I was bored, and the MSpaint shop hit a nerve. 
What? There isn't even a P on the sign to copy there. What did you do?
He copy pasted the OD from GOD, then trimmed the D to a P
he used his brain, try it out some time.
I am thinking he took the texture from the letters and used it to overlap the P that he added in. This is just a prediction, I have never used photoshop or done any other photo editing.
Are you a wizard?
Pretty much. I cloned the curve from the "s", and from there on did some touch ups.
Nah, i'm just Batman. 
He also gave him the Nike Swoosh on his shirt.
The swoosh was there to begin with, the first photoshop just fucked up the swoosh.

Oh, didn't notice.
Could have christopher lee on backup if Ron Perlman says no.
9/10 would watch
9/11 would watch.
Its better than most of the shit pumped out of Hollywood.
inb4 still a better lovestory than twilight
How the fuck can a guy bursting straight into heaven and trying to kill god, still be atheist. 

This shit would make for a fucking comic book. Easily. Simplify his profession to "atheist scientist", make characters modifications of the actors ( "oh, he look kinda like idris elba, doesn't he ?" ), give some depth to the main character, make him selfish, then give depth to villains and you got yourself a good comic.
Somebody get Stan Lee on the phone, or whoever the DC equivalent of Stan Lee is. 
Or just some indie guys. They're much more likely to do something with this.
it already sounds a lot like some of the more recent Ghost Rider plots (comics, the movies were shit)
Grant Morrison
The action block was how it ended for me, Fuckerberg's attempts to postpone the imperial legion from overthrowing his kingdom are in vain. In the name of Talos it will be ours!
(resist arrest)... THEN PAY WITH YOUR BLOOD!!!!
I love the idea =)
The twitter wasn't as funny but I was really cracking up at the facebook stuff. 
that was the best thing ever. who else wants to do this?
We need to go deeper
These are pretty good did they shut down the twitter accounts already?
Hail sithis!
funniest thing I've read in a week.
Oblivion was far better than Skyrim. Pay with blood bitches.
The Imperial Guard version of the Navy Seal copypasta had me rolling! 
I am sad I missed this. I was just crying with laughter. Facebook is trying to auto ban imperial guards now.
Can I get the text for the pasta, OP?
My sides have gone to Oblivion.
Damn just got banned :( it was fun while it lasted 
i just got oblivion the other day and this is fucking hilarious to me
OP is a god. Don't care about the downvotes; Vote away. I regret nothing. Keep going OP. 

this girl could use some good old fashion imperial guard spam. .MAKE HER PAY WITH HER BLOOD!

Fucking amazing except for the faggots who can't name their profile correctly.
Source on that boobage?
This is actually beautiful
Katelynn Dawnmarie Moffette ftw
NSFW please cuz tits.
Emperor*
NSFW tag?
lol Awesome
Was part of this. ImperialSwag420 on Twitter, not sure if it was in the screencaps.
TL;DR
imperial guard reporting in
I want a link to the original post. Please OP? 
*emperor you fucking pleb
I WAS PART OF THIS I AM RELEVANT YAY 
This is the best thing to come out of 4chan in a fortnight. 
Are people still doing this? Because I would love to join in.
Hungarian Scum.
Why the fuck do you have to put a phone number to create a Facebook account? What if you don't have a fucking phone? I really want to do this, anyone know any way to bypass it?
Now this is some quality shit
Hopefully they do it all over again in the future as Caesar's Legion.
I made one, I lasted a good 20 minutes before facebook said I wasn't a real person and kicked me off
what's the vid to get through mobile check?
Is it still happening?
made my day, thanks for upload!
fuckin newfag
I'm back now!!
its still going on...go to /b as of this post
official facebook group : groups/156568537861171/
other groups : groups/560267074025957/
groups/177033025800164/
groups/173147469522727/
You're a cunt..Praise Talso.
This is absolutely beautiful.
Can I get a goddamn pixel for fuck's sake
I know the guy who made the imperial guard song...
 .I love it.
Yeah
Holy fuck, i just closed Oblivion. Time to check reddit! then i find this. .My belly hurts, jesus i think i even lost some weight from all the lulz.Thanks OP for sharing
Same, I've played Oblivion for about 5 hours today, this really makes my fucking day
It sure is summer up in this board.
Kill yourself.
Fuck off, this was good. 
I gave it a chance. I went through a bunch of screenshots, but all I could see were people repeating the same phrases, with hardly any interesting reactions.
I'm in tears. This is some of the best shit I've seen in years.
This thing will rise a lot of red flags for NSA :D
>named imperial guards.> Quoting Skyrim.> TFW
You fool, Skyrim is but a province of the Empire.

What feel?
This is why 4chan is great. they pull this kinda crap
Stop right there criminal scum!
You're a cunt..Praise Talos.
spoke like a true summerfag.
id like to see a 40k version of this now
Yeah, I was thinking the whole time it would be a lot funnier if they were all space marines, but I guess the Oblivion Imperial Guards are a lot more quotable..I just want to purge all the heretics and xenos scum from Facebook and praise the god-emperor.
Excellent, good to see the Imperial Legion in top form.
This is one of the best posts on this sub in a while. Good job OP. 
The Nicki Minaj "REDGAURD SCUM" made me smile. And I don't smile often, nor do I like to. So fuck you, Nicki Minaj. 
thank you for posting, made my day
No website is safe 
I like this one because she doesn't get butthurt. She's just... horribly confused.
Someone help me find my sides
have you looked to your right? Also, try left.
Return the sweetroll
Oh god hahahahahah 
"too long; didn't read.You're a cunt .Praise talos".My sides are gone. 
Why
because you rape autists.
Why does he rape autists
[deleted]
WHAT WILL THEY SAY!? 
"y-you t-too"
Ugh, I had forgotten about that shitty "4chan" page full of 9gag shit.
I had forgotten too. and it took me over a week too. THANKS A LOT OP!
Here's the copypasta for everyone too lazy to find it otherwise.By the nine divines! What did you just say about me, you little skeeverbutt? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in the College of Winterhold, and I've been know to cast one hell of a fireball, and I have over 300 confirmed summons. I am trained in daedric warfare and I'm the swords master of the entire Imperial forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will make you beg to Akatosh as I bend you over like a common whelp, mark my words, on my oath as the Dovahkiin. You think you can come into my mind though this magic device and insult me? Think again, scum. As we speak I have every assassin and thief across all of Tamriel looking for your initial position so you better prepare for the storm atronach, you drauger. The storm atronach that wipes out the pathetic little husk you call your life. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my dragon shouts! Not only am I extensively trained in archery and horseback riding, but I have access to the entire congregation of the thieves guild, dark brotherhood, Mages college, and untold hordes of deadric warriors, and I will use every one of them to banish you to the plane of oblivion. If only you could have had the clairvoyance to see what divine retribution your little "clever" runes were about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your tongue you dark skin. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will become the embodiment of Mehrunes Dagon, and open a portal to oblivion the likes of which you have never seen. You're fucking dead, milk-drinker..Edit: typos
Besides my little cousin Tyler, all you fucking Warcraft imperial guard idiots look so foolish. Go jerk off to your little dungeon and dragons games and stop commenting on this with your childish bullshit, what are you10? You seriously look so retarded and foolish speaking the way you are. No one gives a fuck about graduating from a dumbass kid game and saying you could kill someone with a sword or whatever. Like the fuck? Go get a life please, lay off this girl, you all look pathetic talking shit. Grow up, were in 2013 and its fucking kids like YOU GUYS that are bringing our world to shit and making this place we call home look stupid and pathetic. Ive said my peace. Have a problem with what I have to say, private message me. Ill be more than happy to rip each and every one of your sad souls apart.
I'd rather public message you to say you are one of the sad unfortunate souls who doesn't understand the highest form of comedy. Don't mourn for the world, mourn for yourself..Or you're a troll. If so that shit was weak.
not sure if srs. This was the other copypasta that the tiffany donaldson person said in reply in the images. Image 17 to be exact
My apologies, I'm a tard. If that's copy pasta that's great.
That last sentence sounded serious. I'm a dabbler in soul-ripping myself, and as such I'd be most interested in assisting an expert soul-ripper performing her talents.

I love how one of the People You May Know in one of the pictures is Hieronymous Lex.
"I just spoke to Imperial Guard, he said Imperial Guard was supposed to order the pizza".My sides
I love how some people addressed them with giant paragraphs. Especially telling them "it's a waste of time" and "you fail at trolling".If you're writing a fucking paragraph to "tell off" people trolling you, 1) it's a waste of time, and 2) They've clearly trolled you pretty badly.
"Did somebody steal your sweet roll?".Died.

Well, he's not wrong, but not accurate... 
[deleted]

any more?

That last one killed me. 
Pretty much lost it with "Lusty Argonian Maid" and then again when they tagged all the other guards and said "Not this one, the one that likes to say" lol
Why is everyone's way of defending someone on Facebook always you don't know what they've gone through?
That "butthurt much?" seriously made me check my butt. What's the context to that?
Guy tried lighting a bottle rocket or a roman candle or something out of his ass.
Really? To me, it looks like his ass has become necrotic, and is slowly rotting off. 
Maybe he just lmao'd a few too many times.
The average bottlerocket wouldn't do that much damage. .Source: Life experience. 
Could have been one of those model rocket things. Fucked if I know. It was big and full of angry fire.
Ya, after launching countless bottle rockets using only my clenched butcheeks, I can understand the desire to try it out with something much bigger.
Don't forget to wipe.
What you are observing is the female white knight in its natural habitat. 
AKA, she wants to fuck him, and he's going to end up writing a lulzy story on 4chan about it. 

CONSEQUENCES WILL NEVER BE THE SAME
I loved the response to that. It went something like: You think cops care about your hurt feeling because of what someone said on the internet? 
Holy shit, you can't comprehend how much I laughed at that.

I love it when white trash try to act like people.
said all rednecks ever
That was so much better than I expected.Kind of surprised more people didn't play along.
God i loved that.
Praise Talos.
The navy seal copypasta they post has me in tears
that was the icing on the cake, also how he revised it so as to relate to the imperial guards 
Do you have the full adapted version?
No, but I reall, really want it
Oh yeah I forgot about that, it was creative.
By the nine divines! What did you just say about me, you little skeeverbutt? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in the College of Winterhold, and I've been know to cast one hell of a fireball, and I have over 300 confirmed summons. I am trained in daedric warfare and I'm the swords master of the entire Imperial forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will make you beg to Akatosh as I bend you over like a common whelp, mark my words, on my oath as the Dovakin. You think you can come into my mind though this magic device and insult me? Think again,scum. As we speak I have every assassin and thief across all of Tamriel looking for your initial position so you better prepare for the storm atronach,you drauger. The storm atronach that wipes out the pathetic little husk you call your life. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my dragon shouts! Not only am I extensively trained in archery and horseback riding, but I have access to the entire congregation of the thieves guild, dark brotherhood, Mages college, and untold hordes of deadric warriors, and I will use every one of them to banish you to the plane of oblivion.. If only you could have had the clairvoyance to see what divine retribution your little "clever" runes were about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your tongue you dark skin. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will become the embodiment of Mehrunes Dagon, and open a portal to oblivion the likes of which you have never seen. You're fucking dead, milk-drinker.
Okay, so you expect me to believe that you were the very best that your generation of College students had to offer? I highly doubt that. If you were as good as you say you were, i don't think for a second that you would be sitting in the Bannered Mare. This is mostly a place for jobless Imperials that still live with their parents, and halfwitted Thalmor agents that don't have any friends. It really isn't the place for highly-trained mages to be hanging out in their spare time. Even if it was, something far worse than a frost troll being mean to you probably would have set you off a long time ago. What about the slew of gore and civil war that gets told of here on a regular basis? Isn't that something that deserves a person being hunted down and made to regret their actions? Yeah, you're just not the inn type. Sure, there's a wide variety of people that visit here, but you're far from the core demographic if you are who you say you are (which isn't the case). Even if it were true that you're an incredibly talented mage, I think all the scholastic discipline would prevent you from getting mad enough to murder some random idiot in Skyrim. I also doubt that even the best archmages have a "secret guild of vampires across the province". Why would all of the most expansive Big Brother network in the world be willing to help a troubled PTSD-sufferer hunt down some random kid in Skyrim? That doesn't even make sense. If you're gonna try to scare somebody, make it more believable than "IM A SUPER BATTLEMAGE HURR DURR". You might frighten a thirteen year old who doesn't know any better, but to must of us you just look like a kid with an anger problem and a very active imagination. Hopefully things will be easier for you when your puberty's over. Best of luck with that... Dunmer.
What in the name of the Order of the Black Worm did you just dare to say about me, you little sload? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class at the Sunhold Battlemage Academy, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on the Blades, and I have over 300 confirmed soul captures. I am trained in Renrijra Krin warfare and Im the top wizard in the entire Aldmeri Dominion Expeditionary Force. You are nothing to me but another grand soul. I will obliterate you with arcane prowess the likes of which has never been seen before on this Plane, mark these very words. You think you can get away with shouting that ash to me over the Dreamsleeve? Think again, inferior degenerate. As we interface I am contacting my secret network of Khajiit assassins across Tamriel and your Dreamsleeve-Varliance-Uplink-Signature is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, kwama. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little 100-year-long thing you call your life. Youre inexorably doomed, heretic. Aetherial-Mirror-Memospore-Archive-Beam-Transmission allows me to be anywhere at any time and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and thats just with the school of alteration. Not only am I extensively trained in destruction and mysticism, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the Aldmeri Naval Fleet and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable inferior form off the face of the Wheel, you insipid primitive. If only you could have known what star-blessed retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your insufferable tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the price, you barely-sentient imbecile. I will discharge magicka all over you and you will drown in it. Your life is forfeit, heretic.
Im so lonely here...
Cancer-free version is nice.
Horry sheet! I have the exact same poster as the second picture!
What the fuck was the text of you fucking nigger piece of shit.
 you go, lazyfags.

She kept it because DBZ not because they were his I bet.
Nah, she just took 7 episodes to take 'em out.
Well get the picture he posted too, dumb shit.
Well that was dumb
Op is being more of a faggot than usual.
I could go to /b/ for this shit. Post something more interesting next time.
13
I don't know what I would do without this screencap.
Repost and shitpost you faggot.
Causal field trip to Krakow..
many jewish schools take trips there.source: my jew school did
Hitler Did Nothing Wrong
Not just jewish schools, normal schools do too.
sounds like the perfect place to me
...for rape
That's fucking bullshit. Getting suspended? Because you laughed in the wrong place? 
Oh well
[deleted]
The faggot alarm won't shut off
[deleted]
Srsly how does work
[deleted]
It just jumped up a few notches, are you on the move?
[deleted]
I remember my first curse word
[deleted]

[deleted]
Did you bring condoms?
[deleted]

To be fair, Auschwitz' gas chamber is probably the least appropriate place to laugh on the whole planet.
I laugh in Aussie Wish everyday
i laughed at my grandpa's funeral because of things
I personally would say the Vietnam Veteran Memorial and The Tomb of the Unknowns. Even speaking is inappropriate. The silence is eerie
Although Churchill did bring only his Longbow, Bagpipes an Scottish Broadsword to battle. OP's picture was from a training drill he led with his sword out.
Swords are obviously superior. You don't have to reload a sword. A sword is still sharp if you get it wet but most firearms will not fire if wet. A sword won't melt if you stab too many people quickly but a gun barrel will melt if you shoot to many bullets quickly and the aim will be off. Trollolo
CAPTAIN CAAAAAAVEMAAAAAAAN!
10/10 fucking lol'd
OP is dirty ass fullscreen-browser scum.
Guns for show, knives for a pro.
Rocks are for firthy Amewican pirgs.  Amewican pirgs too cowardry to fight with hands?  You want to fight with rock?  Too bad, you get my karate chop.  
"berry-picker as fuck" has my vote for new common insult
I second that motion. Raise of hands, all those in favor?
He probably thinks the katana is the greatest sword to exist.
"A swordsman such as myself..."
Holy mother of neck beard
And its funny because when OP tries to defend his neckbeard honor with his sword one day he'll get double tapped. 
I've actually had the pleasure of pulling a gun on a katana fag. 
Watch out for this bad ass.
He's killed people. 
your title is such shit
Your title is shit "Red Beard"
How the fuck does "Anon deliver"? You're fucking retarded
I agree with him, actually
fuck you
I agree with him, actually
[deleted]
I agree with him, actually
fuck you

Fuck you
I agree with him and his fornication for the sole purpose of procreation.
So euphoric
I agree with him, actually
fuck you
10/10
This would be funny if we were still in 2003 
Hey neighbor, may I borrow a Cupid sides. 
These kinds of posts always make me check that the picture isn't actually some scary GIF
Trust me, It isn't. and it wasn't on /x/ either. I think. 
So many memories coming back.
"playing runscape"."trying to remember what it felt like to pk".Runescape has Mother/Earthbound elements in it? I might have to play that shit now...
Too late. It will never be the same
>this faggot is still there jerking off.>this faggot.>faggot.like OP has the right to call anyone a faggot especially after this
Blows my mind that poor people played this instead of wow
it was free, not that surprising 

That cave with all the different levels pissed me off
Best thing I ever read
honestly, i had so much fun with that game but all good things have to come to an end
What?
What what in the butt
It was from another green text. 
Flash1: Bsale!!!!111!!!1!1!!1
This literally made me lol
Can't afford dragon? Faggot.
LOL dragon scimmys? Wtf are you level 60? Real pkers use rune N00B

I dont see any faces
Oh man you should post this in . or 
Or not . because it doesn't belong there.
2007scape isnt a circlejerk like r/runescape
I just meant that it shouldn't be posted there because it has absolutely nothing to do with 2007scape. 2007scape refers specifically to the version of Runescape released in February, not just anything about "the good 'ol days" of Runescape.

i fucking miss runescape. awesome times when i was a kid
Zezima is love, zezima is life
Zezima is planet. 
This is so nostalgic, I had so many good times on RS
Trimming all armor press 999
Free lobbyz show inv
They released an old school version
...filled with bots
Just the way I remember it.
Not really the bots do all the stuff most legit players don't do
Because there is no room for legit players.
What did you expect?
I hope this catches on
As do I
It's . Zezima. We don't need another. 
Ur a faget


Simpler times, my friend. When there was a rune scimmy in every bank account and a lobby in every pot.
I don't care if it makes sense, this had me coughing.
For anyone who doesnt get it, this is pretty much pointing out the issues with AMD and NVidia cards:.AMD has been known to have some crazy driver issues (oddly enough, that's NVidia at the moment.).Nvidia on the other hand ran extremely hot, especially in the 400 (fermi) series of cards.
So is it saying Nvidia's drivers are better or not? I have no idea what it means.
[deleted]
I personally own a 770. Fast, cool, and reliable. And drivers work, unlike AMD. Plus the new Shadowplay is coming out, and it'll rock.
[deleted]
Mmhmm agreed
err.
i dont
This shit is fucking rich
....why George Zimmer of all people
Is the N on his shirt representing NeOgaf?
Had to scroll a long way to see a dick. Very disappointed
Did OP pay out? I'm guessing not
HS and DBZ awwww yeaah
These are bad.
I think this is fake
Uploading your own posts, god your such a faggot
Well sheeeeeeiiiiittt
Is this the Joker's origin story?
Ovens don't get hot enough to melt gold or silver..Dumbass
:I
When crouching prevents you from falling, it's limiting your movement to the very end of your block. Without crouching you can stand on the very edge of a block, this is just very difficult. Thus, if you uncrouch on a block you shouldn't fall. You also move much more slowly, so I'd imagine such an OCD character as yourself would notice..OP is faget

Good thing you pointed that out, I would have believed this story 100% if not for you little guy!
I do what I can.
Expected this turn of events.
Yeah. I was gonna just whine about dying in Minecraft, then elaborated.
You must be fucking stupid to be mislead by your own fucking posts.
I don't think you get the whole "Anonymous" thing.
Good point.
At least have the decency to admit you edited your comment instead of covering up your failures.
Did you just screencap your own post for internet points?
He did!
You're damn right I did.
So you wrote this story?
You mad, bruh bruh?
Saw the title and knew it was you aha
People interact on the internet for friends.

I like the Detroit comment.
Holy shit, they mentioned my county!.Not that it's important, but still made me happy.
What breed of potato was this taken with?
Mspaint
that ended on a high note
Purple - Anti matter.That escalated quickly.
I love how raids have devolved from actual death and fear to faggots on the internet literally adrenaline rushing over multi facebook posts.
What do you mean?
How do you quantify respect? 
What the fuck is happening to her face!
It's fake. 
photoshop happend.
Her dad fucked . thing.
I fucking HATE those 1 like= 1 prayer things 
1 like = 1 prayer.. Because both are equally useless and annoying

It's true, we're pretty bad
LIONS. - Do I need to say more?
/thread
[deleted]
3 words. poor dental  hygiene 
at least op cropped it out.
You're not the US of A baby!!
It's the best sporting nation in the world because of the supporter culture. We don't just go for the event, we go because it's just what we do. That's how it is, and how it has been for generations now. Sporting nations aren't solely determined by skill as that can change generation by generation. Sporting nations should be determined by its history and culture..In America most of your clubs are franchises which move from city to city, you can't develop that culture.
Only the unpopular franchises move. The Cincinatti Reds were founded 5 years before the Arsenal FC.
No it wasn't.
But it took longer than 10 seconds 
Arsenal might've moved, and so may have Wimbeldon, but the reality is the entire "franchise" concept in American sport destroys the spectator culture and tradition found in English sport.
I don't think you're correct to say it destroys the culture and tradition found in English sport. It's a completely different culture yes, but in no way is it ruined. There are plenty of storied franchises with generations of diehard fans.
The important word there is "generations." I mean look, I've no idea about most American clubs and I don't pay attention, but even I've heard of the Green Bay Packers.
Well, it took him 1 minute and 26 seconds to answer so I guess he is disqualified.
Not doing too bad at Wimbledon this year 
We are only good at sitting down sports: rowing, cycling, sailing that kind of stuff as well as Rugby and cricket ;)
Judging from the title I expected this to be a /thread post
Lions Tour says otherwise
the fuck is a Lions Tour?
Rugby tour where a team of British and Irish players go South to play against either South Africa, Australia or New Zealand as they're the best 3 teams in the world.
Ireland scoffs at your claim. (The UK can't just claim Ireland, see how that turned out last time one of us made such a "declaration")
Hey we worked together! We both put down those dirty Aussies!
True story, fine walloping they got today too.
Top work by Sexton btw, though being Welsh I'm thoroughly enjoying laughing at Gatland's critics for filling a side full of us SS's
Ah he was competant, not totally at his best though. I put that down to him not being allowed to control the kicking like he would at Leinster. Obviously that's down to the type of players you have around you and what tactics suit depending on who is on the opposition team sheet. Long story short, him playing at 10 in the Lions didn't give him much chance to shine, box kicks and kicking away possession makes him look half as talented as he is actually is. It suited the Welsh boys though and worked today, thank fuck!
Ay you're right, there is a slight problem in the Lions of player's not playing as well as they're not afforded the same chances! I still think he played well though, under the pressure!
Ah yeah, don't get me wrong, i'm not bashing him. I think if a person understands the actual strategy involved in rugby, they would probably appreciate these things. The only Irish player that Gatland's preferred style of play suited in the tests was probably Paul O' Connell, and the poor guy got a bad knock. Conor Murray had good innings, in that a good scrum half would look great if he's got a load of heavy dude playing around him, which he did. Sean O' Brien was solid but put him at 6 and he'll look twice as impressive, it's a curse and a blessing that he can play at 6, 7 and 8. He'll definitely get picked but if he's not at 6 the stats will be impressive but it doesn't look like he has flair, which he really does, in spades..The rest of the boys didn't get a chance. That goes for a lot of the squad, from all over UK / Ireland selected for Lions: on a different day, against a different opposition (which calls for a different game plan) all these guys could shine. They don't just give out Lions jerseys. .TLDR - BOD was gutted but understands, knowledgeable Irish fans do too and for all the guff said about Gatland i'd shake his hand if I met him../ end rant
Understandable rant, and I agree with your points. Unlike the English we can see the strengths of each others players (looking at you Brian Moore)
You've to take Brian Moore with a pinch of salt, he's just click bait for ad revenue. He'll pepper undeniable common sense in with nonsense, infuriating stuff. I wonder does he believe a lot of the twaddle he comes out with? 

Only 56 million people but ranked 3rd in terms of Gold medals at the 2012 Olympics, I'd say the UK ain't to bad at sports. 
aint "to" good at English either, apparently. 
Wasn't ten seconds.
Andy Murray just won Wimbledon. America came nowhere near to winning.
FAIL!!!! It took him 86 seconds!
Britain is not good at anything

Why did that story start out as incredibly hilarious for me, but end as oddly inspiring? Anyone get that feels?
Its not like we have a Brit competing in hos fourth straight grand slam final tomorrow morning (not including French Open as he didnt play there)
I wonder why we suck so much at sports we invented?? 
So all the gay ass sports only rich, white people play because it's easier on their joints.
What? Since when was cycling or rugby rich white people sports? My dad used to row and grew up in a working class family. I'm confused by your logic here.
How are they gay? I bet you think American 'football' and baseball aren't crap right?
......you don't sit down in football or baseball...
Or in Cricket, Rugby and Golf..
Rowing is definitely a rich person sport in the UK at least.
Bette not let . see this...
What are they going to do? Start losing a fight and need the US to come save them?
Soooo....we'll start with the fact that Wiggins wins the tour de France clean unlike the USAs drugged up mule (also Froome killing it today), then onto the tennis with Murray in the final (I know, Scottish but that is a union jack in OP), and then there's Hamilton on pole for the German gp. The obv British ( and Irish) lions victory. I'd like to see the US of A win a at a sport they didn't 'invent' (hell even baseball was a British invention) .  And b4 there is any talk on athletics, fine a country that big will find it easier to find ppl to win. Hence the reply of only,ipic medals per capita earlier.
Rugby is not easy on the joints.
Well that's just incorrect. 
You have to love the Englishman who can morph Scotsman, Irishman and Welshman into his own newly-formed team of 'UK-man', just so he can think . team won something for once.
Who is leading the tour de France right now? A Brit.Who is in the Wimbledon final tomorrow? A Brit.Who is on pole for tomorrow's German grand prix? A brit.Who won the Lions tour yesterday? The British (and Irish).Suck it rotw!
Back to back World War champions? America. 
gg redcoat.
Americas saying we're not good at sports, do they even know what excercise is over there?
it's the thing we do to beat you in wars and Olympic games.
Last time you fought the British in a war we burnt your "Capitol" down.
and we . won
How come all the american films are about you guys getting ass raped? Or is that just every day life over there?
I am not so sure about that.
It's that time when they lift their arm to take a bite of their double whopper and take a sip of their extra-fat milkshake.
Not quick enough.
What's that? Can't hear you all the way down there in 28th place, USA. 
How the fuck does that work? How about, instead of making it medals per capita, you make it medals per person in the actual Olympics? That would make way more sense.
Isn't that what it does, except for people per medal instead of the other way around? If you want, you can divide one by whatever number you want to convert.
measuring the medals per capita doesn't prove anything. The Olympics, however, prove that our best are better than any other countries best. Dividing the amount of medals by the population is a sorry-ass excuse for your country.
I see what you're trying to say here, but that would only be a valid point if every nation brought the same amount of people to the Olympics. 
It's not like the US brings an amount of athletes proportional to our population compared to other countries. 
Except it's not. The USA has so much success because of it's massive talent pool and geography, not that the people are better..It also seems like your changing your point. How doesn't people per medal prove anything? It shows that the US only won more than some countries by population..When your best are selected from a much larger pool, of course you'll have more success. If we combined France, Britain and Spain, they would have more medals with less people.
geography? How exactly does that help us? .You just proved yourself wrong. Population isn't the deciding factor in who gets the most medals.
What about India and china?
India in particular isn't interested in Olympic sports. They sent very few people to the Olympics.
Try explaining instead of just stating, cause nothing your saying makes sense..My point is that the US isn't better than any other western country. It just has more gold medals because it has more people..How doesn't the fact that other countries get more medals per person than the states matter?.How doesn't population effect the Olympics? You get more chances at elite athletes..The geography allows much easier training and a wider range of environments. Not many other countries have the variety of weather patterns and population the states does.
Ok, I'll agree with you on the geography part. However, you stated that the US has the most medals because we have huge population. I find many problems with that. #1, if that were true, China would have by far the most medals in the world, and any other country with a greater population than the US would have more medals than the US. #2, you stated yourself that if we combine Spain, Britain, and France together, they would have more medals than the US, with less people. To me, that proves that population isn't the deciding factor, because obviously, that wouldn't be the case if it was..There are simply too many exceptions for that population excuse to be true. 
a) I specified Western in that last reply. China doesn't give everyone nearly the same chances to prove athleticism. .b)My point was that the USA has so many medals because it's got a large population. Not that population is a deciding factor. My example only further proved it. If the USA was better without population, it would have more medals than those three countries combined. Therefore, it's population number inflates the actual skill of the country.
No, it wouldn't. I really don't see how that's doing anything but proving my point. Those three countries combined have a lower population than the US, so according to you, they should have less medals. .Seeing as those are completely different countries, I don't see the relevance of combining their medal counts to try to prove that the best athletes in the US aren't the best in the world.

More opportunities per person in the US and Western countries versus India and China.
Well no because more people in a country means a higher chance of better athletes
That's retarded logic.
Athletes aren't born into the Olympics. They train their whole lives to go there. Population has nothing to do with it. The Olympics don't prove that we have a higher population of athletes. It proves that the best in the US are the best in the world.
Of course population has a lot to do with it. If only %1 of the population has what it takes to become an elite athlete, then the country with the higher population will have more potential elite athletes.
Again, people aren't born into the Olympics. It's not some freak occurrence if someone is a good athlete. It a lifetime of training. There isn't some set chance of someone training in a sport for their entire lives. 
Face palm! Exactly. I don't understand the breakdown in logic. Well financed elite training + large pool to pick talent from + well financed Olympic team = more Olympic medals than most. .Anyone still not getting it, just google something like "link between wealth and Olympic medals". Find something that actually proves American exceptionalism without these and i'm all ears.
If you're American maybe.
*correct
Yes, because for example, coming 3rd in the Olympic medals table means 'Britain' are shit at sport..Or are you forgetting 'GB' doesn't mean 'England'. .Edit: For that matter, 'UK' don't compete any sports
Here, lemme refill that bowl of crisps for you.
Bloody bastard. Uwotm8. Etc. Etc. Etc.
u w0t m8? il fukin cum to yer home n downvote u m8. kros me 1 more tme I swr m8 do it.
You mean I could have screencapped this shitpost I just saw and get easy karma? Fuck me.
We are good at Darts. That's a sport.
Is that a real sport? I thought that was something to do at bars while you are bored
Darts players are true athletes look at Phil the Power Taylor
If the US can consider Nascar a sport then Darts is definitely a sport.
True! It takes hardly any physical skill to drive a car fast...
Can't tell if sarcasm or baiting.
Not true. F1, touring car racing, rally and all that are sports. Nascar is driving fast in a circle. That's just dull. 
The only difference is right turns, not enough to differentiate from my daily commute.
If you drive like that on your daily commute I'm surprised you are still allowed to drive.
The Olympic 100m dash is just running fast in a line. That's just dull.
At least it's physical. Not just driving fast and turning to the left sometimes. 
Nascar drivers can lose up to ten pounds in a single race..They experience up to 3G on turns.
So do racers in other disciplines, but they have a much harder task when they race because they do more than put their foot down and make long left turns. 
So Nascar is more endurance than skill/reflexes.
How long the turn is, is relative to the speed of the vehicle. How many other races have cars going in to turns at 200 mph?

*pubs
*bars
*pubs
*bars.it is the only way
Pars
bubs
*pubs.whats a bar?
It's the thing that barristers do something with.
A pole
an establishment that primarily serves alcohol..synonyms: tavern, pub
a pub
but it's called a bar
*Pub
It's a pub you cunt 
We need more sports only we play, create world-series for them and not invite any other countries. 
Yeah because only Americans are allowed to play in the World Series, right?
Any team is invited to the world series if they are part of the MLB. Just other countries besides Canada haven't entered. 
It's a stupid game anyway, we don't . to play your wonky rugby.
I was talking about baseball, not American football.
Exactly, . wonky rugby.
Well America wins in the Olympics every year which is likely the largest sporting event(s). .Edit: I edited something.
We had a nice win back in 2011 too.
2013 olympics were my favourite

Football World cup's easily the largest sporting event the world has to offer.
The . World Championship
that is overly British
But im American and i play that. So fuck you, red coat!

UK doesn't even participate in most sports as a nation. 
Sure they do, just not American ones like everyone else.
Other than the Olympics, in what major sports does the UK have a team? Not the constituent countries. The UK.
Team Sky. 
Not constituent? An England team is still a UK team and we have lots of England teams as well as Welsh and Scottish teams. That's just how we roll, sharing countrymen in the same team doesn't seem to be popular. Shame else we'd nab Gareth Bale for the England football team..Also although they're not team sports, Formula 1, Golf and Tennis are GB represented.
That Bale is pretty damn good, isn't he? I'm praying he stays with Spurs...
[deleted]
There is a UK football team?
None of those sports have UK teams.
not american football
[deleted]
Wow, you are truly a moron.
That's England, you're link even says that the next game is against Scotland. 
[deleted]
Obligatory: 
UK? Engand? who gives a shit. Next thing your gonna tell me that the chinks are different from the japs.
Alaska? Canada? who gives a shit. Texas? Mexico? who gives a shit. It might not seem like it to you, but these are actually pretty similar arguments to the one you're making.
I really couldn't give a shit about the differences between any of those places. Color me apathetic.
Next thing I'm going to tell you is that "your" and "you're" are different words, you illiterate ignoramus.
your right, there isn't a difference, you daft cunt,
As much as Team Sky dominate, it's hardly a British team, a lot of the riders are foreign and Shane Sutton is Australian. 
The British and Irish Lions in rugby.  I watched them demolish Australia last night.

The british and Irish Lions in rugby.  I watched them demolish Australia last night.  ( ^_^) .Let me fix that for you (automated comment unflipper) 
That's a poor argument. The UK is still better at soccer than the USA, regardless of the fact that there are four football teams. 
The fuck are you talking about? What "argument?" My original comment was: "UK doesn't even participate in most sports as a nation." That was my "argument." Are you a complete idiot, or just British?
It came across to me as a pretext to an argument whereby you would say that the UK don't participate in sports, rather the constituent countries do. .There's no need to be angry, friend. 
Chill out you fucking goon head.
If it was just a pretext, why did you characterize it as an argument?
Because if it was a pretext you were going to use it for an argument. So I denounced your argument pre-emptively, obviously. 
This is why I hate the internet.
Because people use big words you don't like?

What the bloody hell did you just fucking say about me, you cheeky cunt? Ill have you know I graduated bottom of my class in Secondary School, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on Tesco, and I have over 300 confirmed ASBOs. I am trained in Chav welfare and Im the top drinker in the entire estate. You are nothing to me but just another wanker I'm going to mug. I will shank you with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Council Estate, mark my bloody words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, twat. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of lads across the estate and your phone number is being traced right now so you better prepare for the being on the Jeremy Kyle Show, bum-boy. The programme that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking dead, mate. I can be at any flat, anytime, and I'll fucking deck you in over seven hundred ways, and thats just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in shoplifting from Kwik-Save, but I have access to the entire arsenal of my mate Harry's Shed, and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable bum off the face of the continent, you little gob-shite. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I'll hook you in the gabber, I swear on me mum. Youre fucking decked, mate.
Well damn if fhat wasnt a new take on it. Well done.
The thing is, people don't realize the work that goes into properly doing copypasta. They think copypasta is something that slackers can do, or faggots, or assholes. It's not true. Copypasta is a dying artform and if you don't see that, I don't know what's wrong with you. First of all, you sacrifice spending real time on reddit. You can't participate as much as you'd like to because you're so busy doing copypasta that you can't. As a result, you miss a lot of really great comments. Still, it's a sacrifice, so you do it. There's also the problem of "Flood detected". This message can really hurt your progress. You should try to get your copypasta into every active comment and if you have to sit there waiting before the flood period is over, you lose valuable time. This is also very difficult. Also, picking which comment should get a copypasta first are sort of difficult. There are comment that don't stay on the first page for very long, so you may be missing some of the more prominent comments. Of course, you should try to hit them all, but for the desire effect, you need to get into bigger comments quickly. Finally, there's the moral problem. One thing about copypasta is that sometimes it feels good, but sometimes it feels bad. .BTW, this wasn't a copypasta, I just typed it out.
This has not made my day but my week. I wish I could thank you face to face.
Wot the fok did ye just say 2 me m8? i dropped out of newcastle primary skool im the sickest bloke ull ever meet & ive nicked ova 300 chocolate globbernaughts frum tha corner shop. im trained in street fitin' & im the strongest foker in tha entire newcastle gym. yer nothin to me but a cheeky lil bellend w/ a fit mum & fakebling. ill waste u and smash a fokin bottle oer yer head bruv, i swer 2 christ. ya think u can fokin run ya gabber at me whilst sittin on yer arse behind a lil screen? think again wanka. im callin me homeboys rite now preparin for a proper scrap. A roomble thatll make ur nan sore jus hearin about it. yer a waste bruv. me crew be all over tha place & ill beat ya to a proper fokin pulp with me fists wanka. if i aint satisfied w/ that ill borrow me m8s cricket paddle & see if that gets u the fok out o' newcastle ya daft kunt. if ye had seen this bloody fokin mess commin ye might a' kept ya gabber from runnin. but it seems yea stupid lil twat, innit? ima shite fury & ull drown in it m8. ur ina proper mess knob.
That's as many as three hundreds. And that's terrible.
You can, mate: 

Lost it right here.
Needs worse spelling.
That's what you get for shitposting all night britbongs.
This took 1:26 to respond. OP wins.
Well, he had to reply before anyone else did.
came here for this comment
then what happened
C'mon Kraynz, don't keep us waiting!!
pls respond
Pls
When u factor in the time zone difference...he actually responded 4 hours and 34 minutes before the comment was made...'Murica wins, again.
Was about to complain about the time thing til I saw this.  'Murica.  

u wot m8

shiggy
gtfo m8 no1 cares about dat shit 
We invented cricket and rugby so that we could always win a sport no one else can understand. 
And we suck at them both.
/thread
But.  Lions! 

and swimming
Incorrect, the British and Irish Lio s have just tanked the Aussies and England were ranked number one in the world at cricket not that long ago, winning the World T20 as well I might add. Regardless of your opinion of these sports, it's hardly 'sucking' material.
They blow at cricket
You say that as if England aren't currently ranked second in Test and ODI cricket and favourites to win The Ashes...
U wot m8
True, but to be honest who cares about cricket? It's one of those nobody sports, one's we'd happily pass to the colonies for them to have a go at. "Here you are boys, have these sticks and this shitty bat and rock. Go sort this out whilst we pillage this area". 
Jog on u fukin mug. i'll do your fuckin nees in pal.
Maybe if you followed sports more than making accusations you'd realise the English are the 2nd best Cricket nation in the world (and expected to win the Ashes) as well as number 4 in Rugby. 
and soccer and golf and tennis
Dude, your test cricket team is the best in the world at the moment and are the favourite for the ashes this year (even though its being played in Aus.) The British and Irish Lions just molested the Wallabies last night and Andy Murray is playing in the final of Wimbledon tonight.
You guys are doing really well at the moment and as an Australian, that pains me.
No way are the England cricket team the best in the world right now.  That's South Africa.  The British and Irish Lions just molested us last night that i'll concede.  Andy Murray's not gonna win (hopefully).
You have to admit though that, in terms of sport, they have moved forward leaps and bounds in the last few years. As an Australian, English or British teams in general were a joke. Now they are more often that not beating us.
Don't forget rowing. Dem Germans 
That's just one reason more. You invented cricket and rugby.
Yes, but 'Murcia owns swimming.
See you at the ashes mate!
Umm a lot of people. It is the most popular sport in many nations including India which is roughly 1/6 of the worlds population. It is maybe 2nd or 3rd place in terms of sports after Soccer/Football and maybe Tennis.
Pah. Any Englishman that poo poos cricket is no true Englishman.
Lions just won their first series in ages and we're expected to win the Ashes, so what the hell are you on about? 
Isn't that exactly what the US did with Baseball and American football? At least other countries play our bloody games. And before someone chimes in with "japan play baseball", stop being a fucking idiot. That doesn't make it a sport worthy of having the "world series". 
English people get pissed as shit when you diss them. 
Ummm yeah it does. The best team in the world wins.
Best team in the US and Japan. They didn't play anyone else how the fuck would they know. 
Because noone else is near the level of MLB teams. The best players in the world from all over it are in the MLB. Most happen to be from the US though.
Sydney Swans won the recent Australian Football championship.  So by this logic they are World champions.  The only teams that are worthy of the title are the Spanish football team and the New Zealand Rugby team.
This is because no one else in the world bothers to play the sport though. There could be much better players in other places in the world but because the sport isn't really a World sport they wouldn't know. Calling it the World Series is still a bit dumb in my opinion. World Cup for football and Rugby make sense because they're world sports that more than two countries participate in. 
How? Rugby isn't even played by half the world. You can say the same about it. Same with Soccer/Football. China and India and many other nations are not exposed much to those two sports. .There could be much better players in other places in the world but because the sport isn't really a World sport they wouldn't know. Calling it the World Championship is still a bit dumb in for your opinion. World Cup for football and Rugby doesn't sense because they're world sports that every country participate in..From your logic no sport should have a world championship. Rugby is hardly international. It is played in a handful of nations. Cricket and Tennis are much better examples. Also, Baseball is played in more than 2 countries.
Football (Soccer) is a world sport bro
China and India aren't exposed to soccer? They have national teams what the hell are you talking about
Yes but many people never even consider soccer because both nations are not that involved in it. 
Have you ever been to either country? Tons of people play soccer in both.. 

WTF are you talking about? If people in other parts of the world don't know about the sport, there's a zero percent chance that they'd be better than the players in the MLB (many of which aren't American, by the way). BTW, check out the World Baseball Classic. There are plenty of countries that play.
But it isn't in every country. I am just pointing out how stupid his argument is.
the majority of countries play soccer at some level or another.  It's the closest we have to a world sport by a long margin. 

Ummmmm no, if you mean national teams, America plays other nations and wins. 
I stated that the Sydney Swans should consider themselves world champions (they don't) at Australian Football because no other team on the planet would beat them.  This is what US teams do in MLB and the NFL.  Yes, no other team on the planet would win but again no other country really plays those sports (Gridiron especially).  .America has the best basketball team on Earth but i can't think of any other major team sports (football, rugby, cricket as examples) where the US regularly beat other nations. 
Running outside of a few races, swimming, track and field, Moto cross,the X games sports, many of the sports in the Olympics.
note "team" sports

Although that's true with American Football (I could care less about this sport) I'm pretty sure Puerto Rico, Mexico, Costa Rica, Canada, Cuba, Spain, The Netherlands, Argentina, South Korea, Italy, Russia, Brazil, Panama, and many others compete in the Baseball World Cup. Hell, a lot of the times the US doesn't even win in Baseball. Puerto Rica won last time, if I'm not mistaken.
An Englishman just won the US Open..England are the best at football out of all the Anglo-sphere nations. A Scotsman is in the final at Wimbledon tomorrow. The Lions just beat Australia in the test series. We came third in the Olympics medal count (considering our tiny population compared to the US and China). Wales are Six Nations Champions. England are Junior Rugby World Cup champions. 
i was supporting the uk yell at someone else
Sorry..I thought you were implying that the British suck at Soccer, Golf and Tennis as well as Cricket and Rugby.
well i was, but in a usual pessimistic british way so it's ok
Tell that to the British Lions?
Tell that to the non-British players on the British and . Lions team.
Yes brother! Rugby Union is the true British sport.
All the countries Britain once colonized now kick their ass in the sports they were taught.
Including wiff waff which used to be played on the dining tables of the aristocracy. Also known as ping pong and table tennis.
Also, all of the countries that England once colonized are now having their citizens immigrate there in huge numbers. 
Absolutely untrue. We still dominate at cricket and rugby. 
Except for the fact that we just beat the Wallabies in Rugby and have been smashing it at the ashes for the last few years :P
New Zealander here to offer you guys any assistance you might need in how to play rugby. 
That team was mainly irish and welsh anyway.... England couldnt beat the wallabies
I don't see an English flag in OPs post.
I guess the english flag isnt in the Union jack. 
The Union Jack is in the Hawaiian flag, doesn't make it British or English.
True
not like a humble brag or anything
We + Ireland, right? Don't be draggin us Irish into your braggin, we got enough mindless nonsense to get irrate over, thank you very much.
Like not being done being England's bitch, so you need to share a team with them for a sport?
Yes, of course. 
Absolute smashed the Wallabies today all the same. Although, Ireland is officially in mourning (you know, black arm bands, flags at half mast) over the assassination of our God. The President was on TV declaring fatwa on Warren Gatland. Mixed emotions.
Personally think the Pundits were out of line, especially towards JD. Can't blame him for merely being selected..Keith Wood has lost all my respect and Gatland has earned all my praise (even more so than before considering all the work he's done with the Wales squad too) for sticking with his guns and making a tough call which ultimately paid off. Who knows what might have been different if BOD had started, however, it's all done and dusted now and the Lions have successfully beaten the Wallabies and that's what ultimately matters. .Bring on the Autumn internationals.
I'm a bit biased but I have to say, it was a fair enough blow to the Irish so I can understand some of the bitterness to be honest. I feel equally sorry for JD, (he had a fine match today, a try and a sweet cross pitch kick to set up a line out on their try line, solid in the rest of his game, i'm impressed) the pressure he must had been under because of all this nonsense in the media must have been terrifying and it was totally unwarranted towards him. .Saying that, I don't know if it did pay off, as good as JD was, I don't know if he would have made more of an impact than BOD, my gut says it wouldn't have made any difference after seeing how the match panned out. We'll never know so no need to dwell on it now I suppose.
Ha, yes, good one. I've come over all irrate again. I can never tell when I get a lame comment like yours whether the person replying to me is genuinely retarded or just can't muster the intelligence or wit to think of a good burn. You certainly got me this time, well done my boy.
You guys just dominate and don't even come into the argument. NZ is in a league of it's own and everyone else is waiting for some sort of paradigm shift through which they can catch up.
It's easy when it's all you've got. .Little known fact, all resources from our agriculture sector go to our rugby enhancement programs. All profits from the LotRs and the Hobbit are funneled directly to NZRU. .Our entire economy is based around rugby... as well as our self worth. 
except for soccer
Catchin up though.
The US won the Group C in the 2010 World Cup. 
[deleted]
Sorry I forgot Everton (Tim Howard), Aston Villa (Brad Guzan), Stoke (Geoff Cameron and Brek Shea), Hoffenheim (Fabian Johnson), Nurnberg (Tim Chandler), Hannover (Steve Cherundolo), Schalke (Jermaine Jones), Malaga (Onyewu) and Roma (Michael Bradley) are no longer in "major" european leagues. 
I don't know what any of those things are that you just said. And I can't believe other countries have men playing a girls sport and fans that take it seriously. Do you guys play field hockey too?  Maybe we could round up 20 of or most effeminate men to play you and then you can brag what you beat is by one goal. 
Wat?
And we should have won the 09 confederations cup
Brazil and Argentina own soccer. Brits lose again
Spain are the World Champions.
Brazil beat them in the confederations cup which is a much better indicator because it is recent.
Or a much worse indicator because it is a Mickey Mouse competition.
and it was in Brazil with a referee that gave every decision to Brazil...
Only the US plays soccer though.
it is literally just another word for football but since a majority of reddit is american i decided to use the american wording
Soccer?
like football, futbol, kicktheballinthenetball? 
Fitbaw
ya and brazil just won the confederations cup by blowing spain out of the water, they still aren't actually better than spain
....If a team beats another team in a high pressure game, it is better.
USA beat Spain 2-0 in the Confederations cup in the semi final in 2009. That's a semi final of an international tournament, does that mean USA were better than Spain?
At that moment, yes.
So when a team beat another team, they are superior in skill to the other team no matter what other factors may come in at the time?
Not necessarily. That game yes, but if the game had bad reffing or something than no. As a team, on that day, USA was better. The day before and after, Spain was better. The week after Spain was better but that day they were not. Brazil is close to Spain in terms of skill. The Confederations Cup was a game that made the two swap positions in terms of being a better team for many people.
ya england is dropping and the US is on the way up
Because the US holding a World Series for its internal sports is a good way of showing they're the best?
That joke made sense 50 years ago, but now all the top international players . playing the MLB.
[deleted]
My apologies old boy.
Hey hey...theres a canadian team.
There used to be two.  Until we moved one to our capital...
neither of those are ex-british colonies and really spain and germany own international soccer
You're telling me the English national team has any chance at the world cup?
1966
0 chance
The U.S. almost won the Women's World Cup.
That would have been embarrassing. 
And I tied my shoelaces this morning. .Both of these are equal accomplishments. 
I think it's a little tougher to tie one's shoes than to win a women's championship.
They are not even comparable. My dog was constipated and successfully pushed out the fecal matter. Even that is a greater accomplishment
Not if you're a man
 women's sports
more than any country they colonized which is what the comment i replied to said
[deleted]
britain doesn't play together, scotland, wales, and northern ireland didn't even make the world cup and england lost to germany while america lost to ghana
At this point they have about the same chance as the US does. (Not saying England isn't better than the US in football, just that neither of them will stand a chance next year)
*rugby
Nope, I'm talking about Football (soccer), I was replying to what I assumed to be a Brit so I spoke the lingo. 
Neither will win certainly, but I reckon us Brits will get to the quarter finals. That's usually where we get up to. And then we fall. Really badly..EDIT: Fuck, I messed up badly - should be "us English" not "us Brits". Damn...
lost in penalties in the Euros which wasn't too much of a meltdown
Still a better chance than the US which kinda was the point being made.
Eh.. Don't underestimate the USA this year, I wouldn't be suprised at all if we quartered. If anything US is on a huge upswing and England's over the hill
Should be "we Englishmen," actually.
Nah it felt worse. I guess because it was so tense and so close.
it was england in penalties i already had no hope
Brits?
Oh shit! I fucked up royally there...
Europeans should know this is how southerners feel when you refer to all Americans as 'Yanks'

wtf/10
You gotta get your liquor before you arrive in the ghetto. What did you expect? Also suspecting this is bullshit. 
Yup, I suspect OP is actually a nigger.

true/10
Totally believable.
Why didn't you post the op pic?
Looks like my ex, she was a cokehead, but a good fuck. 
Is that like banging a chick with Parkinson's?
More  like fucking your mom.
2phresh5me
There must've been more right...?
Not when I saw it, but maybe if it hasn't 404'd yet.
"anon wants a photoshop request"... you do realize what that means, right?
just realized.
Read the last reply in benders voice
/pol/ is so funny, I don't know why I don't go on there 
V.I.V.E.K is really good.
So is stormfront a ghost town now that they've all moved to /pol/?
Yeah it's a little old but I just now uploaded it.
Daft punk the filthy French niggers... Worse than human!
Thank you!
You should kill yourself. It's fun. Bleach is tasty and guns are cool.

Filthy French frogs that make songs with filthy niggers. 
Thanks, because this was such great wait, so worth the content.
Thanks, because this was such great content, so worth the wait.
Thanks, because this was such great content, so worth the wait.
Thanks, because this was such great wait, so worth the content.
Thanks, because this was such great content, so worth the wait. 
Thanks, because this was such great content, so worth the wait.
I'm kind of surprised anyone here knows who he is. But yes he is a very good artist.
The gif and the comment don't seem to match up.
It was meant to be a sarcastic comment so I was rolling my eyes.
But do you realize it's not /pol/ or are you attempting to fool me in some way?
Either he is a master ruseman or doesn't know about int. I'm gonna guess the latter.
Is latter the first one or the last one?
Former is the first one, latter is the last one.
Today, you did some good. 
This is /int/
We dont need or want your degeneracy faggot
Hahahaha, NOMAD plz.
Thanks, because this was such great content, so worth the wait.
Thanks, because this was such great content, so worth the wait.
Thanks, because this was such great content, so worth the wait.
Thanks, because this was such great content, so worth the wait.
Well what else would he be
According to . he's  an Argonian.
Looks like George Sr. from Arrested Development
According to /pol/, there are a lot of Argonians living among us.

I couldn't see the funny part, thanx op. You're not
yeah I looked back at it after uploading and was like hmm obvious post is obvious.
What a shit post. 
Those comments....
Wow, it's not the "same questions asked by all" joke. I'm truly surprised at 4chan.
4chan at its best

The best 
I know this picture! It's a banana in a top hat and it says "I find this attire ap.ing"!
Please kill your self.
"I want to beat your brother with a shovel."
Oh hey thanks for typing that out I wasn't quite able to read it properly on the picture.
_
Common sense doesn't exist anymore.. Happy late Independence Day...
Does nobody have fucking locks on their doors?
I actually don't,and it's a pain in the ass whenever I want some privacy.

i also dont get these weird ass moms from these stories. what kind of mom of any boy above the age of 12 walks into her sons room, EVER? makes me not believe the story
A whole fucking lot. 
At least fucking knock first. I'm 17. When I'm naked, fapping, fucking, or doing drugs, I put a note on the outside of my door that says "I'm naked, knock first." People knock, we speak through a closed door. It's so fucking simple.
there you go, no shame, the way it should be
You do drugs in your room with your parents at home?
And when they're gone.
You do drugs in your room with your door closed?
I do them with the door open when no one is home.
Just go outside dumbass.
Why go outside when I can stay inside?
This guy gets it.
3edgy5me
My mom. 
My mom too, but my door has a lock.
Ah, inside locks. How I envy you.
Golf club against handle. I was a resourceful child. 
seriously? sounds fairly disrespectful
It's not. I don't jack it in my room either, too open. So it's never been a real problem. 
ya but thats your personal space. how is it not disrespectful? id feel disrespectful walking into my sisters or mothers room without knocking because thats their space
im 12 DAE moms
That sentence...I don't even....


If OP couldn't hear her say "anon wtf are you doing?" then how did OP know she said that? I call shenanigans. 
Because he asked.
I dunno do you think OP would just lie on the 4th of July and spit in our founders face like that
Oh my god do we need to say that every single time
didn't you get the memo that's how the internet works
What the fuck does he think is happening? Zombies or some shit?
Hahahaha what a dumbass
IT!
lol its 3:29am where i am in TN and theres still people shooting shit off
'Cause 'MURICA! 
Bitch please, cunts are still shooting off fireworks since new years where i live.
Actually would not be surprised if OP was serious for once
Forth of July?
Blast noises?
???
Profit
Blastoise?
haha pokumon fag
Sage
I always liked thunderstorms and fireworks specifically because I pretended it was gunfire and artillery. .During huge thunderstorms as a kid my brother and I used to play war and whenever there was a bright flash we would both yell "INCOMING!" and scramble to get under the couch or bed before the thunder clap. Good fun, it was like pretending to be in the trenches in WWI, or in London during the blitz, or on a child's soccer field in Pakistan while Obongo was president.
Best thing was playing "war" at night during the 4th.
I think you mean Um Bongo.
Yeah its 4th of July, its fireworks
And he's living in America...
MFW he's hiding in the woods because he heard firecrackers.

Do you Even Friction morons
ITT: Rape
to be fair, i picked warm and wet too. 
I pick warm and breathing and i let her sleep until I'm sure it's consensual..fucking neckbeards. Women legitimately love sex as much as guys do. You don't have to rape them just to bust a nut.
OP is a dead body banger
OR dating a no-air-tank diving champion..Mammalian diving reflexes ftw.
Wet.Breathing.I bet cold vagoo feels nice.
Its like cold pizza: you either love it or you hate it, but you never tell anyone you stuck your dick in it.
Eskimo pussy is mighty cold
Until she wakes up and goes "lol yeah I like sex but I like sex from guys who are at my level of hotness, fuck off neckbeard".I'm not trying to advocate rape, but your idea of "she'll totally sleep with me, women love sex" is about as fedora as you can get.
It's this idolized idea that any guy can get any girl they want if they do x, y and z. 
How about a remake.
Attractive and breathing, you can always just warm her up. 
use a heater.
I prefer an oven. Or something bigger.
Hold your horses there, Hitler.
Easy, attractive and warm. Next question. 
I chose none of the 3 like a real man..Alternative, chose not warm and put her in the microwave for a bit.
Personally I figured it would be hard for her to breathe through the horse mask I had put over her head after I tied it off on the bottom around her neck.  Then I would've taken a shower, eaten some hot pockets, and by then she'd be cold and dry anyway.
Piiiiiiiiiiii9iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Pumpernickel is a kind of rye bread you novice. 
White bread gets too soggy...
Seedbread master race checking in
Thats why toast
because toast obviously never gets wet
Rye is jewish, which is why so many people hate it.
Moist, not soggy 

Is this aligory for something or Am I resdonet to much into it?
Sandwich bro feels the pumpernickel dream team. 
Oh my god that fucking gif.infuriates the shit out of me. Like, even such a small glimpse of that person just tells you ten thousand words about what a cunt she is
The world would be a little bit nicer if you off'd yourself, OP.
Yeah... well, if that doesn't work you can always resort to 
Huh. Swear I know a girl that looks like that..Whatever.
Do you like tapes and CD's? Because I'm about to tape my balls to your forehead so you can CD's nuts.
What? .I think you'd want to tape your dick to their forehead unless you want to show them your nut collection.
yes this sounds right. but i don't get the tape part. Why not just use super glue or a stapler? it would be more secure.
[deleted]
1 minute, 1 second > 10 seconds. Faggot.

i'd rate you 7/11, i'll be up all night for you
we need, like, a ....
so edgy
This is like the 4th time this has been posted here summer faggot
That's funny. I remember seeing this here about a month ago....hm.
Oh shut up already
stop
Are you OP?.Because you sure do like sucking dick.
Here's one my dad taught me:.Are those coloured contacts?.Girls go crazy over that shit. 
Instructions unclear, appointment for eye surgery next Wednesday
Good one!
so original wow
I wanted to see a link to the trophy and it's like, "wow, great, trophy for you, clap".Edit: something like this
so shibe.
I don't think this happened.

10/10, would read again when I'm not wasted.
It did. There was also a raid group on Facebook that hit up "4CHAN"'s page pretty hard. Most got perma-banned after a couple of hours. 
Shut the fuck up
Well that was... shit.
i thought the 8/10 was a guy.
[deleted]
what a shit story
What the fuck is this?
haha same had to re-read the green text a couple of times
can't beata beta
learn to spell faggot
any chance anyone has that dog pic at the end?
For more like it, try 
Just Google cunt destroyer
dunno about you, but all I seem to get is pics of OP and most 4chaners... no dogs
You must be awful at google. 


who is she? 
Cheryl Cole, from the girl band Girls Aloud. Dunno if they ever had a hit in America. 
Robert Paulson
oh for fuck sake
I bet all of the responses were ">install gentoo"
There were no responses haha
he looks like a whale jizzed all over him
Young 
Skills.
Brandon crisp?
One might say he almost looks 
needs icicles in nose. 
Cool? Daddio, we are frozen!.(Obscure tmnt 90s cartoon quote).The downvotes indicate that no one knows wtf I'm talking about. Here's a clip:
samefag
I was honestly having a terrible day and this just flipped my mood. So good.
Everyone's saying it looks like cum, all I can see is talcum powder 
OP should give it up. The Irate Gamer will . be cool.
What's cooler than being cool?
Do you want to know what killed the dinosaurs?.THE ICE AGE!
hay guys i found all the children here in this subthread. DAE teletubby?
Everybody! Chill!
Let's kick some ice.
worst movie ever!
I liked when Morgan L. Fishburn narrated the penguins marching.
Hahaah, it's funny because words can have multiple meanings. 
You're a faggot
Oh, so gay is wrong? How awful of you to say. 

I can't hear you!! Sponge Bob Square pants!
I can't hear you!! Sponge Bob Square pants!
looks like someone jizzed all over him
Bukkake!
It always amazes me how much skill some people on 4chan have.
Anyone know how this was done? It really looks cool.
He looks like the Jewish kid from freaks and geeks
Samm "The Ma'am" Levine, AKA Li'l Wolverine
IM NOT RETARDED IM SPESHOLE
Jewish freaks and geeks kid crossed with mark ruffalo

awesome! dat texture
Thanks for underlining the word "cool" for me, OP! I don't think I would have understood the joke otherwise.
OP: reassuring his love for cock to us in every way possible. 
Maybe someone should have underlined the top comment in this thread so you wouldn't have reworded it and said the same thing . said...
Their comments were made a minute apart.
I'm upvoting this one just to spite 

The wierd thing is though, sometimes it becomes visible. Do the mods just want to see how much upfedoras the comments have?
How do I .?
Ah well... I could: 
Give his picture more edges.
Stay frosty
Chill

He's iced out
upsnowden'd
Gee thanks for the blue line under the word cool, would not have seen it otherwise. .Seriously though, that's a pretty good shoop.
I thought he was covered in cum.
50% cum, 50% liquid nitrogen.
Me too :/
That's not cum?!
I love posts that turn into lyrics. Anyone have an album or anything?
I will now go kill myself. But only after I kill OP.
It's their thing. 
Huh? 
Damn cancer
Leading you into a surprise ending. 
Oh yeah no shit. I just love posts that do it
Everybody walk the dinosaur
Like little monks?
No I think he means 
Well, guess I have to go watch Reservoir Dogs now.
sure, let's pretend you actually fetched that one on 4chan.
This song
Shitty post, but I love that damn song.
fuck, walked right into this one.

That's a cover the original version is by stealers wheel
This scene is art. 
Shitty post 

Well I do have the house to myself...
I wonder if she's had previous work with Apple(s)
oh woah i totally have seen some intense bondage/toy porn with her in it.
[deleted]
i just found out one of my buddies is real friends with kari Sweets... jealousy ensues 
OH DAAAAAAAYYYUUUUM
lol
Can someone post a mirror 
hahahahhaa
Hahhahhas
How "queer" is she when half the time some dude is the one drilling her with a dildo?
Not queer as in "gay", but queer as in questioning the concept of normality with her work.
Was hoping it was the Asian instead
[deleted]
Well, hey....at least im interested in something Apple is doing
no even i know who she is and i don't watch porn
lolk
i knew that wouldn't fly here
What the fuck is "queer theory"?
The gathered conclusion from many works of gay curious hypotheses. 
Maybe it's just me but if someone wants to move on, let them. No need to drag out every bad decision (and honestly I don't think porn is automatically a bad decision). 
I'm guessing people aren't ragging on her at all, just on how hilarious it is that Apple is using her. Although if it's just a training video and not a TV spot, I can't really care about that either.
She has done pretty hot lesbian stuff too. I can find a link if you guys would like it
Damn straight I want it
Well, since you offered...
She used to wrestle on Ultimate Surrender...  she always lost except once, but it was still pretty hot.
I thought I recognized her!

Almost as impressive as the time anon recognized a woman at a feminist rally in South America from a bestiality video.
k this story musst be told.
Where is the apple training video?
You want . video?
The porn is all over this thread, i want to see the brainwash apple gives their employees
Companies crack down on whenever their training videos leak online.  I doubt it can be obtained easily.
damn, thanks
Yes. Gotta have dat context.
[deleted]
The clown hippie speaking one that was posted in r/wtf a while back?.I think it was a different chick

OHHH yes please do
DAE think the redhead in the Wendy's commercials is THE BEST?
The creampie MFM video is my favorite.
What's her name?
I know that the little girl, Wendy, who is pictured on your cups and bags, is beautiful, and so is the green green descent into the valley. Within this descent, I can feel the overpowering order within which I am but a temporary eccentricity. This overpowering, anticipated but absent, is beauty. I'd like to spank Wendy's white ass and fuck her hard.
I just want to know if she makes little squeaking sounds. I must know.
Today I was thinking that it might be nice to be able, in ones last days, to move into a Wendys. Perhaps a Wendys life-support system could even be created and given a Wendys slant; liquid fries, for instance, and burgers and Frosties continually dripped into ones vegetable dream locus. It would intensify the visits of the well, too, to see such a care is being taken for their destiny.
One can only hope.
Sauce?
I'd chop off one of my testicles just to see a porno of that hot redhead from the Wendy's commercials and Flo, the Progressive lady getting it on. Same goes for a Boxxy/MsHannaMinx porno.

pretty sure raised meant the NEW wendy's girl. cause the new wedy's girl? yeah. .and FYI fellow redhead admirers. 
fressssssssssssshhhhhhhh
Wendy, dude.
You would think Apple would do some background checking since they are so anti porn.
Or. if she owns any Apple products, Apple will know everything about her already! Guess they just don't care. 
I'd love it if they knew but didn't give a shit. That would be cool.
I doubt apple goes through resumes. She's not an apple employee.  Some marketing / media agency staffed her for ads. Apple didn't know her or didn't care. 
is this the same girl that went to Africa and got naked with the locals.....they've been posting pics of her on /b/ for years.
Sauce?  I know which picture you're talking about but I can't find it.
Shit just got real.....
(REPOSTING from /b/)
why is it so suprising? The whore became a whore.
I wonder if she puts that on her resume
Couldn't hurt. 
Very NSFW . to a clip of the dinner party this anon mentioned. It might be another dinner party, but fuck it, how many dinner parties can Chloe Camilla have starred in?
.
as many as she wants. xD
feels bad 
Find better friends.
That was weird as shit
Agreed.
because I know you will ask here is her ANAL training video, I don't know if her Apple training video is online.....

You have to take this much cock in your ass to be an Apple man
U rock 
Lords work son ... ah screw it. I just wanted to masturbate.
She's alright, actually.
She is so queer she got a dick in her ass but it's ok she pretended to be a guy when it was happening.
That guy has a nice voice.
You know nuthing Jon Snow...
Yew nuh nuhthin Jon Snuh. 
This joke.. Is not funny.. 
And yet they rape all of their customers in the ass on a constant basis. Who would've thunk.
I heard Steve Jobs' ghost haunts all of the iPad minis that Apple said they would never make.
Toldasaurus Rex
  
I knew I had seen here from efukt
rofl it's like speaking in tongues for pretentious activist-warrior feminist cunts
ahahahaa.... thanks for that, i needed a good laugh
.
This reminds me of that scene where Palpatine torchured Luke with force lighting at the end of Episode VI... Only without lighting.."So be it, Jedi."
Kinda glad I dont make my girlfriend orgasm like that. If I did I would freak the fuck out trying to pull back her toes and make sure she doesn't choke on her tongue. 
It's also kinda a good thing because she doesn't exist. 
Ya know, for some god-awful reason I never thought I would, or wished to, see a Sawzall used as a masturbation machine.

risky click.
Last time I checked that's not how you perform the Toran Ra. 
still fapped
In 7 minutes I have to go to a wedding, time for a quick fap. I did not ask for this
: ( I'm at library.. it is blocked.  Someone explain it to me like I am blind and you are that thing that reads the internet to blind people.
you should be fucking happy it's blocked lol
nkzora cowardanon. thank you
you delivered
[deleted]
Every single orgasm, this chick basically screams like she's giving birth while nearing climax on a sybian/drilldo/magic wand/dildo machine..
Once climax has been reached, she appears to have a mental breakdown/aneurysm/seizure (eyes rolled to back of head, uncontrollable muscle spasm, ridiculous yelping, psychotic laughing etc..).Basically she's being a fake, over-the-top retard.
THE POWER OF COCK COMPELS YOU!
BEHOLD THE POWER OF D
BY THE POWER OF DICKSKULL!
just repost this to classic4chan and get called a faggot there.
I have already seen this repost. My feels are not affected.
Did you even read the fucking sidebar? ..
only classic to you if you're a newfag
[deleted]
Anything older than 6 months is classic. Remember that. .Anything that's a repost is also classic. You said this isn't a repost? hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha.Front paged 6 times in the last 4 months you nigger faggot..Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
Is repost
Is still good. 

Oh honey. .6 months or older ----> ...If it's a repost -----> .If it's a shitpost -----> . with the title "Oh 4chan"
If shitpost--> 4chan.org
If it's a particularly edgy post -----> 
Old? Yes.
Repost? Yes.
OP is fag? Probably, check karmadecay or some shit next time. 
You're gay
Haha he went full retard
at least he didnt try it with a solid state
classic OP
Apparently solid state nand  flash can be restored with heat. Heating the flash chips to 400 can reset their life cycles. There was an article about a month ago talking about how they designed an ssd drive with mini heaters in it.
supposedly you can 'bake' some motherboards as well I think

Same with video cards, friend had to bake his 8800 every few days to keep it running 
rub toothpaste and peanut butter on it.
Toothpaste on the dogs balls and peanut butter on your own.
Would anyone mind telling me if putting a harddrive is supposed to fix? It seemed to be common knowledge for those folks.
try hdd regenerator, worked for me several times. true story.
Metal gets smaller when colder so it stops what would appear to be the clicking noise or whatever was catching. It's not a permanent method but more so for recovering things.
Forget to delete system32 first. 
The "delete system 32" bit is pretty old
Why? what is system32 ?

You are the cancer
Quick look at your submission history shows trees, Pokemon and gaming..I wouldnt be surprised if I saw you making rage comics and advice animals if I looked further.
only solid after it's frozen idiot
A solid state drive, faggot.
Whoosh
Supposedly, if your hard drive fails you can freeze it to temporarily boot it up, just long enough to back u some files..This doesn't work, although it . on much older hard drives. Imagine the hard disk as a musical record. As the drive gets old the grooves in the record part of the drive would stretch and get misaligned. Freezing the drive can shrink the disk slightly, which may be enough to make the disk usable again temporarily. .Now, on newer drives, the grooves are much much thinner. Not only are they less likely to stretch, but the grooves are so small that shrinking it (in the freezer) can drastically offset the grooves and make it even more unreadable.
Yep... this will not work anymore (if it ever did). Not only that, but condensation on the drive will most likely destroy quite a lot of data... and its unavoidable with a frozen drive.  
The condensation won't get inside the drive though.  They're completely airtight.
That isn't true actually.  There is often a pin sized air hole with a filter in it.  Part of my job involves physically destroying platters, so I take them apart all the time... so I get to see it first hand. .Its not much, but it should be enough that there would be some moisture in the air around the platters.  Its by no means vacuum sealed.  An extreme temperature difference would certainly be enough to produce condensation inside the drive...
Hard drives are not air tight.
ziploc bags
Ahhh, sorry! 
Defrost it in rice 
It will attract the Asians who will then come and fix it
and wrap a towel around it.
then plug it in with the towel on
disconnect the drive and plug in the towel.
Just slowly drag a large magnet across it. That helps thaw it out faster.
There was a story of some kid, which 4chan tricked into doing this to his dads computer..That was hilarious..edit: There it is: 
your kind aren't welcome here
you can't crop
you can't comment
you go to shitty websites like fffunny
please leave
I just googled the story you dumbfuck.
That "story" is one of the most reported threads in the history of the Internet. You're better off in ..
Ohh thanks, in case you didn't already got it. I'm new here :-) :DDDD LOL LELELEELELELELELELELELELE..No seriously, this isn't fucking 4chan. It may be the most reported thread for some neckbeard who spends his entire day on the internet... I just saw twice and I spend quite some time here from time to time. And now stfu & gtfo
This also helps defragment drives faster. 
Put in the microwave, that should do the trick
Microwaves are amazing. I hear they can charge your phone, too. 
I heard about that. Is that more bullshit or legit?
Absolutely, 100% BS. Do not, under any circumstances try it. There's actually some pretty funny YouTube videos about it. I don't have time to link any right now, but I'm sure you can find them. 
Thanks bro. Even if it was legit, I would never try it, I was just curious. Off to youtube I go to lol at people
speed defrost for 20 minutes should do the trick
We fucked up... We all fucked up, moot.
The ARISE CHICKUN fag is even too autistic for /mlp/. .Also, mods do ban them. They just evade the ban. It's next to impossible to ban someone from any large website. 
I always associated arise chickun with ..  What does it have to do with fucking bronies?
It's shit like this that makes you question what the fuck is going on in the world today. I mean, who the fuck fights Islamic terrorists while having a plushy of Rainbow Dash attached to their gear.
Go fuck yourself, soldiers are fighting to make sure that your neckbearded autistic self and all you do is bitch about it on the internet.
Quick poll. What is your age? (Directed at all)
Brony for life, bitches!
Bronies have no life.
Kinda reminds me of the U.S's stance on terrorists.
billywitchdoctor.com is the only person worthy of those words

From what I understand, the pony threads on /b/ aren't actually started by bronies. It's mostly just trolls who use ponies because they know /b/ hates them. And the "Arise Chickun" is just one guy named Smokey Meadows or something, spamming the same images..They also use Namesync and stuff like that to have trip codes..So they're just a huge circlejerk, like the animefags on /b/. Utterly useless. 
I agree.  Burn them all.  
Something drastic really should be done about them before they start to whine for equal rights and the right to marry eachother or adopt children.
Or marry their fucking pony plushes
Why, because some people like different things? 
ponyfags are not people.  they've given up their humanity.  
I agree, Bronies are a disease. 
Especially when they turn EVERY GODDAMN THING ON THE PLANET IN TO A FUCKING PONY.
You say that like they'll stop at just everything on . planet.
This is the part that pisses me off the most. It'd be fine if they kept it to themselves and didn't quote it every 20 fucking seconds!
"Bitches be trippin".
-Rarity
"Fucking pony" only adds insult to injury. THEY WANT TO FUCK CARTOON PONIES, like what the unholy fuckshit? 
Only a small percentage of bronies clop
Have you seen rule34 for ponies? One page is already too damn much. And they have several. 
Please look at . for a positive side of bronies.
I like MLP and I have no interest in clopping. EquestriaDaily is a huge website with no clopping. BronyCon has no clopping. .There is a dark side to every fandom.
Also look at Bronies For Good
I know right, at least be normal like the rest of us and want to fuck underage Chinese cartoon girls.
"normal".fucking lol
Goddamn "fanart" 
Actually, this does happen. I go to K-State, and I worked at Jimmy John's, which is surrounded on all sides by bars and pubs (it's directly in Aggieville). .Many times I heard my manager yell at drunk people 'GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY MOTHERFUCKING STORE YOU PIECE OF SHIT'. .It's quite hilarious. We actually barred one guy and he'll get arrested if he comes back because one weekend he came in and ripped off the soap dispenser, and then did that for three more weekends.
All of this was true. Did you know? If you are ever in a new town, just go to any Wendy's after 8pm, and you will see all of the minimum wage employees smoking cigarettes and selling each other rocks, pills, and weed by the dumpster pad. Quality is their recipe, so you know you will get a good deal.
summerfags writing shitty greentexts, i bet this goes straight to the front page

that guys face in the pic tho
THIS STORY SUCKS DICK
no u
This belongs on 
Come on, this isn't something that somebody would lie about. It's too lame, modestly fails to paint OP in a good light, etc.
troll'd
SPITTING IMAGE DAMNIT.
these tests are useless. no?
Same thing happened to me. Applied for a job in a DIY-store, big company and everything. They turned me down because I was too apathetic apparently. Thank you, whoever thought it was a good idea to make personality tests part of applying for jobs...
I had to take one of these for a financial services representative (aka insurance salesmen) position.  It's so obvious what the "correct answer" is.  I got the highest possible score...they would not stop calling me to join the team (aka be their sales bitch).  Little did they know, I would have been worst insurance salesmen they have ever seen.  Good thing I got another job...
Just answer the questions as if you were Ned Flanders.
Am I the only one wondering how someone can score you on your personality?
A while back, I would have joked about how the forms you have to fill in when entering the US in which you have to say whether you are a terrorist fall under the same categories of "Can you lie?"-tests, but with the NSA watching everybody, I'm afraid they would miss the sarcasm and throw me out :/
when I swore into the army recently I had to sign papers saying I wasn't affiliated with such organizations, and that I don't provide money to foreign companies and other stupid shit but the questions about do I associate with Ters was just silly.
All they test is whether you're smart enough to lie.
Interesting take on it. My problem was that I was being too honest. Now I know I have to lie next time!
Well these questions definitely get the best liars.
They weed out the complete morons who don't know to fake all the answers.
Obvious britfag 2/10

and the revolutions around the sun part makes him obviously Asian.your logic is flawed phaggot
Wait I thought the whole earth revolved around the sun...does only Asia do this?
No, the earth revolves around the sun but Asia faces it more often than other areas, explaining their eyelids
Ya blew it
pretty common expression in the south
lol no it isnt
Where? 
it's usually as a joke but it's said a lot, at least where I live in florida
Lived in South Carolina and can confirm its used by older individuals. 
I thought he was implying that people who work at Winn Dixie are gross as shit
North Carolina here..I here this, sorry y'all don't.
civilian_pr(faggot)ject has never been to the south
Florida may be the southernmost state but it is NOT apart of the South.
I'd say the panhandle and most of the interior is.
Pretty much the cities not touching water are part of the south. 
As someone from the Northern Half of the Country... I can confirm that Florida is indeed geographically apart of the southern United States.

When someone calls you "not from the south" it's a compliment. Being Floridian makes you cuban. I don't care how hard core your redneck accent is. Cuban.
This is possibly the weird thread of comments I've read in a while, where everyone not actually from the South (Atlanta is not the South, OK is not the South) is trying to say people actually in the South aren't Southerners... and this has to be the weirdest statement yet, joke or not.
I'd read what you wrote, but we Americans have an embargo on Cuba.
Feel free to read what I wrote then, I'm not from Cuba or Flori-Cuba.
lived in florida all my life faglet.sworn in to the us army leaving in a month and a half I am no brit
Lel
Well isn't that convenient? You better be "getting going" then.
wot the fok did ye just say 2 me m8? i dropped out of newcastle primary skool im the sickest bloke ull ever meet & ive nicked 300 candy bars from tha corner store. im trained in street fitin & im the strongest foker in tha entire newcastle gym. yer nothin to me but a cheeky lil dickhead w/ a hot mum & fake bling. ill waste u and smash a fokin bottle oer yer head bruv, i swer 2 christ. ya think u can fokin run ya gabber at me whilst sittin on yer arse behind a lil screen? think again wanka. im callin me homeboys rite now preparin for a proper rumble. tha rumble thatll make ur nan sore jus hearin about it. yer a waste bruv. my homeboys be all over tha place & ill beat ya to a proper fokin pulp with me fists wanka. if i aint satisfied w/ that ill borrow me m8s cricket paddle & see if that gets u the fok out o newcastle ya daft kunt. if ye had seen this bloody fokin mess commin ye might a kept ya gabber from runnin. but it seems yer a stewpid lil twat, innit? ima shite fury & ull drown in it m8. ur in proper mess ya knobhead.

South England? South Canada? South Australia?.Yeah, he is full of shit though. Those personality tests are more complicated than "Answering with the best answer" because people would just all lie. .They are set up in a way to test if you are full of shit or not, and to test what your mind thinks would be the most important thing to them..Psychologists and behavioral scientists make those tests, you can't fool them like that.
There is no "South Canada." 
Windsor, Ontario. Bitch.
Suburb of Detroit. Everyone knows this.
False.  I took one for CVS and I scored a 97% and they said it was the best they've seen. I got the job, regardless if they knew I was bullshitting
i live in south australia.. haha nothin down here called that
....I think I see what happened here... .Any place called  xp uuM?
o    's 
confessions:
I posted this on 4chin and copied it knowing that 4chan on reddit really truly is the best way to browse 4chan until you've seen it all..The story is 100% true, I used the word fancy for no particular reason at all. .And of course there were more questions on the test (also keep in mind this was almost 10 years ago.) They asked the same question in many different ways. Nevertheless. And that job blew.
I also enjoy browsing 4chin.
must have been a type

OP is a fag
Yeah, that's what I've always thought too. There obviously is the correct answer that a "model employee" would choose. i.e. telling management of stealing or being friendly and a hard worker. Whenever I took these I would feel bad not choosing the correct answer, but I'd also feel bad for choosing the correct answer. I was never sure what they wanted.
[deleted]
Don't answer them honestly. Those tests are bullshit, and your score is interpreted by a fool, not a psychologist. I took a test like that when I applied to work at a video rental store one summer long ago. The test asked things like, "Have you ever taken merchandise from a previous job?" Well sure, I answered, who hasn't; I worked at a cookie store before, and even though we weren't supposed to take left over cookies home, everyone did and so did I. The test asked, "Have you ever taken cash from a previous job?" No, I'm not a thief. Needless to say, I failed the test and wasn't hired. When the assistant manager told me I didn't get the job, she looked apologetic and told me that you have to lie to pass the honesty test. .This advice only applies to shitty summer jobs at retail stores. When applying for your dream job at a big, wealthy corporation, you may be tested by an actual psychologist, and honesty may be the best approach in that case.
I just click randomly, currently employed so I guess it worked?
No, it isn't..I've lived in Atlanta for the past 12 years, before that New Orleans for 3 years and before that Texas. .No one in the south, let alone America says "fancy" when they mean "like". The only time . in america says "fancy" in regards to liking something is when putting on a fake British accent. "Oi chip cheerio, and bollywogs, I fancy a crumpet today, gov'nah".Southerners can't even handle American English, they arent going to try speaking the King's.
Alabama here, can confirm.  
Yes it is...
Lived in Texas all my life. Not that uncommon
To be fair, Atlanta is not the rest of Georgia.
NC here, I've heard people say fancy in that context before. Not often, but people definitely use it. Depends on your part of the South I guess. OP is a pretty swell guy.
Atlanta is barely considered South. Geographically, yes. But Atlanta is mostly Democratic and southern accents are rare.
the south is a big place go to the low country you ignorant fucker
What are you saying?? I've spent 2 decades in Alabama so I have a bit of experience with Southerners and visit WD weekly, and it wouldn't surprise me for a second to see someone use "fancy" in that context. It's usually older, larger, white, Southern woman or older black men, but I've heard it plenty.
He's saying you're a god-damn liar, and so am I. 
oi im gunna crak u square in the face m8 dont fuk wit me
U WOT M8? i sweah on mi mum i is guna fuk u up m8

take a go if u is hard enuff
im a badman u goina get murked
Can confirm. Lived in Oklahoma for 19 years. Family is from the surrounding area. Only time you see fancy is on that sweet fucking ketchup from whataburger 
The best Ketchup in the world
There's a best of of a neuro surgeon calling this out as bullshit. The person posted to Reddit. Username was ovarianiama, but is deleted now.
Did she deliver? 
I saw an AMA on . that had the exact same wording as this post. What the fuck?
Yea, I asked if they were on 4chan yesterday cause I saw this and got like 300 downvotes in 45 min what the fuck?
That wasn't edgy you little faggot.
How was this edgy? OP is a dumb
Shit title
Would you prefer the eternal "Anon is X" we get here?
That ovary looks like KFC.
Man, you're so edgy.
Goes on /b.K
That's probably where she got it from in the first place.
I just read this in 

You don't get karma from self posts.
Well, at least there's a better than 10% chance...
It could be 100%!
It could be 10.000000000000001%.
If she's a long time 4 chan user that should have made her feel right at home. 
Greater than 10%?
90% is pretty damn good. 
It's not 90%. It could be but the way she wrote it makes it a [10,100%] chance
Good point, I fail at math.
Explain please. That doesn't seem correct to me..Edit: i get what you mean, but its mire like a 10.1% - 100% range. Anything in there would be acceptable. Anything greater than 10%. 

Looks like it spread to her brain. 
I'm looking forward to spending eternity in hell alongside you. 
Hell probably will be fun, considering all the cool people go there. 
Especially after gays have been there for 2013 years 
Everything before Jesus is a lie 
They're generally fun people.
Exactly 2013 years.
The user is creating a comedic juxtaposition by responding to a long, serious post about ovarian cancer with a short and sexist post. 
Thanks for sharing. 
Juxtaposition (Adj): instance of placing two or more things side by side
You're the same person, aren't you?
that's not even a correct definition.
Calling samefag
Don't you have to add the person before he can call or what is this exactly?
There is a box you can check in options that says "only allow people on  my contact list to call me" but the court was too stupid to do that.
Holy fuck I saw this last night and I had no clue wtf was happening
what was the skype username they were calling?
looks like rich.mantel, it's in the title bar of the window.
Holy fucking
WHY THE FUCK WOULD YOU USE SKYPE???
Yeah, Google Hangouts is much better. 
my sides
classic fucking jaffa
JAFFA KREE!!
Simple trolls are the best. .Good job /pol/
I think it's ridiculous how clueless the Judge was of Skype from her reaction.
Do not Disturb mode too hard to use.
Or just set it up so that you can't receive calls from people not on your contacts list
Did you not hear the judge? She has NO idea how skype/technology works.
It's reassuring people like her decides your faith when you fileshare. 
For the crime of internet piracy, I hereby sentence you to Scientology.
Somebody should have changed their name to Trayvon Martin and called in
EVERYBODY should've changed their names to trayvon martin.
OHHHHH LORD, the feels in that courtroom
Edward Snowden and Barack Obama, both calling at the same time.

Jeez-us-christ
question: why the fuck there is so much cancer in the comments 
Because it's youtube.
Interesting question summerfag, but allow me to preface your question with one of my own: Why do you hate your mother?
Words can not describe how awesome this is. Hopefully /pol/ continues to interfere with the trial
It'll be funny when they interfere so much that he's found guilty
4chan is sheisty. I love it.
Why are they so concerned about it? They did what they intended to do.
Not sure if you get the joke. 
I'm known to be dense. 
Please elaborate for us mildly newfags.
They called the skype account of a testifying witness in the middle of the Zimmerman trial. And people know
I got that, but what is "the joke"? It looked like the guys above were laughing at something related to the calls (not just at the fact that they pranked the person) unless I'm wrong.

I wasn't on pol at all yesterday but when I heard about this i knew it was them right off the bat. 
Well done, lads!
Oh my god. Call an amberlamps for my sides. 
4chan needs things like this to happen more often. This is classic. 

lol the nigga with the candy came
This is why I love 4chan
IT'S HAPPENING
Habbening**
PAULCON2 I REPEAT, THE ABOVE MESSAGE IS NO LONGER RELEVANT.  WE ARE AT PAULCON2
How fucking stupid are they that they couldn't put it on do not disturb. Like he's a fucking college professor and the other man is a lawyer and they didn't think of putting it on do not disturb?
Well, it wouldn't be as funny if they had.
Options -> Privacy -> Only allow people in my contact list to contact me

Simple yet effective. 3/3
Okay, this one didn't piss me off. Actually creative. Would fap again.
Have a post-fap smoke, Dad says 'No Way!'
That hypocrite faps two times a day.
Man, fapping at home is such a drag
something something op is a fag
YOU'VE GOTTA FIGHT
FOR YOUR RIGHT
You don't know the song do you...
bitch it rhymes
...busted
Okay I'll give it to you, but that's your ONE WARNING
Who the fuck listens to hiphop while they jerk off?
Faggots
Nasally Jewish men rapping is the only thing that gets me off.
Sides propelled into space upon reading "He defends us all".
Twist: Chris Dorner is in the crowd, and killed by Zimmerman.
NiggerKiller9000.
Happy 4th of July!
SHHEEEIIIIIIiiiiiiittttt
I would expect an israeli to be pretty experienced with racism but this green gave me cancer
What'd you expect from America
Dorner vs Zimmerman who wins?
NOBODY CORNERS THE DORNER! that is all. 
that there spiderman reference
Thank you based Serino
10/10 white people would read this again.

Holy shit this was glorious!! 10/10 OP!
You sound 14.

right, it's the punchline
>Reddit_ruined_memes.You sound 14.
You sound like you whacked your dick on the keyboard a few times and pressed 'Enter'.
Each other are what you both look like to each other. .14.
In other words, his arm.
No its the stock retard
I thought it was a glass of wine?
The shoulder thing that goes up is actually referring to a barrel shroud. Which is NOT a shoulder thing that goes up
Hard to say I've yet to use the NigerKiller 9000
This just became /k/
/k/'s fucking magical. Don't you be talking shit about my /k/
I didn't. I just said this comment thread became /k/
There you go talking shit on /k/ again. You wanna get shot motherfucker?
FUCKER! I MAY BE ONLY ABLE TO AFFORD THIS 9MM I HAVE, BUT I WILL END YOU! /k/ IS AMAZING, LIKE RECOIL FROM THAT ONE TIME I SHOT THAT SEMI-AUTO ASSAULT RIFLE.    .But as I said, this thread has become /k/
Agreed. 
The police. 
: (
You are in the wrong subreddit. 
lol
Zimmerman is an experienced chimp-handler. 
extends the shoulder thing that goes up - FUCK YEAH
You can't flim-flam the zim-zam.
bip bap boo
Corner? YOU CAN'T CORNER THE DORNER!
I died.
Totally justifies high-capacity clip.
Still comes here to post cancerous "dies laughing" post.
Says the cancerous 'Lel hop on the 9fag hate train it's kool rite gaiz?' fag
sir-kul-jerk. Get it now?
Fuck off, seriously. What you think is cancer is actually just a common cold. It's a slight inconvenience, at worst
Fitting username.
I hate my job.
I hate my life.
The NSA does not spy on you, silly.
Excuse me sir, that's my line.
Why are they wearing sunglasses inside?
Wouldn't your line be "omg fml I hate my life"?
4chan ain't that bad
The author of this comic has clearly never been on 4chan and is actually probably a regulat on this subreddit.Before you guys try to declare hypocrisy on my behalf, I only browse this subreddit when I'm on my phone
There are apps to view 4chan faggot
I don't know have you seen the amount of cancer on there?
I know and I have one of them, but their interface is way less convenient.Faggot
Hypocrite
Damn
To be fair you didn't put inb4, newfag
Because I hate using 4chan jargon on Reddit, it feels douchey
The man has integrity.
And chlamydia. 
You're goddamned right, OP. You're goddamned right.
Win anon win
Sweet ass revenge
I wouldn't have stoped on the first punch...
i don't buy it sadly. 

Too good to be true, just too good...
All my muscles flexed in a pure justice seizure 

10/10. .Best greentext evar
the sad thing is all of you actually believes this utter bullshit story.
The sad thing is you make comments like this one.
MRA fantasies really are a psycho analysts' gold mine
Oh the joys!
try to help your friend -  get injured. try to explain stuff to cops - get abused and beaten cuz you're a man. try to press charges - lolno. 'MURICA!
justice porn
I cringed with rage. This needs a better payoff in the end.
That story made me feel so goodness. 
Maximum over-rustle. That isn't even close to justice. I would have sued the cops, I would have sued that bitch, and I would have fucking raged for days.
Karmas a bitch.
Ya did good, OP. Put it on record when you tried to press charges. Ya did good.
This made me happy
If only. If only I could get some kind of self-justice like that.
Those cops sucked.... If he's bleeding but she ain't, than he's obviously not been hitting her.
Does this shit actually happen?
Happened to me. Cops are assholes, and people will 99% of the time immediately side with the girl. 
White people are pretty crazy. So I guess it happened.
And you're fucking annoying. I thought we discussed this
God damn that made me rage.
I love how some people label anything that involves gender as "MRA fantasy" just because they find it distasteful.
I find pickles distasteful but I never label that an "MRA fantasy".     .Checkmate sucker
"But aren't pickles just the patriarchy forcing phallic imagery into your meal? It's literally rape." ./-average Tumblr SJW.Notice how my comment said "anything that involves gender". So unless pickles involve gender, as my above caricature, no checkmate. Not even a check. 
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and Im the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and thats just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre fucking dead, kiddo.
Fucking justice. 
I hope this is real. 
Yes, there are quite a few crazy bitches out there, a lot of cops are assholes, and the justice system favors women over men..Also, I'm surprised she didn't say he tried to rape her.
that would've been the cherry on top of the crazy-bitch-pie
OP would have been too busy in prison to tell the story if she claimed rape.
Fuck I hope that's true. My erection is massive right now.
it's not
You don't know either way, you might as well assume it is if it helps you enjoy the fucking story. That's the reason we read greentexts, right? To hear stories, enjoy them?
relatively speaking
My jimmies were rustled hard. I'm glad that bitch got what she deserved.
this is the first time i felt bad for an OP, he got fucked pretty bad by those cops
OP ain't the only one.. 
MY JIMMIES ARE AT MAXIMUM RUSTLE. .Holy crap. That... screw you for showing me that.
I refuse to do anything more than read the titles on that subs front page. My jimmies are already in a delicate state.
You and me both brother. The few times I have ventured in there or to a link, I was so full of rage that I would just sit there muttering about shit and it would end up ruining my day and one time a relationship, well it was one of the reasons but a big one I keep getting told, shallow bitches.
Brings a tear of joy to my eye.That ending, that shit there was real equality
agreed. he is one of few men to feel utter pure joy
No it wasn't.
Fallschirm's reason as to why it wasn't; MIA
[deleted]
No the cops would just think he was intimating her into pressing charges on her psycho girlfriend.
I'd like to intimate her...I'd intimate her hard
The bias isn't so much anti-men as it is pro-women. So women who attack women even get lighter sentences.
The third one from the top is the best one, I could barely stop laughing at that face as he's running away. 
These are fucking terrible
The PS3 Games was hilarious. Everything else was shit.
I FORGOT ABOUT THE FUCKING STEAM SUMMER SALE
There was pretty bad shit in there.

    translates roughly into "I love to ruin everything"
These sucked dick. fuck you
You'd think the Russians had a shorter phrase for that one.
Sometimes I think too mich effort is out into these. The shittiness is part of what is funny.
Why.
omg he got dubs


Demorgan's FTW
How does this employ Demorgan's???
You'd need a negation. Not fat or stupid means not fat and not stupid
No no no. You had to wait a few more months before you could harvest all those validation points. Alternatively, you could go to the gym and stop caring about karma points. 

COMEDY GOLD, GOOD CONTENT OP! I WILL NEVER GET TIRED OF AMERICAN JOKES!
But....If A || B is false but A == true and B == true....Most software would explode.
Hell, I saw this and I almost exploded. Formal logic is hard.
Not many people take the time to say XOR out loud.
programming OR and real life OR are not the same, but XOR and rl OR are the same, you statement is invalid.
But its 
(!(fat||stupid) == false) == (fat && stupid == true)
Actually, it is !(fat || stupid) == true..The text doesn't say "isn't not fat or stupid."
you're right
Faggot learn to xor
I think this is best expressed in modal logic..There exists an American who is not fat or stupid..Counter: There exists an American who is fat and stupid..This all really depends on whether it is the inclusive or exclusive form of and. Inclusive makes the responder make no sese, where as the exclusive for of or would allows for the responders claim to be logical..Then the responders message would read something more like this:.If an American is neither fat nor stupid, then they are fat and stupid..A conclusion which makes no sense, and does not follow the strictures of logic.
Oh, I understood. Sorry about that, I meant that the post made me facepalm pretty hard. Thanks for taking the time out to break it down, though, haha.

ANOTHER post about Gaben at E3. Holy shit 4chan. 
kek
can we stop upvoting these
Dear Anon, Gabe is a brony. u mad?
Your name is magical!
I don't even...
what the fuck
lol u wish faggot
Let's be honest for a minute, Gabe with the white beard, old man beely, and supreme glasses actually looks hot as fuck. 
When is Gabe never sexy as fuck?
I've seen some terrible Gabe stories, but damn, this one took the cake. It is not even slightly creative. Sounds like some 14 year-old tried to sound funny and combine all these HL3 stories into one massive shit pile

hilarious..i fell out of my chair just like on the first 89 of these posted here in the past month

Obviously stolen from a .. You are a faggot.
Never heard of it. 
Faggot.
Thank u frend.
regarts
wooow, fucking egoraptor much?
What kind of iPhone is that?
I lost it at "personality/10"
Without acceptable looks there is no healthy personality...
You lost your virginity to a personality/10.
I hope you find it
Utilitarian/10
Who the fuck still finds this shit funny?    
fuck
is she ok
Is she ok, OP?
nigger
Im brown, not black. You mudderfucker.
If you ain't white you ain't right
It don't matter if you're black or white.
Err'one's a nig on 4chan
You've just got to be starting something.
Muh chikun.
[deleted]
I ran an analysis on your name and the results are ..... your a complete faggot and probably 12
is accely dolan
OP's face upside down looks like...  still a faggot
Gooby pls
Op you have good taste in games. Now your only sort of a faggot.
You have really good taste in games
is Dolan.
Actually it's Psyduck.
It's ironic, can't you tell
Cunt
Cunt
wat.
That's like the 4th time that's bern said. Dolan is fucking stupid.
dont think anyone thought dolan is not stupid. and i didn't read comments before i posted it. lol fuck who cares. 
My sides
Looks more like a frog to me.
OP was also a Civ fan.
4chan died... i now see why
OP is stoljnjak and likes deh chillstep :o
Bindi Bhaji! 
Chillstep, attaway
Looks more like this to me ..
Fuck me,  I just realised my time also shows the date at the bottom too.
Considering your desktop you don't get out much do you...
You can't see the desktop here, what are you talking about?
Nice choice in music!
how old is your monitor?
Learn how to crop, faggot
We got it after the first person posted that.
How old are the kids thinking this is funny?
That's like seeing someone who's DVD collection is the top ten of imdbs top ten list and saying "you have a really good taste in movies"
...accurate?
Those games suck Skyrim and Bioshock Infinite especially, terribly overrated
I can understand Skyrim and Bioshock, at least they have stories..I can't understand the appeal of minecraft though... you just build shit with blocks in some ghetto 8bit NES world? What the fuck is the actual game?
Legos I guess. You need to build a shelter before nighttime. Yeah it's definitely Legos but kids play video games more now than they did 5-10 years ago, when everybody played with legos
LOL OP = FAGGOT AMIRITE????
DAE popular PC Titles ?!?!
that person has a shitload of awesome games on their toolbar
won does not simply put games on their toolbar
Yeah, like the most mainstrem shite. FO3 instead of New Vegas = Failure..Maybe Sleeping Dogs is the only one I'd admit playing.
War Thunder and CiV are good, fuck you.
Yeah but only faggots don't play on widescreen monitors.
Looks like a laptop.
Most laptops are widescreen.
a Faptop
Yeah, and Sleeping Dogs too.
FO3 is loads better than New Vegas.
I'm kinda sure OP rearranged his taskbar for this screenshot. 
Probably but i kinda like the lay out
It is called a taskbar.  To the right of it you will find the system tray and to the left the start button.

looks like doland
accualy is dolan
backelmore y u say dis?
furam pls
fak u backelmoar
mmmmm <3 chillstep
Seven lions masterrace
Cosmic love remix
Nice taste.
Adventure Club
seriously those mixes are sick.
tehchillstep has the best mixes
The fact that so many books still name the Beatles "the greatest or most significant or most influential" rock band ever only tells you how far rock music still is from becoming a serious art. Jazz critics have long recognized that the greatest jazz musicians of all times are Duke Ellington and John Coltrane, who were not the most famous or richest or best sellers of their times, let alone of all times. Classical critics rank the highly controversial Beethoven over classical musicians who were highly popular in courts around Europe. Rock critics are still blinded by commercial success: the Beatles sold more than anyone else (not true, by the way), therefore they must have been the greatest. Jazz critics grow up listening to a lot of jazz music of the past, classical critics grow up listening to a lot of classical music of the past. Rock critics are often totally ignorant of the rock music of the past, they barely know the best sellers. No wonder they will think that the Beatles did anything worth of being saved.
Never cared much for the Beatles, always just seemed like a bunch of kids who did a bunch of drugs.  Read (or heard, not sure) somewhere that Bob Dylan met them in person and got the same impression.  Not saying they weren't good, but they are far from the best.
Yeezus you faggot
It's spelled jezus, fuckin queer
fucking lol richard

Richard lel.Anyway I fucking love Steve. He's a nutcase, but that shows he gives a shit at least
Fuck. In that same post there was some euphoric shit about how smart Richard Stallman was, I got the two names confused.
Keep in mind a lot of people are desperate. When a neighborhood has more churches than corner stores it's not a sign that the people are stupid, it's a sign that something has gone terribly wrong
No one can prove anything AT ALL. So lets all just shut the fuck up and leave each other alone about it...
Shhhhhhh... it's okay.
Instructions weren't clear, shoved microphone up my ass. Would not buy again.
Holy shit, this is too good to make up hahahahaha
Jesus......i thought I was fucked up. 
He must've had a smooth ass
If you're lying on your back, your ass is pressed on the floor. You can't grab it unless you curl your legs towards your head, over your chest, basically lifting your taint into the air..Now, to someone pretend, while putting all that conscious effort into keeping yourself up/balanced, to then imagine your muscular ass is a soft, nippled boob is either some serious hogwash or desperately powerful imagination.
Sadly my ass became too hairy at like 12-15. 
You could always shave...
Even though this is a one in a million method, there are probably 1.5 billion kids of puberty/virgin age. I calculate this is happening roughly twenty fives times this very minute... every minute.
You could sit on it until it falls asleep and pretend it's another man's hairy ass

what
I'm not sure what's funnier..or.DISCUSS, /reddit/!
Did you misspell "angel" on purpose?
nnnnnnnnnNNNI DON'T KNOW! Nyyheneheheheh.... 
I think someone here has gotten himself a little extra chromosome.
Why are you so fucking weird?
[message sent to user u/Spendiggity/ regards to comment].[read comment above for appropriate response].[end line]

LinkerGuy was that fast. [read, 2 seconds].I am impressed..BUT CAN YOU DO THIS?.Ha I bet u/LinkerGuy/ can't link u/Fallen_Angle/'s comment again!
Aggressive autism
Autism
hes an autistic evangelical christian nigger that makes you listen to nickelback when your in her car
Fuck off, faggot

You are a massive faggot.

You aren't even fucking OP, Jesus Christ...
inb4 OP isn't OP
Please take a sharp stick and kill yourself, Faggot.
I want the rest of this story
I also have plans
fuck off

It was about a guy on strange addictions who had a serious intimate relationship with his car. They were discussing it in /o/. 
/o/ looks like a dude riding a rollercoaster. Can't unsee...
\o\./o/.|o|.?o?.&o&.It was one crazy ride.
You seen the video of the guy coming out to his dad about having a Sexual relationship with his car?
No but I want to now. Do you have a link?
I'm digging, hold up I should be able to find it
Here you go!!


!
The dad was cool as fuck.
God. Fucking. Damnit. I hate being from arkansas when i see that kind of shit. It's pretty cool the rest of the time
That wasn't that bad.  His dad actually was pretty cool with him about it.  I'm extremely tolerant of sexuality, but if my son told me he was sexually attracted to cars, I'd probably laugh the first time he told me.  
Thanks man, I needed that. I can get pretty self conscious here sometimes.
Don't worry, most of us usually just make fun of Alabama and Mississippi.  
Neat, so do we!
This guy. The balloon guy. Who else do you have? 
Those people with like 30 goddamn kids, there was some shitty taxidermy guy who got a season from one show. I hate TLC for more reasons than most people. I just thank god we didn't do honey booboo
I wish nobody had done honey boo boo. Literally. That cunt shouldn't be allowed to breed.
I think anon is significantly less weird than this. Not that jacking off to ass-boob is normal, but this is a whole new level of strange
What in the fuck.
I like how the camera kept showing the headlights as if showing the car's reactions. They also blurred something on the front of the car as if blurring its face.
I think it was just blurring out the logo of the car
looks like i have plans tonight after all
 x infinity and beyond! LOL
Lol, will played
Well* how do you fuck that up? They are in the exact opposite position on the keyboard...
Autocorrect. 
Yeah, right.
conferred retard here, no autocorrect on this keyboard.
You're a shity-commentor magnet
Actually they're not that far from average.
Your bar needs to be set pretty low while browsing this sub. Come in with no expectations and youll be fine.
anon has a powerful imagination or nipples on his ass cheeks
Could be a very conveniently placed ginormous mole
To be fair, he probably hasn't grabbed a boob before, so he doesn't really know what it actually feels like.  Although one day he'll probably be shocked to find out that a boob doesn't feel like his butt.  
Unless his butt feels like a bag of sand. 
NIPPLES ON YOUR ASS?
DAE Risky click
Ass zits
Cause getting healthier is bad.
I'm not giving up all of the stuff that made me me, I'm giving up the stuff that made me a fat piece of shit. I get to toss out what I don't want and keep what I do.

OP Clearly doesn't lift. 
What....the....fuck
ITT: people say anon is fat when they dont even know how he looks

Funny how he talks about wisdom in the same text where he makes grammatical mistakes. 
ITT: Butthurt
This is actual fat logic. Like straight-up 100% tumblr-browsing fat logic. If a girl said this it would go on /fatpeoplestories.

What a /b/tard
Nice try /b/rother. Better luck next life eh?
My favorite part was how the troll bait was taken ITT.
"Yeah man. Don't be a sheeple and become anything that society favors. It just kills who you are as a person naturally; a fat neckbeard who browses /b/ all day and hates fitness".4edgy8me
Well, someone decided to stay a fat lazy piece of shit.
I think it's less about getting fit and more an observation that if you're trying to "become alpha" by chasing the approval of others You're Doing It Wrong..Not that chasing the disapproval of others via counter-conformity is any better, mind you.
It's all about moderation
It's about whether you're setting goals for yourself based on what others expect of you or what you want for/from yourself..Self-improvement for external approval is oxymoronic.
the question is, will being butthurt effect his gains?

My prediction for this thread: 1:gymbros taking those words right up the anus and getting their flim flams all kinds of wiggled 2: fat neckbeards all saying thats the reason their fat "because they want to be true to themselves".either way that shit was tawp hue 10/10: shots fired edition
top post lad
Where do I buy codeine gushers
Make them yourself!
Where do I buy LSD .;)
Canada
Make it yourself!
Ask your local drug dealer if codeine gushers are right for you
Wise words from a lazy neckbeard attempting to justify his obesity and lack of direction in life
[deleted]
Only if it's true,  which it's probably not. This guy shows his insecurity so badly with his shit post. 
You lose who you are because you refuse to be either some weak twig scrub or a fatass hamplanet?.
That's only a "sick burn" to people that think it's okay to be an embarrassment to your species; people that think that as long as you're "okay with yourself", you have permission to be any kind of a slob/lazy faggot you want, and that the mere act of being okay with yourself transcends you into an enlightened being. Faggots like these fail to understand that there is always room for improvement mentally and physically and if you don't strive for it and put work into it, you deserve absolutely no goddamn respect.     .Go on, stay a shut-in neckbeard and pretend to laugh at and despise people going to the gym because "they want to be socially accepted", while secretly wanting to be as fit, if only you had a strong enough mental drive to achieve it. I'll continue feeling like a million bucks after every workout, knowing I've just improved myself, even if only for a tiny bit..
You're comfortable with who you are? Please. Who you are is someone who doesn't respect themselves enough to put work into staying healthy and fit, which is fine by me; it makes it slightly easier to tell if you're someone I want to be friends with.
I'm one of those fat people who wears their weight pretty well (6'3" 250 and people are blown away when I tell them my weight, they usually guess 210-220) but I feel my weight is hinders me, not socially but romantically. Girls (friends girl friends) will say "youre not fat..." right...well back when i did weigh 220ish 5 years ago, I was getting laid. .The best part is, if I watch what I eat and count calories, my weight stays the same or tends to fluctuate up. If I eat shitty foods and drink lots of beer (good craft beers) it tends to fluctuate down. When I go to the gym, if I havent gone in ages but go three times in a week...I'll put on 10lbs of weight. I have no idea why but it immediately defeats my mindset. .Would I love to go to the gym 5-6 days a week? Absolutely. What would it take for me to do it? Someone to meet up with at a scheduled time every day. Something to hold me accountable. Besides, I have no idea what I'm doing with workouts. I know how to run on a tread mill, I know how to ride a stationary bike. Thats about it. No idea what I'm doing with lifting. And thats very intimidating and defeating. 
first off, 220 at 6'3 is still fat. I'm mad I weigh 190. (also 6'3).And no your weight doesn't fluctuate, you aren't weighing yourself at the same time of day dumbass. Wanna lose weight? Eat less, run more. Not hard, at all.
You sound like you need help
I'm a big guy as well, and have been working out an hour 3 times a week for the past few months, and it feels great..No shit your weight fluctuates up (and you probably feel fatter too) after a week. Your muscles just grew but you didn't burn any fat. My pecs felt huge after my first few workouts because I still had/have fat on them and now there's muscle blown up beneath that fat, and it made me feel fatter than I was before I worked out..The rest of it is shitty fatlogic. You don't have to go to the gym 5-6 times a week. Go 3-4 for an hour and watch what you eat. You see results after a month, not a week. The way that I've done it in the past is work out for a month, feel great, and then stop because I feel great. Then I lose the muscle mass so I feel skinny, and I say "oh, I feel great and I'm eating all of this shit food and not working out." A month later I'm fat(er) again..Drop the bullshit excuses and go to the goddamn gym and stop eating stupid shit. You will feel better in a month, and you have to think of it as an investment. What you put in today isn't what you get tomorrow. What you put in today is what you get in a month. If you like what you have in a month, imagine how it'll be in another month if you keep at it..If you want to get laid, and you notice that you aren't getting laid after gaining weight, fucking lose weight. This isn't difficult.
I just started going this week by myself. Had no idea what to do. Asked random guy what do you do in a gym, he axd if it's my first time, said it is. He then asked me what muscle groups I want to work, had no idea, he explained. Showed me all the machines, how to work them, how many reps etc. Took him 10 minutes and was very pleasant. Went after 2 days again when the soreness loosened, did the same with another guy at the gym, worked the legs this time. .Shit's pretty chill
You just encouraged me not to give up after reading this post. Even tho this is r/4chan. You speak encouragement. Respect
As cliche as it is on Reddit, . actually does a really good job of teaching you how to do the 4 big lifts (squat, deadlift, bench, power clean) and gives you a newbie program to work with.  .If you can get a friend to learn with great!  If not, suck it up and find a good personal trainer to give you an hour teaching you and making sure you've got good form.  Then just follow the program.  You'll level up quickly and feel pretty good about it.  The fact that you go in each day with a specific (and increasing) set of numbers is how you stay accountable.  Keep track of it online.  . is a free online site (started by Redditors) that allows you to track your workouts and join in challenges, ask questions, etc.  .Spend a week teaching yourself at home, watching videos and hanging out in ..  Then go spend 3 days a week for a month actually doing a program.  Don't cheat, don't skip for that whole month.  I bet you keep on going after that.
Just head over to /fit/ and read the sticky. I've gone from 250 to 160 in the last 18 months just by following the advice in there.
Weight isn't what you should be worried about, its the way you look..Muscle is denser and heavier than fat, and is much smaller. If you're trying to lose weight, just go to a sauna, drink too much coffee, or get on adderall. For a lifestyle change of eating, go paleo or atkins, no more carbs and sugars..go google how to lift.
I have an adderall prescription. The doctor kept upping my dosage with out me ever feeling the effects of it so I stopped. Why throw money at medication that does nothing. 
Way to out yourself as one of those reformed betafags..Lol you're sooooooo butthurt over this. hahahahahahaahahahahahahaha.you don't understand where you are
Moms calling you for dinner son

idk, he threw out some troll bait and you are gobbling it up like a cum starved thai lady boy at a bukkake shooting

I'd say your greentexting is trying too hard considering this isn't 4chan or /b/
When I don't know how to do something, I usually go online to learn how to do it..Or, I don't know if your local gym has this, but mine has this people who hang out in the gym around 40 hours a week. You can pay these people money to show you how to workout..Crazy shit, but this is 2013.
You have to have permission to live how you want to live? Who's permission exactly?.I say if you're happy, fuck everyone else. 
Read it again and perhaps you'll understand the gist of the message instead of focusing on a single word, taking it literally.
I got the gist of it. You're a hateful, close minded, judgmental person.
Hahahahahahaha, whatever helps you sleep at night. Pretend it's not true.
As opposed to the Anon, hating anyone who wants to better themselves by telling himself they just do it for social acceptance? .Speaking of which, what's wrong with wanting to be accepted? That's human nature. Either Anon is a hamplanet, or Auschwitz-mode, and needs to justify not having the will, patience, and dedication to get fit. People similar to him upvoted this shit, and now we're talking about this faggot.
I say fuck bitches, get money. 
hamplanets cost me the taxpayer money. They should fix their easily fixed fucking health problems or stfu
Sounds like a problem with the system to me.
I agree with not needing anyone's permission to live, but going about your life with blatant disregard for everyone else isn't the way to be, either.  .Edit: This is about being antagonistic when others disagree with you. Pursue happiness, but don't pursue the unhappiness of others ;P
Pretty much all of this. His shitpost had a lot of edge to it. 
It's not even just after you workout. I recently started going to the gym about two months ago (at 160lbs, not fat just out of shape). After just that small amount of time I've seen improvements in my body, and I just . better. I don't get tired as easily, and I have way more energy throughout the day. There's is absolutely zero reason why anyone capable of it should not get fit.  
To add, since I started watching what I eat (as well as how much) I've been in an all around better mood even if I haven't been to the gym or on a run in a few days.
160 could either be really skinny or really fat depending on your height haha
I'm 5' 7", short fella. I had some fatty areas: around the hips, a little on the gut, a little extra on my chest. I have a pretty stocky build so I'll still more than likely weigh over 150lbs even when I drop the fat. 
Exercise is awesome, but abs are made in the kitchen..Sounds like you're headed in the right direction!
Well, yes, that. I've actually forgotten it could be any other way. Ever since I started in my late teens this was the norm for me. I rarely even walk anywhere if I can run (with exceptions due to sweat and clothing in regards to the type of destination) just to release some energy. I don't remember the last time I had a disease and my rare medical checkups (whatever you call them  - where they check your cholesterol and various other levels) were picture perfect.     .And no, I didn't start because I was fat (I wasn't), neither was I a stick, but I wasn't fit, either. 
I fail to see how this has contributed to my amusement. 
Sip warm water and spit that shit threw nasty straw sevral times
Implying there are brilliant twats
This is the shittiest of all shitposts. Lrn 2 crop 2
Learn to crop fegget
Repost anus
~oh wow master trole! u mad bro? hahahaha wow, what professional troles! lmao!
This is what TV is now?
so one person on pol is /pol/. try harder OP
Look at the comments. People getting mad up in this bitch.
It is done.
lel so edge
One of the comments."I simply don't know how 70% of people voted no".ITS GOLD JERRY ITS GOLD 
Wait... what? Is HLN seriously making people vote online on how a trial should go? Wow... sure... that's a good way to get justice and it clearly isn't subject to the same kind of risks as reddit witch hunts are.
Does someone have a link to the episode where the results were posted?
"I simply don't know how 70% of people voted no."
This is fantastic
good fucking christ could you make it more public so that HLN gets wind of it. have you ever heard of white knights?
Trayvonnosaurus rex ass nigga
She isn't on.
Anyone have that image of the thread about the guy cutting his hair with a striped knife and shoving it down his throat and vomiting into his daughter's mouth? That's as specific as I can get, though I assume that's as much as I need to be.
No, more details. 
Image used for thread is a large white head with small eyes and an open mouth, drawn in paint or some shit. I think I daughter says go back to bed dad or something and he goes back to his room in defeat and says the beast will feed again or some shit.
This trial is such a circus. 
If Nancy Grace wasn't a massive cunt I would be somewhat rustled.
shes not even on tonight... they wont read the results i bet
my nigga G.Z
telling people to watch her reaction increases their ratings right?
I think most of us are willing to vote in a poll but I know the majority of those folks will wait for someone else to make a video
Ratings aren't derived by census, they don't know when an extra fifty thousand people tune in because of a chip in your television or something stupid.  It wouldn't affect anything unless rando anons were in the sample they use for polling.
Does anyone have any video of Nancy actually talking about this or are we just going to spam that one video where someone video taped their TV?
71% for Trayvon as of now. 
As if we didn't have enough reddit on /pol/ already.
I would love to see people do this in a way that wouldn't make her look reasonable by comparison.
This is hysterical, thank you based OP. 
[hand rubbing intensifies]
liberal checking in... 72%
This isn't trolling. It is just some dude getting everyone to vote on some polls the way he wants them to vote.
Did they discuss the other poll yet?
incredibly shitty troll raid, especially considering both parties are fascist douchebags trying to spy on us in as many ways as possible.
OP, you are a faggot. This shit is supposed to stay on 4chan so that all the faggots on reddit don't fuckin pick up on it and Nancy just claims it was a "racist internet website that skewed the poles". There are so many news sources who look at reddit for information. Thanks for being the rat.
Chill out bro. They already read the live results and said nothing about poll fixing from external websites.
Link to her saying that?
: laughing maniacally :
When is this airing?
All the niggers try to defend Trayvon because he's a nigger. 

Glorious
Voted. Do I get a sticker for participation?
This is one of the reasons why I like 4chan. .Even if it works, Nancy Grace and HLN will skew the polls to fit what they want to report. 
I'm actually very impressed that they didn't adjust the results. If they had adjusted them it would've been on the front page of reddit, turn into another scandal. 
But they didn't show the "aggressor" poll on tv, did they? I only found the "playing cop" one.

We need a video of her response.
Some guy posted
they did, on live TV
video?
IDK if there is video up yet, but this happened 
Hell yes, love it
.u w0t m8
From the post, the idea is to spam a poll on a left-wing site with a pro-Zimmerman opinion, and a poll on a right-wing site with and pro-Trayvon opinion.
no, it's about trolling nancy grace
Same. I couldn't stop laughing like that. Even though I think Zimmerman is guilty, it's hilarious to see 4Chan at work. Treyvon's at like 70% right now, and it's 80% for Zimmerman not playing cop. 
How deep does the nigger dick?
Any video of her response yet?


well I did my part 
 for your efforts.
Yes she is, im watching it right now faggot, if you don't know ..
Did she read the results 
Please tell me they read the results that Trayvon was the aggressor 
Haha this queer watches HLN
So did she read the results?
They showed on a different show, wasn't that big of a deal
Why is this down voted? It's related to /pol/. I don't care much for the content, but as the title gave what it promised I'll up vote it
Liberal head assplode. This should be fun.
I'm pretty damn left wing, but I voted in this just because I want to see Nancy Grace's reaction.  I think both left and right wingers hate this stupid cunt.  
In other words; Anyone reasonable hates her. 
no, he said right wing too
Zimmerman is innocent and you can't corner the Dorner.
Except they did eventually corner the Dorner
But they couldn't corner his spirit
Man, he escaped the burning lodge on a white steed.
Nope
fuck are you talking about

When it was first posted, it was at (1|4)
Okay, I believe you.
Jump in the line, rock your body in time.
Open the door, get on the floor.

post vid of results please

71% trayvon
75% now with 80% no. Hahahaha

Nice username. Think your boys have a shot at the USOC this year?.Edit: I knew nobody was going to get it...
beautiful!
/pol/ is worthless most of the time, but this is actually funny.
/pol/ is the only good board.
/pol/ is basically the important part of the internet
Yeah, for white nationalists, neo fascists, National Socialists, and Alex Jones Libertarians.
pls go JIDF, no one listens to him
Yeah, bullshit. That man is loved by the libertarian and conspiracytard community. 
No....not at all
You have no idea how many libertarians take Infowars seriously do you? I used to be a libertarian myself, I know that community like the back of my hand. 
/b/ is like the million monkeys at the million typewriters, /pol/ is like a small lab with the best scientists.
No, if /b/ is the asshole of the internet then /pol/ is the anal canal
/pol/ is the duodenum

-Source: 
Wait, you're 'trolling' Nancy Grace by giving her something to act outraged and disgraced at?  I don't think you've ever actually watched her on television.  That's like trolling a fat person by giving them pie.
Nancy Grace is possibly the most annoying "news"caster on TV. I hate her more than O'Reilly and Hannity. In fact, if O'Reilly and Hannity fucked and shit out an asshole-baby, I would still hate Nancy Grace more than that shitty offspring. 
i bet she would love some pie
Well, the general idea behind trolling would be to make someone get really mad for a rather simple remark that you've made, in this case voting 'no' in that poll..If the woman is a complete attention whore who would love to get into a heated argument over it, then it's her fault.
She doesn't argue and go crazy because she actually cares or is heated. She does it for $. She is a TV Character. They know these polls are going to be screwed with. It'll give her something to pretend to care about. The screwy polls will bring in their target demographic. They ain't stupid. They know the votes will be slammed.



Exactly what I was thinking. No matter what the polls say, HLN will report what they want. 

Chatango?
COULD BE, MY BROTHER-SAVANT
did they show the one about Trayvon being the aggressor?
I don't have that one.
Shit. That's the one I want to see the most

Where can I find a video of this
Anyone got video?

9/12 people on their jury were women and the men weren't asked to decide until last? Sounds totally unbiased.
Why would their gender matter? 
Women are much easier to persuade with this kind of shit
Holy shit that bitches eyes in the video. 
Also how can you say the "lay" person doesn't speak like that. Bitch normal people don't say 'lay' like that.
'Just cause we're lawyers doesn't mean we're well informed'
sounds like 70% of people do,.man the hilarity 

its so much better now
i love everything about this. i love you so much right now, /pol/.
77% now. .Nice.
TIL 21% of the people voting Zimmerman playing cop are black..And 26% of people who think Zimmerman is the aggressor are black..The more you know
Do you think this is a game!?
Links for the lazy
Lel
[deleted]
Jim Crow Laws were separate but ..  .  .Only a bleeding heart liberal would deny this.  
Thanks! I love this; Justice!
Well, my first account got shadowbanned because I posted on ., so I made this one. They can't ban me now because the admins banned the sub so they cant ban me from posting there anymore. AND JUST WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU HAVE AGAINST SEGREGATION? 
Explains why reddit isn't as racist as it seemed before.Whyd the ban It? Button hurt? 
Every mod/admin has a different story. 
We did it reddit!
Never post links to polls, only the URL without the dot. This way they don't see where the traffic is coming from. If people are linked then they know the poll is being fucked with.
They already know.
It's almost like they put these polls up just to get these kinds of reactions... 
Read the comments on those poles. So funny.Edit: polls? The comments on the polish are below
"Poles".What the fuck are you smoking, man? You mean the polls?
It was a late night.But you gotta bring up them polish every once in a while
goddamn polish...
[deleted]
My sides. /POL/acks are as funny as /b/tards just more predictable. 
As a /b/tard, I can say that while we as a community haven't done anything great lately, I know that most of us also participate in these raids, so don't count us out.
what a faggot
Nancy Grace IS a troll. She's the Glenn Beck of court TV. Don't really see how this is "great". Helps her ratings really.
timeToStopTyping.jpg
Ahh rusemaster


#ScrubCantEvenHashtag
I feel like my IQ dropped 10 points after reading that cesspool of comments. .I shit you not, this is a comment: 
Is yo mama a thug 
hashtagthestruggle
shit b real in the streets u aint even no homie
Real talk.
I don't know mofo y'all peeps be buggin givin' props to my ho cause she fly
You have never been to a major city in the US, have you? 
You've never listened to a mainstream radio station between 1995-1998 in . habitated US city, have you?
Yes, I have. Just pointing out that your forced "ebonics" are pretty bad. Not bad as in good, but bad as in terrible. 
dickhead
Dude, they're from Bloodhound Gang's "Fire Water Burn." Not forced at all. It's a quote.
had to think twice, but Bloodhound Gang Fuck yeah!
U no, but yur ackin like u dont no 
Werlllld staaaaaaa
Game's already over, now for the scores. Will somebody upload a video of her reaction, or do you think they'll just blow it over?
The world needs the reaction vid to this right now.
Doing God's work.
They will still just read off whatever the fuck they want
No, doing the work OP should do, or else he would be a faggot.
He is a faggot regardless.
Just the cool kind, like Freddie Mercury.
Faggot does not equal gay, just fyi.
Except in your case, where it does.

lol that kid's got funny eyes
I think he needs glasses.

.oh /pol/.
Common belief for those is that they're demons
Actually dated a girl once who told me the exact same story, every detail.  Came at night, choked her once, etc.  Weird.
SEXDEE THAY SED NUIGGRES 4EDGI09999999888ME XDDDDDDDDDDDDDD.Kill yourself, shithead.
Dull racist humor, and responses like "3spookey7me." shit post
I burst out laughing, uncontrollably, at this. 
Got a link to the 4chan post? kind of curious as to what people said regarding the question (besides the llelelele niggers)
omg haha they said niggers haha dey r so funny
It's funny because /b/ isn't just a group of nothing-intelligent-to-say faggots, you just took the few comments that were nigger related. I'm sure someone with actual insight (whether this be a bullshit topic or not) on the discussion. This subreddit just does no mercy.
HUR HUR, DEY SED NEGGERS CUZ RACISM!!!!1!!111!!!!! .Lollploollollollolol
Same. She also had a supposed illness where she'd cough up blood from her esophagus, that wasn't TB, and go into grand mal seizures from pressure inside her skull, that was also reactant to barometric pressure..After we broke up, her mother told me that she really was schizophrenic, and she would have told me sooner, but she thought that if I knew, it'd drive me away.
lel nigrs .getit.cuz rasicm.lolololiloolooloollllololooolol
Wat u say about my motha, cracker?

There were a bunch of others actually talking about stupid ghost shit. Then his gf was Internet diagnosed as schizophrenic. 
[deleted]
Watch out! The Nigger Security Agency everyone's been talking about will come steal your puter! 

semen pile
What relevance does this comment have?
New term - Mantlet: A man who can deadlift 3x his bodyweight.

dat exoskeleton.
This one checks out.
Some ant species can actually lift up to 100x their own body weight. On that note, if ants were to become intelligent we'd be fucked.
They couldn't do much at that size, and scaled up the law of diminishing returns apples 
If they became big and stayed stupid it would be like fighting a bunch of Charlie Gordon's.
I know that reference! 
big whoop, they weigh nuthin', and a hundred times nuthin' is .!
OP uses virgin mobile, I wonder why
Damn, you beat me to it. 
Because it offers great service at a reasonable price. 
Unlimited data and text and 400 minutes for $35 a month, yo.
Damn, I get 5gb data, unlimited calling and texting for $60/month. Getting robbed here in Canada.
No one gives a shit.
Hmm, a thread about cell phone plans. 
Saw a study on Canada's plans on average we are charged 10$ more a month than the next country to us. 

Actually almost every ant in an ant colony are female. Males only hatch from eggs during mating time.
guess its the only time OP is around females

Male ants are also manlets with silly wings. The young ant queens also has wings but is freaking huge (in terms of ants).
Holy shit this just got infested with faggotry.

Boom, 90 days.
Does this mean he was banned for thirty min?
b&+
i'm 17 years and 364 days, 23 hours and 30 minutes old, and what is this?
Happy birthday, ..
Now, he is free... 
No this basically is 4chan.. now anyways
17y here. I'm a lurker.
I'm not a member of 4chan. Are they 18+?
Rules are rules haha.Edit autocorrect
Yeah I think it used to be just pics of <18 that were banned but now any kid gets banned lol.
Fucking newfies
[To see this message, you need to have a 4chan GOLD account]
I thought it was only like HALF of it. Holy shit, this changes things for me...
The WHOLE thing??? Jesus...
[deleted]
Saying your age at all on 4chan is a bad idea. Saying you're underage is just asking for a ban though.
Why?
Banned for half an hour, I suppose. 
This is .. What do you expect? stuff from .?
Get out.
I'm so confused. Why does a subreddit need to be like 4chan? I mean, why not just post on 4chan if you treat comments here that way?
Fuck you nigger
Someone once said that he would turn 18 in 1 second and was still banned for it
"I like the wacky posts from 4chan but am scared to go there.".-this subreddit
That sounds about right from what little I've seen. I browse 4chan casually (used to frequent it) and it demands a certain behavior. But Reddit isn't 4chan.
yeah i'm scared to direct my browser to a website. give me a break please.
4chan is a cesspool. I tried going there, but it's just too much shit to wade through for those diamonds. This cuts out a decent amount of the shit-sifting, even though it doesn't get all of it.
this subreddit is basically all shit as well
that's like seeing a toilet in a restaurant and declaring that the whole place only serves shit
That was the only one I tried to visit for more than a couple days.
Have you tried any other boards since? 
I visited others, just not for more than a day or so.

Or it's just nice to skip all the tards trying to make good greentexts, and porn requests, and hentai bullshit. Although its not like there's good content on /b/ anyway
You know that /b/ is only one specific board of 4chan, right?
It's also almost everything posted here. I go on 4chan for pol and fit
Don't be silly; /b/ is 4chan.
All my wat.
Okay yeah that was a stretch. Maybe I should've said interesting instead of good
And now you know why /b/ is so awful.
no one cares 
[deleted]
NO ONE.CARES
[deleted]
I DON'T CAAARE
last year would have been better

This Pasta is about 2 months old. Try harder to asshole
I've done seen this here pasta 'round n this 'bout 5 months ago. Might've been in longer.
the gladius was invented and used prolifically in the legions to work around the tight formations of soldiers as well as to be used by a single arm, as the other arm was used to carry the large red shield called a 'scutum'..The modern equivalent of a gladius would probably be a type of gun designed to be used in close quarters, able to be used with one hand, capable of quick firing and in use by any western nations military.
Romans laughed at cultures/people/plebs who slashed/fired missiles at their opponents, it was all about the stabbing and getting close and dirty to do the deed. 
Pointless
Came to the section of popular opinions only to see this gem without textual companions. .A great chortle and guffaw erupted from my chest..Well done pithy commentator. .Well done. 
Hey, thanks man. I'm glad to hear that you atleast got something out of this post.  Cheers
The best comedy often flies over the heads of folks.



Pretty sure it was only replies.
I have that gif too.
Calling somebody a landwhale is abusing your privilege; "Ambulocetus" the politically correct term, you shitlord.
Fat girls aren't real people.
Yes. yes yes yes. .yes yes yes. 
My dad was a heavy weight boxer in his prime for the better part of a decade. He always told me, when put in fight or flight situations like these it was just reflex to defend himself. His skills often far outweighed those who instigated and they often fell to the ground bleeding. If someone is about to hurt you, man or women, you have every right to defend yourself. One punch is all he needed to get away so I feel he was justified.

If anyone is trying to hurt you then I feel you can defend yourself. I don't care if she is 90 lbs, when shit goes down you must protect yourself!
until*
MensRights!
its only a crime to punch a person.if she was fat then we can't really call her a "person" now, can we?
This one time me and a few of my boys were at a bar playing pool.  This fat ugly bitch walks in...no joke...1/10...tattoos all up on her legs and arms, has ham planet triple chin (wasnt all that fat, but still had a triple chin...like wtf bitch).
Walks up to us playing pool....announces she and her boyfriend will be playing next game....we say wait in line, she says no.  .So me and my friends didnt want any trouble, we were out drunk as fuck having a great time!  We play her, and she and her BF are losing badly.  The entire time she is boasting about how many oxys she does and how we are rich white boys that get to practice on our own pool tables and such....wtf bitch...we ignore all of it.  She starts talking shit to my best of friends, he isnt taking her shit, starts making fun of her..calling her a human cow and how she stinks like shit.  He is messing with her tiny brain and gets her going.  She comes up and punches him in the face one time....he is wastey face...doesnt move an inch and just looks at me and laughs....calls her a weak cow that should have been aborted....she flips...hits him again and hits his drink out of her hand.....thats the last straw..As she is walking away, he throws his beer glass at her.....smashes on her head....fuck yeah....shes down....her boyfriend and her other tubby land whale friend charge my boy and punch him...he doesnt feel a thing.....I run to the rescue....only time i ever hit a girl...land whale on top of my friend because she is so large....adrenaline pumping....pick her fat ass up off him....one hit KO on this bitches face....proceed to choke out boyfriend on pool table....bar tenders and bouncer rush over and pull us all off.....i tell em i was breaking it up....nothign ever happened.....get to rail lines and drink more beer later and laugh about it with other friend too.....he barely remembers it, forgot how drunk he was lulz
You did the right thing man. Bodily harm was about to happen. 
JUSTIFIED
if shes a landwhale anything is justified 
Its ok Anon, the fist of justice is unisex
Yes, knock her the fuck out.  Self defense.
I don't think gender matters, if someone deserves to be punched, male or female, then they should be punched.
wait... he.. he saw a woman?!?! HOLY SHIT
Hell yes. Women don't get  free passes to be assholes just because they're women. Never hit a woman unless she is trying to hurt you. 
self defense
nah, bullshit.
OP...today..you were . a fag.
She tried to put a cigarette out on your face?! Then yes! Maybe as a boxer you should have kerbed your strength a little but damn, she a bitch!
Embrace Feminism- Punch girls in the face. 
Both situations were justified.

Yes.  Yes it is.  If she starts it like a man, end it like a man.  Maybe she won't be a cunt next time.
Yes.
You should've punched her on the scalp to avoid visible bruises.
In this day and age, you should be able to without any gender-specific consequences, seeing as a lot of woman are pushing equality in our faces.
If you hit her, and she went down, and you didn't hit her again, fuck it you're fine. She was asking for it, and you didn't overreact.
Yes sir, you are indeed justified...
I was drunk one night and verbally let it out on this obese wildebeest who used to annoy me -- apparently calling her fat in my rant was too much to handle, so 30 minutes later she starts screaming at me in hysterics, grabs me by the shirt and starts to throw palm strikes at my face, I grab her by the neck and choke slam her down to the grass and put her in a headlock almost making her fat ham eyes bulge from her ham skull..Justified?
I have a firm belief that if a woman wants to act like a man, she will get treated like a fucking man.
Yes. She attempted to assault you first. 
Gender should have nothing to do with it. Defend yourself proportionately from anyone attempting to injure you.
If women want equal rights then deal with it girls 
Really depends: is a cigarette of equal lethality as a bottle?
Everytime i play Mass Effect.

PEOPLE who are assholes need to be decked. Both men and women. THAT is equal rights. 
CAN WE PLEASE NOT PROMOTE VIOLENCE
You're allowed to hit girls if they aren't attractive.
Funny thing is, the girl who got the glass broken over her head recognized me and thought i did it.  Tried staring me down....told her she stank and to go back inside...her friends came and talked to me....almost had to lay out a midget black guy.....that would have been fun
You are justified to hit anybody in the face.
this happens so much LOL
Self defense, guy.
If only he had'nt enjoyed it so much.

He hit two people with one punch. That's some good hitrate right there. 
You're absolutely allowed to defend yourself, regardless of your attacker's physical features.
hurr hurr guiz he misspeld one wurd dis stori fak trolaelelaol
Your retardation is showing kid. Misspelling is one thing. Taking the time to misspell in the most autistic way possible just makes it really apparent that you have no life.
So claiming a story is fake because someone misspelled something isn't retarded? Maybe it's time you go back to 4chan bro.
Alright retard maybe try harder next time 
Not sure about that.
Thanks pop pop
didnthappen.jpeg.sayingdotjpegattheendofthingsdoesntmakeyourstoryanyfunnier.jpeg
Fuck off
There's a touchy topic. As a boxer, they . weren't justified. .As a man who's been on the wrong end of an abusive relationship, the double-standard is fucked up..Men . stronger naturally, so I think it's wrong to hit them, but there are extreme circumstances where you gotta do what you gotta do..I found that when a female is hitting you, your best option is to try to block it and restrain them/escape, or . like you're gonna hit them to scare them off..Sometimes a firm backhand is in order, although it's wrong, you are allowed to defend yourself. .Hitting a girl full force is not wrong, it's fucked up and makes you a piece of shit. I won't lie, I've resorted to a pretty firm backhand, but I was getting beat. .I'm not proud of it, but the rational part of my mind feels I was justified..I still wouldn't say a full force punch is anything less than scumbag status, even if it's an SRSer. Telling your family you're a rapist, while photo-shopping pictures after shooting you at your brother's funeral..Wait, nevermind, that was reneged at SRS. .But no, violence towards females isn't cool, in any situation. If it's that bad, that's where female friends/friends' sisters can help.
You're assuming they want to. They might not disapprove of her behavior. .I don't hit anyone, unless they try to harm me. Any adult that tries to punch me, regardless of gender, would be able to do harm. .Before it gets to that I will typically warn them, though and if they decide to ignore that, then they'll get hit. .They're the aggressor and they got a goddamn warning to back the fuck off. .It's not about it being cool, though, sir, it's about being justified. .In this case, some girl was pissed off some random dude would not give her a cigarette so she tried to give him a goddamn burnwound/scar. So I'd say a punch, even if it knocks her out, is if anything an underwhelming response, so definitely justified. 
Anyone could cause harm? If you're a man at all you can block most of their attacks. +2 Machismo .And if you hit a girl as hard as you can, you have .more of a chance of (seriously) hurting her than she would.
You are a scumbag in that situation, I stand by that..There are women that hour like men, but I doubt the can take hits like men, because we are the hunters/protecters and they're the birthgivers/nurturers (to over-simplify.).If it's a one of those female UFC fighters, I guess you gotta defend yourself, but that should be the last option..I'm not taking their side, just being logical here, you could kill a woman hitting her the right way, even if it isn't full force..I doubt a judge and jury would be sympathetic enough to plea your Murder down to a Manslaughter..Just use your head, sometimes you might have to swallow your pride, shit happens, but if you go in with the "I'm gonna knock her head off" mentality, you're a low-life in my eyes, and like I said, I've gotten my ass whooped a few more times than I liked to..And I've given this while topic thought because of that.
what were the social repercussions of you backhanding that women
What do you mean, exactly?
The fact that men are naturally stronger is very true, but very well known, among men and women. They should know what might happen if you come at someone trying to put a cigarette out on their face. Sorry to say, but holding back is something that you do with forethought, but your instincts don't feel the same way. 
-- The Whitest of all Knights
Oh fuck off, you really think it's acceptable to blast a woman in the face? That's like beating up a kid.
Ridiculously sexist comment.
Cool story bro. Tell me again how it's "justified" to punch a girl in the face.
Every human has it within them to act in a way that should earn them a punch in the face.  Whether or not that human takes such actions usually determines whether or not they receive the punch they so dearly deserve.
What kind of shit are you smoking that you think people die from one punch?
 .And these are all men. What kind of shit am I smoking?
Self defense! If she wants to throw down like a man, treat her like a man. What are you supposed to do, cop facial scarring because she has a vagina?
I think your retribution was a bit disproportionate (unlike in OP's story), and it is arguable that you provoked her to assault you with your rant.
Wut, they're only words. You don't hit someone just because they say stuff you don't like.
Well I didn't want to be assaulted, I just wanted to get out the frustration that was building within me. OP didn't start the confrontation, but I didn't start the physical violence.
Fair enough. My second statement is more from a legal perspective..Polite society isn't really structured for you to get out your frustrations by publicly ranting, though. A more diplomatic approach may have been a better idea.
Oh I absolutely agree with you! But on the plus side, I didn't throw a fist in her face or cause any visible damage..I wish I had the sense at the time to let her know how annoying she was instead of yelling at her drunkenly, but... Have you ever been drunk and frustrated?
I've never been drunk, but I've often been frustrated..Oftentimes, it's best to just let things go and (peacefully) separate yourself from the source of annoyance.
That's true. I was speaking from more of a legal standpoint there.
Whoever hits first is at fault - legally..It is the burden of the person being hit, to try to get away, and only if they can't get away, they're permitted to fight to disable a threat.  .Laws differ per jurisdiction, whether you've got a good (expensive) lawyer, whether you're white and punching victim was black, whether you're rich, powerful, influential, friends with the judge, etc..A guy near here recently was in a fight. Eyewitnesses saw them arguing, and saw the other guy poke him in the chest. They saw the guy go to the bathroom, and the poker follow him. (bad move on his part).  Dude comes out of the bathroom, and tells his wife they gotta go home.  Poker is found unconscious in the bathroom with his skull fractured in 17 places.  They tried to charge the guy with attempted murder. He was supposedly responsible for calling an ambulance for the guy he just beat the crap out of.  His lawyer argued the facts that the poker poked first, and followed him when he tried to get away from the situation. So he got off pretty much scott-free. Though he did lose his job. (he was a firefighter and EMT)..Nobody knows what happened in that bathroom, whether poker attacked the firefighter or vice versa. But poker hit first, and fireman tried to walk away.
Huh. That is insightful, thanks for sharing.
that's the gospel, brotha.
"And the award for things that never happened goes to..."
legally, no..logically, fuck yes..I think that if it's not a crime to blow smoke in someone's face, then it should not be a crime to punch said smoke blower in the face.
She tried to snuff out the cig on his face. That is assault.
i think there is more to this story...
Anon is an admirable savage. 
Damn that'll get you two years or more in prison here in Arizona.. I know a guy who got 2.5 years for punching a woman.. He fractured her jaw and and damaged some nerves.. He would have gotten longer time in prison if it wasn't for surveillance video.. the girl was hitting him with a beer bottle intentionally provoking her attacker.. 
If someone is attacking you with a beer bottle, you should be able to defend yourself using whatever means necessary. 
He must have either kept hitting her after she stopped agressing or had a terrible lawyer.  Probably way more than 1 punch.
Honestly speaking, there is a line that you can cross where physical harm is completely justified. Those who have never been in a fight, male or female, often cross this line. Those who have been in a fight, male or female, realize that being a bitch/asshole/whathaveyou isn't worth the possibility of physical harm. Everyone needs to get into a physical altercation at least once in their life. It doesn't even have to be serious, it can be in a controlled environment. But I fully believe that if everyone understands how fucking scary it is to get into a fight, you would have less passive aggressive assholes walking around. .Physical violence sucks. Why you would want to aggravate someone and risk physical violence directed towards yourself is beyond me. 
The threat of physical violence, should it not be able to be pacified by calm words, can sometimes only be pacified by more violence..If someone is . attacking you, words will do nothing; people in a frenzy can't hear shit. It's now progressed to the point where you unfortunately need to get physical also. The hope is that you know how to subdue someone without killing them, because that's just a mess.
Agreed. My mother tried to instill in me that violence was never the answer. My father decided to teach me and my brother different lesson. Violence is only the answer when no other answer is working. Plus side, only fight I've ever been was against a drunk guy. He only hit me like 5 times.......
Me and my 9 year old were in a wedding party. We were in the cake store and the bride and bridesmaide were having a convo, out of no where they look at my son and say to him "Real men never ever hit girls, no matter what." I thought "she probably means well, but that's my son, not hers"."No son, you can hit a woman, but only if she hits you first. Same goes to anyone" .(bridesmaid already hates me and didn't want me in the party because she think's i'll get drunk and hit on her friends.... which i did to get back at her.) Both the women looked at me like knives and tried to debate..I ignored them, took a knee and looked at my son in the eye to tell him exactly what my dad told me. .There will always be people who pick on those they see as week or unable to hit back, and those people need to be hit, and hit hard.

How relevant. A picture of my ex-wife.
Beating on fat bitches is always justified 
i agree but not only fat bitches,also regular bitches deserve the same justice + you get the satisfaction to hit something pretty.
If women want equality, shouldn't it be perfectly fine to hit them, as we would a man?
You know what they always say: "If women expect equal rights, then they better expect equal lefts."
Similar story, shitty ending..Sitting with two random chicks I had just met at the bar.  Everything is going well, invite them to my house down the street for drinks after.  Fat friend approaches and tells me to leave her friends the fuck alone.  Me being an asshole, tell her to go fuck herself and leave.  She tells me "that's what I thought, leaving before you get your ass beat."  Something along these lines, it was years ago..Right as I get to my driveway the fatty and her friends pull up beside me in their car.  Hamplanet gets out and tells me to get ready for muh whoopins.  I tell her if she gets close I'm gonna spit in her fucking face.  Chunkadunk rushes me and pulls her hand back for a slap.  And then . I land a huge loogie right in her face.  She puts her hands on her face and goes back to her car, I go inside..An hour or so later 5 cops show up at my door.  She had called the cops and told them I pulled a knife on her, I was arrested for menacing..Her friends "weren't available" to make statements, was her word against mine, fuck.  Luckily she didn't show up for court, charges were dropped.  Could have been worse, but I still got the night in jail and court date and shit.  
I fucking hate vengeful fat women, I hate liars even more..Sorry you had to endure that; I hope you don't have resentment for the world now :/
No way.  Life is too good to let petty people ruin it :)
He got jailtime despite acting in selfdefense? 'murica
it's because she was a woman. .Had she been a man he would have walked. .Yay ! Feminism ! /s
Yes, the injuries to her face were quite extreme.. "only in America" 
A cigarette could put out an eye or the least scar permanently. I believe he was justified.
Upvote for the fact that I did not have to zoom to read this. 
It's like mobile mode.
It would have been sexiest not to hit her.
That would have been real sexy.
I don't even want to know how you could describe it with that adjective.
justified.  the rule is never hit a lady.  she hits you first or tries some shit like that, she's not a lady.  punch away.
The rule is to never hit anyone, man or woman, unless they attack first. Just because you're a lady doesn't mean you get some kind of immunity.
Oh he's a boxer? How else are they going to practice, its fine.
They already practice on dead ones on hooks.
I prefer to practice on dead hookers
What's the difference?
"Son, never hit a lady, but always pound the ever loving shit out of a cunt."
Not pithy enough. I prefer "Never hit a lady, but punt a cunt." Insert appropriate pronouns and verbs where necessary.
That doesn't have the double entendre.
But that double entendre violates the rule "Don't stick your dick in crazy."
Not really...
Yeah, cigarettes kill people every day
If a man or woman did that to me I would clock them as well. I don't see how your gender should make you more socially acceptable to punch.
At least in the US, sadly gender has a huge impact (no pun intended) on that sort of thing.
I uppercutted a girl once square in the jaw because she was breaking my thumb. She had my thumb and was bending it really hard. I told her several times politely "please stop... stop... that hurts... you're breaking my finger... I'll hit you..." and she didn't stop. So BLAM. 
And then what happened?
It was in high school, everyone ranted about how I hit a girl. :S
Why did you let her hold your thumb..?
Why did you give her your thumb in the first place? She could have easily stolen it.
damnit, where is my nose.
Michael Jackson's house
You can't hit a girl, but you can hit a fat bitch.  
You can hit a girl if she deserves it. Too many cunts think they can get away with anything because guys aren't supposed to hit girls. Fuck that bullshit.
Honestly, I couldn't really hit anybody who was a lot weaker than me.  The same rule applies for guys as well.  
That's totally cool, but the "rule" that you can't hit someone because they have a vagina doesn't fly with me. If we want equal rights and treatment, it has to be in all things. 
It's all a matter of time. Also not sure what the fuck I read after seeing the other reply. lyke wut?
why? because i fat and u dont ;) for ur information i get a lot of pizza. more then you could ever think of HAHAHAA ;) so before you downvote me make sure you know who you are talking too ;) because they might be better then you at some stuff like getting McD and KFC. I got to go my mom is calling right now she wants to know if i want more nuggets ;) i bet you dont even have a nuggets, handsome ;) i bet you have a nice body or something ;) HAHA well toodaloo and guess what chicken nuggets isnt hard to get.. you just got to try hard enough and you will get. Foods is amazing.pce nicebody ;)
Those smileys make me want to tear puppies in half and beat kittens to death with the half-torn puppies.
Needs more "tee-hee."
Reading this was like watching a whale beach itself. 
Nice copypaste.
Wat.
copypasta
Smiley winky faces. A lot of them.

Why did I click that... Now I won't sleep
My dad's friend and him were leaving a bar one time and they came outside to see a man beating his girlfriend around. So my dad's friend (one of the toughest mother fuckers I know, have side story that's very entertaining if anyone wants to hear) walks over and tells the man to leave him alone. Typical shit talk goes down and the man throws a punch. My dad's friend wasn't drunk while the guy outside was. So he dodged the punch then hit him a few times and got off him and went to leave. The guy proceeded to start a fight and my dad's friend hit him a few more times and was about to leave when the guy's girlfriend jumped on my dad's friend's back and started to scratch, bite, claw and try to fishhook him. My dad responded by clocking her once right between the eyes. They then proceeded to get the fuck out of the parking lot..Then probably get high and watch Sanford and son or some shit.
Second story... Lay it on me.
Surely he will deliver
Yeah, let's hear this.
Do it faggot.
Waiting here 
ChiefBigGay is lame. We want the damn story.
Ok, back guys sorry..The second story:.(Same guy ofc) My dad's friend was a police officer in a small town in New Mexico near the Mexican border. He was working on a lot of cases making drug bust and dealing with all of the cartel stuff. He one day arrested a guy and the guy got charged for something and was sentenced to prison time. The guy's brother broke into my dad's friend's house in the middle of the night and started shooting at him. They had a gun fight and both ran out of ammo (no one was hit) so then the started fist fighting. My dad's friend ended up getting the best of the guy on the second story of his house. He then handcuffed him and proceeded to throw him out of the second story window face first. He got fired from being a police officer after this whole thing came to trial..Soon after, the sheriff called him and asked him if he was interested in being a deputy.
when you box you get worrying muscle memory, a friend of mine got hit by a woman, and parried and returned out of habit and her nose just exploded he just ran..Its all about how it looks in court
Oh man, I didn't think this was true until I started training for MMA..Hugging people feels weird now.....
I stopped MMA due to that, physical close proximity with other guys makes actual intimacy with your girlfriend less significant or special..We also had a mixed class and we trained with girls which was weird too as some of them were actually pretty attractive
What's the difference between MMA and gay sex ?.
An Orgasm.
If you're not the aggressor you're typically in the clear unless your reaction is seriously disproportionate. 
When getting into physical conflicts, make sure to .roportionate.egal.ccountable.ecessary 
Hold on bro, lemme just PLAN before you whoop my ass.
Remember no kicking. A shod foot is a weapon and will be considered deadly or lethal force if used to kick.
never underestimate the ability of a good lawyer to frame you poorly and make a jury ignore common sense..People can easily make the facts seem doubtful and sketchy but have certainty that you are an experienced well trained boxer who was under no real threat by this woman, and you only struck her out of anger for her "accidentally reaching to borrow your sunglasses or something ridiculous" that is supported by her group of friends..Juries are all human and it happens more often than we give it credit for, more often than not juries and people consider or factor in stereotypes and likelihood regardless of evidence or reason..either way its a lot of stress and a lot of bother for something relatively minor..If i was struck by someone like a woman (weak and no real threat) i would get a friend to video record and make it plan and clear that they will not and shall not touch me again else i will "defend myself".then if they did, they would get one punch..but even so, even if its totally justified striking someone, if they die (and it happens much more often than you think) even if you are blameless the resulting court case and investigation is no holiday and will be a stressful affair.
If she comes at you like a man treat her like a man. That's the rule my grandmother who ran her own bar told me. 
If you can hit like a big dog, you can get your ass whipped like a big dog.
women's rights... give her some lefts too
Of course, whales are not people so the worst you would get is animal cruelty. 
Nor are women
So female whales are just further from being human. 
Don't even get me started on black female whales.
Black Female Potato Whales?

100% justified. My rule is to never hit a girl I can obviously beat, unless she's about to do actual harm. Cigarette burns leave a scar (and fat bitches can hit damn hard)! 
50$ says this guy goes up to athletic looking women and beats them up for fun, because he has skillfully left them out of the rule.
Your rule is misogynistic! It shouldn't matter if the person pissing you off is a man or woman, gay or straight, a child or an old person you should never discriminate based on what a person is. . . If they are an asshole, and they have it coming  they need to get punched to the ground. 
All they have to do is walk towards you and not stop.
All they have to do is 
Is it just me, or does she get fatter as she rolls? Like a snowball picking up more snow as it goes. 
Bangarang!
...
I want video of this. Some dude punching a cow in the face is the equivalent of bedtime stories for adults- so soothing and leads to pleasant dreams.
here: . .it's the only part of the show i've ever actually watched.
Same, if the whole show was people punching those losers in the face I would watch it.
I didn't know where this was from until years later, the MTV logo wasnt there, and I was totally okay with it after I found out what Jersey Shore is. (Still kind of wish they all got the same treatment)
Could I interest you in a 
After it gets hit it limps away and the other cow is thinking, "get back over here baby"
Imagine the waves of fat jiggling back and forth as she crashes to the ground. They finally settle and all that is left is a huge mass of hambeast. 
Tell me more of this wondrous event.
You're so counter-culture.
When you define cultured as Jersey-Shore-watching, I'm gladly counter-culture.


Thank you for linking me to that.  The top posts are fucking awesome
Meh, used to be good.
 is somewhat better
Decline of greentext and rise of "episodic" content killed the sub.
Still has that stupid teehee shit. That was one thing I hated about FPS, and they started doing it a month or two after I started going there regularly. Damn shame it is.
That's why we have the sort by "top" function.Awww yye
No, it was a good idea but they just try way too hard.
They get upset if your story is about a fat person but doesn't include food or frequent mentions of BEETUS. Apart from the odd good post they're not much brighter than the planets they hate.
It did used to be good. Now it seems to be half FPS, half some kind of weird, self-loathing support group for fatties. I've been pretty confused about what happened for a while now.
I subbed for about a week a few months back because I like the real greentext fatty stories, but those just didn't do it for me. It's like all they did was try to one up each other with new terms to describe fat people. 
Back in the very beginning it was just people posting green text stories from /b/ and /fit/ and it was a great place to find them all. Then they got went through some kind of bullshit where they wanted to be more unique and grow as a subreddit and they got their heads up their asses  and started encouraging their retarded userbase to write their own shitty greentexts. So I unsubscribed after that and found it again recently and now I don't even know what the subreddit is supposed to be anymore. The thing where it's like some kind of support group is seriously confusing, does anyone know what the deal is with that? I even see fat people on other subreddits being like "I'm fat and want to stop being fat" and someone links them to .. Seriously what. 
Yeah. .Sometimes the over exaggeration and copious use of adjectives can be funny, but when every. damn. line. of the greentext goes to extremes to describe the fatties, it just gets tiresome. .The best contributions to . are ones that keep it simple while sharing some absurd fatlogic. They're few and far between these days.
If its a story less than 15 lines it is usually pretty good. Any post pulled from 4chan is good and generally follows that rules
Again, something was cool on 4chan, and then it got watered down by Reddit.
4chan itself was cool (relatively) before it was watered down by reddit
So edgy
3edgy5me
4chan was never, at any point, cool.
I've heard the reverse too, Reddit suffered as more channers came to the site. Dunno how true.
4chan suffered because 4chan ruined it. Channers came to reddit, which now suffers because both redditors and channers are here. Channers let slip to redditors about 4chan, and now there are redditors and channers on both Reddit and 4chan. They're both fucked.
/b/ is a lot slower these days. Like say now vs 2010..I think 4chan had a large emigration to Reddit mostly..But yeah 
Reddit first suffered as more non-IT types came to the site (it used to be more like Hacker News). Now it's suffering to a greater extent as more immature children/adolescents come to the site..I guess chantards would fit into both of the above demographics, but not neatly at all.
lern2hipster
4chan was cool until it was ruined by 4chan.
Damn 4chan. Ruined 4chan.
Damn Scots ruined scotland.

Welsh didn't ruin Wales, food did.
you werent justified to hit her, you were justified to destroy dat bitches face
Punch her until she's pretty

you do realise you just replied to someone who took the post off 4chan, not the actual anon who posted it...
no shit
Yeah but I think you were ok hitting her when she tried to burn you tho.
Mostley cause she's a landwhale.
Elbow right in her dorsal fin.
I'd sugarcoat it, but she'd probably eat that, too.
land planet
She is planet
she am fat
ham planet
The term is 'Ham Planet'. How many chromosomes are you missing?
My guess would be 20.
Gargantun
planet universe
or just a fat fuck bitch
Hamplanet
plamhanet
Plamaxy.
Hamdromeda Galaxy. 
hippopotamic land mass
elephantidal wave
Anybody want a peanut?
    
I had a buddy punch a girl in the face at a bar, and everyone was OK with it..Typical princess-complex whore who gets drunk and acts like she runs the world. Apparently she has been shooting off her mouth before we even get there. She's annoying and loud the whole time we are trying to have a few brews.Anyway, after a while of putting up with her my buddy and I decide to play darts. This drunk whore keeps saying she wants to play next. We assure her that after our game she can play to her heart's delight. Of course she thinks she should get what she wants when she wants it.After one of my buddy's turns he sets his darts on the bar and goes off to pee. When he comes back she is holding all his darts. He tries to get them back, but she's being a typical cunt. ."Fine" he says "We'll finish with one set" .so him and I just share 1 set of darts. I go, tally up the score and walk back to the line. My buddy steps up, and is ready to throw when "THE FUCK!" comes out of his mouth as he spins around. He starts reaching like he is trying to scratch his back. He turns around and I can see the gold and black fins of the dart sticking out..Drunk bitch had tossed a dart right between my buddy's shoulders. I help him pull it out, as the drunk girl laughs and snorts like a retard. My buddy gave me "the look" and I knew shit was about to get fo rill rill cereal..He calmly struts up to the drunk whore and gives her a downward right cross to the eye that knocked her right off the bar stool. Out cold. "Bitch!" he growled at her as she lay on the ground.Her friend starts freaking out and some people at the bar whipped out their phones. My buddy looked at the bartender, who just smirked, nodded slightly, and continued drying off the glass in his hand..It was pretty cool..Of course then we sped back to my place and got high and watched Sanford and Son. Spent the rest of the night noided out, expecting the cops to show up but never heard anything about it after that. Never went to that bar again either. 
I've had a girl shoot me in the chest with a blow-dart.. .Her faggot-ass, drunk boyfriend tried claim he did it. I flipped my shit, was ready to whip that dude's ass, just for taking the blame for her..He fucking ran out of the house.. I don't know why.. He had about 2 inches and 40 lbs on me.
We will be back after this commercial break with more "Stories that never Happened."
Should have went to that bar again. Maybe you'd have been an hero.

wtf- why did they get their camera out after the punch? Some people are just stupid
Justice Delivey Stamp of approval.
The part I love about this is that even if the cops did show up, your buddy's action could easily be dismissed as self defense. Somehow, the small legal touches put a nice seal on these situations for me. 
so proper
I want to believe.
I came
You should go back to the bar, likely the chick will be too embarrassed or possibly 86'd for assaulting a patron. Bartender might even buy you a beer for doing something he's probably wanted to do for months!
Jesus Christ on the Cross , I pray this is true.
If you were expecting the cops to show surely getting high wasn't the best idea? Having said that, if the story is true, i'm fucking proud son.
I have to ask if this part of the story is true and factual... the drying of the glass. Because if sheeba just got laid the fuck out and he didn't put the glass down, she . deserved that shit..nice work!
Crazy beats big.
Why is everyone bartender always drying a glass in every story? 
Because they subscribe to the workplace/service industry philosophy of 'If you've got time to lean, you've got time to clean'
Fuck is that an awesome story. 
What is this?  The 50s?  Bartenders don't just sit there with a towel drying glasses anymore.  
should've brought her to a police station, she could've been locked up for years for attemp in murder.
Why don't you come back when you've finished grade school?

[deleted]
Problems with this story that make you a faggot: if he was hit right between the shoulders he'd be hit in if my not mistaken the C7 or T7 vertebrae; he'd be paralyzed depending on if it severed from the waste down, if C7 then tetrapaligia. If not, a possible fracture could happen. Regardless, . Next; .. "."

Man, it would have been cool to call the cops instead of punching her and like citizen arrest her for assault. She'd get F'd in the A. 
golfclap.gif
was she hot or ugly?
You should read more
fo rill rill cereal. hahah awesome
This was like the icing on the story, fucking snorted. Reddit always has the best words, like niblings. Fun to say.
good use of the word noided.
I kind of doubt it happened exactly like that. Surely she would have had friends that called the police or even just random people there. 
for?
For a lady (or anyone) being punched in the face. Sure, you can say she deserved it, but it's still kind of a big deal, and I've seen cops called in local bars the second someone gets punched (especially if she is "out cold"). Either this is complete bullshit, or only some of it is bullshit.
Only person the cops would arrest, is the girl for Assault with a weapon/breach of the peace..The guys decided to leave the area to prevent further conflicts from arising and so would be allowed to walk free. Unless the one gentleman wanted to press charges against her then his information would be taken down.
Except he punched her in the face, and he could also be arrested. Then he left the scene, which he could also be arrested for.
Fleeing the scene for defense against assault?  Do you even criminal law?
"Leaving the scene of a crime" isn't an offence so I have no idea what you're talking about there. Fleeing can give probable grounds to get arrested but it's not illegal..Again he could have been arrested for punching her but he would most likely not be charged, since he liberally remained within the boundaries of use of force..You can be arrested for a lot of things, doesn't mean anything he did was illegal or that he would successfully charged with any of that.  .Edit: See minor assaults are usually just left alone, they're recorded but arrests aren't made. But because an assault at a bar usually becomes a big fight. They're usually arrested because once the police officer gives the perpetrator an appearance notice and leaves they'll just start fighting again. So they arrest the people on breach of peace to keep them from fighting again once they leave. 
Fleeing a crime scene (of a crime that you took part in) before it is assessed by an officer of the law could easily get you arrested. He didn't act liberally within any boundaries, he could have just left, and that would be the end of it. Instead, he used the full force of his arm and hit her in the face; how do you people not see what's wrong with this? Simmer your erection and actually think about it. 
HE WAS STABBED IN THE BACK YOU MORON. IF THE DART HIT HIS SPINE HE COULD KISS HIS NORMAL LIFE GOODBYE.
You're assuming an incredible amount thinking that that woman wouldn't continue to attack him. Or that her assault with a weapon as intimidation to leave the bar would have ended after they gave in..I think you're looking at this scenario with an incredible amount of sexism. You're assuming that this girl did something "cute and funny" because she was a girl. And obviously women aren't dangerous or bad people. But in reality she could have easily paralyzed this man. And he acted accordingly and defended himself against a violent assailant.  
I never said she was in the right, just that he was in the wrong. She was drunk and stupid, but she wasn't going to chase them if they left the bar 

Turn off the caps lock buddy. Yes, with the right force and the right placement she could have done some damage, but she didn't. However, do you understand what getting punched in the face is actually like? A normal man could easily shatter the jaw of a person with his fist. 

Why is that bartenders are always drying glasses? They literally don't do anything but serve alcohol and dry. And most of the time it's just the former one. I've never actually seen then wash them. Just always.fucking.drying.
Are we talking before or after the punch?
does it matter?
I'd hope so, or else somebody needs to work on their technique.
I would have just started tossing darts at her.
Its a way of looking busy when there isnt anything to be busy with. If you dont look busy you get sent home..Source; I work in a nightclub.
And if this is such a common rule, how has no one been called on their bullshit yet?
Was a bartender for a while - usually there's a machine made just for washing glasses and mugs that's sort of hidden behind the actual bar. It's quiet and works underwater, so usually, you can never tell when a bartender is washing dishes..And seriously, even in a small bar, if you have any drinks going out in glasses, that shit adds up quickly..Bartending is like 95% dish washing.
Or this is Planet Earth where all kinds of different people live in all kinds of different places where all kinds of different opinions and ideas allow for all kinds of different outcomes for all kinds of different situations. .The cops probably were called but how the hell would they get to their house?
They are pretty serious about finding people whenever someone is hurt. Getting knocked out and simultaneously falling off of a bar stool could really hurt someone.  A lot of people in the bar would have seen his face. Any place I've ever lived, you can't just knock someone out around a bunch of people and get away with it. 
Be glad.
She was also disturbing peace AND she threw a dart in his friends back! 
Because they don't stop drying.
Come back when you can into readin's
My point is that they wouldn't have gotten away with it so easily, and it is probably bullshit. 
Wow..I usually call people summerfags just as an uninspired insult. But you are pretty obviously an actual underage b& fag on his summer breaky wakey poo..You should probably kill yourself and take the other cancer with you
You don't provide any sort of argument. You disagree with me, so you insult me. That is what small children do
Oh, so now she's the victim?.You're probably bullshit!
Oh yes, great retort, I'm glad you're having a good summer break. Starting high school next year?.She may have started the whole ordeal, but he PUNCHED her in the FACE. You can't just do that, I realize everyone here wants to masturbate to this story of "male glory," but it doesn't add up.
She literally stabbed him. After stealing his shit. That's provocation enough..And no matter where you are, Cops don't magically appear the second you call 911.
Im sorry but what?? Yes....  he punched her in the face.... SHE THREW A FUCKING METAL SPIKE INTO HIS BACK..Are you kidding me? Completely unprovoked she throws a metal spike deep into his back, he reacts out of anger and you take her side? .Its not man glory, its just satisfying to hear a story of anyone (male or female) who thinks they are just untouchable top shit getting what they honestly deserve. .She was obviously an absolute bitch, as was the girl in the original submission who tried to put a cigarette out on the guys face. .If a guy throws a dart into the back of a girl and she walks up and hits him in the face are you going to take the guys side?.Oh yeah, and you're acting like the police response time is going to be 5 seconds or something. I don't exactly see how they would have tracked these two guys down, let alone pressed charges. Who at the bar would have known their address or names? How exactly would the police find them? As far as charging the crime, especially since there would have been a lot of witnesses that would have seen a highly provoked response to her attacking him I doubt any court would have even charged it, this would be so easy to get off on unless you have an extremely sexist judge or a serious history of assault. .He just had a woman assault him with a deadly weapon for no reason while he was drunk... .I don't hit women, never had, but fuck me. Never had a bitch throw a dart into my back either, she deserved it in every single way. Just as if a guy did the same thing. .Logical response (and the more satisfying one) would have been to toss her to the ground, make a citizens arrest and call the police, making sure not to remove the dart, especially without taking photos. Camera evidence and witnesses would have had her charged with straight up assault. Only pity with this plan is she would get a slap on the wrist, not the criminal charges she deserves..EDIT: You said in a comment further down any place you've lived if you did that cops would be able to find you from a rough description from the drunk people who saw him at a bar? How fucking small is the town you live in, cause it sure aint a city. Not to mention how much do you really know about the justice system? Because it sounds like you have had little to no interaction with the law, and really aren't any sort of authority to be trying to spout the utter bullshit that you are..Also if you have any issue with what I'm saying, I'm more than willing to debate it. Just keep it on point, and if you want to make claims, or state 'facts' you better be able to back them up because as far as I can see you've been talking absolute shit.
[deleted]
Uh, no, I'm a dude. It doesn't matter that she is a girl.
[deleted]
Dude, shut the fuck up

The darts probably belonged to the bar, not him. And she literally threw a dart at him, she didn't plunge a knife into his back. Yes, cops don't get there immediately, but unless this is from a town with a huge population and a lot of crime, the police probably would have found them. 
Gets stabbed. Can't hit back. I call bullshit.
He wasn't stabbed, he was hit with a throwing dart. Yeah, it hurts and draws blood, but it's hardly a stabbing. I can guarantee you that being hit in the face and then falling to the floor from a bar stool can do a lot of damage, people don't understand what being hit in the face is actually like; it's not like the movies, you generally end up breaking bones and/or knocking out teeth. Fists are powerful.
In my opinion everyone's at fault in the situation but of you get hit in between the shoulders with a throwing dart there's a chance of serious nerve damage or paralyzation. If I could have been made a cripple someone's getting a goddamn uppercut.
Yeah because local police would never have a hard time finding 2 nameless people going off nothing but the description given by a bunch of drunks and an incoherent whore..Why don't you just post "never happened" and come right out as the cancer that you are, rather than trying to dress it up with prolix
Now she is a whore too? I get it, you just want to see these women dealt "justice" because some whore cheated on you and now you hate women, so you desperately want this to be true. Good policemen could find them.
An attention whore is still a whore.
Yep.You do realise that I'm OP and I was there, so I dont WANT it to be true. I know it to be true. I was there you moron. .You're adorable. How's summer break going so far for you? Mommy gonna take you to the water park this year?
Yes, good policemen exist, and they do their job. Of course you were there, and you saw all this go on in your head, because it didn't happen. 
Also, glad to see my insult was good enough to use back on me. Mighty brave of you.

Do bartenders really stand around drying off glasses?
Really depends on what type of bar it is..Generally you're supposed to always look busy though.
If westerns have taught me anything, drying glasses is 90% of a bartenders job. 
Not in Australia!.In the clubs and pubs, they generally have a dedicated staff member who runs glasses back and forth between the bar and the back where the industrial dishwasher is. He'll bring out a tray of clean (and dry) glasses, and take back a tray of dirty glasses. Rinse and repeat (literally, ha!).

Not in Australia!.In the clubs and pubs, they generally have a dedicated staff member who runs glasses back and forth between the counter and the back where the industrial dishwasher is. He'll bring out a tray of clean (and dry) glasses, and take back a tray of dirty glasses. rinse and repeat (literally, ha!).  ( ^_^) .Let me fix that for you (automated comment unflipper) 
my god i hope they start a war.
I've never seen one dry a glass outside of tv shows and cartoons.Usually theres a drying rack of some sort. 
And they still have to polish it for water spots. I work in a restaurant with a bar and I spend A LOT of time at other bars with lots of friends who are bartenders. I see them polishing glasses very often.
Not a bartender, but I work in a restaurant (bus boy) and yeah, when the boss comes around, you just polish a glass to look busy..He must know.
[deleted]
Its actually just polishing. All of the glasses are washed by a heavy duty washing machine in the back. If your glass looks "dirty" its actually just dried water from the machine on it that leaves a mark. But I assure you its clean. .All we do by hand is remove that dried water so it looks shiny. 
[deleted]
Sadly, I work in a country club, so all payments for food are done electronically and automatically, and there are no tips :(.Just imagine how much those fuckers would tip. They already pay 25 grand a year to be members there, I'm sure they could afford to tip nicely.
If they have a boss around yeah. Looking busy 101
perfectly justified.
this is the reason my bar went to plastic tipped darts.

Who is that?
Snooki from the show "Jersey Shore" 
Snoo-Snoo
That was really hard to watch. Source link even more so
Snooki from Jersey Shore. 
Honestly, the first few lines had me thinking that's where the story was going... up until the darts.
Bitch shoulda shut her mouth.
I fucking came
why did he punch her?  And did he clip the middle guy as well, or does it just look that way?
looks like he definitely clipped that guys nose. Could easily have broken it.
He didn't break anything. He caught him across the face with the back of his forearm which probably didn't feel great but I imagine it's better than getting getting hit by a fist.

That just said Snooki was punched by a New York gym teacher
Someone the world should forget. 
The guy was completely in the wrong her and she did not deserve to get punched. Basically this jersey shore crew showed up at this bar and started buying drinks and shots for themselves and their friend. .That asshole guy in the clip was basically stealing their drinks and telling them to fuck off whenever they said anything about it. The woman who got hit was yelling at him once again, for stealing their drinks, and then the guy just turned and sucker punched her in the face. .That guy was actually a teacher and he ended up losing his job for assaulting her in that episode. 
suck shit asshole
Thanks..
What a shit head
Dude went full drunkard.You never go full drunkard
Dude went full drunktard.You never go full drunktard
shit, if you still look like a douchbag next to jersey shore guidos, you should not be a fucking teacher
Turns out that even people whose livelihoods depend on being an exaggerated stereotype of a Jersey guido can't outdo the real thing.
And he's not a teacher anymore. So I guess in the end, it was still justice porn.
One of the comments from source:
No, but they smack . 
Fuck that bullshit.
The irony is strong with this one
This irony is delicious.
I would have rather seen her get assault with a deadly weapon then just a crack in the face. Her black eye will heal and now she's the victim. You should have just calmly removed the dart and then acted like you were leaving, letting her go on with her drunk revelry, but secretly go outside and call the police. Room full of witnesses etc etc. Having that on her record pretty much fucks her from ever getting any real gainful employment and if you had "nerve damage" the settlement would have been bitching! 
Bitch move right there.
You want to ruin the girls life for being a drunken cunt?  The fucks wrong with you?  I'm sure she learned her lesson from getting knocked the fuck out and will picture the scenario in her head next time she's about to go full retard.  No need to ruin the bitch's life over being a drunken retard.  Go back to your basement, neckbeard.
8/10 troll, not bad.
Ehh, more like 6/9
2/3, reduce your fucking fractions.
In that case the original would be 4/5
2/2.5
Don't be ridiculous. 
Nah, definitely 2/3
The Sanford and Son really tied the story together.
and the "fo rill rill cereal" added some flavor to it as well
*flava
Then the bartender gave him $100
That girl's name... Albert Einstein.
Iunderstoodthatreference.gif
Ididnotunderstanditatall.asf
The university professor challenged his students with this question. Did God create everything that exists?
A student bravely replied yes, he did!"
"God created everything?" The professor asked.
"Yes, sir," the student replied..The professor answered, "If God created everything, then God created evil since evil exists, and according to the principal that our works define who we are then God is evil."
The student became quiet before such an answer..The professor was quite pleased with himself and boasted to the students that he had proven once more that the Christian faith was a myth..Another student raised his hand and said, "Can I ask you a question professor?" "Of course", replied the professor. The student stood up and asked, "Professor, does cold exist?"."What kind of question is this? Of course it exists. Have you never been cold?" The students snickered at the young man's question..The young man replied, "In fact sir, cold does not exist. According to the laws of physics, what we consider cold is in reality the absence of heat. Everybody and every object is susceptible to study when it has or transmits energy, and heat is what makes a body or matter have or transmit energy. Absolute zero (- 460 degrees F) is the total absence of heat; all matter becomes inert and incapable of reaction at that temperature. Cold does not exist. We have created this word to describe how we feel if we have too little heat..The student continued. "Professor, does darkness exist?".The professor responded, "Of course it does"..The student replied, "Once again you are wrong sir, darkness does not exist either. Darkness is in reality the absence of light. Light we can study, but not darkness. In fact we can use Newton's prism to break white light into many colors and study the various wavelengths of each color. You cannot measure darkness. A simple ray of light can break into a world of darkness and illuminate it. How can you know how dark a certain space is? You measure the amount of light present. Isn't this correct? Darkness is a term used by man to describe what happens when there is no light present.".Finally the young man asked the professor. "Sir, does evil exist?".Now uncertain, the professor responded, "Of course as I have already said. We see it every day. It is in the daily example of man's inhumanity to man. It is in the multitude of crime and violence everywhere in the world. "These manifestations are nothing else but evil.".To this the student replied, "Evil does not exist sir, or at least it does not exist unto itself. Evil is simply the absence of God. It is just like darkness and cold, a word that man has created to describe the absence of God. God did not create evil. Evil is not like faith, or love, that exist just as does light and heat. Evil is the result of what happens when man does not have God's love present in his heart. It's like the cold that comes when there is no heat or the darkness that comes when there is no light.".The professor sat down..The young mans name --- Albert Einstein
And Gabe come out of the bathroom holding a box full of copies of Half-Life 3, giving them to everybody.
[deleted]
2edgy
Then Jennifer Anniston walked in and gave OP a handjob
Just a handy? 
With her hooves?
You've got Sarah Jessica Parker on your mind.
Nah, I don't think anybody wants to have Sarah Jessica Parker on their minds.
lol. this guy thinks a woman would have gotten in trouble for assaulting a man. how sweet!
next he'll tell ya women actually get speeding tickets!
I can't believe how true it is but attractive women (practically) never get speeding tickets. 
patriarchy!
lol. this guy thinks a dart is a deadly weapon..lol. this guy thinks cops (or anyone) would give a shit even if it was a man..lol. this guy thinks that a room full of drunk people are credible witnesses..lol. this guy thinks having an arrest on your record will ruin your life..lol. this guy has no idea how the real world works and is probably a bitch-ass tattletale 12 year old.
Solid
This story is better if you read it with the . playing in the background
god damn I miss that show
What faggot commented .?
Wow...it's way better...and funnier. Thank you for that.
what have I done 
I was listening to the MGS3 opening theme, and it worked pretty well.

[deleted]
Hey, fucknut, don't diss MGS' scoring.
Fuck yeah, it is better!
Night just got 10X better
Wow. Someone on this sub bought you gold. Impressive..edit: Why
So I just comment here and get reddit gold then?
two people got gold... wtf
One of you fuckers better buy me gold too.
dude fuck reddit gold. i wouldnt be caught dead with that shit.
Don't be such a bitch and you can get some, too.
I'll do my best to stop being a bitch, but that's asking a lot.
Wow. Someone on this sub bought you gold. Impressive.
Wow. Someone on this sub didn't buy you gold. Impressive
Ha, you wanted a karma gold train. Looks like it was just a car and a caravan.
Wow. Everyone on this sub refused to buy you gold. Get your shit together.
Good luck
IM SORRY 
Unsurprised. Someone on this sub didn't buy you gold. Unimpressive.
Not for you.
Dream killer :(
To be fair, he is a cock-jobbling faggot..Just kidding, you know I love you<3
Since swearing is still filtered out on my phone somehow I'm going to assume you said cake-gobbling.
I actually did. <3.COCK-JOBBLING FAGGGOTTT
it's all downhill from here
[deleted]
 
I got the same feeling after watching the beginning of "Way of the Gun".
I've got a semi murder boner actually. 
Boooomm HEADSHOT
I got a raging violence boner.
Sadly it wasn't one of those (sometimes fake) stories where the hitter doesn't run and a cop rushes in, stops in place, looks down at the unconscious hit guy then high-fives the hitter or gives him The Nod then leaves. 

I've got a raging this-never-happened boner.
Sometimes I hear/read stories that for some reason strike me as untrue. This is one of those stories. 
You must be the shut-in who never sees anything happen, right?
Yeah, that's right  Because the bartender in that story sounds . like a bartender out of every sitcom ever..Standing there wryly grinning while drying a glass ..
I want a glass my ass. 
It also sounds like every bartender ever in real life.  (Unless all you go to are the packed, loud party bars).
You don't get out much, do you?
Well, I prefer dives.  Given the place in the story was set in a place with only one dart board that was located very near the bar, it's likely a small place..But no.. go ahead blindly charging on and saying stupid shit.
You were a fan of ., weren't you?
you can just type 
Mr.Manager!
We just say manager 
Wow! I'm Mr. Manager!
the privilege was checked or not?
 
"How about five cross yo lip"
Where's this from? 
Sanford and son
"Five across the eyes" - married with children
And I meant to post my comment on the comment of the person who said he liked Sanford and son. Whoops.
Good job, friend.

Whoa, I'm jealous, that kid is living the dream.
A how-to guide for raising your own neckbeard, I can't wait to get my starter set in the mail.
What a fucking waste
what does this have to do with anything
The kid sounds like he's retarded or something.
His dad was brainwashed by the cult of apple
Lies if the kid was that abandoned he would have watched a lot of TV.
Is the joke that Anons gay?
I bet the guy is a redditor and 4chaner
_>blond hair and blue eyes.What a waste, could have been a glorious master race.
[deleted]
My thoughts exactly.
OP didn't say how long ago this was. 70k was a high paying job in the 80s.
[deleted]
Hey, that's the top percentage of .incomes in South Dakota.
Are you genuinely retarded?
...why is this nsfw? i have scanned this down and can't figure it out?
No it doesn't
Because in the last panel the karma whore has a boner.
Good heavens
Yeah it does
And then all the comments talk about hating reddit but the posters have over 6k karma.
Nobody said that. I like this sub-reddit, but the content is getting worse because (not the only reason obviously, but still) people who should have posted their crappy lefacebookgem to . posts it on 4chan and then printscreens it to send it here instead.
I find the more karma you have, the more you hate reddit.
Because then you realize it's just a game to whore fake Internet points. The stuff that actually matters doesn't usually make it very far because everyone just wants to brag their karma
I personally could give two fucks less if I had zero karma, I just happen to have some because apparently I don't post things as if I had aids seeping from my fingertips.
Even if a submission doesn't conflict with one of the rules in the sidebar, reporting it will increase the chance of having it removed. Mods don't like shitposts either. 
This is the only sub-reddit I visit almost every day, because there's always at least one post that sort of makes me smile..I can take the 4chan shit posts, because here I only have to go through 10 of them before I find something good - not anywhere near the endless stream of shit in between the good stuff over at 4chan..But I feel like I really don't need leEdgyredditors shit posts, funneled through 4chan back here. I mean.. come on, don't ruin this.
take your own advice, you god damned nigger! 
I only care to contribute/have the time for one board so I come here to see the "funny/interesting" stuff from the other boards without having to wade through 3 years of cancer.
Yeah.. and that's sort of my point. Some people go to incredible lengths to get karma, all sub-reddits are full of those people, but this one use to have a lot less of those guys. Now though, the "3 years of cancer" are leaking in - but not because 4chans content is getting way worse, probably more because of karma whoring. 
I think it would be sweet if this board did to every post what . did to meme's. It would wade out the Karma whoring faggots pretty quick.
For those of us who haven't occupied that board forever, what did they do?
They made meme posts self post so you can't get karma for it. I'm not subbed either but I heard about it and went over there to see what was going on. Naturally the karma fags went ape shit.
Same for me.. But even on this sub there are just a few really good posts. The rest is mildly entertaining at best, and some are just "lel lel karma whore on reddit off my 4chans post''.
only sub that makes me laugh more is when people don't understand r/cringe and r/cringepics and they put shit in there that went over their head.

It's like going through a kiddy sanbox in your backyard vs an oversized litterbox, there is still lots of catshit and special kids playing in it- but there is a lot less turds over grain of sand.
tard thread?
Guns won this country faygets
You'll cowards don't even shoot guns
/k/ are the lowest life forms on 4chan.
/k/ is one of the better boards, so long as you go on at night and ignore troll & /pol/ threads. 
i dare to say its quite the opposite , chap
Waaaawaaaagunswaaaaaaaawaaaaaaa
Go away newfriend. You know /b/ has that place, not /k/.
It's definitely /mlp/. 
Faggot
Then they got nuked by Ghandi.
Corner? I barely knew 'er!
Too bad Dorner is dead.
K
wat
More Dorner. Great.
It's like diet cancer, or cancer lite
cancer starts with c.corner starts with c.CAN't CORNER THE DORNER BITCH!
I seriously saw that coming a mile away. The word "corner" has just become a massive tip-off to some Dorner thing.
So did I and because I am a giant faggot I still laughed at it.
Well, we can be giant faggot bros.

We're all gunna make it brah
Except you 
You caught me, faggot. 
Have you learned to crop yet?
Hey Neck Tie, how's the job hunt going?
Those favourites honestly made me have to downvote..Wtf dude that's some gay ass shit.
cba
Aww, is someone unemployed?
ITT: no one discusses the actual content because OP didn't crop out bookmarks/tabs.
Look at OP's stupid faggot favourites, what a fucking beta.
10/10 
Those fucking favorites, Jesus OP. .Tryhard?
I'm crying this made me laugh so hard
Take a shit and then be 10 minutes late to class.
FAGGOT
this
sure sounds a lot like finch in American Pie
Those bookmarks are cringe material.
Sorry about the unemployment, OP.
dem tabs. crop much? lel

On a typical Friday night I am .Trying to figure out the social and political ramifications of the separation of powers doctrine... well that or partying like a rock star.
Look at OP's favorites. OP is a /fa/ggot
Thanks OP! This made my day!
OP has his OkCupid profile in his submitted history...
Hey OP can you enlight me on the art of manliness?
Tons of posts in ....
OP must be Dapper as fuck
Real me real style is what is making neckbeards wear suits everywhere.
Can't tell if all these faggots are being baited by OP's transparent bookmark and tabs ruse
His post history shows lots of activity in . and .. This could be real.


I didn't even read the story. How are you still looking for work when you're dressed so nicely?

You think you are manly?
He's a man's man.
those fucking favorites jesus
Cropping. Do you know it?
Your screenshot taking skills are legendary.
Dude, you should keep searching jobs instead of browsing 4chan.
Yes. We all need to get off these sites. Faget.
Unemployed? Looking for a suit and tie?
Boston scientists discovered this one trick tailors hate!!!!!

not at ALL
Your favorites are fucking ridiculous. 
God the poor kid probably wears fedoras and think it's all class
The Effortless Gent? The Art of Manliness? the story didn't make me laugh but your favorites did
I'm surprised he doesn't have the link to ..
Did not know about that one. Thanks!
You gave it away with that one man
Beta faggot
I knew it was a fake because nothing ever happens in a symbolic logic course.
I was waiting to read the end, because seriously, how old would the guy be ?
I read this title and listened to Avril Lavigne for an hour.
Forever alone ;_;
What does hyper submissive mean 
For the first time in human history, OP was honest... truly a great day.
So... that's not everyone's type of dream girl..?
tipical anon
I think he neglected to mention hand-holdless
He's probably held his own hand
:(
aww :(
Would probably have killed myself by now if I was a kissless virgin neckbeard.I respect those people for still being alive tbh
Sounds about right
Comments graveyard ahead.

This is anon's dream? CHRIST.
fuck!! i was so happy
Eating ass and sucking toes as a romantic gesture  leading up to taking somebody's virginity.  Sure, why not?
OP is a faggot. An honest faggot, but a faggot none the less.
holy fuck if it was possible to be any more omega this guy would be it
And that's why you're on 4chan anon
I guess the jokes on you.
I don't know what to believe. 

I admire your effort.
:(
Goddamn, I wanna cry...
When there's no karma involved people will actually admit to lying.
....So, this is the epitome of the greentext?
Uhm... That's my story EXACTLY!.Just that it's true.......
I'm H. D. K. V. N. 
Well I'm cool with anons bullshitting like this as long as they keep it believable and obvious that they are.
Brb killing myself.
10/10
Kill yourself.
Oh.
It's like Askreddit, except actually honest
This.Signposted this
i fucking loled
Cool story.
0/10
Hugless is a thing? 
Just an exaggeration.  Probably closer to me.  Hugged, kissed, dated, but never had any sort of sexual interaction besides kissing/hugging..TL;DR: Beta baby.
Seriously. I lost my huginity at 5, and that was late.
To be hugless I think you must the most beta person to ever don a fedora.
Change is possible. Just use a razor. 
And take of the damn hat, you are indoors anyway!
I thought the razor was for the hat?
It's not the neckbeard on the outside that counts. It's the neckbeard on the inside.
I don't think so. The only way would be to not ever leave your house once in your life. If he is hugless, that's pretty impressive and I give him props for that.
I think I was hugless untill I was 15 if I remember correctly, does that count?
That's quite a streak. Why'd you end it? Not as impressive as a grown man never being hugged though.
it's for his wrists 
So since everything on the Internet is a lie, does this mean this story actually happened?
we deep now

When he said he had a 25 year old professor I knew it was fake.
Well, OP said she was a student professor, so that's around the right age. The part that threw me off was when she gave him her number because he aced the test.
Well, once someone describes themselves as being chivalrous you can't believe a thing they say. 
damn, being chivalrous is part of my tattoo. i never realized everyone thought i was full of shit while telling them about it. i am really full of shit though
m'lady
Mfw I'm a septic tank 
He could be, but that would never result in a girl falling in love him.

God dammit your name is better than your comment. Fucking lol'd
damn that's a good one
:(
;(
I pretend to believe everything I read on the internet because it makes everything funny 
So do I..I'm such a faggot.
who do you pretend to?
Himself shh it's a secret.
Lying irl is one thing but on the net? idk
You don't think people would go on the internet and really make stuff up?
[deleted]
(n)edgy(n+2)me
[deleted]
this one was already said dumbshit..and p.s. it is (n)edgy(3n-2)me
Ok
Could be (n)edgy(n
(n)edgy( 2. )me

Your username is the funniest thing I've seen on Reddit today. 
Fuck, I thought the formula was (n)edgy(2n)me..Failed that final.
Test your formula bro. By that logic the standard reply joke of 3edgy5me would be 3edgy6me.
Plus theres 9edgy11me
Did you carry the one?
I laughed.  I cried.  This story has everything.
I lost 5 lbs.
I lost my virginity 
Unlike OP.
Unlike us all. 
I cry evertym.
Lyk dis. 
Pop tart
text me pls
plz respond
send pusy pic
Bae cawt mi awn reddit

Lets be honest. Half of the people maybe are basement dwellers, 35% kiddies and the rest normal people. I saw a demographic graph like that
Seems legit, seriously though not sarcastic. 
First off, it's 4chan... fairly sure 99% of greentext are complete bullshit. Second off... "decide to go steady"? Seriously? Pretty sure this kid isn't even in High School yet, much less College.
Yeah I kind of assumed that last part from the very beginning anyway.
Who thought it was anything else? That entire story is the stereotypical fantasy of a neckbeard that watches too much hentai.
I imagined a prepubescent child who was not yet capable of growing a beard. (You know, disregarding the whole 'college' thing).
If this story were done by someone not yet in college it would have first appeared on reddit
Trust me, since about 2008 4chan has become a swarming ground for 15 year olds. Reddit is headed in the same direction, but 4chan has been there for a long time. 
High schooler here.  Can confirm.  Our junior class got quite pissed when the school WiFi blocked 4chan.
Mfw people can't grasp the use of a proxy. 
I think reddit will be safe. All the 15 year olds will stick to . and .. And this is just me, but when I first visited reddit I was a little intimidated and afraid of looking like a 15 year old, so I lurked for a bit and learned the ways of the average reddit user before actually posting anything.
Nigger.
I had a 5th grader comment on something of mine on reddit a while back
That's inevitable. There will always be more 15 year olds. The best way to deal with the little bags of shit is to teach them how to be less shitbaggy and more bagfullofcoolwisestuff... like us of course..When a 15 year old speaks I always listen. When I see a flaw in their logic (which there inevitably is) I challenge the flaw. They usually come back with some 15 year old rebuttal that attempts to justify their juvenile opinion. Again, I challenge the flawed logic. Two things happen - they either throw a fit and start calling names and run from the situation to be alone with their thoughts or a puzzled/intrigued grin crawls across their shitbag face and it dawns on them that they may have possibly made a mistake. This usually impresses them in and of itself because everyone know 15 year olds know everything.
The trick is parents should be reasoning with the children from day 1, so that they don't grow up into teenage shitbags. 
I'm pretty sure every teenager is a shitbag. It's inevitable.
You could always just kill them or in the case of most not have one at all if you yourself are a retard.
There are worse ways of dealing with things.
My dad would always explain things by leading me to the answers through questions and my own reasoning. And if he didn't know I was required to go research the topic and tell him about it. Best dad ever. 
I trust you
Yeah because Jalapenos are like SO HOT. .They are like fucking pickles lel
whut

Hope you die OP
Why would that make someone cry
You fucking oaf
Because girl heard that it was for kid and thinks dad is going to make kid eat it.
Because this never happened.

Can you believe this is the second time I had to link 
Oh, like the Fresh Prince intro, that's funny.
HE FORGOT THE HEAD TWIRL AT THE END! OP FORGOT THE HEAD TWIRL AT THE END!
10/10 Did not expect that.
Obvious from West Philadelphia
Stopped reading after west Philadelphia and continued the fresh prince of bel-air in my head.
Obviousfag.
I expected it from the word "fresh".
holy shit 2spooky567me
So funny back in 2007.
That was pretty obvious, but it was still good. 
Too bad he didn't take a cab until he got to L.A. He took a plane from Philly. Fucking faggots.
God damn casuals.
According to my calculations, that would cost around $8,190. 
Really, I thought it was a bit closer to tree fiddy.
Man, I tell ye'!   I was sittin thar, fishin when a hungry hungry hobo walked up and sat with me, tellin' me of his problems.  After a while, I asked if I could do anything for him, and he said "Well, I need about.. tree fiddy."  It was at this here time I realised this hobo was a 200 foot long Plesiosaur from the Late Cretaceous era.
2poop4pants
Way too obvious from the first sentence.
It was supposed to be obvious though, wasn't it?
This was the stupidest thing I've seen in the last twelve minutes.

You see, the joke is that the original poster was expecting something truly horrifying, but instead received a reference to the popular TV show ..
You could say that OP was coaxed into a SNAFU.
dat rosslz my jommgys
Thanks for clearing that up
No problem.
Newfags don't know how to grrentext...


0/10
Thank you for the cancer comments faggot.
thank god summers almost over
let's get some of that comment cancer, that OP was nice enough to include in the crop, in here as well.

I like how he had a fedora . a trilby.
Only had a fedora and trilby. Fucking pleb didn't have a backup fedora in his fannypack.
TF2
Don Mattrick vi Britannia-
COMMANDS YOU TO DIE!
Fucking cancerous idiots. That Mattrick cunt is the reason Microsoft went to shit even before Xbox One.
I agree
I'm surprised there was no hidden "an hero" jokes. 
Mattrick is Snape ftw the light will shine again
He has an impressive pedigree of shit I hate
Next up, advertising for Facebook?
He's tearing them down from the inside so you can have better games. Goddammit wsgy1111, be grateful.
Your consciousness has no mass...
Who said I'm conscious?
Lel
kek
Top kek

"Particles cannot be weightless.".That is so fucking wrong..weight=/=mass.Fucking dumbass.
So many people misunderstanding physics up in hee-ya.
It's technically called "The Speed of a Massless Particle."
Neutrinos? Higgs boson? Shwah?
Light . mass...
Photons do have mass but it is so small it is often called massless to simplify concepts/equations when working with it.
If photons had mass, it would be impossible for them to move at c. They have no mass.
Guis. pls..Light has no . but it does have .
this also means it has no rest energy but it has relativistic energy..Rest Mass is a particle's mass from the same inertial reference frame i.e. as if it were at rest. Light has none of this. Rest energy is the energy equivalence to rest mass. They are interchangeable via E = mc.Relativistic Mass is their relativistic energy divided by c. . Light's energy is independent of mass and equals h*f. This means its relativistic mass is hf/c. Note that it's momentum is its rel. mass times c; hf/c (or h/ because f/c = 1/)
I thought light had no mass which was why it was "the speed limit of the universe."
that equation is a special case.  The general form is.E=gamma mc
Fuck me, I like watching science people talk about space shit all the time and I still don't think I fully comprehend how light is both a particle (photon) and a wave.
Everything's a wave. . a wave. I fucking hate physics sometimes.

Shut up, Gabe.
No, it doesnt, if it had mass it would take an infinite amount of energy to get them to move at the speed of light. They do have momentum
I'm confused: If something has no mass but still has momentum is it affected by gravity?
Yes, because gravity is a curvature in spacetime, not a force from a distance which acts on mass. The light particle goes in a straight line (as does the earth), but the curvature of space bends the path
That's why Solarbeam deals hp damage
It applies a strong force on a small area, cutting its way through pokemon flesh.
No.
Photons don't have mass, technically.
They are theorized to have a minuscule mass, otherwise ordinary physics would have a whole lot of fucked up equations. This is one of the main differences between quantum physics and regular physics.
Photons work with E=mc. by looking at the amount of mass change in an electron when a photon transfers energy into it.
Relativity would be completely destroyed if light had mass. The energy squared of a particle is (gamma .c. + (p*c). if m is zero, then E=pc and there is no problem with the fact that the particle is traveling at the speed of light. If m is not zero and the object is going at the speed of light, then the object has infinite energy (and momentum) since we absorb light traveling at the speed of light and don't explode in an infinitely large explosion that kills mankind, light is massless
Relativity would be completely destroyed if light had mass. The energy squared of a particle is (gamma .c. + (p*c). if m is zero, then E=pc and there is no problem with the fact that the particle is traveling at the speed of light. If m is not zero and the object is going at the speed of light, then the object has infinite energy (and momentum) since we absorb light traveling at the speed of light and don't explode in an infinitely large explosion that kills mankind, light is massless
Yeah, I think we're on the same page here mate...
The part where you're on different pages is that you said photons are theorized to have minuscule mass, but that's not true. E=mc. is what the relativistic mass-energy relation reduces to for a massive particle with zero momentum. For massless particles like photons, momentum is never zero as it's related to the photon's frequency, and this same equation reduces to E=pc. If by minuscule mass you were referring to the fact that photon paths are affected by massive objects and therefore classically would have a very small, but nonzero, mass then basically the point is that gravity isn't really a force between two massive objects--it's the fictitious force that appears when mass warps spacetime and removes us from an inertial frame. Thus even with a purely zero mass, photons can be caught in orbit around a black hole, for instance..Source: 
Light actually weighs something, it's just so minuscule, it's not worth recording.
Not true, light is massless, but it has momentum
oh ffs, if something doesn't have any mass whatsoever it can't exist as it doesn't have something to exist with, everything weighs something
Weighs means affected by gravity, mass is its own thing. Light is affected by gravity and thus "weighs something" but has no mass.
You're an idiot. Light is massless but has momentum.
mfw p = mv
Yfw E = pc = hf. p = hf/c.
As photons carry energy they are affected by gravitation. So they "weigh" something, but they have no rest mass.
p = h/
Yes. Yes it does.
I don't even know why I remembered that eq. We never actually used it
Photons have mass?.I didnt even know they were catholic!
HYDRANGEA
BEAR GRYLLS

ZUCHINNI
BAZOOPER
Zimbabwe
BOJANGLES
Bazimbo! 
What about tachyons? They have either negative real mass or imaginary mass. The exist in . FTL form..How would you stop a tachyon?

It's time to cook..EDIT: Jackass, you edited to link to something else.  You dun goofed.
They're busy being used to warn the past from the future of one nine nine nine.
A mirror?
Imaginary weight is still a weight, and negetive weight cannot be acheived without a black hole.
Don't you mean .s?
That is the blackest particle.
[deleted]
Tachyons have never been confirmed to exist, and are thus hypothetical particles.
I guess it's a good thing that weight and mass are two completely different things then, isn't it?
Yup. Also, mass is a measurement of how much something weighs. 
What the fuck is basic science?
How is basic english?
Get the fuck to summer school, you retard
But its true, my mass is 130 kg. Which is 120 pounds.
Yeah, that's your mass. It has exactly nothing to do with weight. 
It's true that mass and weight do have a correlation. Something that is 130 kg will always weigh 286.4 lb ., but you can never rely on that gravitational force to actually be that, even on Earth . On the moon, a mass of 130 kg would weigh 210.86 newtons, or 47.4 lb. In interstellar space, gravitational forces would be so negligible that it wouldn't matter how massive you are, you would weigh nothing.  .Basically, mass is how much stuff you are. It's the . in .. Weight is a force exerted on that stuff by other stuff. It's the .. Two different concepts.
look, wikipedia even has an article in simple english for you: 

They're only theoretical 
hypothetical*
With a stick. While he slept.
But on a horse, with a lance?
nice w7 theme 
Mmm, stale pasta. My favourite!
here's a better one, faggots

Too late. The damage is done. 
Thanks!
He was being sarcastic, dumbass.
That alienware windows theme looks disgusting. 
The real comedy is the Alienware skin
I have been looking for a good laptop, know of one that is just as good/better than the cheapest alienware AND is cheaper?
Any Asus RoG
OP confirmed for 6 year old
My diagnosis....definite faggot
What a shocker, someone dumb enough to waste money on Alienware is also too dumb to crop.
And also has windows vista :/

Video has been removed by cockholes
Link?
There were so many fucking dog threads thanks to newfags all over /b/ today. Some if the threads haven't fucking 404'd yet
Any of the dogs fucking women?......for science
And they say redditors are Grammar Nazis...
Uhhh, a strap on?
That should be the official Pikachu.
Genius!
source for spongebob and finn rule34 please? _
Sauce on dat hot peach?
I second this shit hard core.
Guess we have no hope anymore
Our time will come again, someday.
Can't even handle the Pikachu one. I've been laughing to myself at that for 10 minutes
Finn knocked me out of my chair
The Pikachu picture destroyed my sides.
Original thread?
I need to see the pikachu one.

Love you boomie.
<3
What did Samus' face come from? Anyone got a link?
Profits were had. 
I...I want to see there burger king one. Maybe.

ah thanks.
Dem titties
2/10 would not bang
still hot
That's disappointing. I expected something more... nude.

It's actually the other way around BK isn't doing so good and McCafe made a pile of money..Economically inaccurate- could not fap. 
Burger King is fucking awful. Their fries taste like the cardboard they come in.
BK worker here. I can confirm the fries come in paper bags in carboard boxes.
It's so nasty it made Iron Man quit drugs. 
I didn't want to but something made me click this link
That pikachu is going to haunt my dreams.
I want to see the picture
I think it's called Pikachu nipples.
I LOVED the pikachu. And also the Finn. Mainly because he actually makes that face a lot.

OPOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHH............................my rollsss.....
3sG0d.png.OP must be god
I want more of these stories.
I can't help but feel bad for the loser kid. Just leave him alone and let him do what he wants!
Yep. OP is a faggot. What kind of a jackass acts friendly to a person only to hurt them, take advantage, and steal? Shit is not cool.
If you spray pepper spray indoors and you're around it, get it on your hands spraying it on paper towels you are holding and shit, you will not get off scot-free without your skin burning or even your eyes watering. That shit is strong..I'm calling bullshit.
So, he didn't put in that part.
Good work detective.
OP has something in common with the kid he 'pretended' to be friends with.
You didnt even read the whole thing. Fuck off.
I did, I fail to see how the other kid not having friends is relevant since it's not even about him. 
"that night around 2am out with . walking to go get slim jims and energy drinks"
At least it wasn't soda and skittles 
touche
OP would have never posted this. 
A friend= jizz filled sock puppet
Lol you lost. 
The Game....HA!
Laughing so hard right now
Who knew so many people from 3rd world countries go on 4chan
Oh, hey! It's you Turtledick!
wtf those dicks on the table
I have the same chair as that dirty faggot.
That's a bunch of fucked up motherfuckers
Wow.
the best thing for me is:
from their mouse/mousepad/keyboard setup you can thell they are noobs (at least in FPS games). All of them are highsense fags.
Fucking Bronies and their animal dildos.
enjoy
Go browse /v/. You'll learn what they are in due time.
Are that many people really that poor/gross?
Jesus.
I can fap to the last one
Upon seeing the last one, I let out an audible "Oh ... "
/b/, shattering stereotypes every day
so many dildos
It's disturbing how some people actually live [in their parents basements]
Battle Station threads never disappoint. 
I (don't) want to believe
What amazes me is the number of Dragon dildos in some of the pictures. Even if you do it just for the joke, those things aren't cheap. The 8th image has somewhere between $800-1600 worth on the desk assuming none were discounted.
Some classics in there, nice post.
The majority of these pictures are triggering my OCD and I would like to come clean their battle stations. 
Holy shit that was great
Number 2 was really nice.  I know what I'm doing when I get home.
Yo im really worried about that guy with the battlestation in the sewers.
5,11 and 14 :(
It bothers me to see how many bad dragon dildos there are...
I like the one with the pig.
Most of these make me feel better about my battle station.

Fucking christ
16 looks like the room from The Yellow Wallpaper by Charlotte Perkins Gilman.
Suddenly, dragon cocks
Yet again I'm disappointed that no one in the Navy posted their actual battlestation.
Isn't that illegal?
Maybe in countries like Israel, but most western countries take schools on tours through their battlestations from time to time. I went through the inside of an Australian diesel electric submarine when I was 10. For some reason the country with 90% of the world's Uranium can't have nuclear subs.
lol @ tibia on #7
Can someone please explain the dinosaur dildos to me please?
[deleted]
What?  Nothing there
hold up...
.try that
My cousin used to have one of those Aerogliders or whatever the fuck they're called in the next to last one. It was great. I don't think it counted as real exercise, but it was fun to ride. 
Ignoring the disgusting rooms, that's a beautiful KotOR II poster.
Christ, that last one..Dedication
I feel like everyone knows 4chan is full of cave-dwelling trolls, but it's still weird when threads like this come along and fucking confirm it.
Anime Anon is living the life, look at that shag carpet and space chair and fanservice wallpaper.
Some of these actually look like they live in a storage unit
Honestly you have to try hard to make it look that bad even if it was
Yeah pretty much what I expected 
I'd actually be most comfortable in the room with the most dildos.
Do rich people collect dragoncocks or do dragoncocks make you rich?
On the internet, dragon dildos are more valuable than bitcoins.
wall paper from the las one ?
that's exactly what I came to the comments for, I hope someone has it
: Sorry the website was working for me just a while ago.
Here you go:.Sorry for the .jpg, but it was the highest resolution I could find.
That's pretty damn hot, but boy do I fucking hate seeing Samus portrayed that way. As a die-hard Metroid fan since I got Super Metroid as a christmas gift, she's not supposed to be some bimbo big titted bitch. Oh, and if you're going to use THAT game as a reference, that shit isn't canon.
can you please re-host it on imgur? I can't see the picture
that link ain't workin
I agree.  Samus is one of my favorite video game heroines and while I recognize her sex appeal, I'd prefer her image to maintain a sense of dominance.  She is a badass after all.  So if an artist wants to portray her as a sex object, it still better have that "I can kick the shit out of you if I want" look..Take Bayonetta's design for instance.  The developers wanted her to have a sex appeal, but still wanted her to look powerful and dominant.
Like this:  

Uhhh people stick them inside their body and it feels really good, what more do you want to know?
Uhhhh mostly just curious about why they're shaped like dinosaur tails and horse penises...
...you know why.
Ribbed for her pleasure.
This is... actually probably the best answer here.
You don't need to know yet, just hang around here on reddit and stay away from 4chan or deep web.
Yeahhh no

I just wonder where someone gets a picture like that unless it really is there fucking house lol. Like the one with all the dildos. Where do you find that picture unless its really yours 
the fucking question of the ages.where do pictures come from
Ever heard of a thing called the Internet?
Yes but that would imply that was still someones actual computer STATION! Whether or not that was actually theres, someone else had to have uploaded that picture at one point and knowing that was someone's computer desk is quite hilarious to me.
What the fuck is the internet?
Best movie ever

You are an awesome bot, actually. Keep doing what you're doing.
A club for faggots.
This made me want to get up and go for a run.

Still not as bad as the Philly D posters
holy shit How much money do you faggots spend on dildos 
This is exactly what I thought.  What the hell is going on?  Dudes use those things?  Why are they in dinosaur shapes??  

Can't decide if the last one was the best, or most embarrassing.
Some of these look like the killer's apartment in Seven.
why the fuck would someone have that many anthro cocks?.i dont have one, and i dont even need one...
Why not? . 
...yet. 

i have a buttplug that works just fine, i have no desire to have an anthro cock.
You'll get tired, and need something bigger. .Trust me, I'm a professional. 
What about just a bigger butt plug? Some of those things look like rubber bullets for tanks.
Which one do you want inside of you; a bullet, or a horsecock?.''Neither'' is not a valid answer.
Trust this guy, he's a professional
Really, Just a bigger one? That's so bland.
Image #8 - LaserJet 5L.Absolute WORST design of a laser printer ever made.  Shit fed paper vertically, which in practice saves space BUT the separator pads would always go south on them.  You tried to print and it sucked in THE ENTIRE PAPER SUPPLY at one time and then fucking cries at you "paper jam paper jam help me".

This collection made me sadder than I've ever been.
That pics years old anyway.
I can't believe these people exist. I don't want to go to 4chan anymore.
I bet yours isn't much better.
Pessimist!.I like to pretend everyone I talk to on the net is doing well, are intelligent and have healthy social lives. I get the impression everyone likes to pretend that's true about themselves too (on reddit anyway), also casually mentioning about their girlfriends or whatever
Good one, for a second there I thought you might actually be serious but then you brought up our girlfriends and I knew you were joking. 
It was the best. He (or she?) has obviously got their shit together, and they know what they're doing with their life. Although #10's collection could have cost more, depending on whether the figurines in #17 are homemade or bought.
Oh, the last one cost more than you could imagine. Each one of those tiny figurines are called Nendoroids, and they cost from $40-$175 for exclusives. .That person has got their life so sorted out, I'm proud of them. 
Oh, damn. I'd never guess something like that.
Congrats on being the biggest faggot on the internet.
At least i achieved something in my life...
That's the spirit!
Because you know the towel hanging behind his monitor doesn't bend anymore?
That one battlestation is worth thousands because of those dildos.
Who needs that many dildos? I mean there's having a variety then there's that. Jeez. 
That's what I thought. I feel like he's just a collector. But what I REALLY want to know is what is wrapped around the base of like half of them? Is it like a cord to wrap around your dick while you jerk off? I don't get it..EDIT: Nevermind, I just went to the site. Apparently it's a "cumtube" which you somehow use to shoot fake "cumlube" out of it? I'm still confused, but that's all I could find out... in case anyone else was wondering.
Maybe because he uses them all at once ?
I am tired of the red dragon dick. Today feels like a green dragon dick sorta of a day.
Where can I even get that .?
Launch swag for KOTOR 2 back in 2004. They don't make them anymore and when they did it was for about 1,000 review outlets. Most of them probably threw them away or gave away to fans of the website..Other words: you can't. Unless you print out the jpg at a printer or something. I can't even find the original anymore.
fuck.
Dammit thanks for the info but i need to get my hands on one
I'm very certain those dildos are from Bad Dragon. A friend of mine purchased one and, as you might imagine, loves it.
So...that's a real website..And there goes my credit card.
Yep. I knows a BD when I sees one.
Ok I gave in and searched for Bad Dragon. All I can say is wow.......

[deleted]
On /k/ it's a half-joke.
Everybody is gay. Do you not have sex with men?
IT'S ONLY GAY IF YOU DON'T BEAT THEM UP AFTER!
wow, that's several thousand dollars in dildos.
Dedication.

ftfy
Don't confuse ass play with being gay.
If you are sticking those things in your anus you want the D you delusional fairy
Come on bros, who here . been fucked in the ass by a girl with a dragon dildo strap-on?
it's not gay when it's in a three way
If there's a honey in the middle there's some leeway
Your loss dude..
Shit's awesome.
Yes, he is loss.
Don't confuse being a faggot with being a faggot.
That was homophobic,  but god damn it was funny
The last one was fucking amazing 
Only guy with a nice job in that thread.
I bet he's that dude from . (yeah that's a thing)
I don't even know what to think of anymore. Is this really what the human race has come to?
I wish I could downvote your link without downvoting you.  Oh well.
 

WORST FUCKING CLICK TODAY
And now is the time of night I find those new, darker parts of Reddit I go to, look around for a few moments, and then go take a shower because eww.
What the fuck...
go to top all time

At first, normal guy. After the eyes open, HOLY SHIT, EMMET BROWN.
I feel sick.
So brave
my monitor just blew up
I'm jealous.
gem perhaps
So, that guy either has vinyl flooring and a fake plant in his house, or that's his desk at work.
work stations tend to be pretty clean
That is the cleanest computer desk I've ever seen
He's at work. You tell by the wiremoulding. He probably doesn't need to put anything on his desk.
Yeah, mine is 
As soon as I scrolled down to see all that ash I had to sneeze.
Thous bottles are suspiciously full....
It's urine
We all know that's not your pic. OP is a fag.

It's actually 100%, cause you're the only person to post a battlestation in this thread so far.
...besides the 17 in the submission? Are you daft or just trying to Khrushchev my Reagans?

Yes, besides those 17 in original post, as most of those are old as dirt. And to answer your latter question, a little of both.
Oh god I I feel a lot better about myself now
I cleaned my living room this morning because I thought it was getting pretty messy..By this standard, no. No it was not.
Nothing beats ..

This is too low res to read on mobile, anyone got a higher res version?
fuckin hell
Why the quotations around "fuck" them. WHY?

Elijah Wood in maniac..
What tha fuckkkk
I'm more offended by the DLP TV in the one picture. These kind of outdated tech fetishists need to be put down. 
Here's his youtube: 
Not even gonna lie, the one in the panties looks pretty good. 
You should always admire nice as-. craftsmanship.
no oh god no why did you make me remember.HE'S PROBABLY STILL ALIVE WITH THOSE FUCKING.AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Jesus Christ, this guy is married with two fucking kids and I still can't get a date.
Not only that, he has at least one friend with which to take that picture. One more than you have.
if it makes you feel better, his wife took the kids and left him. he probably wasn't as insane at the start of the relationship
proof?

What the hell, it is actually helpful and on topic.
Too bad the subreddit is dead...
I'm gonna post something on there now.
ask him, if his website that he used to sell this shit is still around (may need to use archive.org). I don't feel like digging around the internet for details about some obscure guy I learned about 3 years ago..the website was insane too. he used to sell those dolls he hand made, but stopped selling because he was too attached to them. Also the dolls had special holes, if you know, for fucking.
what is that site anyway?
I don't remember, he posted it in later on in the thread. (or at least he claimed he left her)
Oh god... at least she's hotter than his wife.
 
Imagine buying one of those and finding out there's some semen stuffed in one of the folds.
Getting another guys jizz on my dick is a HUGE turnoff.
Free Bonus!
Hopefully you get a fresh one so it doesn't taste so cruddy.

oh ha.
He got a mug pregnant
Weird. The stuff on mine are green
No, the proteins in the sperm are breaking down and globbing up really weirdly in the liquid pussy broth. 
Why has he been collecting sperm?
Oh shit that's a . 
I didn't know that pussy scent came in a bottle. I always just get the Glade plugin scent.
Here you go:  
wtf am i seeing
wat
So this is real?
Well if christ was born without a father it'd only be reasonable if the anti-christ was born without a mother.
Liquid pussy scent....
60% of the time, it works every time...
I can't tell what is happening, you gave no context at all. This is shit.
Now this is shitposting!
The only reason why this is funny to me is because I have been playing Smash Bros Wii the past couple of days and R.O.B. is a faget
Wat
I was laughing at the top of my lungs reading this. Its the funniest thing ive read on the internet in years. Bravo lol
Probably because you just started using the internet
I was in this thread earlier
haha yeah, I came on here to see if it would actually happen, and it looks like it did. Nice call Anon.
tfw when op is 15 
TFW you see the face.

Is there some kind of shitty neckbeard GPL version of Snipping Tool everyone's using that fucks up cropping or are you people all just retarded?
I would say the latter option.
Now I want a donut.
tfw that's me. 
why the fuck is your username not DonutFucker
Don't be ashamed, there's a bunch of us with weird as fuck fetishes. 
D-did.. You eat it?
Like your shitty cropping fetish?
OP, do you even crop?
Well I do, I just suck dick at it.
OP: I just suck dick..FTFY
Yep pretty much.
am in tears.
Exactly, I'm so hard right now..Edit: .Edit 2: 
OP is Homer Simpson.
Came here to d'oh.
I'm willing to bet that they already knew... 
What a faggot you have to write the note BEFORE you shoot yourself or they won't see it. Can't write when you're dead dumbass.
Especially with that faggot looking JB haircut.
Man the summerfags are getting younger; this one looks like he's in middleschool
She does look pretty butch.
Yea, fagg.
Fagg levels are over 9000!!!
lels were brave ovr 900.lol
No joke he goes to my school. Lives 2 blocks from me.It's very obvious that he enjoys the penis. You can tell from the way he walks. He's a fucking flamer.
You got a problem with gays or something, faggot?
Nope. Though I know you'll say I'm lying, because this is the internet. .He is a very flamboyant person. Now go ahead and continue hating me
Tell him he's fucking cute, I mean it. Because he is.
lol the last line is what got me
"Great Ancestor Spirit of Chief Left Testicle"....
Buttkraken is a portmanteau. This amuses me.
I laughed harder at that than most of the internet has ever made me laugh
Buttkraken.
This means the left ball is the girl ball.
I'm guessing he didn't teach his kid how to ride it.
Nice fairy tale. 
I just read this. I'm laughing so hard that I started crying.
Lost a testicle and was still able to give birth to a son?
you don't need testicles to give birth, man.
He had a spare.
Is there some secret rule for the 4chan comments that no one ever get up or down voted?
are you referring to [score hidden]?

gah, another thing to consider when delivering comments. 

I suppose so. Is that why everyone has only one point?
check the mouseover ;)
Never have I hoped so bad for a 4chan greentext story to NOT be true..This made me cringe just reading it.
Gorillion. New word I plan on using.
No you don't.
Stop ruining other people's fun.
Never
don't worry:.
-people didn't wear tight jeans in the early/mid 90's, they wore thorn up acid washed 501..
-30 yo's don't watch "Pirate of the Caribbean" only to call each other's scars of 20 years "kraken"-like.

Your detective work has successfully decringefied me. Cheers!
Hold on now, "Pirates of the Caribbean" didn't invent the Kraken. It's been a relatively well-known monster for hundreds if not thousands of years..Please continue cringing.
youdontsay.jpg
Also: 
I actually do this...
Also what are these things actually called?

some people would pay good money for that.
bad-dragon.com
This could be the new definition of butthurt.
Anon is into showing his friends his buttcheecks?
Anon's dad probably told his friends' dads about it. 
You mean that it's not normal?...
If I didn't know it was called a pedal cart in the first place, what makes you think would I be able to Google "pedal cart?".Thanks for the info tho
The fact that it's a cart with pedals on should suggest that googling for just that might give you some results. Never had to /adv/ someone on how to google things before, but here goes: . "a red berry with seeds on the outside" will probably show you a strawberry even if you don't know the specific name of it to begin with.
He didn't know and wanted to be sure. Fuck him, right? Fuck questions in general.
It's not like you're getting killed if you don't get it right.. it's also way faster to just put the question in your browser than to sit around waiting for someone here to respond.

No. 
IKR? That shit is beyond unbelievable to anyone with even a basic understanding of anatomy
What the fuck is . unbelievable?
That shit.
Made me laugh thinking about it though
Reminds me of ....
Did he delivar on a picture of said anus?
Priority question right there.
Op will deliver?
If not then OPs a faggot, if he does, then hes alright with me.
Probably still a faggot.
Nope
Oh god, I listened to Stan while reading it the second time. That was priceless, even if lyrics didn't make sense in parts.
I'm just trying to get the point here...
It was good.

meh post, but why all the confetti posts? circle jerking?
the first 2 lines and the real song plays in your head.
God! I cried. I came..... oh what not!!!! I had the best day of my life reading this shit!!! but that doesn't change the fact about OP. .He's still a stupid ass faggot. as usual.
Here is a list of video links collected from comments that redditors have made in response to this submission:
Since I might as well post it before someone else does, ..
OP did mess up and the words and said Slim at one part instead of moot
Flow is way off but I like the effort.
i only like things that there is proof of other people liking.this post is so good
Tears gone cold, I wonder why?
I get off my coach at all.
Morning dew drips down my window,
But I can't see at all.
Even if I could, it would be red,
Put your picture on my wall.
It reminds me,
It's not so red.
Not so red.
Does nobody realize this isn't the real moot? Moot would have his name where the I.D. Is, that is clearly a picture of moots name
The reactions are so shitty. 
He messes up in the third one and calls him slim
dope...
We're all cancer. 
ITT: Haha op did leriks M&M aha funi four chin lel mynignogs/10.Downvote all you like, but it wont change the fact that this was an average post and you are all homosexuals.
Well that was full of faggotry.
THANK YOU BASED MOOT
tl;dr
Honestly, compared to Gaben, this was kinda shit, didn't rhyme, third verse was 95% unchanged, lost steam quickly..3/10, gj,ge
 this made it better for me
This almost sounds like the rapper Eminem-Stan song
Why is this getting so many upvotes? Did nobody notice that the User ID for OP and Moot are the same?
I read it to the instrumental to the song. Oh lord.
TL;DR
I don't browse 4chan a lot. I thought Moot was a girl, especially based on that Fatty-tan song.
Needs more jpeg
Best thread of my life/10.Jesus Christ, this is worthy of r/classic4chan
Today all cancer was excised.
[deleted]

thank
Dumb wigger music.
11/10 would bang again.
[deleted]
Yeah, I came, too.

NSFW
No shit, Sherlock.   Glad you shared. 
lel good read
Wow haha 
does that make OP Elton John?

you must be a rocket surgeon
Tl;dr
Tl;Dr: You are a faggot
muthafuckin everybody realizes it isnt moot. that isnt why we like it.
Would you buy me
Trying hard 
When . Snacks coming back anyway?
"this is anon" i lel'd
The best part is that it has a moot in a hoodie pic.
Are people actually supposed to believe that's moot on the bottom where he put admin in the image frame? Really good though haven't seen the pasta
It's a song not a pasta
Shame the last Anon reply is rushed so much. He even forgot to change 'slim' near the end to moot..Either way, unreal OC.
No they aren't, and it isn't pasta.
Shame writing the address on the letters perfect wasn't typing the CAPCHA perfect.
He didn't even do verse three, it even has 'Slim' still in it.
That's what I expected too
That was the greatest
Fucking golden, this shit never shows up when I lurk..But moot does not reply, moot never replies. He's ashamed of his children of /b/.
[Chorus:].I'm not a fag (I'm not a fag).I just fucked a trap (I just fucked a trap).Everybody (everybody).Come touch my sack (come touch my sack).We'll scroll this thread together, through the trolls.Whatever weather, not in summer.Then you know that, there are fags.Holla if you feel like you've been down the same thread (same thread).[Intro (during Chorus:].Yeah, the thread 404'd.I guess I had to, make a new one, to get to this one.Now some of you, might still be in that thread.If you're trying to get out, just highlight my ID.I'll get you there
If it makes you feel any better, the chorus was pretty good. Get rid of the "just not in summer" and make it "not in summer" and it works perfectly.
Alright, fixed.
Definitely not the same song.
Same song as what? It's Eminem's "Not Afraid". Doesn't have to be the same song. It's Eminem, so it's relevant as it is.
But the original is Stan and this is Not Afraid so it's not the same thing, buddy
It doesn't have to be.
Yes it does.

Well, he was fucking a trap.
This will go down in history.
prolly not tho

I don't understand at all, what is going on here?
Read it while listening to this, it goes along with the "long version" not short.

[deleted]
Dear Gaben? The fuck are you on about?

Kill yourself
All these newfags - I'm wondering why I bother to lurk at all.No OC in my browser window, I can't jerk off at all.And even if I could it'd be kinda gay
With your dick-pic on my wall.But it reminds me it was always bad - it was always bad
Moot's tea's gone cold he's wondering why he got out of bed at all.
10/10 would rap in my head again
Some guy made a parody of Eminem's "Stan," starring himself and Moot.
Oh good, for a minute there I though it was something important, but it's just pseudo-nigger music
never talk about my personal jesus like that.

3edgy5me
Dafuq

so edgy
Someone record this on soundcloud pls.
Here's my attempt
this
No this
I'm uploading it now. I sound like a complete faggot, but the lyrics actually match extremely well with the song. I fucked it up though, so it's a bit out of sync with the instrumental..Edit: It's here. .I couldn't decide to either actually rap the moot bit or just do dick gargling sounds for the entirety of it. So I settled on raising his pitch, hilarious, I know.
You said A...Non
broken link
Horribly perfect
We've been notified that one of your uploads, "Anon- Moot" 
may contain copyright content and we've disabled it. If you believe 
you do have permission to use this content, or that a mistake has 
been made, please go to 
.. .Yep, just checked and got that message..Try that. Hopefully that doesn't get removed as well.
awful.but thank you.... i guess
Maybe make it rhyme a little better as well. I don't know if I'm just a retard, but most of that looked more like free verse than rhyming.
You just have to know how to read it like the song was performed. 
To be honest, there were bits and pieces he ripped off directly from the real song that sounded retarded. The rhyming wasn't the problem, it was the fact that he was lazy, if he couldn't think of how to 4chan the lyrics, the OP left it the same, which resulted in a lot of weird lines that didn't really belong in it.
Have you never heard the original? It works just the same.
The original flows . better. Half these arent even close to rhyming.
A few lines were forced, and I'm sure could be edited
And just who the fuck are you.
I feel like we've met before.
To be fair, it has been a while. I should probably give it another listen and  the post a read.
Feel free too. I listened while reading, it kinda follows the pattern.
Jesus fuck they overdid it with the censors.
They always do man.
Not on some of his . ..
Yeah. But was too lazy to get the dirty version.
My dick's gone limp I'm wondering why I...got off this thread at all.shitty feels clog up /r9k/...and I can't sage them all.and even if I could it'd still be gay.summerfags on every board.It reminds me, that OP's a fag,.OP's a fag.edit: took everyone's faggot suggestion and made changes
Change "faggot" to "fag".
Wow he really doesn't know how to edit, he just put the word beside it.
uhh
I'm on my iPhone too, didnt see that though because I didn't reply and see his comment edits.
Cross-thrus never show up on iPhone. Whenever there's a conflicting word I always just assume it's crossed through.
Take out always at the end
Change "it'll" to "it'd" and you've got yourself a hook.
rhythm's off
rhythm is on hombre: 
It's pronounced sa-ge and oh pee
It's pronounced "oh pee" because "awp" is the gun from counterstrike that faggots use



Coo'
Problem solved.
But what if it's a boy? .I mean like, I obviously continue as explained, but tfw no babby forms :/
Proceed to repeat the process until you get one. Hell the more you have the more babies you can claim on your welfare. 
GOD BLESS DAT GUBMINT SUPPORT YEEEHAAAAAAW! #MURICA #FUKDACOMMYS
those not the digits of pi faggot.l2math
Who says I was trying to write pi, shitstain?
It's a good thing there were reactions and ratings on the right side of this image. I wasn't sure how I was supposed to be reacting to this. 
Before i got to them I was assuming everyone was going crazy over the mods just busting in and singing the last verse. I was disapointed
It wasn't a mod. That moot sign was an image.
hurrdurr wut
I know, I was expecting it. That's why I said I was disapointed
woooosh.
omfg i dont actually go on 4chan so i actually thought it was moot. No sarcasm, i legit thought it was moot. 
Then you're a retard. Congratulations.
How am i a retard? How would i tell if a poster is moot or not? 
By looking at the I.D. you sub-human fuck. 
You're a retard. It's okay. There are people out there who can help you.
omfg i never even saw it until now
we're not all as slow as you.
Hence why he was disappointed. 
.
Cancer below.
Much better...
I . believed it. The "moot ## admin" is just a picture. You missed a little cancer there..EDIT: I'm sinking with this ship.
lel
_
this guy lol
you just went full retard
It's all the same guy...
Is it that easy?
That's what I just said. Try to keep up.
That's good advice.
not sure if troll or straight up autistic.
The irony here is you're the one having trouble keeping up 
If I was president of the world, selective castration would be mandatory, and you would be first in line.
...he wasn't trying to trick anyone, he was just finishing his rap. The pic was just to show who would be rapping those lyrics. You're the only person who almost thought Moots part of the song was actually posted by Moot. He even says later "I'm hoping I can get moot to sing it with me"
loling like never in my life
my sides are no longer on my body
Wow this is original and I have never seen a green text exactly like it
Summerfag, but still a plausible story.
That would be pretty awesome.
Hey, this was my thread.
Yes, an . on one . is the entire site of ..
No joke I think its funny that all this shit is on that one man like everything is on him. 
The intro to this: Strings Outro by culprit 1, started playing on Pandora as I opened that image. I'm going to go cum buckets now. 
I just got shivers. 
Half Life 3 won't be released, as Gabe will probably die of fatness real soon
O'course it'd never happen and there are certain reasons for that..First off: Games, thanks especially to HL2, evolved. Today, they have better stories, better gameplay, better characters, and are overall . experiences overall and on average than they were ten years ago. Consider DMC, Spec Ops: The Line, The Last of Us and .. So in order for HL3 to be exceptional, it won't just have to be better than HL2, it'll have to be better than a lot of amazing games, which is no easy task..Second: FPS'es have changed, drastically. The kind of fps that half life 2 was is an obsolete design, to put it simply. HL3 will have to conform to some of those standards. Now HL2 put in some of the standards that CoD and some other games follow, like large scale battles one after another, good story without proper cutscenes that blend into the gameplay, a focus on realistic physics and a lot more. .However, other standards like forced MP, regen health and a limit on weapons are things that if HL3 does follow, it'll be hated by the "true" fans and if it doesn't, it'll be hated by everyone else. So it's a no win situation for HL3 there..Third, and most importantly: The Hype. Whenever CoD announces that it's the most anticipated game of all time, which it often is, people decry it saying HL3 is the most anticipated game of all time. HL2 is often considered to be the holiest of holy games ever to grace the world and it's put on a pedestal so high, nothing can compare to it. I'm playing HL2 right now because I'm poor, and the game is a masterpiece no doubt. But it is seen by people as such an immaculate masterpiece that no game, not even HL3 can possibly compare to ...In conclusion, it won't be better than the release of Skyrim and Portal 2. A few years have gone, the hype has died down and I don't think people care anymore. So as far as I see it I don't know of . good reason GabeN and VALV. have to even try releasing the game. Which is why I think it won't happen.
k
If this really happened people would actually react that way.
I read that like it was smut.... gave me tingles....
Probably the shittiest Gaben announcement ever.
Oh man. In no way was this different than the 200 other 4chan greentexts about HL3.
I actually liked this. 
Kind of like Duke Nuke'm Forever!.Right?
I nodded my head, grinning
Summer hits this place hard. 
Team Portal 4 Dead 3 confirmed.
And then the Left for Dead 3 logo comes on the big screen. Everybody riots.
Shit would be shat

This is the most awfully unoriginal, derivative, an terrible one of these I've ever had the misfortune of reading. Seriously. It even has comment cancer to go along with it. .Fuck you for wasting my time.
Man, honestly at this point, I give almost no shits about HL3. I just want to see the story end, but I've lost almost all of my investment. Srsly guys, fucking hats?
HATS
This really isn't funny and pales in comparison to the other unfunny hl3 jokes..0/10
It's summer year round here
You're the one who read it faggot.
I got goosebumps thinking about that.
I hate all this HL3 circlejerk, but picturing all this made me laugh.
Half Life 3 is never coming out because of this massive circlejerk of building expectations.  They saw what happened to Duke Nukem Forever and won't want to tarnish one of their primary franchises like that.
People like you keep saying it's never coming out, it's vaporware, Valve doesn't make games anymore, etc.  Gotta remember, Valve is basically going through Linux bootcamp right now.  All their games are being ported to Linux, they're preparing to launch their Linux-based console (or whatever), they've got people working on DOTA2, etc.
It has to come out, eventually they will need a new engine.
Except Duke Nukem Forever wasn't even that good. Decent, at best.
It was never supposed to be..It was a good duke nukem game, but people got so caught up on nostalgia that they forgot what duke nukem 
That's what I thought. It was a 6/10 game with some funny and ridiculous parts, pretty much what Duke Nukem always was. 
And thus, Team Fortress 3 has been released
Hats.
Hats 3.

Someone needs to send that pic to Gabe so bad.Just so he knows how we all feel deep down.
"Half life 2: Episode 3 coming this Fall."
I haven't played the half life series but what would be the difference between HL3 and HL episode 3? Shouldn't the story continue from the end of episode 2 anyway.
One would assume that (as was with Episode 1 and 2) Episode 3 would be fairly short, maybe 2-3 hours max. Meaning, we've waited 7+ years only for them to release about an eighth of what all the Half-Life fans actually want..Really, the shitty bit about this whole thing is that they kind of left the last Episode on a HUGE cliffhanger.
Half life 2: Episode 2: Chapter 2 
Electric boogaloo
part 1/2
act 1
prequel 1
DLC 1
Minute 1
This is pretty much exactly the same as all of the other HL3 circlejerk threads on 4chan.
I've never seen so much fapping over a game that doesn't exist. Talking about games that actually exist in reality? Nah, let's put this hypothetical game up on the pedestal and jerk all over it.
GUYS ANYONE EXCITED ABOUT CALIDUDY?  THERE'S A DOG IN THIS ONE!  YOU CARE ABOUT HIM!
I would care about a Call of Duty that exists infinitely more than a Half-Life 3 that doesn't exist.
To be honest, I've never found Half Life 2 to be that fun.  I got pretty bored with it when I bought the Orange Box.  I enjoyed the Left 4 Dead series way more.  
I forced myself to play through to the ending. Not worth your while. 
Left 4 Dead is best Valve series.
Huh, that's funny I never really liked Half Life 1 that much. I played all kinds of CS and DoD but didn't really enjoy the actual game. I wasn't even excited for HL2 (except for the obvious ramifications of the Source engine), turns out it was pretty much the best FPS ever made at the time.
What was so good about it to you?
Graphics, level of immersion, environments, mechanics, gravity gun, AI, atmosphere, variety of enemies, epic boss fights, satisfying weapons, physics engine, I could go on all day. I knew as soon at I threw a tin can at a guard and he beat me with his night stick like 30 seconds into the game that it was going to be one of the best games I had ever played. I started replaying it a couple months ago and it was still fun as shit but then I decided to try to get the don't shoot anything in Ravenholm achievement.
I'm glad you enjoyed it that much. I wish I could enjoy it as much as you did. 
Well I'm sure if you are a gamer the Source engine brought you joy in some way. 
How old are you? In other words, did you play it in 2004? It was super innovative, but of course it's dated now, a decade later. It's a case of . where it doesn't seem special after every game to come out since has incorporated features that HL2 brought to the table like non-cutscene storytelling and realistic physics.
You might've enjoyed it more if you played it when it first came out.  Most, maybe all, of its best ideas have been copied (and even improved upon) by various games, and the graphics aren't up to much anymore.  Gotta look at it like a SNES game kinda to appreciate it.  (HL1 = NES)
I really wasn't into video games in 2004. I don't even play them that much now, but I do play famous games like the GTA series and Fallout 3.  
Didn't Fallout 3 run on source? Or was that Havoc?
It's Gamebryo.  You can tell from the upside-down heads, crashes, fuckedbrokenness, and NPC faces from a basement beneath the uncanny valley.
Fall out 3 wasn't source engine, and the havoc engine isn't a really a full engine. They used gamebryo, or at least a modified version of it, along with havoc for the physics.
Ah, I see. That's sounds about right. 
How did this cult originate, anyway?
Because the first Half-Life was incredible at the time. I mean absolutely astounding in its scope and versatility. It's not everyone's thing, but it's a very good example of a lot of 7/10 things working out to be more than the sum of their parts.
Childhood nostalgia, cant think of another reason.
This probably originated the Pokemon obsession cult as well. 
HL1 was absolutely incredible when it first came out.  It didn't just break the ground, it made the ground its bitch.  Have a look at some of the other games that released around the same time.  For starters, it was the first game where you never change levels, you're always in one environment and always seeing from the same perspective.  Even cutscenes are from your own perspective.  Then there's the enemies, which for the first time were something besides walking targets.  Hide behind a wall?  Fuck you, here's a grenade.  Half-Life was the first game to do that..Same deal for HL2; it was the first game with a useful physics system and an AI partner that wasn't an impediment to your progress for example, but there's tons of other things it did first..As someone playing it for the first time in 2013 though, neither game would look very impressive... the effect is kinda like PC gamers being told that Halo is the best thing since sex.  No, the only thing Halo did was make vehicle sections a mandatory feature of every FPS.
As someone who is annoyed by all the HL hype, but is also a huge Halo fan, I have mixed feelings about your post.
Half Life 2 was extremely innovative when it came out but of course it's dated now, a decade later. It's a case of . where it doesn't seem special after every game to come out since has incorporated features that HL2 brought to the table like non-cutscene storytelling and realistic physics..So no, it's definitely not just nostalgia.
Even back in the day, the controls are clunky, the ai braindead (they will blindly run into your fire, your partners don't listen to commands and will constantly die from running ahead into enemy fire), the flow is terrible, every time the game picks up speed it's stopped dead in it's tracks by a retarded physics puzzle to solve, which is purely there to show off that they have a physics enige. It sucked back in the day, and it sucks now. 
Minus fat
Then he has a heart attack, and dies..The game is cemented in posthumous glory. .He Heath Ledgers the fuck out of everybody.
Wins GOTY twice. 
Left 4 Dead 3 released three months from that.
Ricochet 2
Team Fortress 3
That'd be far better IMO
Don't forget team fortress 3 and portal 3!
no one buys it cuz they're expecting it to become free.it never becomes free
We would still buy it. 
then portal 3 released three months after that. Then TF3 after that and so on.
No you fucking moron all of them released in a bundle and then that's it. 
I'd prefer portal 3 before half life 3. Don't sue me.
Fucking casual
I actually agree with you
I can't blame you.
Tf3 just does not have the same ring
I like how it rhymes. Tee-eff-three
I'd rather have the double hard T sound with two, personally.
Top lel
3 Team 3 Fortress
Tee Eff Tres
Yeah, it was interesting. What about tee-eff-tree?
All promotional material to be read in an Irish accent.
A black Scottish cyclops accent.
with loch ness on the cover
Specifically a Teemore accent.

Everyone would just... explode.
can you imagine the amount of semen the cleaning crew would have to deal with after that?
Am I reading this correctly? Console gamers/ports still don't allow customising your control scheme?
Mirror's Edge's controls were fine....I take it she's on an Xbox, but SO AM I!.THE CONTROLS WERE GOOD!
Welp, looks like I won't be buying the new one.
Change the controls?.the original would be easier since we use our right thumb for looking. we'll have to reach out for A and X with it, too. not to mention, A and X? one button was enough..I'm trying not to hate her, but now, it's difficult. unlike the game.
Ive never seen autism this strong
Mirror's Edge was exceedingly fun. I loved it but I couldn't get past one area (I think I was nearly done with the game at that point.) Was supposed to jump up somewhere and couldn't find the exact area where I was supposed. I need to go back and finish that game...
I think all women could get into "difficult" video games  if the developers added a pussy difficulty setting which just turns any game into one big Quick time event.
One feminist != all women
Fuck women.
one feminist on the world stage = more important than bitch sitting in an angsty coffee shop feminist.
Fuck youre dumb.
Not women, just their reasoning.
No, you can only choose between about five or so presets if you're lucky.
What the hell is wrong with this world?.: . Just found out they've switched the original creative directors who only cares about . Welp, not buying,
I didn't give a shit about the character. They couldn't do really good job on the character development through the shitty comic book cutscenes. I . care about the lighting, setting, ambience and also the gameplay. That was the only game I was hyped for next gen
I have never hated a person so much in my life. If they really make it easy enough for absolute retards like her I don't know what will hold me.
Enjoy the story!?.Is she on crack, the story was mediocre at best..The one thing that made Mirrors Edge legendary was its gameplay.
I can't wait till she plays the game and whines that it's even harder. The whole reason they used the control scheme they did was because jumping with A in that game just didn't work. 
Wow. I'm sorry your mind couldn't handle it. Here, I'll make a sequel that's easier you go through even if you won't buy it because the word's "Mirrors Edge" trigger a traumatically difficult gameplay experience. 
Fuck, this is shameful..Sorry about my gender guys.
What a fucking spastic, I completed Mirrors Edge in like one day.
Anyone who's not retarded completed Mirrors Edge without any difficulty. It's an easy game.
I'll be fine with it if they just add in a Femitard Mode, but if they fuck with the standard gameplay by dumbing it down I'll be pissed. 
prepare
It's not a matter of gender, it's a matter of Anita being an idiot and dumbing the game down
"big changes to the original formula"
Raged right there..Fuck that bitch wanting an easy game, if you can't reach the end, you don't deserve to see it.
Honestly, if her dumb vagina can't play a first-person puzzle game, then frankly she should stick to Mario..Unless "A" and "B" are too hard as well.
Exactly, half the fun of gaming is the challenge they present, I hate games  these days that babysit you throughout by showing you exactly what to do. Mirror's Edge was amazing because when you first started you were clumsy and could not pull of any amazing feats of parkour but after a bit of play you could do really cool things, fuck people that think they don't have to learn a game to appreciate its value.

"fuck people that think they don't have to learn a game to appreciate its value.".QFT. Well said. 
The Witcher 2 comes into mind. Once you learn it, you'll love the tactics and complexity of battles.
edit:  And from the interviews, it seems they won't make TW3 easier.
Because our Polak friends won't take no shit from no kurwas.
Women don't like challenges, they want everything handed to them for having the privelege of bearing tits. That's my theory.
theory = law in this case
Apparently except have basic hand-eye coordination.

this is what happens when you let women out of the kitchen
Why do you think 90% of girls in TF2 play medic or pyro?
fuck man I know a girl that bends me over and fucks my ass with sniper
Because their boyfriends need a pocket medic.
and a pyro who protects their sentry nest?
Actually its a confirmed fact that men have better spacial visualization. Women (and suprisingly gay men) have a significantly lower ability to do this. I am on mobile otherwise I would link to a wikipedia page.
Well if Wikipedia says so. I'm pretty sure only leading experts can write things on Wikipedia. 
I say so too.
This is pretty much common knowledge in any psychology 101 class.
someone give me a link to that article on wikipedia's accuracy compared to other encyclopedias.

Do you not see how that is a circular argument?
..........and that's the joke!

Got your back bro.
No homo though
Course.
Ok but why do you have your finger up my butt?
To keep it from doing any gay stuff
Don't ever insult wikipedia you fucking shit stain.
Your dad is a girl?
lol
Welcome to /fit/
Anon is so straight. 
fucking gay
if you don't masturbate your body has to get rid of excess semen, forcing you to have a wet dream... nice try.
No, it just gets discharged in your urine.
The power of classical conditioning
Hardest I've laughed in a while.
i think no fap is meant to make you stop looking at porn, not quit touching your penis
Nope, then it'd be called noporn. In a quick summary, dopamine is released when you masterbate. Dopamine is a neurotransmitter which is released by nerve cells to send signals to other nerve cells. The main dopamine system is reward motivated behavior. Ie, drugs or any addictions. When you use drugs or any form of addiction such as food or TV or coffee, your dopamine levels are low making you feel sluggish. So by quitting fapping they increase their dopamine levels giving themselves more energy and motivating themselves to becoming a better person..TLDR : Fuck that shit imma keep fapping
god bless you 4-chan
lies. no . were involved, i'm sure.
so aside from the massive swollen balls thing, does this actually work?
Short answer: No..Long answer: Nope.
I haven't jacked off in two years and the doctor never told me any bullshit like that.  
Your doctor probably doesn't have dirty long hair and a headband do they? OP visits a REAL (holistic) doctor.
freak.
I can't help it. I just can't cum when I try. 
does it work when you stick it in living things though?
Oh, of course. I can cum easily with penetration, handies, or bjs. 
so in other words, you give (yourself) bad handjobs... how peculiar =)
I don't even think it's that, it's just that I'm not turned on enough unless someone else is there. 
My doctor is Cuban.  He's the real deal.  
My doctor rapes me analy..
lucky
ah..that's what pets are for, you see...
Lel, that makes it even worse for me. 
Did it not even occur to you that there is a big difference between not jacking off and not ejaculating period?
A friend of mine told me to try No Fap for a while because it was so awesome. The fact that he had a girlfriend didn't even seem to be such a big difference to him.
In case there's any women or stupids reading this, sperm don't accumulate in the testes.  They have a short lifespan and once they're past their prime (hours), they're disposed of.
disposed of all over my fucking blanket
No, IIRC in your urine.
As I said, all over my blanket.
Also if I don't masturbate, doesn't matter. I'll just end up ejaculating in my sleep. During the holidays I was staying at a family members house, I woke up 3 times because of wet dreams. 3 fucking times. I was so worried that I got some on my blanket and they would have assumed I was masturbating in their living room like a fiend. .3 fucking wet dreams in 1 night. I usually have a wet dream maybe once a year. Fucking testicles.
I've never had a wet dream. What is it like?
For me it's just a dream where I'm having sex and when I climax in the dream I wake up actually climaxing. It's great until I wake up, then it's just messy.
Perfect description
[deleted]
Shit I don't even wake up anymore
Well shit that sucks
Also like having a dream in which you're taking an awesome piss, and when you wake up, you've pissed the bed
5 months later, OP dies of undiagnosed testicular cancer.
He would be having wet dreams. OP is full of lies.
Most likely, unless his brain really did kind of rewire itself to associate working out with arousal. If he wasn't dreaming about lifting or whatever maybe it couldn't happen? 
You can't have wet dreams if you're too busy working out to get any sleep
Really? So you think OP might be lying? 
Now that's a first.

You really think somebody would do that? Just go on the internet and tell lies?
Bonjour!

NO WAY they would sully the good name of 4chan by posting "artistic works of fiction and falsehood"!!

Thats a serious accusation, I mean why would op lie?
you dont have to repeat yourself


YOU CLEVER MOTHERFUCKER.
/fit/ in a nutshell
huehuehuehue so edgy XDDDD.go fuck yourself.
That ending is redundant.  
No, . so edgy. In fact, you just gave me a cut. 
OP is right about the no headscarf thing
I'm actually tempted to go to Turkey/UAE and try this....
Its hilarious that op doesn't realize this post on 4chan is being sarcastic and is commenting on the over sexualization and rape of women by men throughout the Arab peninsula.
Yeah right, have fun 
As long as he plays his cards right, plays smart and stays in the safe tourist part, he should be able to avoid getting stabbed. 
Doesn't matter may have sex?
I actually missed that too. Damn it.
This would probably be a lot fucking easier in Turkey.  They're pretty secular over there.
Seriosuly though, I'm tall and people have asked me if i'm middle eastern, i'm actually half russian im just tan as fuck. Excuse me while I buy a plane ticket to the land of delicious food and rampant vagina
Are you naturally tan as fuck or is your skin normally average white and you tan really fucking easy?
Well the I'm also a quarter Puerto Rican so kinda both
Puerto Rican isn't a race, but I guess you mean non white Puerto Rican. I get what that's like though, I'm mostly white and Arab, and I look Southern European naturally, but I can tan dark enough to look Arab. 
Oh I didn't realize you were talking about race, thought you meant nationality. But yeah it's weird, I tan like crazy and then if i don't get enough sun for a while I turn into the palest siberian fucker you've ever seen
Shit, you're like me. Having skin that dramatically changes color seems to be pretty rare. 

lel, just wondering, do you use sunscreen like crazy?

Hell yeah, time to fuck some Arabs, I'm tall and fit and white what could go wrong
It seems no one uses 'burka' anymore.
It seems . do..
Because most Muslim girls living in the west don't wear 
Do people make a distinction now?.I always thought burka described the one in the pic as well as 'headscarves'.

Interesting..Either my memory is shit, or school history and civ classes are shit, especially considering I got perfect scores in those classes..Thanks for the information, gotta love when you lose ignorance.
Most history classes are either Euro centralized, I don't blame you for not knowing. 
Yea it sucks. I think we spent two weeks on Asia, one week on Africa, one week on the Middle Ages (discluding the Crusades), and the rest of the semester on Europe..Feltbadman.
The worst thing about the Hijab is that you can't tell if the girl has no chin or no neck. Having no chin may not seem like a big deal- but it is.
I guess there's more than one way to fuck a terrorist.
Sandniggers are so retarded. 
no u
So edgy
Op doesn't lie about the scale system he mentioned. Headscarf and jeans means 'I still want to live with my parents at home but want to piss them off and be rebellious.' 
The guy pretty much described me
I think he's talking about me, I'm not gay. I think. 
Q: How do you tell if your friend is gay? A: His dick tastes like shit..Thought it was going to be that joke.
Why do I feel like this is about me...
Edit: Link to the thread  
If he doesn't stutter on the 'no homo' then he probably doesn't go to /fit/ either
I'm n-not sure what you mean...
y-you too...
th-thanks /fit/
Yeah, that's how I found out that my friend was gay.
This reminds me of the time I got everyone to think my bully was gay. 
You sure showed him. 
Damn straight I showed him. Ever since I did that, he's been treating me with respect and he's even been unusually nice to me lately. 
Holy shit did a kraut just make a passable joke?.0/10 thread is fake
Huehuehuehuehuehuehue
BR? HUEHUEHUE
GIB MUNEY PLOX
/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread
Scooby's been king ever since some anon rolled all 8's, where the fuck have you been OP
What would we call that?
Fuck....
Scriptfag
Scooby, like, the Doo? 
Scooby, like, the bodybuilder. 
Enlighten us non-/fit/ (read gay) browsers and tell us who it is?
He's the natty overlord
Except he's not natty

Oh
Some secretly roiding faggot who couldn't even pass the course to get a personal trainer certificate. He makes "instructional" youtube videos.

Would fabricate a fabricating company just to hate fuck this bitch.
who upvotes this
now op HAS to be a faggot.
nice nsfw tag faggot
You don't even see anything... 
i LOVE these....
HUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUE
You're on ., what the fuck were you expecting?
something that had a nsfw tag, you nigger
Seriously, this conversation is in every fucking nsfw post here. Wouldn't it be simpler to just make . nsfw by default? Any mod here?
Is he going to tattle on us? Holy shitfire.
Boy, it sure is summer in here...
I guess i also have a . fetish. 
Of all the sick fetishes- this is not one.
I saw that last night and they go on to discuss the possibility of it being a man in the costume, but OP said he's rape her/him anyways.
Must be an alcohol. 
BAZOOPER
ZIMBABWE
BANZINGO
Seriously this isn't "strange"
THE ASS WAS FAT
FTFY
What's so strange?
Well I just thought it was strange because he said he was just attracted to her in the costume at disneyworld
OP that is not strange. 
God dammit, what won't people cum on?
your mum.
If given the chance, anyone would fuck Mrs. Incredible.
Screw that, I'd take Violet. 
4chan goes straight to the pics. No brain power needed.
Thank you for sharing this absolute gem.
Not sure if OP is trolling and doesn't see obvious trolls in his picture 
If you've ever posted on reddit, you'll know that troll bait is quite common. 
I know, but "trolling" and actual stupidity use the same words 
*Same argument. 
Arguments are made of words
OK then..If you've ever posted on reddit, you'll know that . is quite common.
They have Thomas The Tank Engine faces. 
This post is shit and you are shit
Quick question, is this post shit?
Kiss my ass scarface
You try fuck on me, gay boi?
Kiss my scar, assface
Scar my ass, kissface
Ass my face, scarkiss
Go back to r/funny..All of you.
10/10 would read again
dat spyware
If you're having trouble removing that spyware use Spybot Search and Destroy.
justice served.
I'm surprised no one has pointed out the last two lines contradict each other. 
They don't, the second to last line means that he was brought back to life after the policed killed him, not that he went and fly himself killed after being released.
This was as predictable as knowing when the phone rang, it was your cousin wanting to go bowling or see 
Didn't care about picture. Saw spyware. Fuck OP.
It's never really made sense, has it?
Nice, but it would have been funny if he calls in the license plate and realizes that every car in the fucking city had the same one. 
This one took me a minute.
Haha GTA
Cool adware, dumbass.
[deleted]
Figured it out at "liberty"
dat filename 
You might be retarded.
Perhaps
Lol OP you got a virus on your dirty whore comp. That's like a computer STD
is this the same dude that keeps on posting his virus filled shit?
Figured it out at the picture of the GTA cop...
Holy shit you are a huge fucking virus infested faggot

Nice spyware OP. 
Spyware on a picture? How the fuck?
it's text when its on 4chan. 
Think about it... Actually makes perfect sense
I'm a bit of a retard when it comes to spyware. I actually have no fucking clue about it.
Whoever took the screen shot had spyware on their computer. The spyware reads through the text on a page and turns keywords into links. Those links go through an affiliate program and the owner of the spyware makes money from your traffic. 
Haha.. Just being a smartass... The links on common words are put there by spyware to steal traffic... I havent read an official explanation on it though
the random words highlighted is usually from spyware, they link to malware infested search engines
But as I remember there are sites who intentionally allow adverts on their site this way. Correct?
Yeah, but 4chan isn't one of them.
I'm curious why the spyware reports.
Those blue underlined links are created by spyware..If they show up for you as well, then stop being a fucking moron and fix your computer.

That is on your end mate.
Yes I did not suspect Reddit was infected with CouponDropDown
If you're using chrome, it's an add-on installed without your knowledge and is super easy to remove. If there is no add-on and you aren't using chrome, clean your computer by waving a large and powerful magnet over the monitor and tower.
So I tried your little "fix" and my computer fucking died. Thanks asshole! Last time I take advice from 4chan users....(but seriously, the addon thing worked -- thanks)
did you just get it like yesterday? I had the same thing highlighted and the same deals. I went in and deleted something I didn't download. how'd we both get it?
Same shit with me, just happened like a day ago. I ran a Malwarebytes and found some shady files and deleted them. Chrome still had an extension but deleting that fixes the problem. It's the extension w/o an icon that says it's not installed from the chrome store.
Why has this shit got 120 upvotes?
This is shit and you are shit

2/10 .Its also the chances to get a number with 2 posts.
1/5*.Simply, you flaming faggot.
I was attributing a x/10 to the post at the same time ;)
I think this is actually a serious problem. I've had austic dudes hit on my girl friend in Game Stop; like straight up flat out first thing they say. This is why I have games shipped to my house now.
OP is Sheldon
Oh god the poor bloke. .Like, pathetic yeah but i mean if that made him happy whatever 
Did the Sonichu guy find a new place to stalk people?
Op was Cwc.
You were that threatened by it?
Manager is a faggot.
They must've been pretty smooth for you to not go back.
BLAZOOPER
To everyone that thinks this is good for GameStop, you're wrong.  OP was obviously being annoying to customers.  The employees probably liked the free stuff, but cringed at his "help".  .I had customers do this before and they are annoying as hell.  They don't know what they're doing and talk about their interests to paying customers rather than actually helping the customer. 
[deleted]
roses are red.violets are blue.op is a faggot.and so are you

That thread just got worse as it went on, OP was convinced he was doing a great service to the customers by railing off random gaming facts to them.
Got link to the rest of it?
I'm just imagining a fat hairy loser approaching every customer and traumatizing them with his bo.
hey man, that my little pony game is great, ive beat it like....6 bagilly times.  Have you ever watched my little pony?  The show is so great, it speaks to me...my favorite pony is "gaynamefaggotshowautist", you should ask your mother if you can come over and watch it with me some time....i know your 10 but thats ok! btw according to meaghans law.....and the rest is history
He gets enjoyment and (limited) social interaction from it, I really don't see the problem.
Yeah me either. "Ha look at the autist trying to make friends and better himself what a loser lolz"
...Did OP just do volunteer work for GameStop?.I figured it out- he wanted to make friends because everyone would think he is helpful and look to him for further advice... Or because he is an idiot.
Or a faggot. 
Or an autistic faggot idiot.
Probably also a brony.
And a furry.
...theres a difference?
Yeah
This is just a repost of a pic from the top comment of a front page post.. but wateva.  
So old you damn faggot
3/14/12.Op confirmed as a faggot
youre reposting my oc
Mine too
Mine too
THIS IS A SHAMELESS REPOST AND YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED!!!
Your logic is just terrible.
I... wait, what?
If it's shameless why would he be ashamed...?
He/she should be ashamed . it's a shameless repost of an old top link for the sole purpose of acquiring karma. .The operative word here is ., because we know that, OP being a massive faggot and all, he/she will not..Feel shame, that is.
Fair enough. 
Doesn't matter got karma
[deleted]
Down voting people from their comment history doesn't work, it simply shows up on your screen to give you the "illusion" that you spammed the user with negative/positive karma.
Cool Story Bro
I wore a fedora to a party.
Top notch stuff here, OP. 
"one time i unscrewed the lid of a parmesan shaker at a pizza place and waited for someone to sit at the table and then i took a shit on his pizza"
Seems familiar.

This isn't /b/ faggot.
OP was Castiel
the most devastating insult known to exist

Its not like I needed my sides today
Almost threw up in hysterics at "greeted by awful smell"
I remember my first time pooping in class
I bet it was shitty.
Ive never fully pooped in class but ive gotten skid marks that make your but feel on fire. 
Youre smokin da wrong shit Mon
TIL everyone on this subreddit cannot handle a little bit of weed without thinking they shit themselves
I used to be real paranoid about shitting myself when I first started getting high.  Thought I was alone.  Never tried to shove a turtlehead back in though...
UGH NO ONE ELSE UNDERSTANDS ME WHEN I SAY I ALWAYS FEEL LIKE I'M ABOUT TO POOP WHEN I'M HIGH. This guy. This guy gets me.
that's pcp not weed
Been there. Weed gets laced
Was it laced with LSD or something? 
I once passed out on the toilet in a pizza place stoned off my ass because i was terrified i was shitting myself..WHY, WHY WHYYYYYYYYYY?!
One time I got high and thought I shit myself the whole time I was at the restaurant.  I think I get what he means when he's shitting too, going to the bathroom while super high is weird... like normally there's a fluidity to taking a shit, but when you're high you have to push that shit out there..[7]
Some mother fuckers can't handle there shit
I'm taking a shit while reading this so it's relevant
Man this used to happen to me all the time when I smoked that synthetic marijuana spice shit.
This is why no one offers drugs to autists
i just smoke while taking a shit so it hits when i am finished
I love that you can save a screen capture of something you didn't write, post it here, and get karma like your life depends on it.. kinda sad really
What the fuck kind of weed are kids smoking these days!?!?!
4Chan got some bammer shit.
Ding dang dung. Poopy-Joe
I just sit there and look around, weed has never made me do shit this crazy before.
Wow, I can't believe this shit. I've smoked so many strains of weed and non of this shit has happened to I. I could believe it if it was alcohol or some other shit. I hate being drunk. I do strange shit
yolo420blzitfgs
Where can I find the image of the shocked Asian lady?? 
I saw pretty much the same post on r/trees a few months back...
Who's the girl in anon's thumbnail
Now THAT is a bad time! 
Damn, bro needs to learn how to handle his shit. Side note, op obviously faggot.
what is the name of the photo tag?
"True" "story" "bro"
That's not how weed works.  
anon, you clever girl
Ok there's making a post we can relate to then there's this post >.<
fucking amature
the last reply on that post is me... i shiggy.
So... I probably don't want to know the answer to this..But is it possible to prolapse your own anus just through willpower?.EDIT: Elaboration - If I think I'm just taking a mean shit, is it possible I'm pushing my own anus out? Is it the same motion as squeezing a shit out?
Well how else would you do it? I assume people don't reach in there and start pulling things out... 
Wait you're not supposed to do that?
no, leave the gerbil where it is, it'll come out when it's ready
That might not have been the best picture to use for the mfw.
Well it must be accurate, right? The second picture is horror because Anon just accidentally wiped shit on his face.
Man one time in college I got so high I thought I was in an 8-bit video game about a carousel. I got so freaked out and ran towards the local burger king (thinking that a whopper would help the situation) with my friends chasing me. I actually tried to jump on one of them because I thought I was Luigi and they were a goomba, but I just ended up getting tackled and dragged back to the apartment.
Were your friends in high school impressed with this story?
You can do anything you put your mind to if you try hard enough.
Dear diary, OP was a retarded fag today 
fuck off
Without fail,  anytime I smoke I have this terrible paranoia that I've pissed myself. I have to check like every twenty minutes. Pretty sure I just make myself wet by doing that,  therefore exacerbating aforementioned paranoia. 
everything below the waist always feels so warm.
This is a thing that definitely happened. 
It's the highest I ever was in my entire life. I snapped out of it after a bit and spent the rest of the night watching Space Ghost
Mmm yeah I smoked some weed before and I was seeing shit, and everything was melting..Oh wait weed doesn't do that.
It happened to me. If it was laced that is another story, of course
I've had like walls and shit go wavy before cause I had some really dank bud after a month of not smoking. Not saying that dude's thing happened, but weed can really trip you out if your tolerance is low enough
Oh yeah that happens all the time when you smoke too much, but this guy is saying his world turned 8-bit. I think he may be puffing on other stuff than weed...
He said he "thought" he was in an 8-bit game. Whenever I get high, I get a feeling that I'm in a cartoon or movie or something. The world doesn't actually become animated, but theres just a strong feeling that the world is like that, its actually my second favorite part about weed...
Yea, let's read that version too.
Get jiggy wit it, skibbidy bee bop diddy do wahhh
You're only lying to yourself man.
When i use to smoke, i would always think that i shit myself, even though i never did. 
It always feels like I pissed or shat myself when I'm high. It has not happended even one time, so I just assume I haven't by now. 
and I thought I'm the only one..
reading this is actualy a relief.
me too, i don't know why. Maybe because everything feels a bit weird and pissing yourself is the worst that could happen in a social situation, combine that with weed paranoia
Last year I was at this house gathering with a mate, I didn't really know anyone else there too well, we bought some drink and were just sat talking and playing with the kittens. At some point we ended up outside sharing a few joints between us before going back into the main room. .So I'm sat on this chair pretty much behind everyone as we were lacking room for the 7-8 of us. After a small while I start smelling shit. There was no denying what it was, it was definitely shit. And I thought it was me. Somebody in front said something that I didn't fully hear, something about the smell and then everyone else started laughing. Everyone but me, I thought I'd shit myself and everyone had just figured it out..It took me a good ten minutes of sitting there before I built up the courage to walk past people and head to the toilet. Turns I hand't shit myself afterall..So with this new found knowledge, I get back to my seat and slowly whisper what just happened to my mate that was sat next to me. He tells me that aye, the cat litter tray was in the hall and the cats had obviously just made use of it..Then I completely lost it, started laughing at the siutation, my mate starts laughing, it gets louder and suddenly everyone in the room is wanting in on what was so funny..I wasn't going to tell them I thought I'd shit myself after a joint, besides, I couldn't even speak I was laughing so hard. So I did the only thing I could manage, I stood up, waved to everyone, blurted out bye and pulled my mate downstairs so we could get out of there. .We get to the bottom of the stairs, both still crying with laughter when we try to open the door. Only it's locked, so we sat on the bottom step of this lasses house for around 10 minutes until the laughing subsided. Then we had the dilemma of who was going to be the person to go back up stairs to get the key for the door (bearing in mind they all must have thought we left 10 minutes back). .Luckily a coin toss saw me sit out on that one.
Weed is not DMT retard.
It might've been laced or something and he didn't know it...
Yeah because people lace weed..
How do you know they don't? 5 dollars of shitty weed + 5 dollars of another drug could be sold for 20 dollars as "great weed". .Although it probably wasn't laced
I knew a guy who would put a little spice in his bowls just to fuck with people 
Fuck people like that.
DMT wouldn't do that either.

Yeah DMT doesn't make you think you're Mario.
Yeah never said any drug would give you a stereotypical fake trip like the OP said.  Just used a drug that makes you see intense visuals as an example of what the guy was definitely not smoking.
This is one greentext story that I can believe is true.
then you realised you read it on 4chan
When I'm high, I never have to take shits. It basically blocks up my asshole for like 5 hours. Not sure if thats just me.
Every day when I sit down to vape I suddenly have to shit. It's like the trigger that keeps me regular.
The first time I smoked I took a shit somewhere along the come down and my asshole felt ginormous, like dilated. but yeah I couldn't go on the plateau
I have terrible judgement of my bodily functions so I try not to do anything like that.
You gonna have some rough elder years
Same for me, its impossible to shit when im high
Well I hope OP is just joking because honestly this is some bullshit. Nobody gets that high from weed. Granted I've been smoking bud for over 15 years, but there isn't weed in this world strong enough to do this.  
Same way for me bro, one time I was literally clenching my cheeks together to not shit myself, smoked a bowl, and everything just disappeared...now that I think of it..I my of shit myself..oh well
You're missing out.
It's all those burritos you eat.
As soon as I get high, I have to shit. Normally I shit a family of poos. A big one, a medium one, and a bunch of little ones. When I get high they bond together and the log magically expands and I take a giant shit. 
Took a shit while high once, it was a glorious experience. Felt so good. 
I can brush my tongue without gagging when i'm high.
Now that I think of it, I smoked weed everyday, all day for 4 days straight and only shit twice in the brief few minutes of sobriety.
Not just you. I have gotten high hundreds and hundreds of times but I never had take a shit while high.
I passed out on a toilet at a party taking a shit :-(
I can't even count the number of times when I've felt a shit coming on, so I quickly roll up a joint to take with me..What else am I gonna do on the shitter.
Pooping when high is literally the shit
What about when you suck a cock?
Works just the same!
I have Ulcerative Colitis and its basically the reason I smoke so much.
My friend has Crohn's and a medical card. It evidently works wonders for symptom relief.
More than that:
When I'm high I get a craving for peanuts. Not just any peanuts, caramel coated peanuts..I always end up eating a shitton and puking. evrytim.
when i am high, i just puke. thats why i stopped smoking weed
I have the exact same issue. Shit sucks. 
I think you did it wrong. You probably know better than I do, it's your body after all. Shit, I'd hope you know your body better than I do.
Jup, i dont have enough fat for my bidy to proparly take in the THC (at least that is ehat i have been told)
That's bullshit. Whoever told you that is a liar. I'm 6'6" 160 and I can guarantee you that having fat in your body has nothing to do with being able to get high
I'm not going to call you a liar for puking every time you smoke, but whoever told you it's because you don't have enough fat probably lied. I'm around 6'2 and about 130-140 pounds, there is basically no fat on me and I've never puked from smoking.
Please tell me you're joking.
[deleted]
That's not at all the same thing.
[deleted]
The reason he's not getting high has nothing to do with his body fat levels. 
If I could be arsed to upload it, here would be a good place to link that 'PARTY HARD' gif of the guy on the toilet spinning the paper all over the floor with all the flashing colours and stuff..Help me out here.
Yup, its literally a godsend. All the medication that I take have side effects that are basically the symptoms of my condition. I used to think it was stupid hippie talk when people talked about marijuana being for medical use but I shut up real quick seeing the effects first hand.
How do you go about asking your doctor about that? I have UC as well and none of the meds I've tried seem to help much, and I don't want to sound like a pothead just trying to get his fix. I've never even smoked before
You don't necessarily have to talk to your primary physician to get the card, you can do it at any of the clinics that advertise it. You have a really legitimate reason to get one, so the process should be pretty smooth (depending upon the state you live in).
Youd have to go to a doctor that has a medical marijuana license as well. Theres a site online where you can look it up. I dont have a medical card yet, theres no doctors in my immediate area and i havent had time to go get checked out by one and I feel weird asking my current doctor for one. I have a friend who gives me basically medically priced stuff so im not too worried for now.
If you say that exact phrase, with a straight face, you are golden
I'd also recommend not wearing Bob Marley T-shirts or Dreadlocks.

You got my back bro.
I tried forcing it once. A 3-4" mini log took nearly 15mins of pushing. Would not recommend. 
I popped a hemorrhoid and bled like a motherfucker for about a week. I got high, forgot about it, took a shit, and thought I was dying when I saw blood in the toilet bowl.
OH MY GOD PLEASE NO
I almost popped a vein once
I almost pooped a vein once
Vein here. When I get high I nearly pooped a human once.
Pics and time stamp plz
to anyone who has never smoked weed, this post is 100% accurate. taking a shit while blazed feels . weird. 
Most I've ever done is take a piss....It felt exactly the same as being sober...
You should try it on psychs....
Sweet Jesus thank you, nothing starts me up better than a quick Bong hit and power nap shit session 
Only if you're inexperienced.
no it doesn't
Would you say it was, the shit?
I have never had the urge to shit when high. I pee like I'm drunk though. Probably because my mouth turns into the Sahara desert.
If you think that feels weird you should try taking a dump while on MDMA.
I don't do it anymore, but whenever I used to take MDMA I literally had to either shit or puke before I came up. The second the poo or puke hit the toilet bowl I would get high. 
Wouldn't you be puking at least most of the pill back up if it was under an hour after taking it?
I've never experienced this but I've definitely hit the roller coaster when peeing. Though the next morning my shits are something to behold. "Extacy shits," I like to call them.
For me it's different, everytime I'm at a party and need to go to the toilet, I simply wait till my MDMA kicks in and I won't have to visit the toilet until the next morning.
This happened to me every time I took MDMA. The amount of times I've found myself in a disgusting club toilet taking a shit then coming up whilst sitting on the shitter. Great feeling!
Yep me and my friends sometimes used to take up the whole row of toilets doing synchronised shits. 
That sounds like a magically bonding experience. Go in having to shit, come out of the toilet "ah man, I love you guys."
I want this
I've never had a problem with it. I suppose by the time I'm puking it's usually done its stuff. The puke just takes me over the edge. 
Fuck, i've only puked on MDMA once and it was horrible. I popped two pills and went dancing. One of my idiot friends started drinking and he collapsed. I thought he was dying so I tripped out. I was paranoid that the cops would find us, that he would die, what my parents would do if my friend died. I threw up and just started tripping out. Woke up with a molly hangover. Didn't have an appetite for like a day and a half.
Yeah that doesn't sound nice, like a 'going under' type puke. Mine were generally a 'having a clear out' type pukes. Cleansing. Although I do remember one time in a club I puked in the toilet and freaked out because it was bright red. I thought I was dying for a second, but then I remembered I'd eaten chinese food and drunk half a bottle of red wine before I went out. 
Considering his username I wouldn't be surprised if he's in the stage of "Holy shit have you tried ____ .?!?".I smoke when I shit but it's because I like to play games on my phone/read articles, and smoking enhances that. 
I shit when I smoke because I always smoke.  I know nothing else.
You can feel it sliding out so much clearer. 
thanks for that
"it's ropey... "
Shitting on LSD is 100 times weirder.
It's a part of me!

First time I tripped acid, I went to make a fire in the middle of the woods (we have a cleared out area with a stone ring) with another friend who was also tripping and two other friends who were trip sitting us. I ended up having to take a shit, so I wandered about until finding a fallen forked tree and shat between the trunks where they were the right distance apart to accommodate me. Good times man.
The trick is alwas having someone next to you, convincing yourself that no matter how much you want to, you can't taste colors. I know, brown is really yummy, but you shouldn't taste colors. Especially brown and . the beige + blue.
Tripping in the woods is always fun. Such good vibes.
Did this once. .No memory of doing it. .Found evidence in my pants. 
Were you also drunk? In my experimentations LSD and high doses of alcohol don't go well together. It's like all my memory turns into a 2min buffer and everything I do in 2min erases the last 2. This goes on until I wake up wondering how the fuck did I climb a tree and why am I wearing a bra.
Yes. And smoking weed probably 
lots of alcohol while waiting on the lsd to kick in led to me having a nice collection of cigarette burn marks up my arms.  Didn't comprehend what I had done till about 5 hours later..A shitfaced friend and I took turns burning each other.... basically a who's dick is bigger contest.
Oh lawd, the fact it hasn't happened to me makes it so hilarious.
That's a game. You grab each other's arm before the elbow, like some viking level handshake, then drop a lit cig in the crevise the two arms create. Whoever lets go is obviously a faggot. 
You sound like every chef I have ever met.
Yep. Did this with a friend right after graduation from high school. Was way drunk. Still got the scar 13 years later 
I remember once my friend was taking a shit in my place while me and some other people were on LSD in highschool, and another kid went in after and came out crying that he had smeared shit all over my parents bathroom walls and flipped me the fuck out. Luckily he was mistaken, it was just a paint pattern.
Hahahah I laughed HARD at this! Reminds me of the first time I got high on weed. My perception of time was really fucked up and I wanted to take a shower. When I finished it I thought I had pissed all over myself for some reason.
Well, this one time I took LSD (One of many, many times), I decided to take a shit. So, down I got onto the toilet, everything's fine, the floor has fucking dissipated, the toilet paper is floating and I am infinitely falling backwards. .So yeah, I shat in the dirty laundry, fell down onto my back, got covered in shit and ate half a role of toilet paper. It was fun. 
Once while in Salvia I thought the toilet was a magic portal into whatever the fuck I thought it was. I'm luck that a) I wasn't shitting and b) There wasn't just enough water there so I didn't drown..Still, my hair stank for a few hours, Took me a long, long shower to get it off.
Yup, this checks out.
Are you kidding?  That is my morning routine, bong load, cup of coffee, on the toilet.  It is magical.
Agree with muffin. Takin a shit high is no different than any other shit other than the fact that it feels glorious... Like after a cup of coffee and it rockets out. The rush to the toilet might feel like hell, but the aftermath is something reserved for the gods. 
Sounds like you've built a tolerance.
He drinks coffee daily, he has loose shits.
There are people who don't drink coffee daily?
I don't drink coffee daily! And by that, I mean every day, I don't drink coffee.
Coffee is rather poisonous for the high it gives you, I take small doses of cocaine instead.
Same here except with speed. If you're lucky enough to get an ADHD diagnosis you will never have need of caffiene again.
SMOKE METH PUSSY
Meth pussy sounds like a very dangerous drug. 
Another glorious comma persecution? Or just a shitty post?.13, 42, OR 69 DECIDES, AMIRITE??
I was making a joke not persecuting, you jerk. Sheesh. 

I was gonna take a shit... but then I got high...
I was gonna wipe that asshole too, but then I got high....Now I'm sticking my finger up my butt-hole, and I know why, hey heey,
Because I'm high, because I'm high, because I'm high....La de dah dah dah dah
I guess there's a few of the clever people pretending to be stupid people still on there.
CP is so uncute.
Most videogames aren't supported by advertising profits
Yeah, but CP is provided for free a lot of the time.
Most CP (which is the example here) isn't supported by advertising profits either
Video games cost vastly more to produce than porn, though.  That's where this argument dies.
Still, $60 for 10 hours of fun is fucking unreasonable.  They ought to make their games more reasonably priced if they don't want this problem.  For example, I used to stream most of my shows for free online, but now that I have Netflix, I'll watch most of my shows on there now.  If you provide a reasonable price for streaming content, most people end up doing it the legal way instead of the illegal way.
If games cost less they will get shittier so they can save money on production..Large game production is ridiculous if you want to keep it timely so it doesn't get outdated graphically and mechanically..Programming, art, design, all that takes a lot of man power and even more money on employees, equipment, and training..Hence, if you are spending less on games, then production is marginalized, and you are stuck playing games that are nifty but not mind-blowing. Everything would be on par with the Binding of Isaac at best. It's a fun game, sure, but it isn't amazing by any means. .Just like with everything else, 95% of the time you get what you pay for. 
Source? Now games get shittier as budget increases..What would you rather play: Bioshit Infinite or Binding of Isaac? I think the answer is obvious for those with taste.
It depends on how cost efficient the game is if the consumer is happy.
Binding of isaac is fun and also really cost efficient, 5 bucks for atleast 50 hours of gameplay..Now for bigger games from big companys, Disgaea 4 (20bucks) is extremely cost efficient because of the extreme ammounts of shit you can do, there are people that have played atleast 500 hours of that game, and you can also fight other people online, trying to get a full party of level 186,000 characters with lvl99 equipment, create your own epic pirate ship etc.Then you also have f2p games like dota2, planetside 2 etc
Which is why a game should be good, and worth buying. Nobody wants to play a shitty game that set them back $60. I miss the old days of demo games. I'd play those, enjoy the game and buy the real thing with no regret.
Either that, or a good argument for downloading CP.
[deleted]
Why don't you have a seat over here

[deleted]
haha, it means child porn. 
[deleted]
Cheese pizza
Why not both?
REAL HUMAN BEING
REAL FAGET
Is drive a good movie I haven't seen it.
It really is. Yes it's fun to circlejerk the Driver's awkward mannerisms (reel human bean) but the movie fucking rules.
Yes. If you don't like it the first time, watch it again, so you can get all the weird out of the way
It's really just a shitty remake of Leon: The Professional.
yes it is. there wasn't one aspect about the movie that i didn't like 
what a fag
That movie sucks.

No, it's just a low quality movie that is overrated because it's got some unique factors to it.
What makes it low quality, then?
That movie is just a bunch of clichs.  People like you think it's really deep, and a genius movie because you like to think you are one of the few people who understand it.  It's not genius, it's just lazy.
Repost!
If you are a fan of Drive, check out Hotline Miami .No I'm not a bot im real human bean


2/10, no mention of beans anywhere
That movie sucks dick
Another thing that sucks dicks: your mom.
You have shitty opinions.
No drives awesome. You suck dick.
no it doesnt faggot

Fuck yes 

The different fonts really do it for me.
Real hooman bean
And an reel hero 
It's called a return rack for a reason.
Seriously. I'm pretty sure autists don't normally fold their own clothes. The return rack is there so the store can remove and burn the sweaty leftover clothes neckbeards decide are too mainstream. 
I wouldn't fold clothes to put back, but I would hang up a shirt or something
fair enough
I glance at fatties with a strong disapproving eye in order to show beautiful people how much they're appreciated. 
People like you make the world a better place.
[deleted]
Don't forget to hit puberty first
She went to my sister's HS.
Why does it seem like in all her pix she looks extremely constipated or that she has a dry dick in her ass? She would be much hotter if she lost that expression
Really... Her?
.
I don't want to hit dat.
sad pathtic winker
Lol the fucking waffles 
Don't worry waffles. We're all gonna make it.
I'd fuck that waffle.
You don't have a chance, it's holding out for the unattainable.

Soooooo hot , want to touvh the hineyyyyy....OOWWOOOoooooooooo
I saw this girl at the Sephora in her hometown. Judging by the fans around her, the only people interested in her are 12 year old girls. 
And my cock
99% of her pictures on Google Images show her facing to the right of the camera. So fucking weird.
She's just accentuating her good side. Normal posing for a girl..Source: I'm a girl.
Take it from a guy who's had sex with a Disney girl. It's not worth it. I hooked up with one at a party in the Valley, IN THE VALLEY. I knew who she was, but I had previously fucked one other star, a girl who was on a Soap Opera so I considered myself hot shit. .Anyways, we went out for 1 date... I had to actually organize the whole thing over the phone with her publicist first AND sign a confidentiality agreement. For one fucking date. It was like I was dealing with a hostile father. We end up just going for a walk... a fucking walk, because she had some prior engagement later in the night. Okay no problem, I thought. We walked around did nothing, and then her driver picked us up. The night in the Valley she was pretty sexual, this time... not so much as a kiss. Whatever, figured it wasn't meant to be..About 4 days later her publicist calls and is screaming at me (I can hear the girl screaming on the other end) calling me a pig, and how I used the girl for sex, and how she was just a little girl--she was 18 and looked 25, give me a fucking break. and blah blah blah. I hung up mid-call, and felt like shit for like 3 days as I got maybe 50 messages from her and her client. I didn't much care for her, the situation just pissed me off. Still does when I think about it.
I'll take things that never happened for $400
Does it piss you off enough to tell us who it is?
He signed a confidentially agreement
Plz Respond CUM_IN_THE_FISHBOWL
And here I thought I was the only one.... 
I agree with this, and im a toaster strudel.
[.] Did you mean to put wanker? Did you mess up a comment on the internet?



EarthboundCultists.jpg
that's totally not the password though.
thepassword.txt

Well done sir, well done

poptart master race reporting in
Slut.
This post is shit.
well the waffle is inside her
source of pic?


Eh her face is shit but at least she has the body of a 9 year old boy.
Shut your mouth. Her face isn't ugly. 
Awwww yeeeeeeahhhh...
The fuck kinda 9 year old boys are . hanging around?
Sexy ones
Best kind!
Had to look her up, found this gem on her Wikipedia:
Doesn't she have a thing with Mac Miller?
Fucking excellent.

Yes, because from then on it was no longer a long distance relationship...

I.... wha-- oh. Oh. Well done.

This is the girl that the OP was raving about? A normal, run-of-the-mill girl.
She's famous.
Meh... Looks like a chola.
Context?
She was in a different country at an interview and the interviewer was asking about american stereotypes and asked her to describe a stereotypical soccer mom and she said "blown back hair, (some other shit) and fake.... (does what's in the gif)" because she didn't wanna say tits.

She knows what we want. 
That waffle is way to beta to actually do anything
Forever an Eggo, never a Belgium.
my sides 
B&E?
kill yourself.
10/10 would downvote
Sausage or eggs?
Had no clue who she was, Googled her, looked at pics and hoped to god she's not under 18. She wasn't. 
Isn't 15 the legal age of consent in Europe? Fuck America for making us feel weird for being attracted to young prime girls.
This money that I mine, I can never spend enough.

Cheers dragon drummer.
[deleted]
Do I vote 
Old enough for you to not get worked over, I would've thought.
bro its a banger

Such victory.
How did you win? She could be 4,000 and still wouldn't touch your shriveled little mushroom. 
True, but I didn't feel like a pedo and NSA doesn't have that on me, so win!
Why do you have to do that to us man? 
Don't feel bad, she wouldn't want me either. I don't have a mushroom though, unless there's some weird mushroom with a little flap on top. Hell they got those brain mushrooms so who knows.

I'd fuck it.
Ariana who?
Had to Google the slag. Fail to see anything special.  What porn is she on?
She isn't on any porn (that I know of), she's just in a kids show playing a teenager so anon can pretend she's 14 without feeling weird.
Ariana "Disney Jailbait" Grande
Nickelodeon*
FTFY
She's cute, but I still think Carly and Sam are hotter.
Is she a virgin like me?
Nickelodeon
How can you be a virgin and fuck the pope?
You're still a virgin if you only do anal, of course.
I don't know, I think popping the black cherry still counts as a loss of virginity
Not if you're the one doing the popping.
Not if you're Catholic
Virgin in the front, pope in the back.
Pimpy needs some gold!
Virgin in the front, alter boy in the back.

Please don't be fake please don't be fake
Now I want there to be more . of her 
Looked like her actual boob
Its fake.

I don't care that it's fake, still nice to see.
He religions it away afterwards.
20 years old isn't jailbait
 
look at all those plots...
At the risk of being called a huge OP, is there a version of this surefire toward towards those of the gay persuasion? 
I feel for you gaybro, but I don't know that there is. These subs are usually pretty connected though, so feel free to message the mods of . and see if there is.
No, we do not have one. However I will not delete post containing plot about men, however last time that happened they were downvoted pretty hard. 
Really? She's 20 now? 

This was a shit post, but upvoted because Bork'd Schlong!
Weeping with laughter right now

Holy fuck. My sides.
Got Borked 
Clonk those bonkers, OP.
ASS TO ASS!
OP clapped them cheeks
))((
))=8
))=8|``))
))=((
))<>((
You've done a good thing.
Back and forth...forever
bitches be clappin' and they ain't usin hands'
Protip: unhide the video to complete your twerk experience.
In my gap year before uni my average wakeup time is like 4pm... 
Man that shit got to your retarded head!
My friend sent his little brother into the room his parents were having sex in to see what they would say
[deleted]
HE KNEW.
Feels
Quitters.
Toatlly the same thing. 
[deleted]
Show us on the doll where your father touched you. 
Toadlly
Anon felt weak when she kissed him because he was in love. Poor fool didn't even know it.
Or you could tell her your not interested and that your creeped out? Pretty damn easy. Stop being beta. 
doesn't matter, had slobber.
The king of all betas.
Jimmies:Rustled..Post this r/fatpeoplestories to reap the extra karma!
Dude at least link it. 
My bad, I'm on mobile.
It's funny how all these stories portray fat people as they are portrayed in cartoons, constantly eating, dribbling and finishing others' food. It's almost like they're all made up by autistic people who never actually interact with anyone.
Your right. Nice to meet you.
Just drop a waffle in front of a fucking train
But think of all the passengers who would die...
YFW you read the letters that start of the last 4 sentences.
Dammit Michael.

Good use of GTAV's story.
I want to know what 490095137 says.
Yeah. A little context would be great here. Too bad OP is a faggot and context is foreign to him. 
That's actually good advice
Isn't it? Haha
All these comments are cancer.
Wouldnotreadagain/10 
Wait... They rated Casey Anthony an 8/10?
Casey Anthony is definitely at least 8/10 probably 9 cause she is a buckeye 
That seems pretty generous to me. I'd rate her a 7.
_ that took a dramatic turn, did not see that coming at all 
Fucking Squidward.
where's navy seal copypasta?
the one in the bra made be laugh quite hard. 
These kinds of posts are the best when done right
What moron posts of photo of themself to 4chan.
The Ass used in one of the pictures is Bianca Beauchamp's.
Maybe its a friend who wants to prank, and knows that 4chan does that.
/fa/ggots
good point but ive read 4chan posts that are sfw and its the rules of reddit if its not safe to view at work or otherwise it must be tagged as nsfw
this belongs here
ITT: dumb fucks who don't realize photoshop + /b/= dicks
I lost at the Gabe Newell one. 
Instructions unclear, pink dick stuck in cd tray.
Yeeeeah, no nsfw tag needed there.
mother fucker this needs to be tagged as nsfw im looking at this in front of my family
Not assuming . posts are nsfw, etc, etc.
I was in that thread. Shit was so weird.
what about some NSFW im sitting in a fucking train watching it!
Are you sharing your phones screen with everyone in The train?
no im sitting with a computer 
Why the fuck is this not NSFW???
It's Saturday?
Okay, I'm all for the NSFW tags, but if you see a photoshop thread- there is going to be a lot of dicks. You should know that.
Title contains PhotoShop AND /b/, better click it on a train
[deleted]
It's from /b/ and full of photo-shops. What in the flying fuck did you expect?
You're browsing .. What did you expect?
Op plz nsfw.  I tend to browse this sub at work and at family reunions. Thx.
does not compute
Change the title: Squidward Dick Noses
That last one is truly a work of art.
I call it Bold and Brash

Huehuehue
This is becoming more and more disturbing
soo... this happened. 

Fake and gay; Lobster's immune systems shock the lobster to death almost as soon as it touches the boiling water (assuming he left them in the fridge before boiling them), killing it instantly.
toplel
Greentext masterpiece!
I glanced over the title very quickly...I read this as "Anon cooks a lobster girl"
on a scale of one to ten of this happening, this ranks potato.
How do people fuck shit up so easily? Autism.
Jesus fucking christ, I was watching tv while reading this, just as I read about the lobster getting stomped on, a commercial came on that said, "Thousands of animals are being abused every day" My sides have left the earth
Girl seamed like a needy bitch that was more attracted to the whole dinner  situation/guy cooking for her then him. What a slimey cunt!
I lol'd, today OP was not a faggot.
Made me laugh/10
My sides, 10/10
I read once the noise that sounds like crying is actually gases escaping from the lobster's carapace due to the boiling temperatures. Think about it. Why would an animal like a lobster evolve the ability to cry in pain? Other lobsters won't give a shit.
u wot m8
There's a saying that practice makes perfect. In this anon's case, its more like practice will prevent you from looking like a fucking failure. Which is pretty much perfect due to low standards.
I thoroughly enjoyed this Autistic adventure
seems like earth's got a new moon, my sides.top lel
Seems like anon has cooked a recipe for disaster...
175 qp

[deleted]
"Bon appetit, wanna fuck?" ~Anon
for disaster
Autism is too easy an explanation.

Right? I mean what the fuck.
made it for me
This made me think of a kid I went to elementary school with. He wore a pair of black baseball cleats to school everyday. One day, he and some other goober were goofing around (we were likely around 11-12 years old) and he falls forward onto his desk, and a mechanical pencil gets caught in his chest, stuck in only his skin, but he freaks out. .He runs out of the classroom, but he's wearing fucking cleats, and he slips on the linoleum floor. He lodges the mechanical pencil into his lung. .The best part is this kid wore cleats everyday not because his mom couldn't afford nice shoes--he chose to because he thought they made him faster, and their lack of traction indoors ends up impaling his dumb ass. . 
if you aint first, your last
holy tittyfucking christ
Gotta go fast
SPAGHETTI is what he cooked.
Cook spaghetti.
Place directly into fannypack.
I think I've been doing it wrong all these times. I keep putting the sauce in first then the spaghetti after, and mix it well. The extra drippings are a haunting precursor leading up to the eventful spaghetti encounter, but makes it all the more satisfying once its over. 
Place fedora on head.
Win internet with euphoria.
dear diary.today op was not just a faggot, but a downie too
Confirmed Autist
He's got it bad, m8
that picture is from red alert 2 yuris revenge in case anyone wants to know
From what I've heard most feminists thought the portrayal of women is borderlands 2 was rather well done
Usually if I find a game I don't like, I just don't play it
I head people liked Filia from Skullgirls, but I guess one character doesn't make up for the other.
but borderlands two had a fat woman in it and it sold well.
I thought fat princess was a fun game
More Cooking Mama games, and we should be fine.
This is fucking retarded..It has been done before, but actually requires writers with half a braincell.
Dunno about 3. I'd totally play ..
I think The Last of Us would be the one game in existence that would please gamers and feminists. There's finally a female character that isn't sexualized, and it's just a damn good game.
SO THEN DON'T GIVE A FUCK ABOUT FEMINISTS SINCE NOT ALL WOMEN ARE RETARDED FEMINISTS THAT START SHIT OVER NOTHING.4chan retards have nothing to do and start talking about the most random shit because they've no fucking life, stop giving a fuck about literally NOTHING AND GET A FUCKING LIFE HOLY SHIT.HURR DURR FEMINISTS RUSTLE MY JIMMIES I WILL POST IT ON THE INTERNETS BECAUSE I CAN'T GET MY FAT ASS UP DURRRRR .just shut the fucking FUCK UP
Who are these people that are trying to please feminists? Fuck the whiny bitches. Today's feminist doesn't give a shit about equality, they wan't to see males guilted and shamed. They can all fall off a fuckin cliff and I wouldn't even care enough to laugh.
Can you not just make a female characters that are... I don't know, just people? 
I came here for comments..What I found was a treasure trove of butthurt.
Too true. BACK TO THE PILE!
Exception to the rule: Fat Princess
There are things in between strong n athletic and fat n ugly. 
Solution:  Stop giving a shit about what the feminists think.
That's a good point, but you can make an attractive and capable female lead without making them look like 
Why would anyone want to please a feminist anyway?
I thought it was because women don't know how to use computers.
Oh bullshit. Women generally don't get offended at strong female leads unless their boobs are bigger than their heads. Lara Croft previous to the reboot was ridiculous looking. The new Lara Croft is awesome and only raised a fuss with the whole almost-rape thing, which has to do with writing and not at all with her appearance..Obviously there are going to be loud-mouthed attention seekers who will get offended at anything for the sake of the attention it affords them, but if you're dumb enough to believe that all women are like that... actually, I don't give a shit if you're that dumb. I feel kind of bad for you, I guess, but it's not really my problem.
If we're all going to get uber-anal about a 4chan post, I would like to point out your incessant use of the word retard as derogatory..Seriously, calm the fuck down, a group of people you've never met have a misconception, oh no, better take out my holocaust hat.
girls are just like guys, wanna get fucked.  They just are better at self-control, which is why we get you bitches drunk as a fucking skunk so you forget about responsibility. .im drunk
Is there anything you could say about games in this context that wouldn't exactly apply to the movie industry? Which is the bigger issue
Loli is wrong
I don't think that it really even has to do with whether there is a female protagonists or not (though it would be nice) or the look of the character. The real problem is the representation of said women in the game. Developers brag about how realistic their games and characters look and are, but women have giant tits with skin tight suits (boob sock armor I call it) that have little to no personalities. I'm not saying there is absolutely no fair representation for women in games; I'm saying there needs to be more. (said from a guy feminist, go figure...)
Troll post is troll
Am I the only one who finds that playing a female character yourself that looks sexy is just distracting and takes away a lot of immersion into the game?
The male characters are what male gamers wish they could be, the female characters are what male gamers wish they could have.
I've heard more about feminists on 4Chan than anywhere else. I've never actually met a feminist or hear much about them on news and other websites.
What game has a fat ugly bulldyke as the central character? (Aside from games where you create your own character of course.)
[deleted]
Nope. In the pic Tanya is blonde and acted by Jenny McCarthy , she's only blonde in Red Alert 3. Red Alert one and two had a brunette Tanya acted by Lynne Littler and Kari Whrer. 
uhhhh yeah of course
:sigh: I'll just copy you an old comment from a social site whose name I do not care to remember..EDIT:checking spelling.
Honestly, feminists don't even deserve a place in your thoughts. They should be forgotten about and ignored completely because they may be wasting their own lives, but nobody else deserves to have that sloppy shit piled into their own..And yet devs cry and pander and spoonfed these cunts, making them think that what they are doing is warranted and acceptable. It's like a spoiled child; giving the little shit what he wants doesn't teach him anything. Feminists are just children; ignore their bitching and don't give them any ground for their irrationality and they'll grow out of it in no time.
I would think feminists would be butt fucking in love with Samus 
The only thing that can please a feminist is fucking her girlfriend while thinking about how much she hates men and penises.
Well, yeah, until .. That game sucked because it made a previously stoic bounty hunter into a baby-crazy menopausal dumbass.


Skyrim has no sexism in the game. And the women definitely aren't sex objects.
I disagree... I've fapped to Aela a few times
Well Aela is definitely a strong and capable woman. Maybe that's part of why she's so attractive.

Hopefully no one has forgotten Faith from Mirrors Edge and Jade from Beyond Good and Evil. 
I would play the fuck out of a bull-dyke truck mud'n game. .Large Marge's Liftkit Mudtruck Junkyard Rally
I would play any Large Marge game, even if it was just Enviro-Bear 2000 with Large Marge at the helm.
An RPG where you take your pitbull for walks and visit Home Depots.
ITT: Virgin pussies bitching about how terrible feminists are without ever having spoken with one (never mind a woman) 
I imagine most everyone here has spoken to one, as radfems are rampant on the internet and they are most of the reason everyone hates feminists. About maybe 5% of the feminists I've met have been normal, reasonable people. Radfems are the biggest kind of feminist on the internet and tumblr SJW types have become what most people associate with feminists now. People don't hate feminists because everyone is secretly misogynist; most people agree with feminism's sane goals. People hate feminists because they associate feminists with how most internet feminists act, and most internet feminists act like rabid fucking psychopaths. Feminists have a PR problem, and they need to think of better ways to solve it besides saying anyone who has been affected by it is a virgin neckbeard who has never talked to a real feminist. 
Time to assert dominance by claiming somebody is unsuccessful with opposite gender, therefor his arguments are invalid.
I'm waiting for my lunch to be ready and I have some time to kill, so why not discuss feminism on 4chan subreddit. 'Feminists' are not a homogeneous blob with one, irrational, frightening opinion on matters. Feminism is a broad category of social movements and theoretical frameworks tenuously unified by the premise that femininity or females are not awarded equal value or power in the society in question, and the goal of redressing that inequality..Positions regarding the extent, nature and significance of the inequality and approaches to resolving the issue vary wildly. Feminist theories have developed in and been applied to many different fields of study, and have progressed over time. So nothing is ever going to please all of the feminists all of the time, and using the disagreements between different feminist theories as evidence of the illogical contradictory nature of the category as a whole either comes from ignorance or willful intention to discredit through underhanded rhetoric..For the sake of analogy, imagine discussing 'a free society' and arguing that people who are 'pro-freedom' are impossible to please and probably crazy because foil hat guy thinks freedom will be achieved if we take pills and turn off the internet, and two academic theorists have a different definition of what would constitute 'freedom'.
TL;DR crazy feminists want to turn off the internet
I'm all for equal rights in video games but, we all remember that went out the window when Johnny Cage couldn't even do a nutcracker punch to Sonya Blade.
He should've been able to do the attack but have it called something else.
Cunt Punt.
ITT: people who think all feminists are monsters. 
ITT: People who have had most of their exposure to feminists on the internet, from ridiculous tumblr/SRS type groups. Those people call themselves feminists, and they are monsters. If these fabled "real feminists" I hear about in every discussion like this want to stop being associated with that image, they need to publicly take a stance against such insanity and disown all radfem groups. But this will not happen, because feminism in the first world has largely accomplished its major, sane goals and the radfem groups are what keeps it going. 
I thought /x/ was all about conspiracy theories and scary copypasta, but this comment is actually really insightful. Might have to give /x/ another shot.
Well this post is talking about internet feminists, not real feminists.  Shame there isn't a common word for tumblr feminists, though
But when borderlands 2 came out a bunch of feminists aplauded that fat butch that fixes cars, and it sold well. That last point doesn't work.
A faggot is you. 
Where's your source for this so-called "bunch" of feminists. Even . what you're saying is true, you're still talking about ONE game, so quit generalizing. Jeez, you must be unpopular with women or something...
Quit generalizing says the guy who's generalizing feminists. I really dont think i need to source something to a bunch of guys circle jerking about how all feminists are wrong based on something they were told by another guy in the same circle..I said he must be unpopular with women because he is obviously afraid of them.
This entire thread is one big generalization, but you've somehow managed to only call out the guy making a generalization that disagrees with your priors..Well done.
 where insightful conversations begin.
I read a review by this woman that called Bioshock Infinite sexist. Argued about Elizabeth being a sexualized-helper-girl while the big man Booker did all the shooting. The writer then complained about how there were more male enemies than female enemies. So you're saying you want a game where we kill more women? Neat-o. 
Booker = big strong man.Elizabeth = demi-god.obviously booker's patriarchy power pushes him to be the more powerful of the two
She's like 17. And has lived in a tower her entire life. How can she be expected to be as proficient with weaponry as a man who's spent his life as a hired gun? Doesn't make any sense. Fuckin' feminists.
It's sexist to put a girl in a tower for her entire life. You can't write a story like that. They want everything to be the exact opposite. 

No, because the opposite would mean none of them are terrible. I'm implying that you can't put them all in one category. That's like saying "all Jews love money" or "all Asians are bad drivers". They are shitty stereotypes. 
Opposite of "all feminists are monsters" is "there is at least one feminist who is not a monster" and not "none of the feminists is a monster." High school logic.
TIL that the opposite of "all" is "some," not "none."  .Sigh...
(xY: P(x).)  xY: P(x)..EDIT: translation: The opposite of "For all values x in the set Y, the proposition P(x) is true" is "There exists some value x in the set Y for which the proposition P(x) is not true".EDIT2: Therefore, the opposite of "all" is not "none", nor is it "some". It is "not all". "None" would be "xY: P(x)", and "some" would be "xY: P(x).", neither of which is equivalent to "(xY: P(x).)"
This isn't set theory.  Words like "all" and "none" have subjectively defined, well-accepted definitions in the English language, and the word "opposite" functions in a very specific way, which is to indicate the thing which is furthest in degree from another thing.  .The opposite of "up" isn't "not up," it's "down."
The opposite of "cold" isn't "not cold," it's "hot.".
The opposite of "all" isn't "not all," it's "none.".I appreciate what you're trying to do there, but it's a bit pedantic.
Leanr at least high school logic theory and how it is .. It is useful, what form do you think all those documents you sign refer to. Formal logic or colloquial use? Even for simple internet arguments you should know it.
Again, you are being needlessly pedantic.  The usage of the word "opposite" was very clear in the context of the post to which you replied.  If the person was making a formal argument, then correct them all you like.  But they were using conversational language on an internet forum, which means that dictionary definitions of words like "opposite", as opposed to the formal logical definitions, are enough to justify the use of the word.  .Also, it's not really colloquial if a word is being used in the standard, dictionary-defined way.  .But anyway, I was more harsh to you than I should have been in my original comment (with the "sigh...") because I thought you were implying that the person had the intelligence of a high-schooler, not that this was something you learned in a high school logic class.  Apologies.
Bowlero replied where he/she was was wrong correcting somebody who was right. I was not just pedantic in an unrelated conversation for the sake of being an ass.
But Anon-kun,both of those are true!
You're only looking at BLACK OR WHITE. One or the other, two very different opposites. Why do you have to have a female who is obviously there just for guys to jack off too or hideous female characters. Here are good examples of the perfect balance that games have found:.Hell even the . characters from dark souls, because the armour looks exactly the same as it does on the males. .Sexual objects:
I find it funny that in the TLOU the only person with any real character WAS Ellie. Lets be honest here, the development of every other character was either non-existent or too short.
Well I was talking about their looks and personality, but yes that's why I feel so attached to Ellie, there were just so much emotion and character development for her and Joel, you kinda connect with them, like reading a good book.
[deleted]
Her name was actually Konoko.
[deleted]
Man I remember trying to play that game with a card that .. It would literally only update every 5 seconds or so, so like 0.2FPS.
On the Dark Souls link:.I giggled.
I've got almost 500 hours in Dark Souls and I still can't tell the difference in a player's gender if they wear a full suit of armor.
I can only tell once I kill them.
She's the central character? TIL.
Still...
TIL putting a butch mechanic into a game makes it socially acceptable and non offensive for women. The key to success has been unveiled.
I'm guessing you aren't very popular with women.
Nice ad hom, faggot.
With nothing left to use as ammunition, the wild AHuman1 now resorts to plucking feces from his own rectum to toss at his adversary.
But that's exactly what your doing! For the longest time I thought that the shit on this sub was satire, but you guys are serious. Like wow..Alright though, let me give you the low down on why whatever her name was is a big step in gaming. Its because shes fat as fuck but she's happy with herself and doesn't care that others are trying to change her. Its because she has confidence despite her fatness. I can't even think of any other games that even have a fat woman (if you know any go ahead and list em). At the same time men are shown as normal sizes in pretty much all games. Also, feminists don't care if you have sexualization in games as long as it has a purpose. Duke Nukem (nothing against it) is a good example of pointless sexualization, but it would be fine if it was the only game that does that, but its not. There are so many other games that have pointless sexualization (even if it is satire, there isnt an equal amount of men being shown the same way, which by the way would make for much funnier satire). You guys have done very little research on what feminism is..Sorry for the length, I'm not as good at articulating this as others.
Edit: the->this
Yeah, she should be confident about being a fat slob!
Since when was obesity only a women's issue?
This isn't even about obesity. Nice straw man there.

Thanks for the help man. You really proved my point.
No worries. Glad to be of help.
Oh dear, he's seen us. Get the crew back to the jeep, don't make eye contact with him or he will take it as a challenge.

  .~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Repost this if ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~.~ ~ ~ ~ you are a beautiful strong fat mechanic ~ ~ ~.~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ who dont need no man ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~.  
And here comes the shit throwing.
My sides are in orbit, dude give up already

No mention of Metroid yet? Where no one even knew the main character was a girl until the end? Okay..I mean, I guess those unclothed shots at the end can get a little risque, but the main point of that entire game had nothing to do with anything related to gender.
But feminists will argue about why did the developers have to hide that Samus was a woman until the end of the game when the glorified her with that pixel bikini. Plus, feminists probably will bitch about how Samus is mostly sexualized now as she is shown in her Zero Suit as much, if not more, than her regular armor. 
TBH Other M sexualized Samus to shit..Interestingly gamers disliked other m for this reason amongst others
Never played Other M cause I heard nothing went right with that game
She is .Ugh.
Videogames are just cool okay? It's not like that there are dudes in videogames that are looked at for their attractiveness.
I agree, but there will always be pathetic people out there to find something to bitch about, especially feminists. 

Feminism isn't about suppressing sexuality. The witch makes sense in the context of her game where all of the characters are hyper sexualized. 
Could have shown ps1 Laura croft for the last pandering
I had considered it and for whatever reason opted not to. Would have been a better choice, though.
Sorry about your privilege man, I hope something can be done with reconstructive surgery.
Except they aren't all sexualized. The men are either .. The women are ., save for the ranger..To compare, here are 
That argument assumes that what makes a woman sexy and what makes a man sexy are the same thing.  I would argue that male figures that are "idealized or deified" . sexualized, and that sexualizing them as if they were female characters only makes them look like silly parody.
What makes a man sexy to women, in my experience, is a uniform or tailored suit and being well-groomed. A quick browse of . or . will support this well enough. More important, perhaps, is the personality. It's why Dante was so fucking popular with the ladies. Women just don't ogle the same way men do. Those are male characters meant to appeal to men in the same way WH40K Space Marines are. Men could masturbate to that witch, but I don't expect many vaginas will see much attention from anyone other than maybe that sorcerer, who is the closest thing to a female definition of sexy in this game..Unless you're honestly suggesting that women exist who would look at the knight or dwarf and consider them sexy..EDIT:.Note that I don't even care about all of this. I like half naked women in my games. I just wish people could accept that games erred towards the sexist. It's not something to be ashamed of! Men make games for men.
I can already see the fujoshi fanbase forming for the wizard guy.First, that's in real life.second, ladyboners is a sfw sub
I was only expressing that women don't generally find hulking muscular masses attractive. Some do, but it's not a majority, and it's damn sure not why the knight and dwarf look the way they do.
Laura Croft? Really? 
twitch
The new Tomb Raider is much more empowering than how the games used to be. She is definitely a strong female character.
No she is not, she is a fucking psychopath.
She's always been a strong female character, she was just sexy too.
I spent more time thinking about getting her naked with codes than I did thinking "Wow, what a strong character. I wish . was that tough!"
They're not really the same character. The new one is a complete reimagining of the character and the character's origins. It also happens to be a significantly less sexist portrayal of a female.
How was the original Lara Croft sexist?
It wasn't. Muh feminism
I suppose objectified is a better adjective.
That witch's boobs are fucking GIGANTIC.
That's cause she cast the . spell
They have their own goddamn ORBITAL GRAVITATIONAL FIELD.
No, that looks like a different game by a different studio 17 years ago. What the fuck are you talking about?
In the case of Lollipop Chainsaw, the game is very obtuse satire. The character is actually very capable, but she has a strong moral code and doesn't use sex appeal to win. She actually wins by cunning wit and brute force. Yes she is scantily clad, but it can be written off as part of the satire and any male who plays as her could grow to respect her charm and not solely her look. 
No time for analysis or facts. I judge all my video games by the box art, and have determined Lollipop Chainsaw was made solely to oppress women.
also all the men in that tittywitch game look equally ridiculous, it's a consistent artstyle and fuck all those fascists who try to rob the world of artistic diversity with their bullshit
Can't a woman be cunning, brutal, . express her body through her own sense of fashion?
sex positivity? not in my radfeminology
Let me preface this with a disclaimer: I like videogames as they are now because I like looking at things with tits on them and I don't care if they ever change. Moving on,.It's a matter of context, I guess. A writer at Bioware did a presentation about sexism in games not too long ago and included a bit about how fucking impossible it was for him to write a character from the perspective of women without directly consulting the fanbase and other women on the dev team (It's a pretty good watch if you've got the 50 minutes to do so). I don't think Suda has any idea what he's doing in that regard. His women are hilarious caricatures of male femme fatale fantasies, and while I'm sure that's the point, surely you can process why that's not an empowering figure for women? She's not a John McClane-esque super-badass. That would be Ripley. ."Can she not be sexy and badass?" You might ask yourself. Sure, and I would argue that the new Lara Croft is.."No," you say, frothing with rage, "I mean why can't she use her unique womanly sexuality to be badass? Why are . implying that sexy women . badasses?" Because it undercuts the intended message. If new Lara was a sexpot in a bikini sensually writhing across the ropes, this would not in any capacity be a message of sexual empowerment in a woman, unless you disagree. Were our society not one to demonize women for having sex, or for having sex with . (skeleton key/shitty lock you say, which isn't the point fuck off) then sure. As it stands, you're fucking deluding yourself if you think that sexual desirability in women is something that garners respect from men. I objectify the . out of those women. Maybe you don't. If that's the case, then you're a greater man than I.."But in Lollipop Chainsaw, Juliet-" Okay whatever, she can be an exception because she was "intended to be that way." Note, however, that this is an acknowledgement of a trope; that she is a sexy woman who . use her sexuality and that this is a unique thing..Moreover, we're talking about women designed for men to find sexy here. Doubtless we'll have some of those women around here who espouse that "I'm a girl and I like playing as sexy girls" viewpoint that everybody seems to love for validating their own views, but come on. I know we all hate radical feminists because fuck them, they're being shitty and unreasonable, but there are women who legitimately just want to play games with characters they can identify and relate with. Blacks have it even worse in this regard. I'm not suggesting that every game suddenly begin using overweight librarians for all female roles, but maybe we could find some roles to fill that aren't largely just getting kidnapped or dying to get the plot rolling? That one is a bigger issue than the super-sexualization of women in games these days.
No. Choose . attribute. 
Oh! That kryptonite ass kicker villain chick from Man of Steel!   She was a veritable badass in all categories!
Faora was her name. I remember because I wanted to fill her with offspring.
You weren't supposed to remember that one. Now we'll have to kill you. 
It's because she wasn't sexualized. She was just pretty. Do you not know the difference?
People will go out of their way to be offended by anything they dislike.
People will go out of their way to be offended, period.
I can't believe you just said that, jerk.
Please don't use the word "jerk". It's offensive. 
That's our word and fuck you for drawing attention to it.
STEVE HOLT
\o/
Well, they are feminists, what do you expect?
The strongest feminist I know isn't anywhere near as crazy as 4chan depicts. Has anyone here actually met a feminist?
Luckily nobody in the sane world pays any attention to what these absolute fucktards think. 
Exactly. I don't think anyone ever thought that the feminists of this day are reasonable. Because they are far from it.
misandry!=feminism
That's a huge generalisation though. As with most things, there's different view points throughout feminism, its just the crazy ones shout loudest so we only hear them.
not really, go into the wilds where the quiet ones lurk and you'll ind some of their views are equally disturbing
It's also the crazy ones that actually change things. Which makes those actually matter. 
This. If sane people yelled louder than crazy people then we wouldn't have this mess. But of course, they are sane so...
Shouldn't Portal be a good one for the feminists? A woman is the main character (and a female robot is the main antagonist). They're both smart, and you don't really even see what Chell looks like much, so it's not like there's a focus on her appearance.
So whenever we have women in video games we can't see them. Gotcha.
You can use portals as a makeshift mirror. Thats how we know its a girl.
Yeah I'm aware of that. The thing is Portal is a bad example to use to argue against overly sexualized women in gaming because compared to many other genres the characters tits and ass won't be in your face 99% of the time. When people are talking about this topic it's usually Street Fighter, RPGs, third person action games etc etc. There's a reason why they aren't pissed about First Person Shooters.
Chell wears an orange jump suit.  Even if Portal were a fighting game or something, her "tits and ass" would hardly be in your face...
Haha, wow. Did you just call GLaDOS a fembot? She's not a Fembot, you idiot, she's a Femputer. Fucking get it right.
Typically Portal is quoted as a good example by feminists.  Valve in general typically gets it right. 
Portal is notable among FPSs for being a game where you . frequently see your own character during gameplay...
glados is mean and rude, supporting bullying to women by robots built by men
Yes, I believe it's good. It doesn't inhibt the game in any way based on the character or any other characters gender. All games should be this way in a sense it doesn't break immersion or break the game.
Hopefully it'll inspire them to be mute
You could probably consider me a feminist because I'm a girl, and I fucking love Portal. .The only female video game characters that kind of annoy me are the ones with their tits hanging out all over the place, because holy shit you try running and jumping around that much without proper support. I understand that sex sells, I just think booty shorts are a more logical choice than bikini tops.
I would think that the earlier Metroid games would as well.
Nope! She might as well be a man..Or something, I forget how the argument goes.
Yeah. Thanks a lot, developers of ..
I would think so. The point here would be that the characters are female, and it's not a big deal. They're not sexualized, nor do they play the role of token female. A female character is treated as a normal person (given the circumstances).
The amount they go on about cake obviously referring to how women must cook.
Or Mirror's Edge
I actually saw a comment on . that said "Chell has to much sex appeal". So no, this post stilll appears to be right.

I bet they said the same thing for Metroid Prime. Mmm...dat androgynous battle armor. 
I love how they literally have to bend space-time in order to find something to be annoyed about.
First world demagogues
And GLaDOS too. Technically she's a robot, but you could consider her as a female. The only males in Portal were the cores in the boss fight.
That you throw into a hole without asking the holes permission. Clearly a rape metaphor
She's Caroline!
The curiosity core and the cake recipe core were also voiced by McLain, only the anger core has a male voice actor, Mike Patton.
How the fuck did I not realise this
Mike... Mike Patton? As in the singer of .?!.Fuck.
he was also the voice of "the darkness" in "the darkness 2: something about being really dark"
I can't believe I couldn't hear it! Or see it, or feel it today. I guess if I can't then it doesn't matter anyway.
He also did all the zombie sounds in I Am Legend.
He's actually had a few voice acting jobs, I believe he was Spencer in Marvel vs. Capcom 3.
He also did most of zombie noises in Left 4 Dead.
Well shit, sounds like Portal really dismantled that Patriarchy.
You think a woman with no dialogue or character development can please womyns? Check your privilege again CIS SCUM
I've gotta say that's the one thing that confuses me the most about that type of feminist. How can you hate me for my sexuality just because it isn't the same as yours? That doesn't make any fucking sense.
Because people of your sexuality, yourself included, are oppressing them. .Obviously.
It is vengeance for hatred of homosexuals.
Feminism isn't about gender equality or sexual equality. Its about being more equal than others.
Retarded feminists claimed Portal was sexist because Chelle is mute through the game and Glados becomes more erratic when pressured.
Because having a character not being good under pressure is totally outlandish, must be hormones
Ahaha what
Sorry the said that under pressure and you know how women get under pressure
They must be doing mental yoga because normal logic sure doesn't stretch that far.
People will do almost anything to salvage their deeply-held beliefs when threatened.
-every religion ever
So brave. 
It's not going to stop until people's personal religious beliefs stop effecting others, especially when it comes to politics.
Affecting*
Also effecting, when their beliefs are against birth control and abortion.
"It doesnt show the true beauty of womyn"
What do SJWs say Womyn instead of women?
feminists hate men so they cant be called woMEN. 
yOU SHOULD KNOW THIS BRO.
Probably so it doesn't have the word men in it. It's like saying the United Kyngdom because you don't like the monarchy.
AFAIK it's because:.Disclaimer: I don't know jack about this
The irony is that "Y" is the manliest letter there is, because the male chromosome is a Y.  "Man" in old English means "Human", not "Male"
Not enough leg and arm hair
Travelling through oval shaped apertures? Clearly appropriating the experience of birth. Check your privilege.
do women not experience birth? are they grown/harvested?
OH MY GOD ARE YOU SERIOUS.
Yes
The whole concept of cultural/sexual/racial appropriation is absolutely retarded..
You cannot appropriate culture/sex/race away from anyone because it doesn't belong to anyone..
Being or acting a certain way doesn't make you the sole owner of the adjectives that define you.
STOP PROMOTING THE RAPE CULTURE, CIS-SCUM..CHECK YOUR PRIVILEGE
It's great. We don't want racism, but people are only allowed to act like their race is supposed to.
Honestly. People give me shit for liking soul and being white. Really? I can't just like the Temptations? That's not okay with you? Then fuck you. I'm gonna listen to whatever the fuck I want. Especially Bill Withers. Cause Bill Withers is the best. Also B.B. King. And Ray Charles. Also Otis Redding. And... ah fuck it I like it all.
They don't make black people like that anymore
Youre joking right? Even the most ignant black people i know (lile ones that go to flocka and gucci concerts) know the lyrics of EWF, Marvin Gaye, James Brown, Isley brothers etc by heart, even tho ive never heard them play it themselves
I didn't say that swag niggas don't like the rhythm and blues niggas. I said that they don't make black people (like B.B King, Temptations...) like that anymore. ."Like" as in drawing a comparison, not as in showing favour. 
Ugh. The whole "im white and i listen to good black music!!" thing is as fucking annoying as the "im 14 and i listen to good old music!!" thing. Nigga every motherfucker on the planet loves the temptations, ray charles, bill withers, isley brothers, ewf, otis, james brown, mayfield Etc etc etc. even if they dont know it yet
I'm just making an observation that I catch shit for it. I'm not saying it makes me special or something like that, because it doesn't. 
I thought Wild Cherry changed everything.
Nigger.
FTFY
Okay. 
Sorry, the conversation was getting too intellectual for ...
And we just can't have any of that, faggot.
I understand. We wouldn't want none of those damn liberals comin' in here with their highfalutin' ideas.
clearly a rape metaphor
You mean a surprise sex metaphor
 
Clearly. 
da faq?
The bullshit that gets created in the name of "art." Seriously? And his "education" was probably publicly-funded. I don't think Manson was as twisted up in his head as this fucktard.  
Somebody just played Last Of Us.
I just watched into the wild and now I'm a free spirit 
I endorse this advice.  Having dated someone that was homeless for a while I can confirm these are the skills most utilized.  I think she leveled her stealing and cocksucking up to 100.
I bet OP already has those down pretty well
Op is faggot.
...trying to fit in?
Up vote for use of the words rumpus humpus 
Oh I thought it was getting upboated so much because of that brand new, original Tom Hanks image
this is the worst  subreddit on this website. holy shit.
Same fag
gold. pure gold.
It sounds like some sort of wizard spell.
What this is fucking bullshit doing on the frontpage
This is gonna be the next /mlp/, I just know it.
What the fuck is a "cami"?
It's a spaghetti strap shirt. It's usually worn as an undershirt.

sill funny tho
I drooled a little bit while I was laughing too hard...
i was in that thread, i saw you post the screencap you took
If you think this is funny then you should be put down.
Summer.
I dont really go on 4chan too often, but what is 'bumping' what does it mean?
i will now use this word at any chance i get
that's the joke?
I don't even get it. It just sounds funny?
Yet you're still here... posting.... 
I don't know what a cami is but I know that's Candice Swanepoel (sp?)
What kind of faggot knows that? And I mean faggot in the actual term here
Probably the kind of faggot who's dated a girl that wears that kind of shirt. 
I'm a girl.
I wasn't directing it at you, I was directing it at OP because his story projects him as being a guy. I was already assuming you were a girl since you linked to probably the most conservative Victoria's Secret picture I've ever seen. Thanks for telling me what it was though!.But with that username I have no idea what to believe. Nevermind, did some digging and found out the true answer
Oh! Yeah, I don't know many guys who would know what a cami is.
Literally everyone and their dog has dated a girl who has worn that type of shirt..Just because you date a girl who wears it, doesn't mean you know to call it a .. Pretty fucking gay word there - .. Who even talks to their gf about fashion to begin with? 
Man, you never had a girl wanna go shopping with you, or try and talk about shopping with you or some shit? It's not that obscure of a fashion thing, it's a girl shirt. Id be surprised if someone didn't know what it was called honestly. 
I, too, remember being 17.  Those were the years.
OP is still retarded
If i didnt read the funny part five times before it became relevant, i may have upvoted you asshole.

Shit post OP.
_
1 hour, fuck off 
Fuck you, I giggled. Shamefully, but I giggled.

That Tom Hanks face is a perfect representation of a guy participating in the rummpus hummpus.  Makes me wonder what Tom's "O" face really is...

beautiful. 
Rummpus hummpus is the new "the ass was fat"
no it mean sex. bro do you even lurk
What the fuck is sex?
ummm ... its when ummmm....you.. touch a girl's butt
Using someone else to masturbate.
Nigga it's the new everything
this sentence makes me so happy
I bet he made that story just to use the word rummpus hummpus.
Wouldn't you? Wouldn't...you?
Would you rummpus hummpus me? I'd rummpus hummpus me so hard.
I'd rummpus hummpus you just to be able to use rummpus hummpus. 
Fuck you.
See, OP put the joke in the title but in a way such that I didn't know it was the joke until I read the story. 
Yea, made it less funny
The humor is not in the story, but in the subsequent replies. OP's title is fine.

The tweaker's right though, veggies do get double cheese.
But veggie subs do get twice the cheese, cause there's no meat. 
Nail down the cookies...
Where's the end of the thread? I'm really confused. 
Fuck man.. so much crap being posted that even circlejerking about the crap is becoming annoying. 
Fuck.
I'm not even gonna comment on the "Thread" anymore. It's just too much cancer.
Breaking Bad: now with 80% more cancer
I'm not even going to comment on this it's just to much cancer 
*too because fuck you.
Holy shit, do you honestly think this is funny OP? Are you kidding me? This is the most pathetic post i've seen in a long long time. Are you so desperate for karma? It looks like you are 17, fuck off to somewhere else. 
This is honestly, and I am not exaggerating at all, the worst post I have ever seen in this subreddit. You should jump into a furnace.
And this comment is posted on almost every post ever made in this subreddit.
That's cool, but no it isn't. I have never posted that comment before. This is actually the least funny or interesting thing I have seen here.
lel I hat dis post lemme tail op..Downvote and move on.
What's a segs?
I think it's a Sega, misspelled.
Then post something interesting.
That's a horrible excuse for being a shitposter. It's akin to "you can't criticize this book's author because you're not a writer."
Okay
lel so edgy
Oh, hey. Look at this totally unique post everybody. 
Reminds me of that "nigga you in eighth grade" picture.
Needs more wisdom/thinking.
Why do I even click this shit.
lold cause my submission is in there
no marine copypasta? I am disapoint /b/
3edgy5me
When I'm with your mother I fuck the shit out of her
Who doesn't get the urge to floor it at a stop light? 
I'm pretty sure there is someone who did this to me. 
What, rape?
First post actually sounds kind of fun/exhilirating, if you're really that fucking bored (urban exploring in abandoned buildings with a camera would probably be slightly less dangerous and more profitable, though)..Second post I'm pretty sure everyone gets.....Right?
It was the first post. And he said while people are in their houses
Second post I can relate to
I think most everyone can. Call of the void and intrusive thoughts and all that jazz.
Anyone have original picture?
Repost?
You are lame for posting this and obviously don't go to 4chan ever. 
Oooooohhhhhhh burn
The fat kid looks more like the boy from two & a half men than Bobby from KOTH to me.
ur mom is lame for having my dik in her mouth last nite
Burn bitch

there is no need to be upset. 
Wow! That comment has 14 year old summerfag written all over it. The ol' use what he just said and talk about having sex with their mom type joke.  
Ishiggidy diggidy.
I'm sorry but I don't speak faggot.
Rummpity hummpity.
ur mom doesnt speak anything with my cok down her throat m80
Well, that's it everybody. I submit. This guy is too clever. I thought I could match wits with him but unfortunately he is too smart for me. 
ur mom submitted to my dik in her mouth last nite
This guy is way to clever. Obviously a God Tier Troll. Someone get this man a Nobel Prize
ur mom was a god tier coksukker last nite m8
i sell cocaine and cocaine accessories i tell you what
Hwat*




oh /b/, you cad.
I love happy endings
I always like seeing when the anons help out OP
"Dayuum" when op said that was the exact moment i would have lost you laugh you lose
That's a long way of saying lol.

Thank you for posting this in a way it could actually be read. Half the shit on here is never expanded.
That feel when texting your grandma
I'm happy for him.
Grandmas got a nice ass.
This anon just became alpha or at least beta+.
DON'T CALL IT A COMEBACK
I'VE BEEN HERE FOR YEARS
JUST UNEMPLOYED
Fuck you.
I'm gonna knock you out
[deleted]
You pretty much gotta go full retard to mess that up.
Best part of the whole post.
My specialty is roofing
Relax, he still has plenty of time to drop his spaghetti when he sees her in person.
Knees were already weak.
Don't worry, ..  
...My god... The rare beta turned alpha turned into a gamma instead.




Yeah, but you gotta admit that was a bold move.
Gotta risk it for the biscuit

That is just downright impressive, one way or another
My fucking sides..
nah, he can't be that retarded
dm; hs
No, he didn't.
Didn't make,  hardly succeeded
Holy shit. I'm at a loss for words.
I sorry, but when a 9/10 comes over and things get heated and you're getting a FUCKING BLOW JOB, you don't fall asleep on that shit. OP done fucked up. It pisses me off thinking about it!
What if yow in a nice fwuffy bed and yow wiwwy wiwwy ty-ud? Den can you faw asweep wif yo dick in her mouf?
No.
Aww, diddums.
how the fuck do you fuck this up. like seriously?
Fucking yes.
My cervix just cried a little reading that.
The bladder...what the fuck, don't these people know anything, or this is a joke?


What the fuck is a Swans?

OMG people my mom's age enjoy music made by people my mom's age




[deleted]
As someone who likes swans
2DEEP4U U PLEB PIECE OF SHIT?

Suprise! Its a MOVIE about the book. It can be any length it wants
Fucking idiot the BOOK is never ending, not the movie
What app is this?
A potato
I'm 28, I own The Never Ending Story I&II, The Dark Crystal, and Labyrinth on DVD. I still very much enjoy watching them to this day. If your childhood didn't include these movies you had a shitty childhood. 
Sure is summer in here
False, it's Eternal September.
Only summerfags complain aboout the summer.
That phrase is so fucking cancerous just shut the fuck up little boi
it's called /b/tard and it's been banned on google play and the app store
So how do you get it?
Why was it banned?
You just had to be lucky enough to download it while it was still in the store....Here's the official site for it .Maybe you could get it via installous if you're jailbroken?
Installous was taken down, now there's just a bunch of random ipa downloaders.
Installous was taken down, now there's just a bunch of random ipa downloaders.
Get it from 25pp
Apple have a blanket ban on 4chan apps, don't know why, it just happened out of the blue one day..You can find worse content on tumblr or reddit so who knows..Several apps were wiped out, shame. Lucky I still have one I purchased way back. Chan Elite, at the time it was the best way to browse chan boards but these days it's lacking a few features, and will never be upated to fit iPhone 5 screen, or any other cool future things.
Can you still brows there via Safari?  Because I smell a hypocrite in Apple.
Using FullForce for iPhone, Chan Elite fits perfectly on the iPhone 5 screen.
Yeah you can browse in Safari, and since the app store removals 4chan have improved the site a ton on mobile. It helps that iOS 6 Safari now lets you do image uploads, it never used to before.
To be fair, the movie DOES end at the halfway point of the book.
nothing of value was lost. god that last half was awful.
wait, WHAAAT?! The entire premise of the book is that it's a neverending story in a book about a neverending story in a book about a neverending story. How the fuck did they cut out shit?
I don't remember. It's been thirty years since I've read it.
Making it three hours 
Which is a hell of a lot closer to eternity than one and half hours.
Touch
If you didn't play Pokemon in your childhood while getting blown by hookers while driving in a Ferrari with Al Pacino sitting next to you, you had a shitty childhood 
That escalated quickly 
Are you stalking me?
What a fresh and topical joke.  Amazing how the movie came out in 1984 and no one has thought to make this joke yet until now.
Yeah, the movie only pre-dates this joke by about 5 seconds.
no one?
[deleted]
Well if it checks out it checks out.
Lionel Hutz from the Simpsons already did this, years and years, ago faggot.
SIMPSONS DID IT! SIMPSONS DID IT!

Wasn't there a south park episode about this?. 
simpsons already did it
years and years, ago
Just confront him and call him out and make him look like a dumbass, showing people his dick, who does that? "YU WANA C MAH DICK HOE?" I bet thats what he said
He was a wetback, so it was probably more like, "Quieres ver mi pene, puta?".And then all of his dirty-baseball-hat-wearing cousins will laugh in the background.
Oh no, some stranger showed your 'gf' his penis... Definitely end of the world and the relationship
Lol! 
She clearly sucked his chubby, OP is in denial. 
[deleted]
That sentence.
I really don't wanna be 'that guy', but what did they say?
I don't remember because his sentence was horribly structured. It was like "If you if you don't will not-".
Thanks man, he was clearly a faggot.
4chan people are so easy to troll now days. It's like they don't have the inteligence to see something so obvious. 
............ I eat straight butter............Im also on keto and its the only way to meet my daily fat requirement.....
obvious troll
Its not even butter, its hydrogenated oil! 
ITT: Redditors make fun of 4channers for falling for fake threads, not realizing that that is exactly what they do
deep fried butter. 
fake butter, fake battlestation
CONFIRMED: Paula Deen is a 4channer
No sane person would eat pure butter. Also desk looks way too clean.
Now thats how you troll!
Sometimes I will dip chips in ICBINB, but never strait with a spoon. Gross
so many buttered jimmies in here
Butter just lubricates your arteries. 
Trap porn without a dildo up the poop shoot just isn't the same...
I find it more believable that he's just using it for 'batin lube.
The butter is probably fake, so not worthy of much attention. But that keyboard might be his real keyboard. God those things are awful. Bad even for cheap membrane boards. I feel sorry for him subjecting himself to that.
Area is too clean for it to be real. If he really didn't give a fuck then his fapkins and other shit would be cluttering his desk.
[deleted]
OP is Paula Deen.
My wife use to eat butter.
Obvious troll
Konami code anyone?
        B A
I love butter, I can have a small spoon of it but I can't just sit there munching on a fucking butter container like really?? come on anon!
As a type I diabetic who had no say in the matter people like this deserve to die
I can't believe it's not Battlestation.
This has been 

Honestly, I know a chick who used to each crisco by the stick, I tried to call her bullshit but she did it right in front of me, I was dumbfounded.
What the fuck. Even a little spoon is gross, atleast put it on some bread.
Freeze it and dip it in sugar
and then lard.
Hmmm.and powdered sugar.
Fuck yeah. That shit needs some ranch dressing.
I'm sorry, the correct answer was 'salt'.
I considered salt. I would also accept Bac-o-bits.
[deleted]
and some of those fried onion things you put on top of casseroles!
The butter IS fake, it's even called "I can't believe it's . butter!".I think the keyboard looked sweet. Would  you happen to know what it's called? I'm looking for a flat keyboard with a mechanical feel to it.
I can promise that doesn't feel mechanical. It's basically a keyboard with the top and keys taken off, you type directly on the membrane. Squishy and wobbly..Don't know a brand, but they come rolled up in tubes.
Alright. Would you happen to know about a flat keyboard with the nice tactile feedback of a mechanical keyboard?
Only one I know of are boards with the cherry ml switch, most of which have odd layouts..A somewhat more normal one-
.Never liked flat boards myself so I don't know of any more off the top of my head.
Thank you kindly!
On a related note, I've always wanted to empty a mayonnaise jar, fill it with vanilla pudding and eat it on a park bench.
When my cousin was little, he would eat whole sticks of butter.  My uncle had to hide it so he wouldn't sit there and eat the whole box.  
My ex's mom once pulled a stick of butter out of the fridge and ate it. She claimed to do it all the time as a child. 
Obvious troll
 
Even though this was clearly fake and set up, the idea of him eating a full spoon of butter made me gag.
Maybe he's Keto as fuck? Low on his fat that day, was catching up.
I have a whole thing of peanut butter I ate while stoned over like two days. That's my fattlestation situation right now.
Peanut butter is a totally different story. That shit is actually tasty.
Not the first time I've heard of people eating straight butter since I started reading . Need to feed DAT DIABEETUS
If I read the rest of that I will vomit. 
Way back in college, this "girl" got the fitting nickname of "Butter Girl" because she proved she could take a stick of margarine. .And by take I mean eat and definitely not in a sexy way. Makes me want to puke just thinking about it.
For those curious for the . version, 
Well done.  I am sure that can not be healthy but hey butter flavored grool,  probably goes well with popcorn
OP definitely has a point. 
Glorious. Never change /g/... never change.
He's fine. It is 'I can't believe it's not butter'  - perfectly healthy.
I've always had this image in my head of a man in a wifebeater, lazing about in a recliner, peeling a stick of butter like a banana, and not even trying to defend himself when someone asks if he's eating a stick of butter..A man who has truly given up on life.
Butter>fake butter
Fried butter.
Obvious troll is obvious. Fucking /g/eniuses. No common sense.
Thank you for this. I teared up laughing.
Butter and margarine are used as energy treats on cold weather expeditions..Just saying.
I've seen 2 people eat entire sticks of butter before. One was for a lightup and the other was for 40$. 
k
It's keto
I add a big dollop of butter to my protein shakes for after working out and I'm still losing weight. Keto is the shit. Butter won't make you fat. Not inherently, anyway.
Keto isn't the shit its poor for your heart and poor for strength
Understanding that 'anecdote' isn't the singular form of 'data', I have been able to do my first metric century on a bicycle thanks to keto. My cholesterol is also lower than when I started. Also . may also say otherwise about the strength.
It surely isn't for everybody, but people who are doing it or have done it for a while and did blood tests will all tell you that your cholesterol drops . fast. .Why? Keto does the same as taking niacin (vitamin b3) to reduce LDL and increase HDL, because beta-hydroxybutyrate (a ketone), is a ligand for niacin receptor HM74A (see . article), which inhibits diacyglycerol acyltransferase 2 in the liver. On top of that, your insulin is too low to cause significant HMG-CoA reductase activity, so your body synthesizes less cholesterol itself (because it is the rate-limiting enzyme in the mevalonate pathway).Basically, you take shitloads of cholesterol, but your body doesn't transfer the bad shit into the blood (the overflow of VLDL from the liver). You just poop it all out as bile salts (causing floaty poop sadly)..Biggest drawbacks on pure keto are the fucking hard sugar withdrawal. I generally advise people to not go full-keto because it is pretty hard to maintain. But if you just cut sugar away completely, eat high quality meat, bake stuff in real butter, and change the ratio meat/veggies to pasta/potatoes/rice from >70% to <25% it will . help for your health.
Clearly he's on keto and just trying to hit his fat macros.
[deleted]
Totally not true, and margarine is totally worse for you, that shit is aweful.  Quick Google search:.Butter:
Total fat 12 g  18%
Saturated fat 7 g   35%
Polyunsaturated fat 0.4 g.
Monounsaturated fat 3 g 
Trans fat 0.5 g.Margarine: 
Total fat 11 g  16%
Saturated fat 2.2 g 11%
Polyunsaturated fat 3.5 g.
Monounsaturated fat 6 g 
Trans fat 2.1 g.Butter is a littler higher in fat and a bit more in saturated fat.  Margarine has way more Unsaturated fats and Trans fat..TLDR: Butter may not be good for you, but margarine is terrible.

That is true, but you can also find margarine that is made using healthy oils like olive oil or canola oil. These have less mono- and poly- fats. 
As a regular on /g/ I can confirm they are all that fat.
Including yourself?
Nah. I'm 6'1" and like a buck eighty. 
So 99% of them are fat?
100 people on /g/? WEEOW
straight fucking butter? jesus
Trolls trolling trolls.
...trolling trolls
...trolling trolls
Yo dawq..lol. everybody in this thread.
I think that's Paula deens
Na, she would only use real butter. Not that fake shit.
Y'all niggas want butter?
Can't you read? .it's oil with butter flavoring.
next you'll tell me he had embarrassing tabs open and had just googled how to take a screenshot!
Yeah.. he fat.
Do you even fat bro

Please tell me there's a deck of these.
There's a deck of these.
Thanks! I really needed to hear that..Now say 

I came
Samezies. 





And by lulz I mean karma
Yeah, that's implied. Long story short, this was done for karma.
you wouldn't care about karma unless you were a massive faggot
So apparently OP is a fag? Is that our consensus?
And by karma I mean being a massive faggot.
And by being a massive faggot you mean you mean OP
[deleted]
...ow
Thin privilege is being able to eat condiments straight without being ridiculed. 
mmmm. dis ketchup. .you jelly i know. now i'ma eat sum jelly
...ugh.
summerfags getting trolled
OC becoming nonexistent
Thank god you came along and informed everyone. Holy shit, where would we be without people like you?
Back in my day it was called Eternal September. 
omg everyone is trolling everyone al th tim..It was a joke. There is a distinct difference.
Fucking faggot making fun of summer fags while browsing 4chan from reddit? What a big boy you are.

summerfag inbound
This is getting WAY too meta for my liking.
No such thing as summerfags. It's not like the Internet is blocked if school's in session. Dumbasses are on Reddit all year. Same with every other site. 
/fit/ wants a word with you. 
I'm surprised they have the time with all the cock they are busy sucking.
It can give proteins brah
I never said it was a bad thing.
dat brotein
I don't think /g/ gets any extra attention during summer.Unless summer is what we label anyone who's being rused.
/g/ is shit anyways. summer or not.
That's like complaining that . has too many threads asking shit. What the fuck did you expect going there.
I was expecting proper technology discussion on the Technology board. Not faggots trying to 1-up each other with their shitty riced up desktops.
/g/ only gets the summer "guise get me a gaymin laptop for $10 pls" posts.
smells like summer.  i guess thats how summerfags become oldfags.  or they die.
smells like butter. 
I can't believe it doesn't smell like butter.
You either die a newfag, or you live long enough to see yourself become that guy that jizzed in and on his N64
whats a N64..also how do i triforce in gentoo
yes.
Delete System 32
You install gnusense, grow a beard, and fuck a parrot 
Will a budgerigar do?
No one eats food from behind their keyboard..Easy fake. 
uhh columbo.. good one.
I eat chips and set it behind my keyboard when im typing and shit so its possible
If I have a bag of candy, I'll put it behind my keyboard, between my monitors. Best place to have it without being in the way.
That looks like one of them flexible and waterproof keyboards. If OP doesn't mind sticky fingers, then here shouldn't be a problem getting food or butter on it.
i do because i have long, dangly arms
I do all the time.
Fake? It's a joke. I swear, the shit some people take seriously around here. That includes the people that responded in the image.
I bet this comment is a fake too
I can't believe it's not a comment
That's where I keep my snacks when I am not eating it..I use my keyboard a lot so food goes back there..But I agree, he was just bateing hard
[deleted]
Why?
[deleted]
learn to ssh, dummy.
Can't risk buttery keyboard.
Nobody who eats butter out of the container has a neat, uncluttered desk, no soft drinks, and no side-snacks.  Also, face it, if he was really eating butter at the computer, he wouldn't have brought the lid.  He would have finished that sucker.
Butter eater 
Thats how I picture every "femanon"
This post convinced me.  I've known one woman who ate butter straight from the stick.  She was huge, and her house was a total fucking mess.
Well looking at the room, definitely girl. Maybe she got her act together organized her house and now eats faux butter to slim down
I had a friend who would eat sticks of butter.  He was from  Wisconsin and amazingly, not overweight even a little bit.
Bizarre.  Somebody get to work on cloning that man.  ..also teach them not to eat butter, cuz that's gross.
Yeah but his arteries were probably still clogged. My dad had a skinny friend that ate really unhealthy all the time. He had a heart attack in his 30's. 
You ever eaten fried butter?.I have..It was actually really delicious, and I hate myself for loving it.
Gotta love the State Fair foods
one of my favorite state-fair foods. second place to deep-fried snickers bar, though.
You should.
i have. san diego del mar fair, i had 2, one cinnamon and one garlic.  I told the group i was with that i hated it... but.... it wasnt that bad.
You can never tell them.
When I first started in the grocery business we use to try to fry everything, even mayonnaise.  
i really hope whatever you guys were doing got shut down
We weren't selling it. And we were 16
Oh... Oh dear...
Fried oreos.
Fried Oreos.
another great choice
How does onr fry butter, it melts
carefully.
Same way you fry ice cream, and by that I mean I have absolutely no idea.
Same way you fry ice cream. 
Wait. You can seriously fry ice cream?
Yeah they have it at most Mexican restaurants it's usually covered in some kind on corn flakes and deep fried for like a minute then placed in a cinnamon coated tortilla bowl. Is fucking fantastic.
You freeze it then bread it then frezze it again. It's kind of like making fried ice cream.
I haven't, and I hope you understand when I firmly state that I never will.
Hey lets dip this fat into this boiling fat and eat it. 
That's the south for you.
That describes most affordable southern cuisine. .Source: southerner, not ashamed
You know just a little too much about this.
When I eat butter, I sob.
It's technically not butter. It's a vegetable spread, so you're good. 
Link to the original picture?
What he said.
That one faggot who said pig ruined it.
There was a huge thread of rhyming replies, but I couldn't upload cuz mobile 
NSFW that shit
faggot.
What's wrong with my shit, wolffags? CHECK YOUR CRANE DORNER SHREK YOURSELF WEST PHILIDELPHIA 'MURICA DOLAN..my sides
You're on fucking r/4chan, what do you expect?
nigga . is not a NSFW subreddit.
People to mark shit as nsfw
Hover over the report bar for your answer.
ok so i have to ask the stupid question. . whats the website unblocker
[deleted]
2summer4me
seriously?
Bad Troll, Bad!.I expect your ruses to be better next time!.0/10 Jimmies Unrustled
Pic is related 
Yeah idiot, that's why he posted it with the story.
Unblockrsitez.com
Thing that didn't happen.
Why do all these stories end with the victim trying to kill themselves? Don't people just eat ice cream any more?
Ice Cream is too fattening.
i want to habeeb
I  believe it's pronounced, "haboob."
Its actually 'hababwah'.
Zimbabwe?
I know OP is a faggot, but he did not slap Turkey Burger or pour dr pepper on the laptop. Maybe meatspin..At least make it semi-believable
Guise this happened
What are you retarded?
I want to believe it, dammit
Closing the laptop wasnt an option.
"Yep, just sittin here looking at this closed laptop. It sure isnt a coincidence that i flipped a dick and slammed it shut when you walked over here, mr. C"

A little too cute for my tastes, even with the tentacle rape joke.
The hell is /d/?
4chan.org/d/ you'll love it
\b\ backwards
NSFW?
/dickgirls/

Saw their initials and skipped to the end, way too obvious.
[deleted]
Fucking hell no
On the bright side we can ring up Guinness for OP's new world record of "most dicks fit in a single mouth simultaneously."
Wow, that was disappointing.
Everyone knows it's fucking TING TANG walla walla bing bang.
This post had potential, but then OP somehow managed to get the punchline wrong. 
The story was so random that it was just screaming for one of these shit endings. .He even got the lyrics wrong. .0/10. Too much summer
That is a fucking gift. You are a dark wizard. Godamn. 
I have the weirdest boner right now.
I felt awful after reading this. It was probably the humanization of the kid. 
Who watches porn while trying to nofap?
The same people who take cold showers in the morning.
OP may be a disgusting freak, but the hands free fap works.
How is it in any way better?
Damn, someone needs a tampon today.
Guild wars 2 is shit... The currency and trade system is broken.. Message system is spam gold sellers....Gw14lyfe
You sound like the last time you've played was release month faggot
That's about right.. It sucked to much dck to continue
651 knows what's up.
GW2 is better until about level 45 on your first playthrough. After that, GW1 is definitely better.
Freeze then cut. Yes.
Now that i'm thinking... I've never froze an egg in my life. brb
liquid nitrogen cold boiled eggs ftw
Dude, freeze it and then throw it in a deep fryer, it will be awesome
I would insult TSA workers, and call them airport rapists on a megaphone 2 feet away from them.  
I would probably walk across the street without holding hands. After, I would probably eat in the car and go on disney.com without asking my parents. It feels good to be gangsta.
hmm i would shoot everyone that crosses my street and it so happens i live about 100 meters from a nice little town.. my 91/30 will destroy them from my roof... also i would steal everything out of the knife shop in that town as well
look man idk if you knew this but 91/30 is terrible eyesight
i have a scope on mine with the help of 
Dare you not to use a coaster for your juice box.

Look at the sick bastard who wants to download music.  Boy, uninhindered human nature really sickens me sometimes.
Download music while raping someone

I dunno about y'all, but I'd probably download a car.

i dont get it
Do you even snake?
Bonus points for doing it in a public washroom. At the beach.
maximum pleb.
LIQUIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIID
Does "liquid" sound like something in Spanish, or something?
My first thought was MGS


MODS 
TIL what synonyms mean 
Her name is brittany Rode.
The fuck are you yellin for mods for? 
Faggot
So edgy.
we stopped using that word, get with the times
128edgy256me
A fap folder is so 2008. Streaming all the way
bandwidth caps?
anyone got sauce on that pic and will share it?
What the fuck were they teaching you in elementary school?
[deleted]
Holy hell, man...
Chill out, he didn't even use all 10,000 characters.

.
NSFW means not safe for .. Would you want to be caught seeing this at work?
yes
Where do you work?
self employed 
Then you're right!
It's pretty fucking stupid to go to . while at work
And yet here we are.
Or you're subscribed...
except moot has said that traffic doesn't increase during the summer. There are retarded people on the site all year round.
Hmm, maybe just the community gets exchanged then...
Yeah, maybe some of the regulars leave during the summer because of the influx of summer? 
Or maybe /b/ is just comprise of retarded faggots that like to feel self-important during summertime.
Much more plausible.
You ask and you shall receive: 
noice

NSFW


HAHA THOSE CRAZY B GUYS ARE AT IT AGAIN
10/10 WOULD LOL AGAIN! MY SIDES ARE IN ORBIT! NEVER CHANGE /BEE/!
I hope you find it. xD
HEY GUYS MY PARENTS ARE FINALLY GONE LETS GO ON /D/
Not sure if I'd rather deal with nogs or drunken Serbs. 
Guys, can someone please explain to me what is 4chan?
OP is a fag.
Same shit.

For... what? Who the fuck cares about what goes on in here?

Exactly the the point ."Omg irrelevant drama give me karma!"
Bronies and their Jewish ZOG masters will be the first to go
No not the bronies we didn't do nothing wrong.
That sounds exactly like something your brothers in degeneracy the niggers would claim
Alright we bronies are a peacefull people so leave us out of this.
You will all burn when Herr Zimmerman walks
Well ill just hie in my attic.
TIL that I'm gay
DAE hate brony?.Shitposter.
please kill yourself you fucking brony
Careful with those edges, boy. You'll poke someone's eye out.
You can't poke someone's eye out dumbass. It's not like when you poke an eyeball with something sharp enough it just falls out. You have to . an eyeball out..Also you're a faggot.
Autism/10- You're actually clarifying a colloquialism. ISHYGDDT.
Oh yeah, I'm the autistic one, while you're the one who masturbates to a children's cartoon about ponies and is definitely not autistic...
I'm not the one making a big deal about it, faggot.
But you are.
So OP is breaking the law?

And with the tip of his fedora, he told us all!
Please, go to your cabinet, retrieve a trash bag, tie it around your head, AND FUCKING KILL YOURSELF FAGGOT.
no u
ow, you cut me on all that edge
Why do these fuckwits think that anon hates gays? We hate faggots. Big difference.
Make it illegal to be a shitposter.
Stop it with the "implying". It has gotten painfully old.

You sure showed him






Fuck off brony.
Fuck off horse wanker
Im not a brony faggot like you.
I want to see a penis shopped in her mouth
Yeah he got me all exited
Someone shop it!
Shat an umbrella.
Opened a window on aircraft.
Next time opens window in submarine
Holy fuck you're retarded. I'm stripping your title of Captain. You're now known as cabin boy Howarth, fucker.
He opened his window on an airplane...
The slat numbnuts




NSFW tag bro
You shouldn't be on . if you're at work anyways.
I'm not at work but its still common courtesy
Yes you should. Kill yourself.
It's a NSFW sub, faggot 
ive come to realize 4chan fits my sick minded needs more than reddit these days
YES THAT IS HIS FORESKIN STRETCHED OVER THE BOTTLE
OP should try turning that into frozen yogurt. I could be talked into trying a frappe of this concoction.
Amateur.
[deleted]

Faggot
Probably still tastes better than beginner homebrew.
Pick one
This is fucking reddit, son. 
Dude's right, you're a fag. 4chinz ain't safe for work no matter what.
Repost
I should expect it though I guess
Where's the part where you rape a small boy?
story went too fast
Op, take this in the best way possible. Cut off your fingers. That story was fucking obvious.
Yu are a faggot.
Even I saw that coming and I am an idiot.
Lel
Uhmm..  Asian chicks aren't hot so why would this guy be a hero. He sounds like the biggest faggot I've ever seen. In fact it was probably an Asian guy that caused his erection
Piss off stormfag
Who the fuck doesn't like a hot Asian chick?
Nicely cropped. 
chahne1 confirmed raging homosexual.
this post made my eyes roll to the back of my head and now i can see my brain trying to process wtf i am doing looking at this shit.
Can anyone explain how you would actually do this?
Did he seriously think he would get money for cards that are in standalone decks/promos?
Holy shit, Barrel Dragon?!
BAWELL DWAGON!!! BAWELL DWAGON!!!
Muthafuckin Barrel Dragon!
Sick fuck. Well go ahead and throw money away.
Were the cards in the photos actually valuable?
I'm pretty sure dark magician is. Its one of the most well known cards. I could look them up on tcgplayer.com but I'm unsure of the sets (yugioh is odd about sets and such for determining a cards set)
The barrel dragon used to be worth 25$ way back when. Now it's not worth 3.
See also Gregg Jeffries. 
No, not really. Could get maybe 2~4 dollars for the dark magician depending on what condition it was in. Maybe a little more now that it's really clean.
....those are all worthless cards anyways
What did he do to the cards?
I was going to say, if that poop tier stuff is worth money, all of the cards I had from when I was little must be worth a tonne- I doubt I have more than $40 worth (probably cost $150, damn TV show marketing and idiot 12 year old me)
id take them but.. they would just sit under my bed for years on end...
Wow guy ruined at $0.03 worth of cards.
First your parents would have sex, then they would drink and smoke a lot when they are preggers with you. Then you would be born with autism and then in 18 years you would try to wash your yu-gi-oh cards.
Oh you dirty whore, tell me what did you drink too.
That was a pretty shitty post.
So is everything else in this subreddit. 
skim milk
Why can't gay men be friendlier towards each other?
They're always giving each other a hard time
[deleted]
He didn't get shit for it, it was a joke.
I hope this trial lasts forever.
related pic: 
This is gold
Ten ten my sides
Half Life 3 confirmed
Somehow I called this as soon as his dad said to never call his adopted brother as his brother.
Saw it coming when I got to the part where the guard knocks him out, .still 10/10
Fuck how did I not see this coming man!
Saw that coming, but a lot of it didn't seem to line up to well anyway. 
Because most of it didn't line up at all.
Ik man Ik
Oh lordie
Ain't nobody got time fa dat!!
Someone link that pic of the watermelon man. Now.
wait... she really has trouble reading?.Son of a bitch.... our public school system is failing us!
Well.. 'if you want a good education, go private.' is what my father always says. Maybe she could have got a football scholarship..
I almost died.
I almost died eating my ice cream sandwich, you gotta warn a man before posting something that funny.
an hero right fucking now
You actually thought this was funny? Edgy 13 year olds everywhere!
this needs tray tray's bitch with that yes no, maybe, idk, repeat question, do you even watch the first 48? too lazy
That is my local Chuck e. Cheese as well. I dont remember my socks being stolen.
I used to work at that one.
Holy shit, I used to work at that Chuck E. Cheese from 1997-2000!
Back when the Home Depot was a mall.
I've never been in a chuck E. Cheese. Why do people remove their socks?
Pretty sure only thing op did to those kids was suck dicks
I want to believe...
They don't remove their socks. They remove their shoes because there is a play area for little kids. OP was probably referring to actually taking socks from kids from behind in the play tunnels
Hell naw. Some kids take off their shoes and socks when getting in the ball pit and put them in the little red holder thing. I had a pair of shoes stolen one time. But let a kid try to snatch my socks from behind while crawling through the tubes. He'd get a mule kick to the mouth.
Oh. I guess some go complete bare feet. I was always told to only take off the shoes and I only saw people with socks on. My bad
Someone else that lives in Tinley. Finally.
Nothin' but car dealiships yo.
This reminds me of the /fit/ smith machine guy. Does anyone have that screenshot?
Probably because OP was a faggot. And only stole faggs socks.
yes i have one
Savour it. 
DOES HE STILL LIVE IN TP OR NOT?
You might find your answer .. 
i dont know if he does still live there but i went to that CEC a shit ton during that time and lost socks on several occasions in the play area i was always too afraid to tell my parents though so i would just put on my shoes and not play in it anymore
That actually made me feel a little bad. 
Anon waited for OP to give all location info before he said anything specific. Definitely just trollin
You're missing the important part. Did anon ever find more pictures of 90's squirrels eating pizza?
i wank into my socks maybe i should leave a pair for this slimy faggot to take home
That UI looks cool! Which distro/gnome interface is that? (I'm relatively new with Linux)
gentoo
You can stop showing off your ability to scale things. It was barely funny the first time.
I found this picture in a ylyl thread and saved it for some reason, when I saw the other post I remembered this and decided to post it. 
[deleted]
You seriously came to Reddit and started complaining about cancer? You're a fucking moron
Fahg
you: 
You: 
That doesn't even make sense, am I the dog?
Even on Reddit no one wants to see your shit post.
Really? That's probably why 71% of people like it.
Yes, these fags are like toddlers. They don't even know what they want.
I'M A FAGGOT THAT HAS NO IDEA WHAT I WANT AND I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW
yall are both bitches. kiss and make up 
I see you're into watching two dudes kiss.  
Honestly though, how big would this image be in pixels?
12
12

lel
12
Hahaha it's funny because pictures are usually only a few megabytes, but this one is terabytes in size! That's like a million times larger than a normal picture and therefore a million times funnier! Excellent work OP!
I hope this isn't real. I hope. Then again, I still remember the skull fucking drama.
Classic? This shit's from this yesterday.
fake
nigga, theres a timestamp.... idk.
and he posted more pics. See this .This shit is fucked up man. WTF. What motivates people to do this degenerate shit? 
It's an instant classic, like the old Chevy Caprice. They even named it "Caprice Classic".
He posted like 6 others pictures in two different threads, it was worse looking and real..you can find them on the archive.
Words cannot describe this retardation...
This is why we don't put our dicks in animals! As well as the fact it's gross anyway...
Classic doesnt just mean old you moron.
I believe it kinda does.
2 serving as a standard, model, or guide: "the classic method of teaching arithmetic".OK?
you have to be some kinda retarded to do this
I guess he got his cock bitten dog gonnit.
Finally, something worth posting on this shitty subreddit.
It was like Jake the Dog was actually there laughing.
Forgot the most important detail:.It was A PUG.
 
How dumb are you that you can't just say the dog bit you while coming out of the shower or something.
Correct Answers.
I....i, sometimes I just, what would make anyone think sticking their dick into an animals mouth is a good idea.
Being young, dumb, and horny. Or be old and drugs. 
when i was young i let my dog lick my penis..RIP in peace doggy
Rut roh
how is that a penis? I just don't see it
It's the dogs... the story is true but the roles are reversed
My parents? Is this CP?
No, as it is not in a sexual context.
Idk man... Pics of naked kids isn't something that should be on here
Even if you were 25 and lived at home with mommy and daddy you sure wouldn't want your parents to find out about the dog almost biting your dick off would you?
I don't think I'm fucked up enough in the head to get a blowjob from my dog in the first place
>2013.>not getting free blowjobs from your dog whenever you want

Jesus Christ. Full retard.
Aren't they all so helpful?
I believe he's talking about the moron who stuck his dick in a dog's mouth 
TIL I'm a moron.
I think its only CP if shes hot.
"for some reason"
Clearly something strange and mystical is happening here.
After years of abuse the anger and shame had finally built up.. On that night he got sweet sweet vengeance...In theaters 27/06/13- Colby 2: Colby never forgets
Colby 2: Electric Boogaloo
Op is an ignorant fuck because a lot of inventors and technological pioneers had assburgers/autism
this would also mean all of us would die too
Too easy.
4chan would be a lot quieter.
Yeah, I agree. The world would be a much better place if everyone died.
nigga must be blind to not see that comin.
So unpredictable.
It doesn't subtract from his point either way.
It's    shitty post but your comment plus the one in the pox actually made me chuckle
3egdy5me
Go back to cringepics
[deleted]
h4t3 th3 tr0ll, l0v3 Shr3k

I read the first panel and the last panel without the middle. That alone made me read the rest of it. 10/10
See, this is why I don't even go to White Witch anymore. Because the map is in three dimensions, I've found that you can simply go around. This greatly reduces your risk of being turned to stone.

Did this guy like shoot meth and then write this
THERE WAS ANOTHER CONT YOU CUNT
[deleted]
:'l
THERE WAS ANOTHER CUNT YOU CONT
Once you read it. You can't unread it. 
Da fuq did I just read
I can't read this shit on my phone.
Dammit, I was just about to post this.
Time to go on an adventure
Full of so much shit it turned into gold.
Cool thanks for your input. I ripped my sock.
A sequel must be made.

NO


Finally. A greentext that actually happened.
My chemical romance and bullet for my valentine are legit bands...I could think of a thousand other pieces of music shit...not those ones. 
I puked
B-b-but I'm an Athiest and I listen to Metallica.... What does this mean?
What colour is your fedora?
Any color. It's got a Retina display.
OP sounds like he is a narcissist, and is also a faggot.
Go away you fucking idiot.

Welcome to /mu/
My Chemical Romance really do suck though.

He was jumbling My Chemical Romance and Bullet For My Valentine.
Lol.. You athiest... You'll be in hell when you die
You sound like you didn't get how this greentext works, and are also a faggot.
Another edgy post from /b/.. I don't think I'd have the courage to be so controversial.
[deleted]

10/10. Good find OP. 
lol dat conclusion
This is the best thing i have ever read
Link me the source if you can. .I see this unasked challenge and I take it up.I'm gonna fap to that shit
What the fuck is that.edit: found out it's the hero from legend of zelda
Princess Zelda incarnate
Princess Zelda incarnate
Priceless Welder Carbinate 
Pringles Wielding Carbine
Is that thing in the pictures real?
Yes, she's got some rare disease that prevents her from aging normally. Backwards progeria.
Princess Zelda incarnate
What the fuck is that ?
You could have opened the pictures so we could actually see it you faggot.
Incest Elder Fornicate
So unrealistic, he did not even get shot.
and why wasn't anyone clapping?.0/10
Needs moar walmart
Sounds about right.
why are you guys so offended? I found this hilarious
nice try OP. I think you confused the school's prayer hall with a gym because it had the school's logo on the floor.
This is the worst 'anon visits murica' I've ever read. 
I died.
What is the first 48 shit about
yeahno
What's the true story?
Holy everliving fuckin dayum my fried
A shitty attempt at citing a crime TV show for testimonial support.
Jabba the Hutt is the "star witness" for the prosecution, she was too busy shoveling down Big Macs and watermelon glazed fried chicken buckets with a side of grape soda ranch sauce to understand all the direction that people were giving her in an attempt to fabricate and create false evidence against Zimmerman in the trial.  Defense proved multiple times over that she lied under oath, and now she is quickly destroying what little chance the prosecutors had left that this whole fiasco was a hate crime.

[deleted]
I didn't want to feel these feels.
Saw that coming at 'little boy blue'.
Thank you for being original. It's not like everyone else in this thread mentioned "feels."
Too
Many
Feels
I know we'll have a good time then.
Dem feeeeeeellllsss
FUCK YOU!.:( these feels ):
How many times am I going to read these stories and get shitted on at the end with some shitty reference
those feels 
Feels feels.
DAE feels!? XD
The end instantly ended my feels.
The feels left as swiftly as they came.
It only increased mine.
Easily saw it coming at "But we'll get together then".
Didn't see it coming, but it was awesome. Big feels
Got suspicious at the cat drugging cutlery into the hammock, still pretty good.

Burning up his fuse up there alone 
Anon, you skinny fuck.
I can't eat Nutella due to a hazelnut allergy. Fuck you Nutella fuck you with a cactus.
If that story had actually happened, OP propably would have sued Ferrero because of that shit.
You're not missing much
It isn't the nutella's fault his circulatory system is inferior
He needs to get on /fit/ and get vascular.
bro, do you even cardio?
But cardio ruins muh gains
I did that once, i passed out and an old family vase broke and my mom got mad so she beat me before she realized i was passed out.
I have it chronically.
It's called syncape syndrome er.. Something like that.
I've got it and I was told it was called postural hypotension 
Ok, KyleTheMethAddict.
You have no room to talk, ClankOnTheCob.
Slim Shady?
Stand up. 
Well at least she loves you enough to stop.
This is like a 3 year old repost. Jesus this subreddit is filled with newfags
I'm afraid to look up pedosexual
Nice original content OP.
...what?
Repost, faggot.
Isn't the correct term "Old pasta"? 
ya, i could tell the story was bullshit
God...
saw the nicknames and new that it was a reference to some song I hadn't heard. Kinda disappointed, was looking forward to a story of a guy with no degree managing to make it in modern america
I really liked that story.
Fuck me, I'm going to tear off my scotum. 
I Was waiting for that stupid shit when he said everyone had a fucking nickname
What does he mean not Til Brooklyn? I was expecting some sadistic ending with a stupid song quote. 
If it's not a song I assume it's because monkey and op were planning a trip to Brooklyn.
Good one OP, but what happened to shots ??!?
Lil' Jon started to date her.
Ya that's what I thought but wasn't sure. 
Mother fucking shitting nigger faggot. Kill yourself OP.
I'm getting . sick of the 'make up a drawn out feely / sexy story and end it with overused song' template.
Me too, but I'm getting good at catching them now. The nickname was too out of place..And there's one other one on the front page of this sub with a cat bringing cutlery into a cot, which seemed off.
10/10 would cry again
I scrolled down before i read the entire thing. Nice try OP
Beasty boys song call brass monkey britfag
You were born in the 90s werent you? .Beastie Boys- "Brass Monkey"
.Beastie Boys- "No Sleep Till Brooklyn"

God fucking damnit, thank you Tom. 
I've just kinda noticed that 90s kids are completely oblivious of anything that happened in the world (much less pop culture) before they were about 11-12 years old. Where as most people I know that are 80s kids or older explored pop culture at least back to the 50s, and history back to about WWI at a minimum. .These songs came out when I was 1 yet I know them and their strong hold on pop culture. 
Was never a real big beastie boys fan
I wouldnt call myself a fan, I dont know the lyrics to all their songs. I dont listen to them actively, I dont own any of their music. But I know their place in pop culture. Just like Madonna...If you say like a virgin, for the very first time...I'm going to know its a Madonna reference...Thats really the only part of the song I know. Thats how pop culture references work.
I understand that, you're just making a pretty large generalization now. 
Lets call it a casual observation. 
Beastie you twat
This is the third fucking time this has happened to me today.
I don't think this is getting enough respect. The whole thing is a huge web of symbology and Beastie Boys references.
symbolism
Wombology..You know. The study of wombo
I'm actually an expert in Nameyology.
all of this for a fucking BEASTIE BOYS REFERENCE!!!???!?
Seriously, I want to punch a fucking kitten now.
I feel fortunate enough to have looked after tackle box
If there's anything I've learned, is to always read the last bit before committing to a long thread 
In my opinion, America's been playing Cops & Robbers in the Middle East for too long. I hope Obama gets us out next year.
HAHAHA, good one!
I somewhat agree with this, yet I still feel the need to join the military (just in case we actually do get attacked). All the dissenters can do and say whatever they feel like about the military. It doesn't bother me in the least.
As a non-American my opinion is that you simply spend way too much on your military in a peace time era. 
As an American serving in the military, I can confirm this. Too much spending on the military. The benefits are over abundant. And too many people are ok with it because "military gives us our freedom" shit. 
As a non Conservative or Liberal leaning American, I kind of agree and kind of disagree. I can see both sides to the military debate. .Conservative ideology: "We should help those in need.".Liberal ideology: "No, we can't even help ourselves.".I realize that isn't the whole picture, but it seems to be the basic principle.
Thats a good point. but you lead with military spending by an excessive amount I feel that with reduce spending you guys have the capacity to do both.
What the fuck is that godforsaken way of typing.Like why would he put that effort in to make his writing read like a trainwreck.Also yeah, it's so glaringly obvious that it's wrong that they're over there but hey, humanity is overwhelmingly stupid and submissive so that isn't changing any time soon

The benefits aren't what is jacking up the defense budget. For example, things like keeping the Abrams plants open and producing tanks when the Pentagon says, "We're good on tanks, thanks" is part of why the defense budget is high. Things like the F-22, the F-35, and other high cost projects are why defense spending is high.
Not as good as heavy weapons guy. That shit was cash.
Hi, this is Dan, and I support this effort 100%.
Dan has been around for a long time. He isn't new.
Dan was created fucking ages ago, like at least 7 months ago...
[deleted]
Even you trolling was awkward...
The only thing worse than a bad meme is a forced bad meme.
Wrong again, idiot. All memes are bad. There is nothing worse than a meme. Memes are cancer. And I hate how saying "x is cancer" is now a meme. So I'm just going to say, memes are normal jokes that grow uncontrollably until they choke the life out everything. If you think memes are funny then you're a shitty person. 
The opinions of bronies carry no weight outside /mlp. Die in a fire, faggot.
Why do you think I'm a brony?
Probably your posting history, for starters.
Oh wow. That's autistic as shit. Have I just made a great and powerful enemy? Someone who will hack my computer to find out my identity and then send his navy seals friends after me? .What are the other reasons?
shitty person and deserve to die in a fire
Quality post OP. Keep up the good work!

 has got me back in fighting shape over the past 6 months. . and . save lives from the Healthy At Every Size menace.
I really want to meet Scotty now.
I approve
So Scott became the Stig? 
I am glad about this
(   )
As a Scotsman. I'm proud of Scotty
7/10
That's a pretty cool fucking story.
Skimmed this line first.Read the entire thing thinking of a landwhale riding the ..

 
You're a fucking dumbass
FTFY
more like .poor scooty
1/10
FUCKING COME ON THEN YOU CUNT I'LL AVE YOU
WOT, FISTICUFFS? PUT 'EM UP, I'LL 'AVE YOU, OLD CHAP! I'LL BLOODY WELL 'AVE YOU!
U WOT M8
UR R 1 CHEEKY BUM M8 I WILL RECK U I SWEAR ON TH' NAME O' ME MUM
Was expecting Star Trek joke, sadly disappointed.
This.
I think it would also be what happened to Alter Scotty during Into Darknes. Went back in time, got gang rowed by a fatty, resulted in the birth of Janeway skipping a few generations.
I was expecting BLOOD AND THUNDER! WHITE WHALE!
Split your lungs with blood and thunder.When you see the white whale.Break your backs and crack your oars men.If you wish to prevail
Yes. That one. 
Was expecting Scotty Doesn't Know. Surprised at real ending.

 
I threw up a bit, nice start for a nice new day
cum boobie
It's bigger than the nipple! Aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhg run away!
I still managed to fap to this.
Next challenge: Fap to Human centipede.
the cringe is strong with this one 
Sadly enough saw pimple first on the tit and thought, "wow that's an odd nipple."
.fapped
LOL, even though it was disgusting it was worth it to see all those reaction pictures - Bella from Twilight biting her lip was the funniest.
i want that goomba reaction picture 
Femanon now has one extra orifice. Her boyfriend will be happen.
Challenge #1. Rule 34. 
I read this as "op pops a pimp"I was disapointed 
Fuck, I'd suck on that. Tittle.
Am I the only one who came to the comments to check if there is a followup post?....I thi...I think I need to go outside now, no more internet.
I was following this and waited for OP to come back after the hole pic to no avail. Did she ever start a new thread?
Next challenge: Fap to a Serbian Film
Mission(s) accomplished!
I've checked multiple times for a follow up...
Here ya go
thank you good sir!
Fag
Oh look its 
I have seen plenty of stuff on 4chan and the internet in general over the years but this is the first thing that has made me feel sick like that. Wow.
reddit.com
give . a try. 
A week is not "years". If it really has been years, try harder.
Oh please, I see gore and other shit like that on 4chan all the time, but it really doesn't faze me. But seeing this pimple ooze like this is absolutely nasty. It's kind of sad that it is that way if you think  about it.
 It didn't seem any worse than the regular stuff to me. I guess people still have different triggers. I was mostly entertained by the reaction faces you included.
You misspelled tasty.
If you made it here your gonna need this.
IT DOESN'T HELP- I'M VISUALIZING HOLES IN ALL OF THESE TITS OH GOD
There was a phobia for that.
tryopphobia or somthing
tumblr-itis.

Jesus...
Fuck this sub I'm trypophobic
Periductal abscess / mastitis... much more common / associated with smoking. 
Looks like fucking staph
All abscesses really look the same.  The pus is from the inflammation reaction, which can be started by bacteria (such as Staphylococcus aureus) or from general irritation.  So yeah, could be staph.  
I'm no doctor, the hole it left after just reminds me of horror cases I've seen from staph in wrestling/MMA. Either way, gross
serious question. really smoking? how so? 
I provided the study which shows the direct correlation with periductal mastitis (periductal abscess) and smoking.  It appears they are unsure as to the exact mechanism.  However, in the article it says that heavy smokers are more likely to be affected than moderate and light smokers, which makes me think it is associated with dose/time.  I would wager that some chemical in cigarette smoke damages or irritates the lobular / ductal tissue within the breast, setting of an inflammation reaction (leading to an abscess).. -- original article (a bit of medical language in this one). -- more general article, same stuff
this was very interesting, thank you
No tits, just gtfo.
One tit. 
Imagine having sex with a hole in a tit, man oh man
You almost made me vomit
Self lubricated because of the puss. Nice.
My penis just went up inside me in fear. 
No don't be disgusting.
Use bacon flavored lube and eat it out after?
_()_/
You type it like this retard.\\\_()_/
Not even close dumbass.\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\_()_/
Trying too hard. Go back to advice animals. 
The fuck happened to your arm?!
Backslash not used correctly
lapd
Yes that's the ticket. 

That doesnt look like a pimple. More like an abscess..EDIT: Spelling.
Probably a sebaceous cyst, judging by the void left over.
I think it's a spider bite. I've learned a lot from.  
It's real..
It does look like an abscess.  That means she needs to get to a doctor right away or else she might get a nasty infection.  This is a potentially life-threatening condition.
That is a staph infection. OP is dead 
Agreed that anon is dead
P-put your dick in it...
N-no homo...
Really original
dont google. 
thanks
FUCK YOU I DID IT ANYWAY 
What a brave soul.
Do you need me to hold your hair back?
That's the dad from That's So Raven.
You should feel really sad for knowing that
I was really bored...
we can safely say op is an a-grade faget
[deleted]
Oh. I thought he photoshopped a vagina on there. 
I think you have that the other way ar- OH SHIT.
fuck i thought she was brushing her teeth at first

This chick is 16? I'm out.
You sure? There's tits. Nice tits.
This is why we need to lower the age of consent to 14.
What's more important... Thailand.

now ping pong it so we can pretend to have qt3.14 trap gf

[deleted]
i'll need this sometime... just not right now...
autist
a GIF screenshot, we live in the future guys
I'm too high for this. This is crazy
dafuq
wat
Semi functioning autist 
I would usually try and make a semi truck joke, but OP hurt my brain with that post.
Maybe it's just because it's brand new.Mel Gibson is still on the scene even though he is a proven anti-semitic
Mike Vick lost everything and only got out of debt after he got out of prison and worked his way back into the NFL.  He's still never going to be even close to as wealthy as he was before being arrested.
Are we really that surprised over this? The other two are athletes and athletes get passes for shit like this (messed up but true), since you chose two black athletes I'll add in ben roethlisberger. Money is power, Paula Dean is a nobody who was just adding a little butter to our already obese nation. She's replaceable.
Ray Lewis - Accessory to murder.  Stands right next to his friend as he shoots another man multiple times at point blank range.  Gets acquitted and goes on to win a super bowl that same year...
because she used the word NIGGER, it makes her a NIGGER herself. .Because only NIGGERS can use that word.
maybe she should become an athlete 
Surprised Anon didn't mean Kobe Bryant raping a bitch and paying her off and Tiger Woods cheating with numerous woman.
'cause she a whitey.
Way to sacrifice literally everything true about what happened to make some lame racist joke.
Except Mike Tyson didn't rape anyone. The woman who accused him of rape had a history of making false rape claims.
Mike Tyson and Michael Vic both went to jail, and neither of them were forgiven by most people, let alone completely forgiven, for a long time..That's also a completely inaccurate summary of what Deen is accused of, and ignores the fact that people are . defending her (4chan included).
Shaved off the "I want little nigger boys all dressed up to wait on me and my rich white friends, just like the good old slave years!"-bit, did ya?.And she'll be just as forgiven once she's not hot news anymore. Don't be a fag.
I think it's because she's from the south, and they're overcompensating to try and distance the southern states from racism..And she's white.
Did she apologize at all ? Did she try to handle it with a little tact, and explain her story a little, and on air ? You can think about that, but no laws can protect individuals from medias picking words out of context, and preventing his boss from firing her..You can't really blame people and their opinions, but you can blame the media lens effect for amplifying those opinions and creating those public relations nightmare..And really, who cares about TV personalities anyways ? Are they like superheroes who got killed my the evil mob ? Grow up.
Don't forget about Chris Brown.
Everyone keeps talking about the racist shit and nobody talks about the sexual harassment. I want to hear more tales of Paula Deen's Butter Dungeon.  
What's worse is all of America is pretending they haven't used the word "nigger" at any time and Paula Dean is some devil for using it. 
Athletes have a talent that is hard to reproduce. Cooks are 12 for 10 cents. She was a mascot, and mascots that are not loved are useless.
Kobe Bryant, anyone?
PD also talked about hosting a Slavery themed Wedding and used the word Nigger to describe the "slaves"
Paula Deen isnt ruined. Her newest cookbook just sold out. She's gonna be fine. 
Uhm... Vick went to prison, Tyson went to prison. They most certainly lost out on multi-million dollar deals. Paula Deen is still going to be a multi-millionaire tomorrow so I don't know what the fuck you're talking about. You think she's suddenly not going to be on tv when stations can now get her for 50% or less of her previous price? You actually think they're going to take away all the money she's made over the years? .How ignorant of you. 
Vick went to prison...
When was it? The 80's 70's? People are too stupid to take into account that it was the way people talked back then.
Not really. She's number one on Amazon books right now.
Fighting for niggers rights since 2013.
All of you are bringing up that Vick and Tyson went to jail, but what about OJ?
Paula Deen has millions and she's old as fuck.  She'll be fine.  She'll probably die of heart failure within the next 10 yrs anyway.
How about Rhianna?
I didn't know Mike Tyson raped someone and I don't even know who Michael Vick is. This changes how I feel about Mike Tyson completely.
I'd have sympathy for her if she wasn't the most disgusting person on the food network..When she fries food, she gets more breading on her hands than on the chicken..She never uses soap when washing her hands, nor does she dry her hands after rinsing..She disgusted me, long before her scandal.
Paula Dean will get a show on BET.
Way to equate all of that bs 
This topic is stupid so she said tje n word big deal people do every day and no one loses their job over it. Stop being so scared of this word black people obviously aren't they use it every 5 minutes. I've seen her show maybe 3 times so I'm no die hard fan I just  think its stupid for people to make a big deal of it.
time will tell. 
Shit like this is why lying is so accepted in society.
And that my friend is 'MERICA!
It's cause she is white.
I supposed a redneck woman from the south also only used the N word that one time right??? Get off your couch and smell the coffee loser!
Whose really to blame here?
"White privilege" in a nutshell. 
Duh now she is the tea party cook her and all her rascist friends will make millions
Yeah, but no one even liked her in the first place?
I would like to see a poll taken before this weird mess that asked if you thought Paula Deen every used the n word in her life. I would have answered yes. I think most people would have answered yes. What the fuck is the big deal?
Anon is a moron. There is far, far more to Ms. Deen's racism than a word used in a deposition.
Michael Vick didn't go to prison for brutalizing dogs, he went to prison for illegal gambling. It's about money, not people's feelings. 
Surprised OJ wasn't mentioned in this yet. 
They weren't personalities on a family cooking show, Mike Tyson fucking knocked people's heads in and can't speak, no one gives a shit what he says, fucking desk jockey racist nerds.
White people sure love to give black people shit.  Hard to stop centuries of  baseless superiority complex.  
About time someone used some fucking logic regarding this issue.
Whites just learn... its not acceptable for you to say racist things. Its just the way it is. Get over it
She should've raped a dog
gitcher nigger butter y'all!! 
Except that the woman that Tyson supposably raped had a history of falsely accusing people of rape. So there's that. 
WHO DIS BITCH?
White people are so oppressed. 
When you put it like that...
heh, women.
This is only a big ordeal because she's white.
She's not ruined. Look at Dog the Bounty Hunter. She will be back in a few months and all will be forgiven.
Dat white guilt.
wat
I'll admit when I was young and stupid that the word did pass my lips, but not is the last 40 years or so. In a deposition she was asked if she had ever said it and replied, "Of course.".I don't think it unreasonable that a 60+ year old growing up in the South also said it, and had corrected herself and her behavior long ago. 
She's gonna die soon anyway, what do you care?
Thank you. Every time some big public scandal happens there's a hard kneejerk reaction. Then everybody moves on and stops caring, the person goes back to their lives. 
animal cruelty and dog fighting were his charges
Your comment is irrelevant to the topic at hand. 
While he's still technically on the scene, his image has pretty much tanked. I dont know anyone that doesnt think of him as "the crazy anti-semite."
... who still makes amazing movies
There's more to it, really? Tell us what horrible effect it's had on anyone but her. We're all ears.
Irrelevant. She markets herself on her reputation and her persona. She is a fucking racist and frankly, she doesn't deserve to be on TV.
You're probably a little racist too. So what do you not deserve to be part of? and since when are people on TV paragons of morality?
Tell you what, when I get a million dollar TV contract and start calling people names, I'll make sure you get your two cents.
Zack fagianakis is a fag for complaining and keeping him out of the hangover 2.
Except that cheating isn't a crime. (To be fair Paula Dean didn't commit any crime either)
Nah, it's been done with Colby already.
you're a black person now
it would probably distract the public, and help her image at this point

The hypocrisy of it all is the worst part
Pretty sure he went for dog fighting.
The charges were related to his dog fighting ring, but dog fighting doesn't get a prison sentence. Making money in an illegal gambling ring and not paying taxes on it gets you sent to federal prison. The government doesn't really care if you fight dogs or not. 
He was convicted on charges related to animal cruelty not anything to do with gambling. In fact, when he plead guilty to dog fighting he maintained that he didn't ever place bets or take any prize money. 
Source? Because that's entirely incorrect. 
:."(Federal) Felony conspiracy in interstate commerce/aid of unlawful animal fighting venture (Title 18, USC, Section 371); (State) Felony dogfighting"

That doesn't list a charge, merely saying that he bankrolled a dog fighting ring. Vick went to federal prison, dogfighting isn't a federal crime. Tax evasion is. 
 Do you have a source for tax evasion? I never once heard he was convicted of that. 
Because he wasnt.
Guy Fieri too. Hes super unsanitary, wearing his rings while he handles raw meat. As a cook of 10 years i cant even watch it.
Thank the big name media for blowing this up.
that's how white guilt works
Yeah, I don't like the lady or her cooking. But she's getting royally screwed here. It's so bullshit.
Duplicated comment please ignore.
Because in the US, niggers are a protected species.
Yeah, both Tyson and Vick were reprimanded and spent a good amount of time being looked down upon by the media and general public before getting back to making millions..Paula Deen will go through the same.
Well that's what you get for not being part of the Illuminati.
pretty sure Paula Deen will still have her millions of dollars
Totally read that as "dog FISTING ring"... 
AND SHES DIABETIC
You do realize everyone on 4chan hates all of you?
good point
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
I never really liked her in the first place, this is just an excuse to make her go away. 
How could anyone remember the one time they said a word?
OP, your faggotry knows no bounds.
Paula Deen was terrible before all this shit came out.
amazing 10/10
Your first two examples are black
Obama didnt find that funny
Because mike Tyson and Michael Vick are ni--, uhhh nice. 
Not that I care, but she admitted to saying she's used it before and after that whole bank robbery incident. Regardless she'll be on TV in a couple months and we'll all go back to not caring about her.
only thing is Vick and Tyson are worth more after a felony than Paula Deen is after a racial slur
Just curious what would happen if a black celebrity used the word cracker?
Anon has no clue
Welcome to moral logic, allow me to be your guide
Nice job knit picking brah
Her main crime remains her cooking.
Paula Deen isn't ruined.  Neither she nor her family need ever work again if she so desires with the money she's made.
I love her recipes.  I also love being 350lbs with heart disease. 
We're just tired of people being sorry. 
Michael still gets crap
Here is a list of video links collected from comments that redditors have made in response to this submission:
I wonder why all of your scores are hidden...
Thank you anon
It's because she's white...
shes a chef not an athlete. athletes have money riding on them. athletes have much more fans. people give a shit about athletes. kobe raped a bitch too
Fuck that shit. Michael Vick and Mike Tyson are still massive pieces of shit in my eyes.
it's not that she said the n word but that she hired black people to dress up as house negores for an old timey southern party. the fact that she was so candid and nonchalant about doing this is what's fucked up. she's apologizing for saying the n word but it's not the word but the intent... she isn't apologizing for the right thing, even. she's a racist cunt and why would anyone want her on tv regardless of she was or wasn't?
No mention of Ray Lewis?
I bought her cookbook the other day and I don't even cook. 
Well Paula is white so if we let her off the hook it would be racist. If we forgive the two black people it doesn't make us racist.
This is just a knee jerk reaction.  When Michael Vick first got arrested, he was banned from the NFL for life, his ban was reduced later.  Everyone hated Tyson when all that shit originally went down, no one thought he'd ever regain fans.   Paula Deen will recover from this and continue to slather food in butter on TV. 
She also wanted a plantation wedding. 
*With little plantation niggers
At least she's not black.
She'd be forgiven if she was.  But I'm sure that is still a greater loss.
She also made the genious comment about how her great grandfather's slaves were "workers"
Mike Tyson didn't actually rape anyone, the woman (his girlfriend at the time) went to get checked up at the hospital because she thought he was being too rough. There were two minor abrasions, but that was it.
uh well...no he was actually indicted and then convicted of a sexual assult...and this wasn't his girlfriend...but I agree he didn't rape her either
[deleted]
reading comprehension problems? please reread my statement and also read the statement I was replying to
Yeah, Anon apparently doesn't know how to read...or his racism is blinding him. Or both.
Don't forget Kobe. You know he did it.
OPs ignorance is pretty bad on this one
"The girl showed up with eight different semens to the investigation. You can't do that. That's seven too many, that's a lot of semen. This bitch's got Noah's Ark in her panties."
"Totally forgiven"? They went to jail. That's the opposite of forgiving them.
I think this whole ordeal makes it very clear how people who work with Paula Deen feel about Paula Deen..No one likes Paula Deen. If they did, they would defend her. They have been looking for a reason to get rid of her, this is it. Claiming she's a racist and firing her is a way better way to retain her fans than saying the network doesn't like her. 
ITT: No one who has ever used the word Nigger. 
Yeah I know, like 4chan has never used the word nigger.
Yeah, but we know to wait for the right moments to say nigger, when it won't ruin us.
Quit being a nigger and use racial slurs 
I like your style. 
because athletes in America are given the same treatment as elderly tv chefs
Martha Stewart's basically been forgiven for being a criminal..
That's right.  Because just like being an NFL starting quarterback or a multiple time boxing heavyweight champion of the world, it takes an exceptional amount of talent to be able to host a scripted basic cable cooking show where everything is prepared beforehand.
Yes that's how she became incredibly rich, and the spokeswoman for a variety of brands, and products ! Cooking by itself isn't that big of a deal as it is forming a personality around how you do it, an atmosphere, etc..... I don't personally think her chef skills are anything exceptional, but she's clearly been good enough personality wise to get where she is. 
Vick and Tyson both went to prison, and while they were offered opportunities to continue to earn large paydays after being released, they both had to declare bankruptcy because of the many different organizations that sued them. 
Tyson was world champ, on top of the world at the time and had beetches all on his jock.  He didn't rape the girl.  She came to his room willingly.  Wtf she think was gonna happen at a hotel?
Yeah, I forgot, going to someone's hotel room is the same as consenting to sex. Who the fuck are you to decide whether or not he raped her? Were you on the jury? Did you hear the evidence? Or do you just assume that because he punches guys good that he couldn't possibly commit rape? Fucking moron.
Baddest guy on the planet, gets all the girls he wants, oh, I go to hotel room and act schlutty, we not do nothing saxul.  U can't see the innuendo then go back to your feminist class u dumb shit.  He was too socially inept to read she was a gold digging slut, that's all he is guilty of.  Much less your faggotry.
After watching the Tyson documentary I was absolutely convinced he didn't do it based on the way he describes the incident..I don't think you'd call someone a "wretched swine of a woman" that many years later if you actually raped her.
A payday is what she was lookin for
She was growing tired of her left ear
Vick also lost all his endorsements
Nike re-signed him....*spelling 
Resign != Re-sign
They weren't his only endorsement deal, mate.  Anon also implied he was immediately forgiven, since Paula Deen could end up getting back her endorsements in a few months as well.
I remember following the whole Michael Vick saga it didn't take long at all for the media and much of the general public to absolve him of his actions.
But he did pay the penalty dealt to him. Not saying I like him and forgive him personally but he did do his time and does appear to be a changed person.
I'm not going to debate whether or not he's a changed person but I was referring to only a few short months after the fact.
Yeah, it's a little early to be making this kind of comparison. 
That's not how I see it.  There's nothing to report about a criminal once they're in jail unless they commit another crime or are released.  Why would ESPN want to go dig up an old dead dog story when there's so much about what Tim Tebow had for breakfast yesterday that they haven't even touched on?
Nike isn't exactly known for its business morals though. 
right-they sell shit
"Nike is a great company" - Nike
...She also told a black employee she wanted to throw a party with a bunch of little niggers dancing around like the Shirley Temple days..This isn't just a panicked remark. She's an antebellum bozo who deserves to lose her job. 
Yes, god forbid she continue to make money showing other fat asses how to make butter salad because she's had some deep-seeded, southern  racism instilled in her.
 butter salad.
Topped with a cream butter sauce. mmmmmm... Delish
I agree she's a racist, prejudiced old bitch judging from the ease at which the word 'nigger' slips from her lips, but you realise that if we're going to fire all the racist people in the US, that's going to be like every other person in this fucking country, right? The more time I spend in the US, the more racist the people are here, and I live in Virginia, so it's not even supposed to be like Alabama or Mississippi bad. 
If the nsa found everyone who said nigger on the internet none of us would have jobs.
As a public figure the standards for her continued employment as a public figure are different. You can be a racist accountant or line cook or web developer and that's totally not grounds for being fired. You can't be a racist public figure without people thinking you should be fired. That public sentiment is important to their employers and is grounds for dismissal. 
I live in SC and I haven't seen but a few accounts of racism in all the time I've been here.
Depends what you mean by 'racism'. Also depends on how close you get to people. Far too many people in VA I find are 'iffy' on black people, one way or another. That's racism when you're talking about .. You cannot simply take an entire subset of people from various backgrounds who live in various places from various socioeconomic backgrounds and with various experiences and somehow lump them all together into a negative characterisation. .My favourite example of 'hidden' racism is sexuality and race. Sexuality (unless otherwise religiously repressed - not that religion represses it that well to start with) in my view is one of the most honest traits of a person. What I find is that people don't have interracial relationships much. White guys give white women who date black men a rather hard time and often make very low remarks suggesting a wide variety of things upon hearing that some white girl fucked a black guy. Then you have the white women who avoid having sex with black men or entering a relationship either out of fear of social stigma or simply because they do not like blacks (as I said before, it is impossible to not be attracted to . black person and still call yourself 'not racist')..So it is by these measure that I gauge racism. And by this measure it's pretty rampant.  
I don't think we should fire all racists, just the ones who are too dumb to hide it.
"those who act on it" might be a better way to phrase that. you don't want anyone making decisions with a prejudiced bias in a place of power. 
Yes that's what I meant, I wish I could claim that English isn't my first language like many redditors but, unfortunately, I just wasn't paying enough attention to my thought-train. 
I'm not going to complain about the job security.
If you're trying to fight against racism why not make these examples and start waking people up that it's not ok even behind closed doors? I feel like a mass majority of these racists are closeted and feel they can get away with their bigotry so long as they never slip in public.
Why the fuck do you care what people think in the privacy of their own homes/closets? No wonder we have the fucking NSA up our asses in this country.
You're being too broad bro. I'm talking about eradicating bigotry. suck a dick and die faggot.
And there would be no Republican Party
Are you from England? (realise)
No, Russia - but we're taught to use standard English spelling, so I suppose I might use some spellings that look like they are from Commonwealth or the UK. Americans don't say 'realise'? I know you guys drop the 'u', but do you always use the 'z' as well? 
Yes, we spell it with 'z', there's another word I always see where we use z and UK uses s, but I can't think of it right now. 
Yes. 
I'm not trying to fight against anything. I don't like a lot of things, but I don't give a fuck either. I'm on ., so it's not like I pitch a fit every time I see an injustice. 

Who is "we"? I don't run the food network, I don't have an endorsement contract with PD. Food Network and her sponsors dropped her and that was a market based decision because they do not want . associated with some racist old nitwit..Also regarding her "one time" use of the word nigger to describe a black person. That's a load of fuckin' horseshit if you ask me. OP basically takes her at her word in his post but come on. Read the complaint against her. Every allegation in here also claims that there were other witnesses. And the complaint was filed 2 years ago. Seems like Food Network and her sponsors have given her the benefit of the doubt for quite a while.
Starting with every hip hop artist . 
[deleted]
Oh no, the .! You do realise that you cannot say anything period if you are to wholly refrain from generalisations. That's the funny thing about y'all faggots here. You'll circlejerk about blacks being 'niggers' and it's all funny but the moment somebody suggests something about something that you personally are touchy about, you get all defensive... .I'm sure that AL and MS are as diverse and accepting as NYC and San Francisco or LA, yeaah.... Cut the bullshit, just because you're a God-fearing redneck from the South doesn't change the facts about your place, if that's where you live. South is less diverse and more racist (at least openly) than the North. Period. Not saying that everyone is KKK in the South, but there are more of those types there than elsewhere. 
You think racism is increasing?  That's going too far I think.
Have you turned your radio on 104.5 the beat lately? 
I like 107.1 Foxy Jams myself. 

(Richmond) Virginia was the capital of the Confederacy, 
Aemilius_Paulus is from the super rich white part of virginia where they have no black people so he wouldn't know shit anyway.
Really? A state was the capital now? That's funny, I thought cities usually served as the capitals....Sarcasm aside, is that really goddamn necessary to point out? There isn't a single adult person who is not aware of that in the US. Well, the Southern part of the US anyway. .I also think it's worth noting that I am a Russian and yet I know your country's history better than 99.7% of the population, I'd wager. 
Yes yes, I know, foreigners know more about US history than Americans do..I do enjoy your Russian dash cam videos though, since you can't have a society that  functions without the use if them. 
Hehe, yeah, Russian roads are pretty crazy and lawless... Kinda like Russia really. Americans should go to Russia more since you guys claim to like freedom. There is no freedom in the US. But Russia is free. If you have money, you do whatever you want - that's really the only freedom that ever existed. Gov't surveillance is minimum too - for now - compared to the US (though Putin certainly has his plans for the future). .Maybe if more American libertards and teabaggers went to Russia to experience freedom, maybe more of them would get some sense in their heads. Of course, that will never happen. They'll just invent an excuse as to why Russia is not their perfect version of their utopia. 
Right, we sad Americans are oppressed and Russians are free. 
Look, I'm trying to have a decent conversation with you. If you want keep on trolling, get back to trolling edgy 13-yr old . newbies. Spouting BS isn't going to get you anywhere. I am rather obviously making it clear that the Russian 'freedom' is far worse than the American 'oppression'. I am also pointing out at the same time that the Ami obsession with 'freedom' is bullshit because it's not necessarily 'freedom' that makes US so great. 
Sure it is.
then why are you here?  Go back to freedomland.
I think she's . ham Hitler, but . didn't fire her. Her sponsors did. I'm assuming Food Network holds their employees to a higher standard than the NFL, where you . to get cut from the team. .Tyson and Vick are . to be brutal and scary as fuck. Paula is supposed to cackle and smile and find new ways to incorporate butterfat into otherwise edible foodstuffs. 
I dunno, I think Paula fits the whole Southern Granny thing - seems nice, makes you a bunch of unhealthy but delicious food, and is secretly racist.
But it's not a secret anymore.
I guess more quietly/casually racist. Like, she'll be acting all sweet then make a racist remark and its like ., where did that come from?
Honestly I would be pretty upset if Paula Deen wasn't racist. Would just make everything less authentic.
Michael Vick and Mike Tyson both rightfully went to jail, you will never hear anyone say "I know Mike Tyson raped someone but he was great in the hangover so I forgive him." or "Michael Vick killed dogs but look at that spiral!" 
You're goddamn right nobody will compliment Vick's spiral. 

Um, I hear people say that about Michael Vick all the time...
To be fair, no one would say Vick can throw a spiral regardless of circumstance.
Thats because he sucks now too
I've heard someone say, "I don't know when people are going to get over that whole Rhianna thing," in regards to Chris Brown. 
Yes you fucking will. I just heard that shit about Michael Vick from a guy at Walmart. 
Both men went to prison for their crimes. Some people believe in forgiveness. If Vick had not paid for his crime, had somehow gotten off, I guarantee that there would be near riot level protesting at his football games.
Yeah like with Ben roethlisberger
Implying Walmart is a valid source 
A large percentage of the population shops there so I would say it is a pretty valid source. Specially when it come to football lovers.
A large percentage of Americans eat fast food, so I guess McDonald's is also a good source for football

This sample size is getting awfully small...
Thank You. They both served time in federal prison, there's really no comparison. She is not losing her freedom, and can sob into her piles of money. Don't expect any sympathy from me. 
It is almost certain that Tyson didn't rape Washington, she had a history of false rape allegations, and several witnesses who contradicted her claims were blocked from testifying.  Tyson was convicted because of his attitude, not evidence.
His defense team trying to paint him as a sex crazed animal wasn't exactly the brightest idea either
Except the part where he, you know, admits it and shit.
This is true. 
The part that happened in your imagination?  He has always maintained his innocence, and still does.  Quote from the 2011 documentary:
Shortly after that quote he says "I may have taken advantage of women but I never took advantage of her"
"Taken advantage of" is not "raped".  He banged a lot of chicks, and he acted like he cared about them long enough to get them in bed, then immediately ditched them without another word.  Lots of those women weren't happy about that.
He also beat his wife, Robin Givens, and admits that.
No, he admitted that his relationship with her was physically abusive in both directions.  Jumping to "beating" from "physically abusive" is deliberately painting things as extreme.  I'm not sure how him and his ex-wife's relationship being mutually abusive justifies his being convicted of an unrelated crime he almost certainly didn't commit.
First of all you haven't got a clue if he committed the crime or not..Second, he admitted hitting Robin.  I don't know who started it or what happened and neither do you but the man has clearly got some self-control issues..Like it or not, Tyson was convicted of rape.  That doesn't mean he might not be innocent but calling a possible rape victim a liar (when you haven't got a clue) is pretty disgusting.

 is that way 
So go, have fun!  :)
He's talking, correctly, about the circumstances around the case, and you're going to say it's disgusting and say . doesn't have a clue?.For your own safety, I'm going to ask you climb off your high horse, since it seems to be made of bullshit.
He stated that she wasn't raped.  You don't know that and he doesn't know that.
That is not "He didn't rape her".
It practically is..He has no idea of the "certainty".  He has no idea if she actually lied about a previous sexual assault and hugging and kissing someone doesn't mean they didn't rape you afterwards..Tyson was convicted by people who were presented with actual evidence and facts.  I'm more than willing to say that being found guilty doesn't make you guilty.  However he "almost certainly" called her a liar and I think that's disgusting.
She admitted she fabricated a previous rape claim..Tyson was convicted by people who were presented with no evidence, and only some of the facts.  Witnesses who contradict her story were blocked from testifying by the judge.

What?  Not forgive them?  .One of them was allowed to go back to the NFL, and the other has become a standard cameo in blockbuster releases.  .Nobody forgave them? Are you fucking clueless?

What, are you implying her fat butter ass isn't going to be back on TV in a few months? I give it 6.
Ehh, depends what you are calling "TV".  The Food Network is one of (total guess here) the top 10 or 15 network in the US.  Everybody and their fucking mother watches, or at least subscribes, to the Food Network.  .If she gets a show on some bullshit channel like Reelz or whatever, I wouldn't call that TV.
I don't watch TV myself but I just saw a clip to some late night show, don't remember which because like I said, I don't watch tv, anyways, the guy was talking about how she was their biggest cash cow. And that's true. Nobody really gives a shit about 90% of the food channel, they just want to see ramsey and Paula, that's it. If she stays off they're losing business and in a few months when everyone's forgot about it they'll give her a new contract, probably giving her a few cameos or something first to slowly reintroduce her, and then she'll be back to normal.
Was it Bill Burr on Conan? He talks about it.  . 
Yes, thank you!.Anyways, he was joking around obviously, but it had a lot of truth to it. It's been proven a million times over that we'll just forget and nobody will care when she gets a show again, just like Vick and Tyson..Hell, remember Kony 2012? What ever happened to that guy? Nobody you'll find on the street knows.
Comedians are meant to say the truth but in a light manner. Well, the great comedians can, that's what makes them great. You should watch more Bill Burr, you'll love the topics he touches on. .And yeah, I always thought Kony was dead and Invisible Children or whatever the name was was just a scam. 
I thought they offed Kony.......
Nope. And they suspended the manhunt for him. 
They went to jail for their crimes. They paid their debt to society. 
Ok, and your point is?
That they are allowed to continue living their lives...? How is letting them continue their career after they serve their time, "forgiving them"? It has nothing to do with forgiveness.
So why shouldn't they be allowed to work?
I know it's like people just think that after paying your debt to society in prison you can be allowed to work again sometime in your life. Wake up people!
Yeah but they're niggers
classic /pol/
Classic /k/
Classic /b/
Classic [score hidden]
Classic Brad.
Yeah no one forgave either of those two. They're still massive douches and they still get shit all the time.
What about Dez Bryant when he hit you?
Mike Tyson is not a douche nor rapist. 
Oh I'm so sad these people are giving me shit. Ill cry all the way to the bank. 
Dez is a model citizen.  His mom was a whore. This is well documented..
There is a chance she instigated and he had to throw a hat at her. 
I forgive Michael Vick. Not sure about Tyson, don't know enough about it.

And yet, Vick is a quarterback on an NFL team and has legions of adoring fans who don't give a shit whether he fought dogs or not. 
I mean, yeah clearly it was a dick move to fight dogs. He served his time, lost a lot of money, and seems completely genuinely apologetic about his decisions in the past, why is it so bad that he got a chance to reestablish his career? He's rather good at what he does. 
Actually he is widely known for being an underachieving punk. 
He will be cut this year. 
and he got two years in the pen.  Paula deen just got fired about a month before she would have been otherwise

This might be one of those crazy things you read on the internet, but didn't they also go to prison?
yeah tyson definitely was rejected in "the hangover"./s
Also at the Tony Awards
Comedy Central Roast, he basically helped Steve-o assault himself.  I'd be ok with getting paid for that.
I wish he had actually punched him though...
Fellow RVAer? Coincidence? da fuq.

Nobody forgave Mike Tyson? People basically revere him these days for his rag to riches story and his recovery from his old persona. A lot of people respect that guy. 
If you need to agree with 100% of what a person does for them to be inspirational you will be looking for a while.
Well for me, the woman he allegedly raped first went to his hotel room with just him. So I can't really know what happened, but it seems she put herself in a sexual situation to being with.
The rape situation is very unclear. He wouldn't be the first convicted rapist to have actually had consensual sex 
to riches for generations of bacteria in it too
Because he was able to accept and poke fun at himself
The Tyson documentary is really good, I like him because of that. That he loves doves is a plus.
I don't disagree with you. To err is human.
"It's impossible to forcibly rape a woman who chooses to be around you!" -- quadstack
I didn't say that at all. All I said was that if two people go to a hotel room together at night there are usually implications, which is true. The woman could have made a rape case for financial benefits knowing that Tyson was high profile. Same thing happened to Kobe. Kobe ended up paying the woman off just to end the debacle.
Dude bit a guy's ear off, too.
He was honored at the Tony's. And he was nominated for one I think.
Fuck, you bite one guy's ear off and you're forever known as the dude who bit that other dude's ear off.
To be fair though, he did bite that one dude's ear off.
To be fair, though, he didn't actually bite the ear off. Holyfield was illegally headbutting him during the match, and the ref wasn't stopping it, so when Holyfield tried it again, he bit him on the ear. 
Sure, but we should talk about the time he bit that dude's ear off.
For real I did not even know about that rape stuff, it's the first time I hear about it...so I guess most people forgave..I thought the craziest thing he did was bite off someones ear.
Same.
He is on a speaking tour that people pay good money to go see him. 
As well as a standup comedy tour not so long ago
Truly his jokes must sound much funnier than they actually are when spoken in his voice.
And the money he makes from his one man show goes straight to the IRS because of all his backed taxes. He literally sees none of it. His one man show is basically him just trying to pay off debt. Try to watch the recent HBO Real Sports about him. He's a pretty broken man. 
He mostly tells funny stories about his life back when he was a macho idiot, people like him because he know what he used to do was wrong and doesn't try and justify it

If money will help you when everyone hates you, you're devoid of all emotion.
Except Tyson is broke
lolno
Except he isnt. 
He's endorsing no-name brands in England too. I work for one of them and he'll do anything for a couple of quid like. 
and so is vick
Yes, and Vick did a few years in jail. Btw i have encountered Paula Deen in Savannah. Shes a rotten bitch and doesnt deserve her fame or riches anyways.
examples, please
Go on... 
He could still do it with 1's. 
It's been awhile since he 
For some reason his new drink "Black" is massively popular here in Poland..Every . has him in his flight captain suit and every tv is playing his commercial. I think he even spoke here a little bit ago..Not sure if it's everywhere or just Poland.
I fucking love poland and it's people. /Swede who visits poznan frequently.
It was so weird stepping out of the airport in Krakow to a full skyscraper sized advertisement of Mike Tyson selling a drink called "Black". Immediate Wtf Poland.
I'm not sure who they think our demographic is that our two leading advertising spokespersons are Mike Tyson and Chuck Norris..(and I guess Antonio Banderas, to a smaller extent)
but he could still punch you the fuck out.

So could Paula Deen.
That is a given.
She'd bite off your ear, wrap it in bacon and a stick of butter, deep fry it, sprinkle sprinkle it with icing sugar and scarf it down before you even knew what hit you.
And it would taste AMAZING.
U sick fuk, ears are gross
If you tried one you would suck a hobo's sweaty ballsack for a another bite. 
with a ham to the face
but not with a smithfield ham
Implying that Paula Deen isn't going to be back on TV in a few months. 
> implying
Implying implications


Op's a fag
Or that she's not already worth 16 million. Why is everyone crying about how she won't keep raking in millions every year from now on? She's got more than enough to live on.
Clearly she has been financially ruined forever, freedom of speech is dead (again), and we're not just looking for an excuse to be mad at politically correct people.
Nappy headed hoes
implying the corporate jews want to support summon labeled racist
Right?  Who would ever support summon like that?  Ewed have toby an idiot to hire summon labia-uled rays ist.
tons of jews on reddit. niggery and jewery everywhere.
jeggery. 
jiggery
Dock!
.....
Implying that both Michael Vick and Mike Tyson didn't spend several years in prison each.
Exactly. Look at Dog the Bounty hunter. He said some racist shit, and he's back on TV like three months later. Sure, Kramer was never heard from again after the stand-up incident, but fuck. Who had heard of that guy do anything since Seinfeld anyway?
Dog pretty much got the NAACP to flip the script on the whole thing and say, "you know what?  We overreacted, this wasn't racist."  Richards pretty much threw in the towel after his incident; he wasn't doing standup before Seinfeld and this seems like the kind of thing that would cause someone to never want to do it again afterwards. 
Richards could get back into it, but he doesn't want to.  Jerry tries to get him to do comedy again, but I think the whole experience affected him a lot.
Why did he even say those things ? Its like all of a sudden
The explanation I saw was he was being heckled and he got frustrated and thought people would get a laugh out of it.  Usually if you attack a heckler in a funny and insulting way it works out for you but his attack just wasn't clever.
Yeah, that "Comedians In Cars Getting Coffee" really touched my heart.
Yeah he did at least one episode of Curb Your Enthusiasm after that incident.
Here's the thing:  Her contracts with food network were already in jeoprody. .Everyone claiming they let her go . because of this scandal are idiots.  Its the media (and the general public) falsely equating 2 things..The only way you can get to "deemed to be totally unforgivable scum of the earth" is to not realize she was already on a huge downward spiral before all this. 
TIL I'm unforgivable scum because I don't pay attention to the behind the scenes goings on of the food network. 
The context.... you missed it.... .I was referring to the image in OP's post.   What i actually meant was: The only reason anyone would reach the conclusion that Paula Dean is "unforgivable scum" (op's image's words, not mine) based on this even alone, are people who don't realize that she's been on a downward spiral for a while. Not at all what you seem to think I meant..Re-read OP's image, then my post... you'll get it. 
The only unforgivable crime in the entertainment industry is not being profitable. 
Like I give a fuck about Paula Deen's job security the fuck you sayin' nigga.
I couldn't agree more, but the facts are the facts. 
Not to mention that people have been grumbling for years that Paula Deen's cooking epitomizes all that is wrong with the food consumption habits in Western Civilization.  It's just gobs of fat and calories and made with a big old aw shucks smile.  Then she contracted diabetes a few years back and said nothing about it until she signed a contract with a diabetes drug manufacturer to hawk their medication for them in the name of a phony shift towards a more healthy-minded kind of cooking..In many ways I see the downfall of Paula Deen as part of an ongoing process in which we're slowly trying to rid ourselves of the worst parts of what our culture has produced that still sort of haunt us -- racism, obesity, and public people who try to hide too much of who they really are.  Of course, I'm making some generalizations and it might be a bit unfair to Paula Deen to say that she embodies all that is bad about our culture.  But, well, she sort of does embody these things more than most people.  And I can't feel bad for a multimillionaire who has lost . of her sources of income because people have decided that her brand is tarnished (not just by racism, as you say, but by a general decline in audience interest in her, as demonstrated by TV ratings and other things).
She embodies the worst? I said this in a previous comment, but she is in an industry where you make money off of your name, an industry that is fleeting and fickle. She has every right to decide how to announce she has diabetes and if she gets paid for it or not. I see it no different than a skinny chef hawking weight loss foods that are laden in sodium and other unhealthy ingredients. But it bothers people to see a fat woman doing it, because fat is despised. .Obesity is not even CLOSE to being rid of in our culture, we haven't even scratched the surface. What bothers me more is watching some skinny twig making clearly unhealthy food, taking a tiny bite and acting like she would EVER eat that. THAT is hiding the reality of who you are. You look at Paula Deen, her weight, her husband's weight, and would you think to yourself, yup I'm eating what she's cooking, everyday? I have to say, I'm a health conscious eater and an occasional watcher of the Food Network. There are a few Paula Deen recipes that I have watched her cook, sought out the recipe and made the changes to make it fit my lifestyle. I guess I just don't understand the backlash. 
She has every right to decide how she has diabetes...and certain members of the public have every right to criticize her for this, to reject her brand, to reject what they feel she represents (even if it's not entirely fair)  Others have the right to continue loving her.  I would suggest that the latter group is shrinking, however, and the former group is growing..I never said that we're close to ridding ourselves of obesity.  I'm hypothesizing that a lot of people are rejecting the lifestyle that surrounds the culture of food consumption that has lead to massive increases in the obesity rate, and that Paula Deen partly represents that culture..I guess the most important thing I would say is that I'm not even trying to make a judgement of Paula Deen.  I know that my judgement of her is not going to change that some people like her and some don't.  I'm just trying to describe part of what I see happening as she loses her career.  To me, it's a rejection of not just her as a possible closet racist, but more generally it's a rejection of the way she represents indulgence without discussion of the health consequences of it.  I understand that she has done some things to change that, but it has already been established that she represents gluttony within the popular food culture.
Can you elaborate more on her pre-existing downward spiral? I'm curious..
What about how she had diabetes and was still peddling garbage food on ppl?
I know that the bitch got diabeetus and kept it a secret for years so that she could keep peddling her fuckin sweets to the masses..Then when she finally did tell people, she says pity me, pity me, and the fuckin sheep still eat it up.  Literally and figuratively. 
That was my exact impression of her Today show interview. When asked about if she thought "African American people found the n word offensive".She turned it around about how it hurts her to hear that word from her kitchen staff. Matt gave her the set up for a very public apology and she made it all about how that word hurts her. That was the point to me I thought she seems more upset about the bad publicity than her actions.
Diabeetus.
"Diabeetus" You just made my day.
 diabeetus
She suffered big backlash last year with her hidden diabetes and drug endorsement, after pushing sugary foods that could lead others to the disease.  I'm sure it hurt ratings, but my cursory google search just lead me to discover that she lost the diabetes drug endorsement due to the race scandal.  She would've been able to pull through one or the other, but not both.
I was listening to NPR's "Tell Me More" about this, and one of the guests said that Deen's ratings on Food Network were already bad and sinking further. Basically Food Network saw a reason to get rid of her and look good while doing it. 
Her time slot was really terrible, I'm an avid watcher of food network , I really liked her show but food network has followed the status quo and filled the prime time slots with reality-ish cooking shows. (To be fair much much better reality shows.)
Yeah. I don't know as much about the story as you do..But I'm sure the situation is exactly as you describe, and anyone who couldn't predict that (from a mile away) doesn't know how the world works..It was blatantly obvious that her termination was based on her performance. If the Paula Deen franchise was a cash cow, Food Network would have fought to smooth out her PR situation instead of dropping her immediately.
Oh cool, I'm glad to get the perspective who is even more informed that I am. Didn't she have a mid-afternoon type of slot? Like 2pm-4pm? That makes a lot of sense, but how did she get so popular in the first place? Did she always have that slot? 
Not to mention her whole scumbaggery around "I'm not going to tell people I have diabeetus until I sign a spokesperson deal with Big Pharma."
Yeah, that one really bothered me.  It's not just about her own personal health issues, it's about promoting a lifestyle that puts others in potentially serious danger.  
How is it scumbaggery? She is in the profession of making money off her name, in an industry that is fleeting. She has every right to decide how to announce she has whatever illness she has and make whatever she wants off of it. Are there people who looked at Paula's big belly, her love of unhealthy food and thought that she was healthy??? C'mon now. 
She is a chef, cooking shit on TV, and hiding the fact that she was diagnosed with diabetes because of the shit she ate that was what she was cooking on TV. And she hid it until she signed the spox deal. That's being a scumbag. If she had said, "I have diabeetus" and then six months later started pitching whatever bullshit med she was on that's one thing..Anyone with a brain knows her food is probably terrible for us even in moderation. But she never said anything about moderation on her show. Just acted like you could eat fried twinkies every day and nothing bad'll happen..Then she gets diagnosed with diabetes and sits on the information. Which you're arguing is within her right..But that's like saying that I'm hosting a show about cigarettes and I get COPD and then don't mention it until I go to a COPD pharma company and offer to pitch their COPD meds. Because, who's a better pitchman than a guy with COPD on a show about cigarettes? 
there is only so much you can make with fried butter.
You mean fried budder
We's gonna frah up summa dis heah buhder raht nah
Bitch. You can make everything with fried butter. 
Yes. But can you see why kids love cinnamon toast crunch?
Probably has fried butter in it. 
They also replaced her with Giada, a rising Food Network star who they had already been pushing as her successor. The Deen market was a sinking ship because of the country's increasingly health-conscious diet as well. 
Didn't Deen also face some backlash after she admitted she was a diabetic and had been for a few years too?
Rising?  I always thought Giada was a well-established, top level star, alongside Paula and Bobby Flay.
A rising star?  Giada has been on Food Network for a long time with multiple shows.  I wouldn't call her a rising star.  Besides, the public will love her for awhile longer and then toss her too.  Just like Paula.  Look at Emeril.  At one time he had three or for thousand shows now I think he is down to one afternoon show.  .Audiences have short attention spans and are fickle.
Giadas got quite the pair of hooters.
Giada also has a goddamn culinary degree. 
Just listen to how she pronounces spaghetti. You just know she's educated.
And a big head too. I-if thats what you are into.
I can't get past how massive her head is, especially in comparison to her petite frame. 
Her smile is freakin' huge too. She had her face on the cover of Food Network's magazine. no joke, her smile stretched from edge to edge of the cover
She looks deranged when she smiles! 
She's got big breasts too
They arent that big. She just wears the right bras and blouses to make them look more delicious than anything she cooks.
I think it should also be noted that she did more than call an attempted robber something racist... She was also ., which I believe is where the . employee felt the need to say something and file the law suit. So, you know, just maybe a bit more overt than originally thought.
To be fair, that sounds like a pretty awesome wedding party.
So edgy! 
She's implying back when black folk would tap dance and work for the happiness of the good old white man were the good ole days. Not calling some douche a nigger. 
I'm not sure I understand the point you're trying to make...  .In any case, if you're suggestion Paula wasn't being racist with a slavery themed wedding, I don't see there being much of a case there. Maybe my standards are messed up, but I don't know that there would be such a big story here if it was just that she referred to her attempted robber in a derogatory term.  .Then again, I'm not sure why the Cleveland Indians is a racist team name but the Notre Dame Fighting Irish is just fine. 
I think most, if not all, of the claims are bull, except for the Redskins. Seriously, guys? Judge not by the color of their skin, but they racist.
No I'm saying the way she described how she wanted her wedding to be like the good ole days its more detrimental because its not just a word attacking a group of people it's a genuinely detrimental feeling and attitude towards a group of people 
Ah, that makes sense and I totally agree. Thanks for clarifying!

Goddamn I am so in love with Giada and her 
Aw, what the fuck.
Jebus! :0
I shall find a bed and crawl under it.
I always love how she'd spend 10 minutes of her 22 minute episodes on shots of her and her friends doing yoga.
In love with her tits...and rachel ray's ass..which they would never pan the camera so much to show that glorious booty on her cooking show
She so does. 
that soulless shell with a fake smile, and obvious forced personality and quirks of Tom Cruise is what inspired Christian bale to portray . as a Soulless shell with a fake smile, Forced Personality and quirks..hell, in the book PB meets Tom Cruise
what the fuck they made a full movie about dubs guy?
Come on, Giadia's front right tooth is not in the center of her mouth.
That book made me super uncomfortable to read, which is why I like it so much. The way it's written, ugh, it's like you're inside his head. Pages and pages of minute detail about business cards. .And power drills through people's teeth.
and the rats.....AND THE ZOO! oh god... the zoo


That was a risky click. Was actually disappointed.
I was pleasantly disappointed.
Let's play click the sketchy link at work! 
you're on ..
I just had to double check that statement was true being that most of the comments up to here were relevant, informative and topical. I was actually surprised
gotta live on the edge.
Well worth the click and chuckle

Amazing
Bill Burr, .. 
that look
Bill Burr is absolutely amazing, here is one of my favorites: 
There's something wrong with your link. At the end where he's talking about how to argue, it skips about a minute and goes straight to "who cares? You rub one out. . .".Here's the rest: 
Wow I knew that guy was funny but not THAT funny. Thanks for posting.

This is my .. Always hated that song and have made pretty much the exact same rant to people about it.
yeah Vick went to jail... 
And still plays football and makes millions
Mike Vick lost his entire life, went to jail and was written off and forgotten.   Then years later he changed his entire outlook on life,  fought his way back to be a better man and football player than he ever had been prior.   I'm not condoning what he did,  but there aren't many other better examples of people turning their life around.   .Personally, after losing fame fortune and respect of that level,  I would have jumped off a bridge. 
And lost every single dime he had. Every. Last. Penny. What he did was horrible but animal abusers elsewhere go to jail for a few months if that. He got the Martha Stewart treatment where he was made an example of as a celebrity offender. .He stayed in shape in jail, the Eagles gave him a chance on a shitty contract, and he waited a year and a half for his chance. He performed well for a year, got his ridiculous overpaying contract, and received his redemption. He still has no control over his money and is afforded an allowance by the court while he pays back millions in debts.
Lost every single dime he had? Do you mean lost all his contracts for the potential money he could earn or are you saying he was fined so heavily for his crime that it wiped him out financially..Unless money was actually taken from him by the government for his crime and it wasn't just that he couldn't earn more money in while in jail and had spent his previous money, I wouldn't say he lost everything.
Who gives a shit...he kille mangy ass dogs...not sentient life forms...
He was fined millions. He lost every dime he had. He's still paying it back and all the money he does make now goes straight to the court where they pay him an "allowance" for living and bills. The rest of it goes to paying back his debts. Until he signed a huge contract with the eagles, he played for 2 years on next to nothing. Granted, he's now doing just fine (signed a $100 mil contract) and his allowance is more than most of us make in a year...but still. That's what talent gets you.
yeah I was going to say, I feel that Vick is paying back his debt to society and also genuinely feels ashamed of what he did. 
No doubt, and without actually defending what he did, this was commonplace where Vick grew up. He was raised around dog-fighting and didn't think of it as we (outsiders) do. It's like any other practise that is common in another country, that we would find strange/cruel/unusual. He paid his debts, literally, and should ultimately be forgiven. 
Typically I wouldn't agree to this because of the animal abuse but he did shape his shit right up and hasn't been back to prison. That says more than most of the celebrity shittards out there.
Which is precisely what the short-term incarceration system is all about. He's done his time. I don't like him as a football player, but I can say as an Eagles fan he is all over Philly all year doing charity events and spending time with animal rights groups. Sure, you can say that's contrived but he's still doing his job. 
Hmmm a little googling doesn't agree with what you are saying and agrees more with what I thought was the case. Michael Vick didn't have everything taken away from him, he spent money like it was going out of style akin to many professional athletes and had to declare bankruptcy when the money stopped coming in. The actual fines for his crime in no way broke his bank account..

What about NFL fines? 
No. You simply dissected the article and only took what you wanted. Before prison, Vick was one of the highest paid athletes in all of professional sports. Like many athletes with little to no true college education, he received and followed through on several poor examples of business advice. He took out loans to start a car rental service, for instance. That's $6 million right there. Some sports marketing agency he barely used also charged him $5 million in fees. When he went to jail, there was a legal orgy of groups and individuals shooting layups in court and asking for more and more of his money while he was viewed as the scum of the Earth and helpless behind bars. He lost his ability to play football, all of his endorsements, and every source of income he had. .When he got out of prison his bank account was essentially empty and he still owed millions. His crime also took away his ability to make money, and that's what you're forgetting. He never lost touch with his goal, worked out and stayed in shape, and got a big contract. Prison is about punishment and redemption. He did his time and figured it out. He's still paying back the money he owes. It's not just that he was spending money like it was going out of style..I'm an Eagles fan, and as a fan I'd personally drive Vick across country just to get him off my team. I don't think he's a very good quarterback. That doesn't mean I'm unwilling to accept the fact that he made a mistake, spent two years in jail, and is now getting his second chance. What he did was fucked up. No doubt. But he was punished for his crimes, in more ways than one.
i'd like to read your sources.
Those are not examples of the government taking money from him and him being wiped out for his crime. You didn't bother to read my comment did you?.Had you bothered to read my comment you would have realized everything you just wrote supports exactly what I was saying. It wasn't the punishment for the crime directly that wiped him out financially. It was his poor spending with the mindset that the money would never stop coming in again leading to bad decisions. It's a very common mindset among professional athletes. He left himself liable for debts and no longer had an income..That is far different from the government taking every penny as a fine for his crime..Had he not made poor business decisions and spent so lavishly he could have still been a very rich man while serving his time and after being released..Since there is nothing in those articles that goes against what I was looking for wtf is your point? It's not like there was anything in those articles that contradicts my point..He wiped himself out it's that simple.
You said "No" and then said more or less what dademurphie was implying. His lavish lifestyle with a lot of loans + his inability to earn = bankrupcy ... not the court fines.
Thank you, I thought it was pretty simple.  
And thus dademurphie was left speechless.

He "made a mistake"? He ran a dog fighting ring. You don't accidentally trip down your basement stares and make a dog fighting ring. You spend serious money, and you have malicious intent to force dogs to try and kill each other. That's not a "made a mistake" moment. That's a "you're a terrible fucking person" moment. And the united states jail system is not about redemption. Punishment, yes, but not redemption. It doesn't rehabilitate, it actually often creates criminals far worse than when they got in. The only reason he went to jail is because he was caught. It wasn't because he admitted it, it wasn't because he turned himself in, it was because he was caught and forced to. I honestly don't believe someone who does something as shitty as he did would after two years of jail completely feel his actions were wrong, I think he felt getting caught sucked, and he didn't want it to happen again.
"Creates criminals far worse" do you think it tries to make worse criminals? Of course they're trying to punish AND rehab their criminals so that they can stay out of jail and get back into society
I'd rather not get into this argument. I was perhaps antagonistic in my response, I'll admit, but if you do some research into the united states jail system, you might be surprised.
You'll find many practices of US prisons are punitive to the detriment of rehabilitation. 
So did Tyson.
I feel sorry for Tyson.I don't feel like he did that I mean he could have fucked many bitches at that time and they would be giving themselves to him for free so why on earth would he have to rape one?
It wasn't rape rape?  
It's probably easier for guys who are used to being told "no".
All I remember is she went to his Hotel room at 3am.  .What the fuck else was going to happen? Scrabble? 
Yeah, what else could he have done besides rape her?
Well I don't really know what happened in that car just as all of us but I don't know i just got that feel.
He's black.
Because rape isn't about having sex with a beautiful woman or a woman that loves you.  It's about power.  Models and ladies you think are pretty aren't the only ones getting raped, it's the elderly, the handicapped, the mentally ill, the homeless, the fat, the skinny, etc.    
Edit: I suspect it started with an interaction like the one at 3:00.
What is a Semi-Good husband? I only beat her on the Weekends?
God damn, he's a fucking psycho. 
Sane people don't bite off other people's ears.
Unless it's a movie.
@ 7m42s: "I'm a nigga...I'm not saying I'm like a black person...I'm a street person, and I don't even like being a street person...the tragedies in life made me that way...[but] your grandkids are gonna know about me.".Interesting juxtaposition of self-loathing and self-assurance, of self-awareness and the deflection of personal responsibility at the same time, all in one interview. Straight talk and bullshit all rolled into one raging ball of raw physical power. It's no wonder he's famous.
instinct

That shit isn't what Scientology is...
Close enough.
I coulda swore fishing was them eating the worm 
No, that's "catfishing."
Or the Rusty Hook. Or, no, the finger goes in the butt first....
I would beat the shit out of OP if i heard he did that to some chick at school or a bar. Violent white knight gets the babe and the satisfaction of publicly shaming some turd.
I almost don't believe it because no-one would dare fucking do that. That shit will get you killed. 
i still don't understandthis hooking concept
You stick your finger in them. Make a hook shape with your finger. Pull them with said hook in their vajayjay. Okay?
What are you, twelve?
No I just wanted to use that in sentence for once.
k
Fuck you, vajayjay is fun to say. Faggot.
Can you be any more retarded?
It only doesn't work if you are ugly. Sorry it hasn't worked for you buddy. Lay off the DL3 and go for a run.
I'm ugly yeah, but I still have a girlfriend for a few years now and she isn't ugly. And I have never tried it myself since I've seen a lot of guys go down hard that way. It's better to learn from someone else's mistakes than your own.
I can't make fun of an honest response, however I can tell you I have gotten it to work before. The key is brushing it off as a good deed you would do for anyone, give her your number and leave. If she doesn't call, oh well, you still go to kick someone's ass with a clean conscience. Congrats with tagging something nice.
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha.
You got slayed 
List of things that didn't happen:
This.
Well shit. I honestly believed a guy drunkenly dragged a woman around his room, by her pussy, with his finger.
Literally this.
Copypasta dumbasses
delete this pls
Are you OP in that picture?
No, I just feel that this post takes up space. 
All these upvotes feel otherwise
Why?
It's rather inane. By rather, I mean very.
Dont worry bro, he's just jealous he cant get his OP level as high as you can.

Why not just drink a vat of Magic Johnson's blood while you're at it
/b/....full of winners those people...
He's a dumb enough mother fucker to give that job to.
[deleted]
As a man who loves eating pussy, that job would be fucking disgusting. Enjoy eating the cum of other dudes out of some girls pussy cause he accidentally blew his load early. Anyways, porn stars have disgusting infected pussies.
You're a fucking idiot, kill yourself 
Actually pornstars go through so many health checks they are statistically safer than your average person.
for the major things, so sure you are not getting aids or syphilis, but what about herpes and that shit?
He was some what right until the last sentance
Do you know how a girl works virginfag?
He deleted it what did he say?
[deleted]
Virginfag is one f the nicer words you'll encounter here. Newfag. 
Y'all be nice
Do you know how erections work virginfag?
I'll be sure to do that virgin niggerfag
I'm going to need to know what the deleted comments were.
/b/ flair
And he's the virgin.
touche
1(1|0)
Traps. They're everywhere.
Lol wat
An uneditreddit bot? Awesome!
Why would he delete that? Pretty funny.

I prefer using 
I am an oldfag and I get this
ok
I don't get it
I don't get it but I laughed. I am really getting retarded...
curse of /b/
newfag here whats this about
Slightly less newfag, no idea..
.
Its campbells soup.
An art
Andy warhol thaught me well
It is.
Porn actresses don't need to be aroused to get fucked. That's what the spit is for.
your telling me you would willingly eat a pussy that is being raw dogged mid scene to keep her ready to go. fuck that shit
That's what dental dams are for
Not really eating diddly squat or fuck all then are you?
No? 
i would
Today his ass can experience dicks growing 4 times their original size.

You don't say!
Fucking -> Suicide.
maximum overfeel
doesn't matter had sex
well...that escalated quickly 
OP Ruined Amy's life, not his own.
 it happened the aunt ruined her life not OP.
The neighbor ruined her life, not the aunt. 
The life ruined her aunt, Op.
All I know is SOMEBODY FUCKED UP and it wasn't OP. For once. 
I guess I'm the only one who got half a story? 
If youre on alienblue with it optimized only 4 show up. Visit on safari or chrome for the 5th.
Can you not see some of the images or something? 
Yeah that was the problem 
As always, assuming true:.Sad story. However, aunt was wrong to blame anon. Poor girl had other issues. Losing anon might have been the final straw, but there was something else there..Also, fuck that neighbor. 
The neighbor should have been arrested for serving alcohol to minors and giving them weed.
Why would she kill herself?
Damn. Was expecting copypasta ending. Left with feels ;_;
Wow. By the end that was the most shameful boner I've had.
This neighbor is one sadistic motherfucker.
He should have been arrested for giving liquor to minors and giving them bud.
Woah, that was unexpected. 
Gives liquor to confused minors then comes back to watch them bang.  Tells them afterward that they're bad people and rats on them.  That's some serious scumbaggery
The first rule of bangin relatives is to not get caught.
Freakin Lannisters, man.

What the fuck, OP.
Didn't happen, though, so don't feel too cut up for her.
Hueheueheuehueueheue
That was a very sad story.  I don't know how to feel about it, really.  Just sad.
I came here for lols. Found no lols
Damn son. Part of me is glad he didn't walk the dinosaur, the rest kinda wished he had.
Best way to put it, samesies
samesies
Feels and boner. Not sure what to do. 
SAME!
Dammit. Same here.
You know exactly what to do.
Neighbor is moralfggt
Are we going to make it?
qq who is zyzz? 
never been into /fit/
I think that has happened before too..Zyzz is resurrected all the time.
holy shit.
Probably someone who's fit..
He used to be the king of /fit/, then died due to a heart condition at the age of 22 in a sauna. 
Thread is still up guys!
boards.4chan.org/fit/res/20899000#p20900000
You'll be OK.
But he's not...
My dad died at the age of 22 from a heart condition....
If you're claiming your father to be zyzz I'm gonna need some more evidence. 
Damn I was hoping there would be a detailed shrek rape.
Same here, although I'm not willing to call OP a complete faggot just yet. That post was actually quite nice. 
Ah, haven't heard any ogrely good tales of Lord Shrek lately, I am pleased to have read your bard.
Why don't these people just go to teen clubs during summer instead?
Xbone will make a better America bomb.
Hundreds of thousands perish.
Thousands suffer.O_o
Do people really think this is going to happen? What a joke.
10/10 would preorder
Well, that got dark as fuck.
Solid 9/10


No love for nagasaki
This sounds like an episode of Doctor Who or Torchwood.
Did the thread 404 yet?
Brb, cancelling my PS4 preorder
FUCK YOOOUUU CHICKEN AND COW!!!
Fuck you dolphin
Revenge is not a profitable enterprise
Beautiful. 10/10.
10/10 would watch movie and maybe read book 
????
Chinpokomon?
i aint even mad doe
Well I wi no longer be getting a ps4 and that is not a joke
that would be rather vindictive 

fucking awesome
The East remembers.
Still better than having an Xbone.
this is funny, I remember writing a marijuana-induced essay about how the Playstation (I forgot which) was ment to control American minds or something a long those lines several years back.
This is priceless.Reading this at work and I laughed really hard and everyone just stared at me
Alert DHS!  I knew you couldn't trust them slanties.
This sounds like something you'd see at the end of an episode of anime or chapter of manga.
Tfw nobody realizes dreamcast is master race
DIE AMERICUN PIGUU

The hundred dollar price difference would definitely have an impact on sales. Yeah, casuals don't give a shit about the DRM, but I bet more will buy the cheaper console.
I used to do something related to that story, but then I took a > to the knee!
Really I don't get the whole fight about this. It's like $1000 total to get both systems and a cool game for both. You can't be that poor. 
Actually you definitely can be.
Well then stop playing video games and get a job.
hahaha,, nice! thats a pretty fucked up apocolypse i was hoping for zombies.. but.. death by consoles.. shit..
4chan and Reddit think their opinion matters in the grand scheme. 
Dammit, you beat me to it.
[deleted]
No F2P MMOs on the PS4, you're out of luck.
buuuuuuurn
[deleted]
I bet you're fun at parties. 
I'm on r/4chan. Do you think I go to parties?
looooooooooool
It probably will. I owned an original Xbox and a 360, and I'm not getting the One because... Well it's just not very good.
that was awesome.
because fuck Nagasaki
Hiroshima has jack shit on the firebombings that preceded it.  
Shit, when Infamous and Killzone are the best exclusives they can offer it almost cancels out the PS4's superiority over the XB1.
Who cares about playing an epic game like Titanfall when you can do your weird gliding thing around a generic city in Infamous 3.
Or you could say fuck online matchmaking multiplayer because it's stale.
...would bang
I would
Fucka you dolphin! And fucka you whale!


I wish I had a copmuter so they'd stop telling me to put my pants back on.
Kinda sounds like something out of Shadowrun.
I want shadow run 2
Genesis or SNES?.Shadowrun Returns will be out soon!
Xbox 
snes. It was weird, I had a localised version of that game in Swedish as a kid, which is really, really strange (hardly anything but kids stuff get dubbed here).Suffice to say, I never got to explore a cyberpunk rpg like that afterwards..
no, would link but I'd be a faggot
Well the Japanese did invent video games to make Americans fat and lazy and give kids anxiety issues as revenge for dropping the bomb.
im pretty sure americans invented video games.  the magnavox odyssey, tennis for two, and pong are american.
Sure but they didn't make them big and popular. Nintendo made the industry a juggernaut it is today.
Its like seeing a once great king in his old age.
Unfortunately, their plan had some second and third order effects. They helped raise a generation of beta men and accelerated the decrease in birth rates. Pure ethnic Japanese due to become extinct by 2130.
10/10
nice try microsoft 
[deleted]
Bill Gates is king?

Nigger do you even linux
Pearl Harbor 2: Killzone Boogaloo

brilliant.

". 'your in my computer! Don't go messing with my very secure and personal operating system..!'
'For the love of God... YOU OWN A LINUX!!!'"- codeMENT
Steam to linux are you there? Oh wait games on linux still blow.
Ubuntu has steam(yes limited selection) as well as a few marketplace games that don't suck cock. .Also WINE does a decent job of emulating windows programs.
SuperTux 4ever!
Yeah, if all you play are Valve games and Humble Bundle stuff.
"limited selection"."a few marketplace games that don't suck"."WINE does a decent job"
Better than getting spied on >_<
No it's not..Also, I hope you don't use the internet because then you're already being spied on by the NSA.
Don't worry, I haven't been on the internet in years.
You are insignificant..No one cares about what you do. Probably not even you.
Its true.
Wow I dunno why I wrote such a cunty reply..Sorry mate, must be on the rag.
You will get spied on no matter what.
Posted from his smartphone, that tracks his location and activity.


*Loosely translated from Japanese.

Computer nerds sure do love their numbers.





poland got nuked?
something something 
No one even cares, bro
I'm not sure, but he might be referencing a lack of acknowledgement of the Polish plight during WW2. That's just a guess based on a lack of discourse though. I'm not sure if Poland gets swept under the rug or overlooked more often.
It's easy to sweep ashes under the rug
What's a poland?
Pole here, we put up a really good fight relatively speaking, but still got wrecked in six weeks because LOLRUSSIA and LOLGERMANY. Poles have a chip on their shoulder because WW2 was absolutely terrible for them, but on a large scale there just isn't that much to historically focus on. 
I love your country.
Chip and shoulder asider you gals and guys still tend to be fucking awesome and friendly.
Poor old Poland.. everyone has dicked Poland at some point. Aren't you the most invaded country in the world, or something like that? Even the Mongols got there.. 
Belgium.
Yeah.. but Belgium can hardly call itself a country these days, seriously. Do they have a government yet?
I think so. Still, Belgium only made chocolate to appease invaders.
'What is Belgium famous for..? Chocolate and paedophiles.. they only made the chocolate to attract all the children'.-Colin Farrell's character 'Ray' in In Brugges
No, your mother is.
Your username...
What about his grandma?
So brave, so clever.. 
That's my territory.
That's our mystery.
Blitzkrieg doe.
I too took high school History.
Russian human wave doe.
As did I, my Pikminious friend.
Bro, do you even Blitz?
How could you forget about that?





*

>




Emerging from their basement lairs into the surrounding ashes, the members of the PC master race see sunlight for the first time in untold years, looking upon the brave new world about to take shape, a world where developers are no longer restricted by static hardware limitations. The age of casuals has come to an end. The calendar starts over at year 1, Post-Console, 1 P.C.
Damn. That's an awesome pun, well done.
There isn't much to predict when there's a poster going around the web saying a release date for 11/13/13
half life 3 was real life
I love you
Thankfully no PS4's near me. Lol. This is why you buy American. 

Fortunately, all those post-apocalyptic first-person shooter games have prepared us well. It's every man for themselves!
Here's an up vote. You've earned it. 
This literally gave me chills.
Hey, Mr. Ninja, did you by any chance ever play Garry's Mod?
Yeah, even the name "PC" could means Post-Console.
YOU DON'T SAY

So hows being watched by kinect going? lol jk I'm an Xbox 360 fag.
Where is . when you need him?!

They should make this into a game.
A game about...gamers playing games?.Gameception?
World of World of Warcraft

A game about a world...with no games. A true survival horror.
Shut up, he's just making a fucking story. Take your butthurt elsewhere.
but if he takes the butthurt away, how shall we feed?
XBox 360/PS3/Wii U available, later it will be ported on PC
Wtf's a Wii U?


Rejoice in our lord Gaben.. 
is that gabe ?
Yes, it is our saviour.
/fit/ meets /v/
You neckbeards would starve to death within the first year. Your mothers were upstairs with your little brother when the PS4 blew and there is nobody to feed you now.
wow. .To be part of the Pc master race you need a pretty good computer not a pc that barely run crysis and the only use is facebook. If it was the case every facebook casual would be part of the glorious master race. You need a custom build +$2500 pc to enter the master race and you won't get this money being a neckbeard living in a basement you need a real job.(Unless you are rich, fuck you).EDIT: I guess people can't get a joke.
dumb fuck is dumb.
can order dominoes on the internet, you stupid bitch

1/10 checking in.
No, you're 5!
Na, I've got guns, automotive repair skills from working as a mechanic (all the way from electrical diagnosis to engine rebuilding), and real life friends to top it off. 
Yes but bro. Do you even lift?
I have in the past, though it wouldn't be a bad idea to get back in the gym. 
Good plan! There won't be any exploding consoles there either.
This is the only thing that makes this whole story implausible.
nigger you got ripped off
Oh for fuck sake. Get out. Out!
You forget that their diet consists of nothing but frozen food and deliveries.
....how did you know?
How do I order pizza without a console?!

pizza guys aren't payed enough to afford a console.
/pizza
I usually just yell at my mom to do it. Maybe she has a console?
But they all live with their parents.
Please, PCs had pizza ordering long before consoles.
Wait, wut?.Britfag here, we can't order pizza on our xboxes... You have a takeaway app for the 360 in the states?
Uh, why not just use the web browser?

yup. sadly it's only for Pizza Hut.
Well you can use ie to order.
It would take 4 years to arrive though.
Psh, yeah, if you want some . pizza where you can customize the toppings, or order various sizes according to how much you want to spend and how hungry you are.
Yeah but most people just use their gun to signal the pizza delivery place.
Lol TIL tucker chapman from texas shoots a shotgun out his bedroom window screaming 'CAN SOMEBODY DELIVAR SOME CORN DAWGS', and gets fed. 
You should try it sometime... oh wait, your Reptilian queen won't let you.
Well actually shes part werewolf but....
Well yeah, that and the fact we just use phones.
Nigger please, my ramen-noodle-boiling capabilities are the stuff of legend.
The way I roll hotdogs will be talked about for a millennia.
Ha! That's funny because Scurvy
Citrus cures scurvy, Mt. Dew is a citrus drink, ergo we'll be fine. I assume anyway, since like most neckbeards I've never read a nutrition label in my life. The logic checks out though.
Xbox users should be good here too, because of all the verification cans they'll have to consume.
Mt. Dew is 105% juice. That extra 5% is Halo 4 double experience points. 
10/10 would buy book of this
brb
It's one chapter long and outlines how the reclusive neckbeards are unable to fend for themselves and quickly die off.
Their slow decent into their graves would make for a good book. 
aspergers/10 would watch direct-to-Netflix movie starring Robert Pattinson and Jennifer Lopez
shutthefuckup/10
Jennifer Lawrence*
Netflix shut down due to lack of consoles to stream on. Youtube evolves accordingly.
Phones, tablets, Apple tv/ Rokus .Boom. 
Netflix is online, ya dingus!
paying to use netflix on a computer is like fucking a tranny without jerking her off.
_
I feel like I'm doing something wrong, now.
explain the correlation, please....sllllowly and in graphic detail
How so? I fail to see what makes console Netflix better than PC Netflix. It's not like you can't watch it through a TV without a console..I can understand the whole piracy "everything is free for PC" argument, but convenience and legality are enough to keep Netflix alive alone.  
Console netflix gives the user the navigation experience hell that just isn't available on PC.
Plus the XBOX Netflix interface is fucking shitty. At least on the browser it has actual genres to search through, not just the retarded "Romantic Revenge Movies starring a Belgian Woman" bullshit that the XBOX throws up.
It's still better than the PS3 interface.
If you like a shitty way to search for movies, the console should be your first purchase. Then you would simply pay 60 dollars a year for xbone live gold on top of the 104 dollars a year Netflix already costs. Why would you watch Netflix anywhere else?
812=\=104
812=96
Taxes and such.
Why do people insist on paying $104 for a movie service. Yes, I have Netflix but I split it with my cousins. 3 families and 1 subscriber. $35 a year. 
Thing is though, Xbox has way more selections. I found American Psycho on my xbox and when I searched for it on my phone, it didn't even come up.
That doesn't really make any sense.

Not owning a 60" Samsung LED with gigabit & built in Netflix app. 
Fuckin plebs
Wut. 
Can <> can't. .I shit the bed. 

I watch it on my Nexus 7. 
[deleted]
[deleted]

I actually have a TV that can stream Netflix...
I don't use it, but the feature is there.
Could have just said "phone".Edit: fuck. 
Its a phablet, dingus.

[deleted]
It's not a phone.


But then you wouldn't know what phone he had. Is that really a world you want to live in?.Sent from my iPhone 4S
That could imply iPhone 

be canadian. drinking an fucking 18+ bitches since 18
i just used a hairdryer to heat my drivers license up, peeled that shit off CAREFULLY BRO SERIOUSLY DO NOT FUCK UP THE LAMINATION and then scratched the 8 to a 6 in my dob, CAREFULLY BRO DO NOT MESS THIS UP EITHER i then put the laminate back on and heated it again and then put it back in my wallet
What's the guy with the cigarette from?
My dad told me a story about how he pulled a similar move using his late older brother's ID when he was 18.
My dad found an ID with all of his information but his younger brothers picture like 20 years later.
OP PLEASE READ: .Do you have family from Connecticut? I'm a Beckett, we hail from Connecticut and have family in England. 
Wow, I had a fake ID since I was 18 too. 
Why go into the bathroom, why not both fill it out like that in the first place?
whether this is true or not, its fucking awesome...wish i was alpha enough to do something like this....
Fuck that. Are the DMV branches in the US that fucking stupid that they 
Can't do that in the state of California because they verify thumbprints at each station, plus, there is someone who inputs your information on the computer rather than have it on paper.  Plus,  If you want a DL and an ID, you get two photos taken, even if you apply for both at the same time, they take two pictures, they thumbprint you twice.
I did something similar when I was 17 (19 is legal in BC). My sister lived in manitoba, so I asked her to send me her care card and SIN card. I took them to the access centre and said "I need photo ID", gave her the card. Her name, her birthday, my face, my address. Never failed. Awesome. I still have the ID..BUT... she moved back here years later, and went to the same access centre, with her manitoba ID and said "I just moved here, I need photo ID", they looked it up and got MY picture and address... they looked at her and said "uhh... that's not you" and showed her... she was like "ya, that's my... I've just done a lot of drugs since then" LOL! they bought it.
Shut the fuck up britfag
This guy is a fucking legend. I wasn't that clever, instead I used a stolen passport I bought at a party for a year and a half
If they looked so similar, why didn't he just use his brothers ID in the first place?
I recently got a state ID for my mother (she is no longer able to drive an automobile). As a condition of getting the state ID, she was required to surrender her drivers license. I call BS! 
That's the smartest thing I've ever heard
This is shit.
This actually works. I know a bunch of friends who would do this for their siblings. Basically, when you go to the DMV in CA there is one place where you fill out the paperwork and verify everything, and another separate place where you just simply hand them the verified paperwork and they take the picture for the ID. .I thought this was a much more common practice, but I guess not. 
I'm 16 years old and I have  a fake ID. .It's perfect because the great majority of my friends are well over 25 (Legal drinking age is only 19 where I'm from).It makes life a lot funner, I've always wanted to go into bars and buy booze. Now I can..if this gets some attention I'll see if I can get some pics of it.
Surprisingly enough, OP was not a faggot.  I applaud you.
I'm guessing you don't live in the US and you've never been to the DMV?
10/10
Pretty sure if you have a valid license and you try to get just an ID they will void out your license making you have to take the driver's test again.
Pretty sure you're wrong and they just won't let you get a state ID if you already have a license.
I think if you try to get a state ID with an already valid DL they will ask you to sign a paper voiding your DL. I had to do it.
Probably depends on the state then.
Yeah I'm in Ohio. Might be their shit. I lost my DL and needed to get another one for something that day. I didn't have the $25 for a new one so I just tried to get a state ID for $7. When I tried to get it they told me they would have to void my DL and I had to sign a paper saying I agree to have it voided. I guess you're not aloud to have more than one valid ID. So I signed it without thinking or reading the paper (retarded) because I just needed an ID for whatever reason. Then when I tried to go and get another DL they informed me that I had to retake the driver's exam. Lame as hell.
Why on earth are people not allowed 2 IDs?
So they won't pull shit like this.
But they can do it anyway and just say they lost their ID..I assume it's for money reasons. If you need to get a replacement it costs more than just getting a new one.
No clue.
my buddy did this back in the 80's, and it's just super lock tight if your photo is on there. that was the best fake id possible. the rest of us had ones that would work MOST of the time.
Mine boys started drinking accidentally at 4,5. They liked it. Wife wasn't so happy. Women always have problem with men drinking, age irrelevant.
My dad did this exactly this when he was 19...
Within the last several years Indiana, US had an overhaul of the DMV. Now you rarely wait more than a few minutes, 30min from arrival to leave on a bad day. You can set appointments and check wait times online..Plate stickers can be renewed online. You can then walk into the lobby of many DMV's during closed hours and grab your stickers from a vending machine that'll link to the CC you used online.
Smile youre on cctv
I saw this on /b/ yesterday.
maaaaaan waiting till youre 21. Fuck that! im 19 now and well and truly over the club scene already.
So edgy
Thanks man
I have been to the DMV, but not he in the US..
Usually, DMV workers in the U.S will be too high to notice or care. They get paid by the hour to process people, not reinforce the rules. That's work.
Haha Amerifags have to wait until they're 21 to drink.
Calm on, man, it's not like I personally voted for it.
Legally drink. 
I did
I don't get how everyone is so up for weed legalization, but still OK with the backwards as fuck drinking age. Every-fucking-where in the world the drinking age is 18.
In Canada: be 19..The end..In Quebec: be 18..The end.
automatic: DIDN'T HAPPEN
IDchief
I printed mine on glossy paper, peeled the gloss layer off and glued it to one of those fake credit cards you get in the mail.  .Pretty sure the guy at 7-11 knew it was fake. Still sold me booze.

So the mother was pissed, but not pissed enough to stop him using the ID  
Am I missing something here? Why does OP think he is some epic badass for getting a fake ID? Is it considered a huge achievement in America?
It's because he got one issued by the DMV. So even though the info on it is false, it's a legally legit ID.
Yes, as soon as I got a fake ID I started fucking all the bitches.
Is this... uncommon?.Every second non-socially retarded autist in Australia had a fake ID to go clubbing when I was sixteen/seventeen.The police seem way less stringent in upholding drinking laws here, too.
No line at DMV = bullshit
The fact that the drinking age limit is 21 in the US blows my mind.
I have a friend who would use his older brother's license to drive when he didn't have his license, so this seems very very plausible to me.
Where I'm from, the DMV actually take your finger-print to make sure something like this doesn't happen...
Where the fuck did he ever say they looked similar? I realize this isn't the greatest of greentext stories, but this whole thread seems to fail at reading comprehension.
OP forgot the part were his brother stuck his dick in his asshole in the DMV bathroom.
Or, go up to certain provinces in the great Canadia
Actually any of them, the highest drinking age in any Canadian province is 19, the lowest being 18. Like your use of Canadia btw.
Qubec, Manitoba, and Alberta, it's 18. Everywhere else is 19, but a lot of bars don't even check.
I live in the alpha western part and generally give zero fucks about the eastern side, I thought it was 20 or 21 in Ontario or Quebec but I guess I was wrong
Quebec is 18, Ontario, NB and NS are 19, and you're a dick with a western superiority complex. Sorry.
Gangsterlicious
BC and Sask are also 19, Alberta is 18.
[deleted]
[deleted]
yep, sounds legit. we all know that dudes who are best friends with their brother are pussy magnets..oh also in order for the dmv switch to work dont they have to look damn similar anyway?
Man I wish I had an Older twin!
lol the fuck.. was surprised this wasn't upvoted to the top.
This is what went through my head when reading it, not many people noticed I guess?
[deleted]

FTFY
This happened way to fast for it to have happened at the DMV.
Called up my friend in a fraternity. "Yeah man just send me your picture, info, and $150." That fake ID never failed once. Used it in New Orleans no problem.
But New Orleans doesn't give a fuck..
Friend got chased into the ghetto in NOLA by a bouncer from tropical isle for using an Idaho fake he'd never seen before
Laissez les bons temps
be 18 working in bar - no one ever asked if i was 21 - fucked bitches and got free drinks as a bouncer - assistant manager walks in one day with a pile of nabbed fakes - hands me one that looks enough like me - drink and party for a few years on it - three days before 21st birthday one bouncer at a shit-hole actually calls me on it - show him my real ID and sees i have only days - gives zero fucks and both IDs back to me - I hand my fake to some kid that looked like me and ID guy on a college campus. 
Fuck that over complicated bull shit . Why didn't the older bro just give anon his ID, go to the DMV to report losing his ID, and get a new one...
This is the best way to do it. Thats what my brother did for me and I have been using his id since I was 18.  Its easy for brothers to get by with this method. As long as there is a slight resemblance and your guyses skin tone is similar you are golden. Only hasnt worked like 5 times.
I look incredibly like my older brother and we did this. If you can pull it off, I highly suggest it. Though, nothing beats being 21. 
[deleted]
No it's not.
did the window even break? why was his heart pumping fast at school? .pretty terrible story.
Well, fuck you then.  
Status of dead horse:.[BEATEN] NOT BEATEN 
[deleted]

I used to work the door at a blues bar checking ID. Once a young white guy about 19 or 20 handed me the ID of an elderly black woman from Atlanta. I looked at the guy who was collecting the cover charge and said, no cover. I then waved the kid through.
so basically you rewarded this asshat for stealing an old ladies ID...
Or maybe he found it. Either way guilty.
You. I like you. You are what is good in this world. 

It's a genuine ID, with fake information.
Thanks for clearing that up.
The information is true. It's identify theft in this case..much higher penalty than an actual fake Id
I hate it when people say this. First of all, has anyone ever been charged with identity theft for using a fake? Second, If his brother let OP impersonate him, is it still identity theft? It's more like identity borrowing.

because then "anon's" ID would have his older brother's picture on it and be worthless, you simple fuck.
[deleted]
Did you even understand the story you fuckwit?  OP (supposedly) orchestrated this series of events to get his underage face on an ID with his brother's information.  They could look nothing alike and it wouldn't matter.  Jesus christ...
Twins can look different tard. Assuming OP looked noticeably different from his brother, then they would be posing as fraternal twins, or two, non-identical brothers with the same birthday on their IDs.
He meant 'twins' because both ID's had the same exact name and birthdate, dipshit. That's what happens when you use your older brother's info as your own.
Be European, drinking and smoking since whenever because no one cares. Having sex with 16yos because it's not illegal.
TIL the drinking age is different in different countries.
but, but, but....America = Freedom?
Oh, that only counts for saluting Hitler in public.
Most of the US is like that too. 30 of 50 states.
To the best of my knowledge, 16 is the . limit enforced in only the most conservative European countries. In most other ones, the requirement is 14-15. .Of course, there's very few 14yo's actually worth fucking, but just saying that it's perfectly legal if you want to.
Jesus, 14. that's like a fucking 9th grader. Who the fuck wants to do that.
Like I said, it's usually not appealing, but the possibility exists. Much better than the other way around.
Word.
Another 9th grader?
Why the fuck you'd want to fuck an unexperienced 16 year old is beyond me.
Other 16 year olds?
It's .. And if you're not a 30yo virgin or a guy that can't get off unless some weird shit fetishes are satisfied, I don't see the problem - teenage chicks are tight and most importantly - extremely enthusiastic. Who gives a shit how much experience they have?
I don't know, 16 year old girls annoy the shit out of me.
Well, don't socialize with them for fuck's sake.
If you're like 18 maybe. But yeah pretty much.
spoken like a true neckbeard
16 year olds look like children I swear to god.
Now you're getting it. 
Seems plausible, but this would be the most difficult step
Are you implying OP is being less than genuine? I find it hard to believe someone would go on the internet and just make up stories about themselves. Have a little more faith in your fellow man!
lies on the internet? who would be so naive to believe such thing is possible 
misdirection can take you everywhere,  i remember i once got into a vip room by telling i needed to go to the bathroom asking the guy if he could kept my (hot) friend phone and take her a picture (that was the misdirection) 
Why not just write down your brother's details on the form they were given (and vice versa) instead of having to go the bathroom to exchange forms?
Thats what I did when I was 18 and my brother was 21. Worked perfect. You couldn't  do it  now because  the pictures are all stored on the  computer and they do check that out (at least in my state.)
I am not sure what you're saying...
(that was the misdirection) 
The "Only us two at DMV" part is what I feel was most bullshitted
No shit. That never happens at DMV.
It can happen at mine.  They're well staffed, efficient and they hustle people in and out of there.
Where is this? Missouri? That's bullshit. I spent 2 hours getting my permit a year ago.
Pensacola, FL.  Our tax assessor is fucking awesome.  You walk in the office and there's workers waiting for someone to help.
Florida gets good service after i already got my shit? maaan.
Nice try DMV employee.
Totally plausible. My driver's license says my eye color is "black" because I have color dyslexia and was stressed and put the wrong thing down..To be fair, a . of it is black...
Yeah mine also says I weigh 120 pounds. I weigh... not that.
Yeah. In your bra. 
They bitch you out if you want a dl and state id according to my bro. They do it but out reissues with you're drivers license photo
I applied for my State ID before I got my driver's license. They had no problem giving me two cards. In fact because I got my DL roughly half a year or so later, they had to send me two DL's because they got the expiration date wrong..So at one point I had 3 valid ID cards.
thats awesome.
The police would have you destroy the extras.  .I've had 'em clip mine when stopped with two.
Why the hell would you show both?
The policeman was so inclined to pat me down.
Why did you carry multiples? Keep them safe at home 
I forgot about it.
Don't let the police see the other one?
Tough to hide when they search you.  .I had inadvertently had both in my wallet.
Don't consent to searches?
Police can be very ..
How drunk/high were you? 
Enough to not know when to give up, apparently.
Yeah I can vouch, if a cop . says "stop or I will taze you" you would do will to fucking stop right then and there.
120 pounds  54.43 kg.*In Development | . | . *
thanks
54.43 kg
Ahahahaha, FAGGOT, What is this bot, I don't even.
I just took a 500 pound shit, it was at least 12 inches long
That is some dense shit.
And thick too. Damn
Thick, solid, tight.
The ass was fat
First I was confused about your comment....then I realized I was in the 4chan subreddit.
it left my asshole at about 30 mph
You hear that? You shit faster than a nigger can run.
Holy fuck."30 mph [ Top speed reached by Usain Bolt during his record-setting 100 meter dash]".Thank you dictionary of numbers
In my experience, DMV workers generally don't give a shit. 
Don't give a shit what you take to your shit.

I've had someone to buy me alcohol since I was 11. Didn't capitalize it untill I was 16 though. 

You had to drink with your parents. I'll keep my US law and do it illegally thank you very much. (I'm of age now, but back then at least)
Nothing like your mom coming on to you to spoil the mood. 
speak for yourself, my mom's hot
Mexico.The legal age is 18 but meh everyone does what they want, there is no law here
Drink like crazy since 14 in my case. Porirua bro.
Used to be 18 in several US states. But the federal government started stipulating it be 21 if the states wanted to get some of that sweet federal cash. Kinda like the fight over marijuana legalization. A lot of states sign their rights away for federal govt aid. California laughs at them, but our critical infrastructure (freeways starting with a "I" designation) is federally funded. Though we have more sway because if we decided to tell the feds to fuck off completely and started running our own show, we could, and it would damage the US economy considerably. States like Missouri, Mississippi which get a lot of fed aid and have no tax base to speak of have no choice to do whatever the federal government says.

Well, I clearly have o fucking idea how to do this shit, so I'll just put commas instead of new line!
In India, no one gives a fuck. Official age 21.
lol 16 here. 
well you lose right there mate 
live in Spain, everyone drinks whenever they want, nobody gives a shit.
Every place where spanish is what you hear is just like that.
Germany 
Isn't UK like 11?
In UK it's 6 provided they have parental permission, but you cannot buy until 18.  You're allowed wine with food at restaurants, but you're not allowed in bars that don't have a child license until 18.
You're allowed beer or cider too at restaurants.
Thanks, I was going to say that as well, but I wasn't sure if that was actually true or if it was just wine.
That's 16+ AFAIK.

Purchasing age =/= drinking age. As far as I know you can give a toddler wine in New Zealand. Although CYF (child, youth and family) would probably have a word with you.
Yep, but you can't supply it to them and then fuck off. You have to be with whoever you give the alcohol to (if they're underage) while they drink it, otherwise it's supplying alcohol to a minor...
.. technically. Most kiwi cops don't care unless you drink and drive, really.
You can give a toddler wine in America too, no rules on private drinking. (though I imagine CPS (CYF equivalent) could get involved if it got bad)
2edgy
I'd sooner give up booze forever than live in Portugal. 



Priceless
Ireland 15
Ukraine - 14. I started a bit late though, most people start at 12.
Anywhere - any age.Fuck waiting for legal age. If a friend brings booze and you want to drink, go ahead. I gave my 13 year old brother and his friends some vodka. Was hilarious watching kids drink.
holy fuck!
We got a bad ass over here. You sound so cool. 
It's not a "being cool" thing. Where I live (Finland) it's pretty typical to go out drinking on the first weekend of Middle School (7th grade) and ever since then. Like not everybody but definitely 1/3rd of the people. By 9th grade it's closer to 66%. Basically everyone who goes out drinks, of course there are people who just sit home at their computer on friday nights no matter what age (though in Finland they drink too once they turn ~16). Nobody goes out on a friday/saturday night and . drink. Especially when underage.
Same in England. When we were fourteen, we'd get people to go into shops for us. 
Yeah or just try until you get it. I know in the US they often call the cops or something if you try to buy alcohol underage. Here it isn't a crime so there is no drawback to trying it. Go to every store and eventually someone will sell it to you.
15 days old maybe.
If that baby is a pussy. 
ditto Australia
except 15...
Live in australia
Cant play saints row 3
Drink the pain away
Live in Australia.Buy games online and bypass stupid censor laws.Been drinking since I was 18

4*
He said he was drunk. 

WOW WHAT AN ORIGINAL AND HILARIOUS JOKE
un s
HAHAHAHAHA DAE UPSIDE DOWN AUSTRALIA 
ditto Australia  ( ^_^) .Let me fix that for you (automated comment unflipper) 
This won't last long. I can just turn my phone over.
Meh...

Did nobody here go to high school?
there's SOMETHING about him that makes me think he might not have had fun in high school.
When the fuck is the DMV ever empty. Definitely did not happen. 
I went at 10:00 on wednesday once and it was basically empty. That was nice.
I live on the outskirts of a decently sized city and there's never more than 5 people.
DMV photo centers are pretty empty. When I got my senior license (is that even what it's called?) they photo center was completely empty. It was actually kind of creepy.
I actually went to a place a hour and a half away because they had a DMV that was always empty.

Not to mention in order to get an id you have to have your license revoked in most states.
I live in a city with a population of 500,000. We have two DMV's and the one I go to is almost always close to or completely empty.
Happens in most small population centers. DMV jokes are never funny to me because I live in bumfuck nowhere.
Even then if you are smart about timing , it is alright.  I work across the street from my local dmv. It is usually PACKED on saturdays and weekdays after three. Go anytime before three and you are there a max of twenty minutes. I went to get my dmv record on my 30min break, I was back in time to make food and eat it. 
Same. Grew up in a small town, lived there until a couple years ago. Never understood the DMV jokes until I moved to the city and had to get my license renewed. Hell on earth. 
Last time I went half an hour after they opened and still didn't leave until 11:00.
Right after they open is a bad time because that's when everyone goes to beat the crowd making it ironically one of the worst times of the day.
Growing up in New Jersey, I always went down the shore to go to the DMV, usually the one way down in Cape May. since very few people live there year-round, and it's out of the way for everyone living near Philly or NYC, it was always a wonderful, fast, clean, and people-less experience. Worth the hour and a half drive.
Our DMV was in an Ace hardware store. It was just like a back office in the back of the store
First World Problems
white teenage suburban male here. I live only 8 minutes away from two different DMVs and I have never had to wait more than a couple minutes at either of them. I guess it's one of the few advantages of suburbs... that, and having TWO Targets in the same town
Two? Try 4.
*nevermind.. Saw your name.
Your name amuses me greatly. 
I hate you.
does this mean you have two dicks and four balls?
I've never waited at the DMV for even five minutes. Small towns have their benefits
Te DMV today works much more efficiently than in days past. Imagine living in Sacramento and going to the DMV before everything was fully computerized. It was common to take the entire day off of work for a trip to the DMV. And that was with an appointment. 
I thought you were making a joke about futuristic societies or some shit and then I realized you were being serious. 
Even when I'm the first one in line I wait for over an hour, cause you have to get there over an hour early to be the first one there.
in California, Arnold fixed the DMV..It's now run by skynet.
 care to comment on this statement? 
Really? I lived in a small town and all that meant was I had to drive 30-40 minutes just to get to the goddamn city one which was just as busy and slow as any other DMV.
this was my experience...
if you had to drive only 30-40 minutes to get to a city dmv you either didn't live in bumfuck nowhere or your closest city wasn't a real city
The closest cities were definitely not big cities. The closest was Provo, UT, and if you haven't heard anything about it, it's small and sucks ass.
Small world i live in heber 30 mknutes away from provo. We have a dmv in our city with a population of 12000 for the whole heber valley
[deleted]
There is actually a "superhero" in Seattle right now. His name is Phoenix Jones, you should look him up. 
TOP LEL @ last 
Said the jew
Ah .  
Fuck off
Reading this made me lose my tan.
It's a good thing I was shitting already when I read this because I would have shit myself. Today op was not a faggot.
/pol/ please never change 
That last response is one of the best things I've seen on /pol/.
I suddenly went "Ah shit!" once I read that. 73 year old grandma right beside me on the couch...asleep..Everything went better than expected.
Sweet
/x/tra spooky
2deep4me
thats so raven!
I'm on my nexus too. 
What if the dream didn't let OP see the future....What if it . the future.
Shit
Crop, motherfucker, do you use it?!
Charger, motherfucker, do you use it?
Heavy, motherfucker, do you use it?
Volume, motherfucker, do you use it?
CRUISE CONTROL, MOTHERFUCKER, DO YOU USE IT?
No but that faggot uses incognito. He isnt alpha enough to just use a regular broweser on his tablet and not give a shit what other dick licking faggots and bitches think.
Does anybody else dream of future events, forget them, and then remember them when the dream happens in real life? I do that all the time. It's never been anything serious yet, I've just dreamed of myself playing Minecraft and stuff. I had a dream I was in a village, then I went and played an adventure map on my server that had the exact same village.. Same flower placement and mountains in the background and everything...Sometimes I dream about my parents inadvertently dying because of something I did, I've always remembered those so far.. And I avoid doing whatever it was that killed them..
Yep, it's weird
Yes, this only happens to you. You have magical powers, congratulations. 
This happens to me, I wish I saved a thread about it on /x/. I wont go into crazy detail but I remember one time it was two parts. I got the deja vu at a new job one of the first days and was totally convinced I dreamt it around 3-5 months prior. After I remembered the second part of the dream.. I quit/ got let go somehow badly at some specific support beam type thing in the restaurant. Huge place, and I made sure not to do any confirmation bias or whatever and quit next to it on purpose. But I was pulled aside after I was told to re consider quitting and my boss led me far from everyone and where we were to talk right in front of it before I gave my final word. 
This post is the embodiment of /v/.
I'm just a redditfag, I don't know what /v/ is..
That is a very cool story
...Hansel
This happens to me. I'm pretty sure it's just deja vu.
try to do whatever killed them once, to see what happens.
Only way to know for sure.
You can Google 'make water clean' or post a stupid story in 4chan..Good job OP, you clearly are not stupid.
Is that a windows phone? Because it's sexy as fuck.
Yeah, app is called 4charm
my sides
*top lel trolle
what exactly is going on here
The prosecutor discredited the reliability of a key witness several times and concluded the day with showing evidence that she had signed a change.org petition to prosecute zimmerman, and had posted it on facebook.  Earlier today /pol/ uncovered this and forwarded it to the defense.
What was her statement like, if she says zimmerman began the assault and eventually kills the black dude ... wouldn't it be natural for her to be biased. It's the act itself that made her biased.
She also added information about which direction she heard them moving outside.  This was a rather important detail that she had not told the police in a several recorded statements (interviews that produced a few dozen pages of transcript, not just chats).  This calls her reliability into question if she remembers new details only when she gets on the witness stand.  .Last thing was that she claimed she initially did not want to be on tv or get any attention for it, but she had given an extensive interview to a national news program that never aired.  Of course this is all nitpicking but thats what lawyers do..I'd also point out that the 'Trayvon's girlfriend' witness has already committed perjury, as she told police she did not attend his funeral because she was hospitalized due to grief.  This was a lie.  So you might see another key prosecution witness unravel.  
Led to .. Bitch got owned. Her face is priceless.
Not to defend her but it looked to me more like "dafuq dat has do wit anything?" more than "oh snizz I dun got me caught by the popo "
her credibility as a witness got absolutely destroyed. that combined with the beat down leading up to it over the previous hour or so where he exposes that she was obviously coached by the prosecution in her testimony and now the prosecution's first key witness has no credibility, is a liar, and obviously is biased against GZ. .this and everything else leading up to it in the cross examination exposes her as a liar and unfit witness who has it out for george zimmerman and has been coached by the prosecution, making her testimony not worth shit and makes the prosecution look like clowns. 
Uh, you forgot the part about the jury, think about what they saw and not what you saw.  Angry white guy beating up a woman of color isn't going to sit well with at least one member.  O'Mara might have saved the conviction, but at a risk of a hung jury on that one.  By the time he rolled the petition on her, she was already done.  He had to make a judgement call on the petition and he should have probably pulled the punch..The prosecution got sandbagged at least three times, they didn't know about the videos, the facebook like, or the petition.  If they had, they  would have introduced it into evidence themselves.  Instead they left the ball hanging for the D to spike.  If I'm ever in the weeds in Florida, I'm calling O'Mara..All the attorney's handled it well although both the P and the D were practically shouting at the witness at the end..If you are ever a witness, and if you are biased, let the side calling you know so that they can prepare or at least chose not to use you..I don't know what the rules are for using stills from a trial broadcast like that in a meme.  Just another reason why you never want to be a witness, you might end up having your net life destroyed. 
They don't think it be like it is, but it do 
it's like everyone is just getting lazy
Be man. Have rocket. Rocket maaaaan.
Learning 
No. Meningitis makes the brain swole. The mind is abstract.
friend died of this less than a week ago. some fucked up shit me and all my friends had to get tested right away. fuck menengitis.
That bodybuilder is my friend's uncle o.o
Post proof or GTFO

Guy with the the batman shirt is his nephew, also my neighbor. The bodybuilder is named timbahwolf.
The guy in the back with the black superman shirt, yeah? 
Yup
His ig is timbahwolffff
Where's that guys penis?
up OP's butt
Am I the only one who notices that OP is like 3 feet over the toilet? He's either taking this pic hanging from the ceiling, or somehow learned to levitate.
It's a fucking gummy life saver
He put a fuckin raw mini donut on it.
Reminds me of those foamy pad things you put on pencils, and you roll them down so they curl up like that. 
I saw this post in it's infancy on /b/ and just knew I'd find it here. The Internet never disappoints. 
Choose one 
i call faggot.
epic get
Your post is the true definition of a meme. . With the exposure of this formula and a few examples, and generously, a helpful mnemonic picture to associate the memory with, along with all the other memes, the hive-mind will be more capable and prepared to vocalize such a witty turn of phrase in the relevant moment, avoiding l'esprit de l'escalier and ascending to it's true form: Aspergic Spelling Champion.
Cool 

Why the fuck is there one photo in your album, OP?
because he is a faggot
Just a shoutout to OP, the album is empty!
Your tl;dr was fucking longer than the original statement 
He was warning you, not summarizing. 
Am I doing it right? 
No shit, Sherlock!
That was the joke
wort
Sorry for the newfaggotry, what app is this faigets
Jesus H Niggerfuck
Christ in a blanket. 
OP is one evil mother fucker
what
OP covers things in shit-butter, can't you read
chgj; k;kjhlff lhj luyll
no, you can't blow up Boston.
Too late.
Shrek was here
Fucking lawlful
garlic/10

Fantastic! xD
wasn't shrek all about onions?
Good thing he didn't get a period.
What's OP's picture from?
Must have watched the sixth sense 
Who the fuck lets a 10 year old watch Fight Club..
Only this weak shit would do well on reddit.
Or maybe Fight Club?
naw man, tyler durden is from space jam you bunch of movie casuals
Hug her a cry deeply
Only this weak shit would be a comment on reddit. 
Only this reddit would be a weak shit on a comment.
why so much hate is what i'm asking. where's the buttlove
Poor son. At least he didn't get into an apostrophe.
Hamburgers, someone beat me to it.
Plot twist: anon is really a ghost and hasn't accepted that he's dead yet
Plot twist: Anon is Bruce Willis
Plot twist: Anons son is the bad guy
Oh my god THAT was the name of that show! My shitty life is finally complete.
Where's that reaction from
A PSA commercial about the arts. Type in "Raisin Brahms" on YouTube.
/b/. /b/ never changes. Sweaty guys in basements do, through the bags of Cheetos they eat.
Holy crap I could never remember the name of that show but just what the characters looked like.   Thanks OP... Kinda.
But Osmosis Jones was based inside of a man. 
wasn't there some ep where they went to a woman's body and he met a love interest? 
Yes.
no
Perhaps?
Maybe.
Well...
Possibly.
im fucking perma banned
I use a VPN service and it has a bank of ip's at each switch all over the world.  There has been several times where I've connected and gotten that message.  Its also happened to me before with the IP issued by my ISP.  Since they distinguish users by ip and most consumers don't have static ip's its bound to happen at least once to anyone who visits the site.  
Which hostel wifi is that, OP?  I know the Green Turtle wasn't banned as of the end of last year.
[deleted]
What is a hostel??
Haha, reminds me of the time a buddy of mine (who was dorming) got the entire school banned from making changes on wiki.
This happened to me when I used a fresh SIM card while visiting Australia. Fuck whoever did that.
Some guy in the super adventurers club is likely staying in the hostel with you

You malodorous pervert.
I didn't think people were banned from 4chan for cp.  it's like being banned from McDonalds for ordering a McFlurry. 
why won't it let me enter my email or complaint? Brb deleting system32
Classic Pedo Line
That's when he got banned, not when OP connected to the WiFi. 
Is this supposed to be a novelty account?
[deleted]
It's kind of like a bed and breakfast except you share a room and bathroom with many people, often times. I don't think they give out breakfast either. Maybe some do. Hell, I dunno. I just know they're cheap, and that the German word is Jugendherberger. Which stuck with me for whatever reason.
It's like a hotel except worse and there's other people..Or it's like being in a military barracks with slightly less homo-eroticism 
Damn. I want the homoeroticism without the hard work of being in the military. Tips?
Maybe leading a boy scout troop?
I shouldn't have laughed at this.
I'm 12 and what is this?
[deleted]
[deleted]
That's when the ban was made, not when he connected
Cerebral Palsy. 
Lol where the fuck have you been.Does your home resemble a gray shapeless piece of stony material?
My house could use some work. 
Got the same message when I connected to my schools wifi
Must get hungry 

For a second there I thought that the ban was directed at me.
Eli Roth gives a harrowing portrayal of what a Hostel is, I whole-heartedly recommend watching his work.
Goddamn it. Pay attention
[deleted]
Moot hates pictures of Cheese Pizza, hence the CP.
Someone who was there before op was looking at or uploading nude pictures of persons believed to be underage, therefore the ip was banned and now no-one can access 4chan from that specific ip
[deleted]
No problem. I was confused at first as well unroll I read further down in the comments and someone essentially spelled it out like that
I heard he's both lactose and gluten intolerant..Edit: Hence the hate for the cheeze pizza.
There were comments that spelled it out pretty clearly, thus my attitude
[deleted]
I checked the times, and yes it was there when you posted. I saw a few others that turned out to be after you posted. Since when do people need a reason to be rude? Especially on a sub dedicated to 4chan
I assume by "it" you mean a comment explaining what was going on. If that's the case, then I must have missed it. I mean, I am human..And, more importantly, do you seriously, honestly have NOTHING better to do than search through over 160 comments to try and prove someone over the internet who asked a general question wrong?
Sure I have better things to do. Have you never done something that was a low priority?  I mean, 
I never said you aren't, I just thought it was kind of sad that it was even on your list of stuff to do in the first place. Either way, you got your response: I missed it, I messed up. There's no need for us to continue this. Night
Nice try, calling me sad and then using your little trick to make that the last word..If you want to call me sad, let's talk about the fact that you couldn't understand this post in the first place. Or that you've taken so much time out of your day to get all butthurt when I told you to pay attention. You defended yourself incorrectly, I took 15 seconds to skim the comments, since I had just read them I knew exactly where the relevant ones were, to prove you wrong. It really wasn't a big imposition on my day. Either one of us calling the other sad in this scenario is highly ironic.

You are a fucking retard 
I tried posting from Iraq with an MWR computer, banned for CP as well.
It's the IP of the hostel that's banned, not his computer.
Apparently he's never been b& from 4chan before. Not like... erm... I have... ahem... at least 3 times... ugh...
dude youre so badass
What happens if you post from a mobile device not connected to wifi. Are you immune to bans?
If I try to post on my phone from my bathroom it says in banned for dick pics on /soc/
Well my brother evades bans by just going to his settings and turning on airplane mode on and off. .Also like . said, the tmobile phones reset the IP often even then. BUT my brother does get banned suddenly for "ban evasion" which doesn't do shit since he can just turn on/off airplane mode.
My mobile Ip got banned about 2 years back for posting jail bait. Keep in mind I have never and will never post on 4 Chan so I don't know what was up with that . Didn't bother me too much but when I changed service providers I was able to go back on.  I think banning nowadays only stops you from posting though. 
I'm gonna try this.
[deleted]
theres nothing illegal about club penguin
Because if we all say we're going to do it they won't know that it was actually me.
[deleted]
Ban was given to entire hotel in 2011. OP tries to connect to hotel in 2013, finds it got banned 2 years ago.
hotel does not equal hostel
Do you know what a hostel is?
Oh ok my b 
I dare you to explain the difference
There are several differences between hostels and hotels, including:.Hostels tend to be budget-oriented; rates are considerably lower, and many hostels have programs to share books, DVDs and other items.
For those who prefer an informal environment, hostels do not usually have the same level of formality as hotels.
For those who prefer to socialize with their fellow guests, hostels usually have more common areas and opportunities to socialize. The dormitory aspect of hostels also increases the social factor.
Hostels are generally self-catering.
Hostels are generally more "adventure travel" oriented than "leisure travel" oriented, thus attracting a younger, more venturesome crowd.
I don't think you understand what's going on here.
He connected to the hostel wi-fi which accesses the internet on a single outbound IP address meaning that someone who stayed there before OP posted CP and got IP banned meaning that anyone else who connects to that network cannot access the site 
No shit sherlock.
Thank you, explainstheproblem.
Still has an IP right? Ban IP.
You could ban MAC address. That doesn't change 
Mobile device IPs change around once a month though.  At least on T-Mobile.
Never knew this, my bad.
My computer IP changes every day for some reason
No worries.  I only found out because I whitelisted my phone on my server, and it denied me access.
Heh, I feel fortunate now - my ISP assigns me different IP every time I connect. You have no idea how that helps with referral systems.
It's also really good for security.  Jealous.   But what do you mean every time you connect?  I have cable internet that is connected all of the time.
I get my connection through ADSL, so I just have to connect once (using username and password) and it stays connected. Oh, and my IP changes regardless around midnight. It's still the local IP range, but when I have to bypass download limits of certain hosting sites, it's perfect..It's not that secure, but then again I have beam aerial that points at the hotel diagonally from my house, and they have pretty good WiFi. It's WEP secured and MAC filtered, but I cracked the former ages ago, and caught the moment when the latter wasn't turned on (I added my card's MAC to the whitelist and - to be sure - wrote down already whitelisted addresses, to change mine if necessary).
I used to have it like this. Turn router off, turn router on, BAM new IP.
I got banned for CP once. After someone posted a photoset of a porn actress who looked young, but was 22, I posted proof of her age, and was banned along with the OP. Got it overturned 3 days later. I remember my brother trying to lurk from my apartment and getting the message, and just giving me this horrified "wat" look.
Serious question, how often do moot and the mods report CP and its uploaders to police? 
IIRC the site is actually archived automatically. The FBI has Moot wrapped around their dick.
Anytime there's a reported thread.
Every time a picture is seen by or reported to the mods/moot. 
As well they should permaban anyone who plays Club Penguin.
[deleted]
I agree. Free speech would become kind of a moot point.
This is why we can't have nice things.
I know right? If they ban all the posters where will we get CP?
When I was on satellite internet, 4chan once banned my whole ISP.
Same thing happened to me a few years ago in high school when I tried to go on a casual browse. In retrospect that's a lot more fucked up than it seemed at the time.
Chances are it was somebody posting nudes of their [ex]girlfriend or themselves.  Or you ought to watch out for Mr. Jones because he diddles boys in the locker room.
Our Wrestling coach was named coach Jones
Either that or child abuse.
There was teacher named Mr. Jones at my old middle school who got fired for having sex with a 15 year old
Brb locker room. 
He's in the locker room! Over here!
"Oh excellent, this hostel has wifi......well, better download some CP while at it..."
More like post some CP on 4chan.
There are actually people who purposely post CP from as many unsecured and public wifi networks as they can in an attempt to either troll the owner of the network or waste investigators' time.
that's pretty terrible....waste of tax dollars too I'm assuming.
A more expensive idea would be to go to several local weather monitoring tower, put fans in front of their anemometers so it looks as if some freak hurricane kicked up outta nowhere.
But how am I supposed to fap while I'm doing that?
You could cum into the rain collectors, knowing people state and possibly worldwide if the story broke how many inches deep it was my it measuring average rainfall/semen for the day.
That's how you don't get caught.
It's not like hostels keep any records of who stays there or anything.

Nice try, FBI
Boot your laptop through Tails on USB (use the 8GB at least), connect through free hotspots (Starbucks, McD or any unsecured wifi you find), change places and don't chech your facebook, twitter, gmail or anything that could be used to track you down (that's common knowledge, but I felt like posting it)..Congratulations, any trail you'll leave will point to nothing at all. Use this knowledge to anonymously play Club Penguin at any time.
What's the point of tails?.Just use a fucking ubuntu stick and don't mount your laptop's hard drive.
...isn't Tails essentially this, but more useful?
It comes with Tor and uses Tor by default. Also it does not send your network traffic to amazon.
It comes with Tor and all of your traffic is encrypted by default. Also ubuntu is ridden with canonical bullshit e.g. the shopping lens that sends your traffic to amazon. So essentianlly tails is:.tor + encryption tools + ubuntu - canonical = tails
I guess I'd rather just spend 5 minutes installing torbrowser.
_
My god.
And then you get caught on video leaving the premises at the time of the deed.
Big deal, you accessed their network at this-and-this time, downloaded 100MB of garbage (encrypted data, remember!) and left..That's it..If they check your laptop's HDD, they won't find a thing, because everything was being processed on the USB stick (that's why I recommended >8GB one). Instead of traditional USB, you can use micro-SD adapter, and then hide the mSD card in a pen or something, in case of random searches..Of course, above fails if you stumble upon competent cop/agent, but seeing as even with PRISM active they couldn't stop one Chechen from bombing a marathon, it's safe to say they're a rare breed.
I don't condone doing illegal things but yeah, I'm pissed about prism+the marathon.
Why isn't this on the news?
Nobody wants to admit keeping track of my dickgirl collection will do nothing to help remove kebab.
Seems like an awful lot of trouble to play Club Penguin...
It's serious business, man.
damn club penguin bans me for saying rude words
STFU you big orange cunt.
nigger
Club Penguin deleted my account for inactivity.
Uhhwhat? brb gotta go check my penguin.Edit: my penguin is gone. He had so much pins.CURSE YOU CLUB PENGUIN!!
They delete your account after nine months of inactivity.
It sucks, I used penguinstorm to hack 1000000 coins (max) and I lost all of it. fml

But I was too busy being pregnant to go on Club Penguin! Damn this child, I wish I had never had it.
I don't understand why 4chan likes club penguin in the slightest.  Except to make nazi signs with the penguins 
shit, nigga, they cute penguins
They're called swastkas bone daddy
ya, thats the word.  It just slipped my mind at the time 
This I believe goes back to the olden days when happy negro and cockmongler were alive and well... the good ol' days, when ducks were emo and cats were fine too... we would go on a similar site but the character you'd control was one of the 2ch cats (mona). We'd then harass the Japanese users with the usual crap. Eventually I believe this led to the significantly more epic raids on Habbo, pool's closed n what not.... leading to this penguin-summerfag-crap
You answered your own question. Thats why 4chan like club penguin.
really?  thats it?  They just get on to make nazi signs all day?
Its easy to sign up, therefore its easy to raid.
Did you really expect anything more?
It just doesn't seem like much.  No gore, no swearing, no traps (I don't get why /b/ loves traps), etc. 

shit nigga why are there so many purple penguins
It took me way too long to realise that this was just a picture and I was not actually banned from 4chan for CP..God I'm fucking retarded.
How high are you
 
hey, you managed to type that out.could a retard do that?
I still don't get why Civil Protection has a grudge against their own people.
Yeah happens all the time, right?
Yeah stupid caramel popcorn gets me banned all of the time...
It's the Cheese Pizza that gets me. 
Chinese poodles for me.
Captain Planet for me.
Fuck, I'm stealing that for later.
How new are you that you haven't heard this before?
I'm 13 and I'm on 4chan reddit for a few weeks
capatown on the panny sye

haha hey newfriend :D xd

Chocolate Pudding, always the goddamn pudding
Creamy peanut butter, all the time...
Civil Protection!
Pick up that can.

Is it only me with Child Pornography?
If watched in reverse, it's [P]olitically [C]orrect.
The NSA would like a word with you.
Ew, what the fuck is wrong with you? That's fucking sick.

I guess /v/ really doesn't like playing Club Penguin.

Moot confirmed there are no "Summerfags".
Someone post a pic of a 2000 foot long snake stat.
3edgy5me 
Moral of the story, don't question if a hot girl is a hot girl. Unless your a faggot. Faggots.
It's a good shop...
I don't get it. Is it real? 
Dude: I'm on my phone. 
The screen is broken.
Some kid drew a penis on it with a black marker.
I had my eyes removed when I was 14.
My eye sockets are filled with sand because I'm in the Sahara right now.
It's deepest night, everything is pitch black.
The battery of my phone just died.
AND EVEN I SEE THAT THIS IS NOT REAL!
Moot is a fucking faggot
Moot is a summerfag
He was the first OP. 
"Real life"
Watch out guise, he ripped of his dick.
My sides were gone when I read that
I saw the hash slinging slasher one coming as soon as i read "night shift" 1/10
That first post was just 12 Monkeys wearing a fedora.
I've never seen a perfect vertical but megashitty horizontal crop before. Neat..
Is it because the post is too long and shitty, too? Are you an artist?
Whats a crop tool? Fuck I wish paint was easier to use.
You guys don't get it. This was to encompass all sorts of cancer on 4chan, including extreme horizontal cropping.
That's not even a limerick. What a fake
Wut
who goes on 4chan and asks wut?
Third reply forgot to mention the part where he praises Jesus every second during the act.
Where is that picture from?  
Columbine shooters' suicide scene. 
Thanks.  Never seen that one before.
How... how could he tell it was a woman?
Oh boy, here we go.
OP if you came up with that title, you're a pretty OK guy.
yup
why :I
This is how we get Aids people. /s
The initial post was mildly interesting. The first comment and /thread? Cancer. 
[deleted]
Not particularly.
All you fags complaining about the /thread have never been on 4chan, where shuffling through the annoying bullshit is half the fun.
/thread

wat

great /thread in there as well. bravo OP. 
Do we still hate /thread?
Yes you stupid nigger
We'll always hate /thread
if it wasn't for that, I wouldn't know when to stop reading the thread
.
/thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread 
lel so random.
tim the toolman taylor
look at the id's.
"hitler the jew killer".I couldn't explain my boss why all the laughing 
Reverse image search faggot. You have an image and don't know what it is? Seriously.
Fuckshit Asscrackers would be my personal favorite.
i like "eugene the erectioner" but only because i read it as "eugene the erectioneer" which would be so much better
This shit isn't funny. 
Yes it is fag
No, It's not. There are tons of these threads everyday on 4chan from shit eating people who are not creative, or redditards who still think they're fucking hilarious for it..These threads are one of the reasons /b/ is dying and there was actually a /b/ post that says it better than I do on why these things aren't funny.
I was thinking Larry the Cable Guy. But seriously, these posts are too much.
I was obsessed with this guy during my childhood and this thread made my sides hurt so much that I almost called 911. Kudos to you OP.
Really? I hated Bob the Builder. Pre-Joe Blue's Clues is where it's at-I still have my old VHS's an edutainment CD-Roms of 'em.
FUCK YEAH STEVE
Are you like 12? Thanks for kudos 
"hitler the jew killer" 
summerfag dectected
Aren't all summerfags just actually really bad trolls trolling trolls trolling trolls
not sure if summerfag.or troll pretending to summerfag to elicit accusations of summerfaggotry
Please please send me all of your "what is his name" images you have
Do you know what this subreddit needs?.Lots of posts asking a cartoon character's name where all the commenters refuse to give the real name, and instead either make fun of it or make up totally random ones..I would recommend about 8-10 each day.



>newguys can't blacktext
Am I meme arrowing right ? >><>

I would move to America if this happened.
Someone doesn't understand the negative aspects of the free market 
Sounds about right.
 /pol/ basically supports Sharia.
Why was the bush covered in vomit? Your post doesn't make any sense.
It's called spit roasting.
I swear I've read that meth story before.
That's probably because it's old as fuck.
No way the hot tub story is real.
[deleted]
What?
[deleted]
the shit text one had me in tears. 
Same with me man and the tubby 7 year old only made it worse
The last one is the most realistic
I dunno.... the meth one sounds pretty real.
Never trust a Lannister
soon as i saw the blonde hair....GoT
Reading some of these stories reminds me of fucked up shit I did as a kid.. my cousin had to get stitches because of my glass-shrapnel bomb.
MFW I told everyone that it was his idea.
MFW he didn't deny it..I kind of feel bad about it now. 
You're gonna have to be specific here.  This is an album.  
[deleted]
 was on reddit awhile back. Apparently Anon ran over the baby ducks.
Story #3 @ americancers.Why the fuck can't hold your poo in? Got stretched from daddy at an early age?
You idiot 
[deleted]
this isnt 4chan its reddit you fuckface
It's an imgur album you retard. Its not actually on 4chan. Get RES.
Lol the Saudi one hahaha my sides 
The meth-dad story is too real! 

What does MFw mean?
It's copypasta
My face when


>

sauce?
wat
i fucking lost it there, oh god
Totally have never seen this before.
/b/ is pretty much dead by now. RIP :c.
Illumanti
11/10 would conspire again
Yup /b/s dead
Two conspiracies exist side by side, the primary group includes the still living Abraham Bolden, GHW Bush, Jim Lehrer formerly of PBS News, and Alex Jones' CIA op sire, the secondary conspirators are all those  newshounds, political commentators, and . who turn from the evidence, like they turn from . and . 
There is a vid that came out a year ago depicting this exact post... Both op and copypasta op are fags
saw this shit a long ass time ago
This really just shows that you can make connections to anything if you try. 23!
I saw that movie 4 years ago, never stopped seeing it since then. 
What movie is that..?
The Number 23. It stars Jim Carrey in a non-funny role for once.
Here name is Rebecca BLACK..What color was the limo?
Oh this again...
I can't even believe this made front page. This place must be full of newfags like me.
Shut up nigger
Drivers actual name is William Greer.
Penis

Dammit, I just figured out that this is fucking copypasta.
How did you just find this out. Where did you get the photo from newfag
If you realize that, remove post or resubmit to . 
is this determined by thread date or copypasta origin?
It's determined by retards.
why do you get to make the determinations?
My mum bought me a certificate for my tenth.
As if it wasn't already there
But he can't.  The laws of sweet sweet karma dictate that he must let the post stay here and accumulate upswags.  
Mighty rustlin' swagbabies.
Way to shit the bed, newfriend.
Never admit it, newfriend
Never show weakness, newfag. They'll shred you...
Copypasta
About as old as the actual song. Also has been debunked many times.
debunked? don't be so sure
I've seen it debunked before, he's right. Kickin isn't even a name, let alone the driver's.
[deleted]
that idea sucks
Getting shot by some asshole at a movie theater has nothing to do with political freedom
Who's getting spied on by drones?
OP licks dick, gets shot.
What the hell do the first 5 of those have to do with freedom?
So true...
128edgy256me
lol at all you Americans.
OP is a bitch today 
oldest copy pasta
Canada wins again !
I dunno.. "Live next to America.. get shot by accident"
Anon is a pasta-posting faggot.
He's just a damn dirty commie.
true
Holy shit sweet original idea dude!
I wish I lived in an irrelevant, culturally-parasitic country.
culturally perhaps, but you are the petroleum parasite-ers!
Fuck your repost faggot
Hey this again.
OP is a fag
no shit. Has op ever been straight?
If he really wanted to be American he would say:.Or the movie theater. But I'm sure op would spell it theatre because he is a fuck.
True story
While I do understand the point in this post, I think it is an awfully negative way to look at the USA.  Most of the American population has their wants and needs fulfilled, and often in excess.
jerks off
gets shot
Jerk off, then get shot. Fuckin noob.
lolololol 
Op is a reposting faggot
Fuck this place I'm moving to the north pole
Americans don't go to cinemas you cow lover just torrent it 
GOD DAMN..I'm not even American yet the tears of freedom are flowing so copiously from my eyes right now I may have to adjust my monocle.
So close to 1776 upvotes...
I kind feel bad for finding this so hilariously true. 
Where is Batman when you fucking need him?
Yeah well at least we get unlimited drink refills.  Damn europoor. 
That's why we go to IKEA, duh.
OP is a little bitch who wouldnt know freedom if it pissed on his face and raped his grandparents. 
I fucking hate you
yup, i'm being bombed and videotaped right now at the same time. america is such complete fascism lel as compared to the UK where this guy is probably from, where there is far more surveillance of civilians than in the US and far more intensive security and 'anti-terror' measures in place.

Canada here. Can't hear you over YOUR FUCKING FREEDOM!
[deleted]
You poor bastard... you don't even know!
Everybody here appears to be rather upset over this.  I think this generic copypasta hit a sore spot for Muricans.
This is the argument I use when americans say that mexico is worst in violence
But Mexico IS worse in violence. In the last month, how many mass graves have been found? On a daily basis the cartels hang bodies with messages warning other cartels. Shit like that doesn't happen here. There is NO question that Mexico has 200% more violence than the US. 
In mexico, the people who die are 90% gangsters.
In US, the people who die are 90% innocent people  .The difference is that, wherever you go in US, you run the chance to get shot....
in mexico, as long as you don't go to those shitty ghettos to buy drugs, you're safe.  .In other words, in mexico, the people who die, are the bad guys
You're making it seem like you're at risk of being shot everyday. The US is safe. Sure we have a couple of shootings a year but nothing like Mexico. I've been to Mexico, I know how it is. First thing someone told me was to lay low and leave my jewelry at the hotel if I didn't want to get robbed. I don't have to worry about that here. I can safely go out at 3am in the morning with all kinds of jewelry on and I don't have to worry about getting jumped..I have the luxury of being able to go to the park at midnight and just chill while looking at the George Washington bridge with my friends. You can't do any of that in Mexico.
enjoy your 3am walk in the park, I'll go to run a marathon and watch a movie premier
Sure thing, I'll look for the online video of your head being cut off.
HOLY FUCK has it already been the required week since this has been posted?
This comment will be +1.   ------>
Is this really the same site I spent years of my life on? Was everyone really this immature? Good lord.
What was with the FBI Porn thing?
Best watch out OP, the NSA will see this post.
oh, because us americans only go to cinemas? hahah. There's no way in hell we make half the revenue of box office films with all the taxes and bullshit.
"Freedom" means occupying other countries.
repost? fuck you
Bro do you even American?
Honestly speaking, I'd rather be an American than in its warpath. 
As an American, you are in its warpath...
 would get a kick outta that one. lol
There sure are a lot of upset Americans in here.
Sure feels good to be Canadian. 

I'm honestly living a very happy life in America. Yeah, fuck the NSA. Fuck terrorists. Fuck people shooting up innocents. But I'm fine. And so are most people.
I'm too busy being killed by drones because of my porn habit to post my witty reply.


MORE GUNS IS THE SOLUTION

As an American, literally none of those things have ever happened to me. #thankspiersmorgan
That's what they want you to think
[deleted]
vs.Now tell me, what is . better at? Place your gambles! 
stay butthurt
The fact that this greentext exists at all makes it social commentary, dumbass.
More like
I didn't realize freedom make you a magnet for crazy people
of course, just look at the Libertarian party
Shoulda had a gun to protect yourself.
Let's give everyone in the States a gun, let them shoot freely and let the . . survive. 
Yeah, even that baby that got shot should have been packin. 







Faggot. Go back to . you garbage can.

So? Those ten lives were lives that should not have ended.
therefore we should restrict the rights of the other 299,999,990 citizens because of that?
Rights? You have a right to a lethal weapon?
Yes you useless euro faggot.
I'm American. And people can have guns, but I wish more intense background checks were required. And I don't think people should be allowed to carry them in public.
Yes, yes I do :)
Because it's certainly working out for you to allow every retarded person to have guns. With no doubt. At all. Nope.
Nigger

That's the thing, such a small amount of people actually affected by this.
Still more people got killed by guns in the US then by terrorist attacks..Actually, forget about that or you might invade the country where your M249 and stuff is made :-)
Of course there are, there are so few terrorist attacks...

You mean the freedom to post things like this, speaking out against your government, on the internet without fear of your life being ended or ruined?  Some Americans on this website are so fucking deluded and entitled it makes me sick.
That's not some kind of special freedom, that's a sign of a civilized democratic country. Pretty normal in western countries.
ee wuz jokes m8
I highly doubt it's an American. Most Americans don't say "cinema".
They are not so idiots... yet.
It's funny that you use this as an example of the freedoms we have, since it is disappearing rather quickly. It isn't gone yet, but because people like you feel the need to counteract those who are speaking out against the assaults on it by calling them entitled and degrading them, I'm sure it will be soon. You are what has allowed things to advance to the level they already have.  .If you are going to be complacent, then be complacent. But don't attack those who aren't. Then at least you can perhaps be irrelevant to progress rather than actively hindering it, which I suppose is the best case scenario for you. 
Just because some people have it worse does not mean we have it good enough.
Just because you think it's good, doesn't make it good enough.
How to know? Post on line.
Lol @ entitlement on r/4chan.
What makes you think that he is from USA in the first place?.Btw, in Sweden we can do all the things you mentioned and not get spied on. How about that?
how do you know you're not getting spied on? We didn't know we were getting spied on until recently.
An former undercover agent recently came forward and stated he for over a decade spied on The Left Party here. .We are being spied on. Not just electronically. 
You're talking about Sweden right?
Yepp.
[deleted]
Then why the sudden surge of news about it?
People have been talking about this for years. Go back and look at ECHELON and Carnivore.
Evidence emerged! No more conspiracy theory.
I don't doubt that, but why is it a big thing all of a sudden then?.(btw whats with this 5 minute timer)
We have fairly conclusive evidence for the first time.
Does Sweden not have things like ECHELON or Carnivore then? Or is it just not conclusive evidence?
There isn't even circumstantial evidence of Sweden having a similar program.
You're right, it looks like you can be deluded as a Swede as well.
I'm guessing your* opinion is that this is all in the name of "protection" so it's all fine? 
You're?
Wat?
You're getting spied on by the US.
Yepp. And we aren't even represented in the government that spies on us. Maybe we should declare some form of independence?
That's it. At noon we attack England.
Fuck off m8. We'll fukin 'ave ya.
I love it when an old pasta still rustles some serious jimmies.
Damn right.
It can't be really at all old though because it references the NSA spying which was very recent and also the Boston bombing (not so recent) 
The base is old, it has just been added on to. 
Ah, that makes sense. 
I was kind of hoping he would add a line about the Westboro Baptist Church protesting his funeral. 

Legitimate question.  I've seen that shiggy iggy whatever that whole thing means a lot over the past year or so.  What does it mean?
Top lel
Started as an abreviation of "I seriously hope you guys don't do that" (ISHYGDDT)... Now even lazier just said as "shiggy".
shiggy diggy
fuckin casual







wot

The FBI and NSA don't care about your porn habits, hyperbolic faggot..You can have legitimate concerns over the NSA stuff, but if you think they're investigating the porn habits of unemployed 20-somethings, you're delusional. Smoke your marijuana and post on your atheism tumblr page all you want; nobody gives a fuck.
I knew an american would get angry so I was determined to find the comment.
They don't care about that? In that case I should call pizza hut and order myself a large cheese pizza.
All they need is a correlation between furry porn (or whatever his kink is) and some form of proscribed activity and then suddenly, they will care..You don't appear to understand how data mining works.
I thought terrorists watched gay porn though?
No, you're confusing them with fundamentalists.
Yes, because the Islamic fundamentalists the NSA is concerned with are characterized by their love of furry porn.
someone's got deep-seated issues
I always thought it was deep-seeded and I was going to correct you but knowing reddit, i wanted to be sure I was right and I was wrong. Fuck, i've been correcting people for years. 
I just play it by year, bro. 
Haha dude to be honest it felt weird typing it out... Thought to myself "what a strange phrase" it was. But yea, deep-seated is correct. 
How so?
True. But do you know how much porn must be stored in NSA databases? And how much of that is the weird kind? It either stays there, or some guy's job is to watch these videos and filter 'em out.
It doesn't matter that they do shit whit the information.
But what matter is that they can see everything what yuo do on the internet.
It is against the rule of privacy, and imo the american goverment should be punished for it. MERICA' are fucking up everything, period.
mmmm ya dude u must have read orwells 1984 ya bro imo the governmt should keep its nose out of all my important busness like when i tried to fuck the girl with big boobs in algebra class
You want French cries with that wamburger?

So what you're saying is that you're upset about that greentext being hyperbolic?....Really?
im trying to think of a witty retort.but i cant.so im just typing this because im stupid
I'm pretty sure they care if kiddy porn 
the care
Tanks
The NSA doesn't. FBI does, and I'm glad they do.
Maybe the FBI uses the NSA to catch kiddie porn people
I hope they do.
You've put into words what I've been trying to say for so long. That was beautiful.
But seriously. Everyone on reddit talks about how scared they are that the NSA will be watching then jack off to tranny porn as if they don't have better things to track. 
Some people like their privacy to be....private?
Yeah they are just getting mad for the wrong reasons. They should be upset that they were illegally taking information. Not mad at something that will never happen. 
the uk started a softban on porn... its only matter of time that porn becomes illegal. and then they fight hate speech which leads to ban free speech. 
What about those cam girls and their British accents? What will happen to them?
Why the hell would they do that? Unless it's going to be some pseudo-theocratic or ultra-conservative social government, nobody is going to ban anything of that sort. That stuff keeps people happy at no cost. .The most unstable demographics - teenage to young adult males - are also the primary consumers of pornography. If I were the government, I would keep beer, games, welfare and pornography flowing. As long as the populace is comfortable and somewhat content, they won't have a huge incentive to rise up. .And you know what? It should stay that way. Only an idiot thinks that a revolution will change anything big. It's just going to cause a giant clusterfuck of death and destruction. 
The system never changes , it reboots itsself everytime it is brought down. 
they will be replaced with depressive suicidal political correct transgender pansexual people yelling at you to "check your privilege"... with a british accent.
I think I'm ok with this.

No. Because a lot retarded people here on Reddit and 4chan actually believe this shit, only to feed the mob mentality of a bunch of circlejerking cunts. 
Sees greentext.Gets fucking rustled beyond measure.
Isn't it great?
I've never seen anyone on reddit claim that the NSA cares about their porn habits. If they have, they were probably joking like this guy fucking obviously was. 
The NSA cares about my porn habits.
People get pretty retarded with shit that has no effect on most people's lives..That includes most anything involving the NSA..It's actually annoying how entitled, victimized, and self-important a lot of people feel.
The NSA only cares about your porn habits when the amount of fingers on your hands is higher than the age of the girls.or when your porno is really just encrypted jihad vids


Someone needs to make that gif with googly eyes

It was updated though. More examples of freedom in this one!

You would know, you reposting faggot. 




I didnt link on purpose you stupid bot.
Shut the fuck up, newfag nigger
That's not a bot. That's a guy. You faggot. 
Thats not a faggot. Thats a bot. You guy.
That's not a guy. That's a faggot. You bot.
Faggot.
I'm not your guy, bot!



I used to read 2PAC 4 LYFE magazine
OP is not even trying.
American here who says cinema. Synchronic variation is probably a lot bigger than you think.
The only cinema I have here in 'murica is on my toast. With sugar.
Que?
I don't know about other states, but Texas has a theatre chain called Cinemax.
They're in Washington too
What else do you call the cinema?
In America we say we're going to "the movies" or "the movie theater" or just "the theater".
Do you wear a fedora, too? Fashion style variation is big as well; that doesn't mean every fashion choice is good. 
i've used cinema.
Excuse while I eat some cavear and drink shampain. everyone goes to movies man.
Well aren't you a fancy fucker.
Considering I'm an articulatory phonetician, that's pretty standard vocabulary.
We don't take kindly to your types around here boy.
Go to cinema...  lol.  one does not simply say: go to cinema.
FOUND YOU COMMIE RAT
but i'm an amercanski.
shit i mean i'm American.
SEE WE DON'T EVEN NEED NSA
shut up

*ins kino
*ins Kino
*in das Lichtspielhaus
In deine Mutter
In deines Mutters Genital.
I knew someone would pick me up on that capital letter.
As somebody who is not American I don't understand what you're getting at. Do American's not call it the cinema or something?
That's why he's saying the OP is not even trying..Because it's obviously a brit making the post.
Normally we just call it the shooten range. For example:
We just call them "movie theaters." Saying cinema seems weird, and a bit pretentious. 
Theater.
We call it a movie theater.
They just call it "going to the movies" or movie theaters, but almost never cinema.
Except when they are screening James Bund.  Then it's cinema.
The US is large and the language varies regionally more than people think so it's . OP is American. That being said if someone used "going to the cinema" in a normal conversation I would probably find it weird enough to remark on it or ask them where they were from. 
Oh right, in Britain we go to the cinema to watch a movie.  We say theatre for a place you would go to see a play or musical or something.
There's a difference between "movie theater" and "the theater". Theater is usually presumed to mean "the theater"..People just say they're going to the movies for the other type of theater.
I think we usually say "movie theatre" if we're talking about seeing a movie, otherwise it comes down to context.  Usually if you're going to go see a play, you need to buy tickets in advance, right?  If someone says "want to go to the theatre?", obviously they didn't book their tickets months ahead... they're just talking about going to see a movie.
We Americans most often do the same - use theater to mean play or musical. The vast majority of us say "go to the movies."
Then what do you call the building where the movies are played? Movies building? Doesn't make sense. Cinema makes the most sense and is used in many languages.
We call the buildings movie theaters. A play or musical is performed in a "theater." A movie is shown in a "movie theater." We go to the "movies.".It's just part of our dialect. We know and understand the word cinema. Some of our movie theater franchises have "cinema" in the names, like Regal Cinemas. Some of the buildings are called like "Hoyt Cinema 14." .It's just very uncommon for someone to say they're going to the cinema in America. Words just change over time. Some people call soda "soda" while others call it "pop." If you asked me for a "pop" I'd know what you wanted, even though it's uncommon.
Thanks for the explanation.
theatre and theater, is there a difference?
American's spell it theater and British people spells it theatre.  I'm not sure about the rest of the world.
[deleted]
bisexual at the least, but most likely full-blown.
Hmm, are you sure you are living in America and not in the middle east ? Sure sounds similar.
That's so gay.
I go to the cinema to watch a film 
I go to the pictures. 
The term "theatre" by itself usually implies live stage performance in America too.  The general American slang for cinema is "going to the movies".
Ah right ok, we sometimes say "going to see a film/movie" but generally don't say "going to the movies".
No, we generally say "going to the movies"
Everywhere I've lived in the states, theater and movies can be used pretty interchangeably. 
Odd, I've never heard anyone say they're "going to the theater" in reference to movies. I stand corrected, I s'pose?
I know I've heard it a lot in Michigan and somewhat in the southeast. "Movies" is definitely the majority but nobody has ever been confused when someone says they're at the theater. 
Of course, everywhere is different! :)
This fuck must have lived only in bullshit weirdo states that don't even count, like maine and delaware
Although "theatre" is for the fancier type of show or for the building itself, while "theater" is the more typical show or for the art of theater itself.
I'm pretty sure they're interchangeable--in my own preference, I use "theatre" when referring to live stage performance in any sense, and "theater" for a place that shows movies.  Your mileage may vary
I go to the talkies.
I just wait until it's online and then torrent it. I'm American, for reference.
You have the confession NSA. Lock 'em away boys. 
I... I was told there would be freedom.
I don't know about you, but if someone says "film" instead of "movie" I immediately think they are a pretentious douche.
Are you American? If so, that'd make sense. But in England a lot of people say film instead of movie. 
TYL Dutch people are douches; there is no word for 'movie' in Dutch, only film.
is it the same word for camera film?  Like "I need to develop this film"?
We're talking English you foreigner!
Same deal in italian.Film=movie(s) 
Well so am I, am I not?
We don't recognize other languages is America, you fool!
Not quite. In Dutch we use the word 'fotorolletje' (film roll), film by itself really just means a cinema videofilm.
Smoke American fag while watching the tele..Barmy, twas shot in the bollocks!
Your British slang is all wrong. Step it up m8.
u w0t.
il rek u cunt, swear on me mums life
you slaaaaaaag


Barmy = Insane, he should have used blimey.twas = old english. Isn't really used anymore.tele =  should be telly. Some people may disagree, those people are wrong.
He checks out. He has a Beatles album for a name. This guy looks at Q.Elizabeth rule34.

Huh? We all jack off to the queen once a day, m8, as an offering to her. You must be one of them yanks trying to infiltrate us
Calls me a yank.U fukin wot m8? U wanna go? 
Didn't want your yank mind confused with words you don't know..So I swear down on me mums lyf mate, call me a yank and ill fuckin wreck you

That makes complete sense. They Jack off to her in her honor and all of their ejaculate releases a tiny bit of energy that is transferred to the queen this is what is keeping her alive.
it's known as the union jack

Well, I know you Brits definitely still call guns 'rooty tooty point n shooties'..And cars are called 'motorized rollinghams'..And pens 'whimsy flimsy mark n scribblers'..I watch Doctor Who. I know all your bollocks, you cheeky cunts.
don't forget bout cold on the cob, chap.
Yeah we call them freedom theaters
'MOVIECA!!!!
Atrocious
Or you know shooting ranges.
So edgy.
2edgy4me.
I remember when I was a wee lad growing up in NYC and went to the cinema. $.99 for a fizzy pop and packet of crisps. 
shit it was $.99!
BANGERS AND MASH
forever i shall now say fizzy pop and not "soda"
Wait...a....minute........YOU'RE NOT AMERICAN!
NIGGER
I enjoy the occasional fizzy pop. The 24 liter, of course.
Cor Blimey governor, you could get a packet of fags for half a shilling to boot. Oh I do love being a Yank. Just off up the apples and pears for a cup of rosey Lea. 
We don't speak like that m8. 
Way dun spake lawk that m8.
yeah, what dozy sod keeps his rosey lee up the apples and pears in this country?  he's avin a giraffe.
Butthurt?
Obviously. The guy's pregnant with a giraffe.
Without a doubt zee triamf of Aymeriken cinema iz Euro-Dizney land. Oh ho, Minnie Mouse la belle. Clintan vingt-seize!
Venti seize. Takes a real man to combine Italian twenty and French sixteen
AH MERDE!!!
mon dieu!
36.
Then why not use trente?
MIAMI WICE #1 NEW SHOW
nuclear wessels?
Stop. Hammertime!
Underrated movie
It's good you came in summer, in winter it can get veeery depressing.
Here's a nickel.
Berlin? I am going nowhere near Berlin!
You know what's depressing? The NSA.
great one, haven't ever seen this repost
Great repost, haven't ever seen this one.
[deleted]
Don't ruin our fun.
great repost, haven't ever seen this one
great repost, haven't ever seen this one
great repost, have not ever seen this one
great repost, haven't ever seen this one
great repost, haven't ever seen this one
great repost, haven't ever seen this one
great repost, haven't ever seen this one
great repost, haven't ever seen this one
great repost, haven't ever seen this one
great repost, haven't ever seen this one
great repost, haven't ever seen this one
irrelevant username
great repost, haven't ever seen this one
Caveats:.1 - OP has no friends;.2- facebook friends hide his posts;.3- no one cares;.4- OP dies in process.
this must be why that fucking movie was so long

Jesus Christ /b/ is so fucking awful
anon makes me want to play metro now
camera quality will be out dated as shit and the cloths. FAIL
I wish I was going to be 27 in 2023 and not 35.
Shitpost is shit. Why the fuck would you post some shitty newfag bullshit and why the fuck has it gotten so many upswags? This isn't front page shit faggot.

anon needs a fucking hobby
Actually it's a 20 year plan. 
What is this stupid ass shit. Who's upvoting this and why.
6,000 UPVOTES SUCK ME DRY FAGITS.
And the quality of the content in here sinks more and more everyday.

I think you're the faggot that doesn't understand how this shit works.
But it's a picture...they can also make the assumption that you took these pictures when you were younger...

Being in the UK, I'm never quite sure when Summer starts..Then I saw this. Summer's here guys. See you in a few months.
Oh, poor you. I'll be staring down 41
You're surprised there are underageds on /b/?

Instant summerfag status achieved..Just asking to be GTFO'd for being underage..OP will not deliver..OP is a faggot.
here is my sum decade   plan. by the year 2030 i will be a millionaire a couple times over and will use that capital to  give the pervert treatmetn to "management" via investment in some specific internet startup made  to   deturn that view of business on it's head: to get workers to participate in their own lives instead of working for the dreams of a shitbird. weels are in motion already, btw.
I want in. I don't have capital, but I want in, none the less.
check out . . and hang in there. in that scene. for a decade or 2. and who knows maybe something inspired from this will actually get some traction in real life..(resuming my delirium:) to avoid  a drop in quality of life  would  take  the backup of  a mass of people, all  invested in that common living project...  to  assure this , to get  this kind of anarchist economy going ...  let's face it, that won't happen without some JOKES. the theories have been aroud for the past 50 years and jack shit is where we are at. so,  a multitude of self-managed workplaces interlinked and interacted with eachother , spontaneously organizing themselves  to eventually establish some kind of  alternative to market economy, yeah. random businesses and cooperatives  providing  balanced workplaces  to urban citizen at first; they  will be favored due to their physical location. maybe something could be aranged for cognifive capital workers, too. basics will have to be covered : collectively buying land for agriculture. a balanced job complex in motion: intellectuals doing some physical work and vice versa but wise to the wisdom of management : to optimise time and effort for maximum productivity but in a humane way.
This is a topic of much of my daily mediations. Thank you.
Maybe it's just me, but people who didn't look good at 17/tended to look awkward then generally look a lot better at 27.
The Curious Case of BenjOP Faggot
He didn't get banned for underage?
Fucking faggotshit right here.
that will . take . .that is 
That's a 20 year plan. Do you even math?
Are you retarded?

Apparently, OP doesn't know any of his Facebook friends in real life. We finally found a realistic green text.
People will just think you're uploading pictures of high school. Retarded plan.
This is a fucking terrible post.
This is a fucking terrible post.
This is a fucking terrible post.
This is a fucking terrible post.
Wonderful post! 10/10 legu!
I saw this going in a different direction:.People will think you are on the craziest workout/diet routine ever.
Yeah, I was really surprise that he went on some Benjamin Button route. I thought he'd get all hot in a few months, or creep people out by his insane aging.
People would just assume OP was just uploading old ass photos taken from 10 years ago.  Anyone could do this with old photos they never uploaded to FB..What a faggot plan
Plus the quality will slowly go down.  I'm sure in 2033 camera quality will make today's look like a turd.
But do it with pictures with only slight changes, not big changes, you know, pics taken within a small time gap.
Happens all the time. I'm always double taking, having to check if some ho lost weight or if she's just doing a "throwback".
I've seen that mentioned, throwback Tuesday or whatever. Is it actually just putting an old picture?
The fat ones who let themselves go have Memory Mondays, Time travel Tuesdays, Waffle Wednesdays, Thrownack Thursdays, Familiar Fridays, Lookingback Saturdays, and Reminiscing Sundays. Basically anythings an excuse to reminisce about the glory days or waffles for fat chicks, so they can show men they have the potential not to be ham beasts. It's a fools game though.
This post annoyed me.




deep
That's what she said.
trite
So your grand master plan is to...pretend you look 17 to a bunch of people who are essentially strangers because you never interact with them..So that you can...hit on divorced moms with kids you went  to high school with by reminding them of their own kids?
Not to disagree with your other points by there are cougars
See, but his style of dress will remind them of when . were his age. He won't look like 17 yr olds in 2023. This concept is called Erotic Crystallization Inertia, coined by Anton LaVey. Yes, that Anton LaVey.
Only hit on them though. If he meets them his plan is ruined.
well, at least he's being honest.
Had to google a greentext, but I had a laugh afterwards
Eh. I'm ok with this. Newfags gotta start somewhere. Seeing as how this one found a way to capitalize on facebook stupidity, I gotta say that he's doing it right.
It's ironic.
I had the blunt she had the chronic
The Lakers beat the Supersonics
My uncle beats me after drinking gin and tonic
H2, O2, Cl2, F2, N2, I2, and Br2 are diatomic. 
To remember this thread I'm using a mnemonic.
Reading this thread like I'm hooked on phonics 
OP's relationships are all platonic.

fag
[deleted]
Now give us your camels. 
shut the fuck up.
Wow bro you sound mad as fuck right now.
I wish i wasnt a newfag so i could be as beta as all the real 4channers. :(
I know. They've all been arguing whose been there the longest longer than any of us could pretend.
hipsters
I think it's more that he . he had to use google to figure it out. If he hadn't said that I wouldn't have prejudged him.
That's a 20 year plan faggot.
This is a bullshit plan
Exactly what I thought. Also it's just OP, not /b/
No, its just Benjamin Button.
/b/enjamin
Yeah, I hate when that happens.
For fuck's sake, why the hell do I have a boner?

This is a work of art
Shame boner. Stop it 
why do i have a boner?
Because he used PNG for a screen capture.
It's just a good story, I mean.. 
It so fucking original. It's orgasmic to see such a great story with no troll ending..EDIT: I want to live in the future....
The rest of the thread, couldn't upload what I wanted to because iPhones can't into imgur album posting.
.

That's a squirrel 
There is a one in ten chance of this happening. This is about as trivial as it gets.
I think the only exception to that rule is the "if god is real/fake" thread.
Fuck off, the title basically says that it's a get post, just don't click on it it's not that hard
If you can run after leg day than you probably didn't workout. 
Have you ever worked out? Your legs aren't immediately sore after a workout. If anything they feel stronger for about an hour post-workout. Then they'll feel really weak and the next couple hours will be filled with soreness.
So if your telling me after you work your muscles to fatigue every set then do the same with isolation work your muscles don't become tired? After leg day I find it hard to depress my clutch on the drive home. 
Implying OP left the house
Gains...gone
rip in peice gains
I weep for his gains
I love how much /fit/ know what theyre talking about


What's so bad about the Ouya?
You're paying 100 dollars for a shitty Android device.
Isn't that what getting an Android device is all about?
It hasn't come out yet, how do you know it'll be shitty?
Backers got their before launch exclusives for some time now.
The Ouya has worse tech than today's Android phones, without the phone. And in the words of 
A quality, refreshing post from the original minds at 4chan.
Literally the worst thing I've ever seen posted here.
Fuck this shit
Fuck you, OP. What a shitty post.
OP trying much too hard to imitate the glue greentext
0/10 I'll give you something to cry about after I molest you
Excuse me? 
o rlly?
The reaction pic made up for the greentext.

0/10 will forget
THIS POST IS SHIT YOU SLUT!
Thanks for putting it in the title asshole .
0/10 did not happen
0/10 <insert denial of authenticity here> <insert random insult here> <insert racist remark here>
The irony of posting a reply template... on the 4chan .. 
Fuck yourself can't
wat
0/10 no wanker negro 
0/10 shit, kill yourself, I'll suck your dick
0/10 punchline in title
TL;DR.
I read a book about the Holocaust this weekend, and this was worse. 
That was a little fucked up.
Just... Holy shit.
/b/ at 2am is a dark place.
My sides are in space, good bye world!!!
I can't wait for the 12th! :D

Where did all of this racism come from?
is this a thing? I remember doing the same thing about 1000 years ago when i was 14.
Niggers acting like niggers.
Upon learning that the user was banned for this post, I have got to say, 
Now shut the fuck up, faggot.
No kidding that was a little over the top.
Sounds like a good birthday for me!
Score! I'm white and my birthday is the 29th.
Show your tits day on my birthday?
I knew I bought this salmon suit for a reason
what exactly . a 0 day? .and day 7 actually looks sorta fun 
[deleted]
Day 22 is everyday for me
i guess im getting a squirrel for my b-day
Lol I work there. As one of these guys. Awesome to be on reddit :)
What a really creative post. Creative/10 would be a creative color again.
So true. 1 million upvotes.
Nah you probably just gave one. 
It's summer.
Fuck you I swear to god of war and with patience. Rich in Dubai in the sky. The apocalypse. Meteor hitting your ship. 2.50 countdown. Light bright intensity. Roar. Dancing. Pure terror. Cycle. End of world two deaths. One intense heat. Other drowning. Go to the light. ........
I don't understand this trend of not fapping. If you feel like having a fap then have a fap. As long as you aren't doing it to the point that your chaffing your dick then you can't overdo it. 
So are there any actual disadvantages to it?
[deleted]
I've never heard anyone say that you get hooked on fapping like heroin, so why are you making this argument?
Much like t-breaks increase highs for ents, fapbreaks increases the sensations in the dicks of fappers. You don't have to go cold turkey for a month or anything but a day or two inbetween makes a big difference.
4/20.4 days off.20 days on
I actually get angry when people mention . like it's helping you in any way..You can do anything in excess of moderation and manage to get a negative effect out of it.  But to not do it at all?  Give me a break.
I'm pretty sure they're not preaching any sort of gospel. Their motto seems to be, "take the challenge you think it's no big deal." Honestly, can you not have enough self-discipline to go for ninety days without fapping? 
I wish that guy who did 30 Days and Supersize Me was still doing stuff. I'd love to see a challenge like that. Fap everyday, twice a day for 30 days and then stop cold turkey for 30 days..Although now that I think of it, I don't think I'd wanna put that on TV...
Say you are addicted to cigarettes. If you are trying to quit would you still smoke a couple times a day/week? No because you will never get rid of the habit. Those guys are trying to get rid of the habit of masturbating multiple times a day and quitting cold turkey seems to work the best. 
Well it's not a very apt comparison because cigarettes are probably one of, if not . most addicting things to which you can subject your body. Also, for some, weaning works much better than quitting cold turkey, in regards to smoking as well as masturbating. It's easier to gradually accustom yourself to needing less of whatever you crave than to jump right into it and have insane cravings for the first week or so.
You are mostly right, though some people do find that quitting cold turkey is the . way they can get rid of an addiction. But . insinuated that . doesn't help ., which is simply not true. In fact, having tried it, I am sure that there are a lot of people that could benefit from also giving it a try. 
For sure, it definitely helps to fap less. Not masturbating at all is overkill but reducing it can increase testosterone which can result in a boost in confidence and can increase (by a little bit) your gains if you are lifting. I myself notice that I'm a lot more comfortable socially when I fap less.
I agree with everything you said. I think porn is the biggest issue though. Fapping alone it's fine but when you add internet porn it can mess you up.
Tell this to . and they will shower you with 5 hours worth of pseudoscience docus about how you are not producing enough testosterone and how are you addicted to jacking. Fun people. 
lolwut!?
Some people thinking having a good wank poisons the body with eeeeeevil bad chemicals. 
Out of curiousity are there any actual disadvantages to fapping? What happens if we don't produce enough testosterone? 
Most of those guys seem to have an actual addiction to porn and fapping. The type that faps multiple times a day, every day. My normal fap habit is maybe 2-3 times a week. I gave it a try and it wasn't even a struggle. At about a month I realized how fucking stupid it was. Nothing was different.
2/3 times a week is way waay under the average.
3 times is basically every other day. Any more than that and you're fapping more days than you're not. There's nothing wrong with that but I'm not horny often enough to need to fap nearly every day. 
nowadays people just got way too much time to even invent these dumb trends...
People really have too much time 
That doesn't work. The expression is "time on their hands," and nobody puts their dick on their hands.
How do you know? Do you watch everyone fap?
Working for NSA has its perks.
Damn you non-native english! .Thanks though, TIL in/on
I tried . and what no fapping does is basically make you really desperate for sex (unless you have a SO) that you'll go out of your normal routine and ask girls out. I had a couple really low moments doing it though since after 4 months of no fapping, I would literally ask almost . girl out.
 
I remember that shit. Fuck me, that was rough the first time I watched it.
Damn brits, being easily amused by fucking oranges.
Jiffy! 2:21-2:45
Dammit and I had just forgot about that. 
Fuck that.
I use my hair to express myself
Jiffy! 2:21-2:45
Jiffy! 2:21-2:45 
Jiffy! 2:15-2:20 
 Jiffy! 2:21-2:45
Jiffy! . 2:21-2:45
As soon as I saw that the paper was called 'The Right Wing', I knew the video was going to take a dark turn.
That was brilliant. Kinda Lynchian, but less obtuse.
Hmm, yes, indubitably. 
I don't think he's coming 
Here are some links that seem to find a deeper meaning in the video.*.
*.
*
Holy hell...
Why is it fucked up? I love it.
Exactly. I don't find it scary at all.
Have you seen the end?
Yes, and that didn't scare or unsettle me either.
How are we not discussing this
Exactly, it's really cool that the creators of the video weren't just trying to make a fucked up video but were trying to show how fucked up the media, even kids media, is.
Yeah the links were very insightful
What's so creepy about that? I understand if you remember in bed and all their frantic movements but it's not that scary if you watch it when it's not 12am
It's really not that creepy and definitely not "really fucked up" It's more like something that would be on Adult Swim. 
I watched it at 0:06 in bed on my phone, thinking of going to . cause I don't feel like sleeping anyway.
It's supposed to be funny, not scary.
the message itself is the fucked up part
That creativity can be dangerous? I agree.
No, that the media and government controls us all from a very young age and causes us to lose our ability to create. They dictate us and turn us into puppets, basically.
I don't remember the government or the media being referenced in the video. I only remember that the puppets started out being enthusiastic about creativity and then became afraid of it when it became scary and decided not to be creative anymore. The underlying implication is that creativity can get scary when it gets too deep, and should therefore be avoided. That's a destructive and dangerous concept. .Of course, the creator of the video was probably being sarcastic, or appealing to irony. If that's the case, then the video is brilliant.
It just looked like the usual retarded kids show stuff until like the last minute
Ah, I was probably unaffected because I expected some messed up stuff from all the people saying "damn dis be scary". I'll get my brother to watch it, see if he's creeped out.
Yeah I was expecting something a bit more weird than what appeared to be a notepad on an acid trip or something.
It's just unsettling.
When everything went into crappy CGI and they replaced the yellow guy I actually lost my shit. Not in a scared way but I actually laughed my ass off, this video is brilliant.
It's very well made but...god that fucking cake thing still gives me the heebie jeebies.
Jesus fucking christ.
I use my hair to express myself.That sounds really boring.I use my hair to express myself
Let's never be creative again.
GREEN IS NOT A CREATIVE COLOUR
THERE'S JUST ONE MORE THING THAT YOU NEED TO KNOW, BEFORE YOU LET YOUR CREATIVITY FLOW
LISTEN TO YOUR HEART
WHEN HE'S CALLING FOR YOU
LISTEN TO THE RAIN
LISTEN TO THE VOICES IN YOUR BRAIN
this hsasnt worked out for me too well lately
COME ON GUYS, LETS GET CREATIVE!
Now lets all agree to never get... Creative again....
Clearly says 
Hey sheeple
reading am hard
Speckledorfed.

I'm pretty sure DuckDuckGo was set up by the NSA as part of an elaborate ruse.
Right. it just auto-flags you instead of waiting until you get on the radar. What's all that privacy needed for, anyway?
"That privacy is for me to know, and you to GTFO."
you must be from /pol/

John Mayer . make top 8 in a guitar tournament where god tiers are banned.
and guitarists are banned
U hatin
That's not even Mac, it's Dillon.
Dillon you son of a bitch!
People are still posting Kony pictures?
Atleast post the full thread you retard.
Would be better to delete this one.
But he didn't call it. That like saying "Look I got a three of a kind wow so amazing" but you didn't even call it
"Nigger tongue my anus" didn't call it either.
What's that pic from?
source of pic, i dont think anyone would want to know anything else.
Sauce on pic, faggot. 
A riverside, or maybe even just slightly in the water.
Wow, I wish I could sympathize with anyone who eats Totino's. I just can't bring myself to even give the slightest shit that anon told OP to kill himself and that OP might be stupid enough to do it. It kinda brings me joy knowing that there will be one less of . people.

Lmao
Lmao
Step 17 has me dying. Literally.
Well. That was dark.
I was almost there this week. It is a funny post anyway.
/thread
[deleted]
6'0" 165 pounds, troller harder faggot
[deleted]

I don't have a scale but I'll post a pic with time stamp, hold on 1 second
there is a word for this,  it s called poetry.
Thanks, this really cheered me up today!./seriously, no sarcasm.
I needed the cynical sarcasm to take the edge off Sunday morning coming down.
I was so frustrated when I read the part about how he dropped the pizza when he grabbed it with his bare hands. Thank god he killed himself. 
Does anyone actually have a good recipe involving these things?
425-450 degrees, toaster oven works great. And I have served them at parties.
...I like this Pizza...and I prefer it in the microwave as opposed to an oven.
Totinos*
"cut into the pizza, through the burnt crust and into the frozen interior".so funny.
Well shit.. I actually screen capped this before I read it, thinking it would have an awesome recipe. And now I have to go kill myself... Thanks for nothing.  
Well my name is Tony and I follow the directions on the box for cooking..
After cooked I roll it up in to one gigantic pizza roll, chow time
Those pizza's are fucking incredible! I could eat them all day if I could. Unfortunately they aren't very healthy and I only get to occasionally let them party with my taste buds while my healthier alternatives aren't looking.
What? Those are fuckin' delicious.
Read it twice before I noticed it skipped seven
Seriously though, along with the pizzas get jalapenos, pepperjack cheese, some extra pepperoni and maybe some salami. Follow instructions, but remove pizza before it's done. Cover with a layer a jalapenos, a layer of extra pepperoni (and salami if you wanted that too), and cover it all with that layer of pepperjack cheese. Put it back in and finish cooking. Delicious.
These are just the resold leftovers from exploded pizza rolls. 
"This taco tastes like Italy!"
Totinos are good IMO but knowing me I'm probably just retarded.
Fucking fat fucks eating pizza. Shits funny though.
So I followed all of these directions to a T, but the middle is STILL frozen.
I thought step 1 was to let it unfreeze? 
Burnt edges or frozen middle. The choice is yours.
Who eats onions on pizza that shit tastes awful.
God I know. Last time I did it I was all 'Shit's nasty as fuck. I can't stop eating it. I hope I die like the faggot fuck I am.'
I fucking love these things. I know they are bad, hence they are good.
*Tostitos. Still funny though. Faggot.
Apparently you didn't pay much attention to step 14.Pay more attention next time you realize your life is shitty.
Totino's
Lol jokes on you, its Totino's. Faggot.
OHHHHH SHIT NIGGA YOU DONE CHANGED THE GAME
It's not a tony's pizza dammit, it's a totinos
OP is a stupid fucking pleb cunt and probably not 'Murican Master Race.
Yeah, Tony's is a completely different brand of frozen pizza. If anything else, at least keep your facts straight, OP.

You dumbass OP already he's too much of a failure for ovens. Check your privilege.
Has anyone ever been to a party where a Tostito's Party Pizza was served?
Has anyone ever been to a party?
I used to serve these to my friends after a night at the bars. 
Has anyone here ever been to a party?
Best 7th birthday party ever, until they all figured out I wasn't really an uncle of anyone there.
No. I've never been to a party. 
Yes. In fact. Mine. We had a freezer full of them and one of my friends asked if he could make one of our pizzas, I said sure. Sure enough, an hour later I got back from the strip club, EVERY ONE OF OUR GODDAMNED PIZZAS WERE GONE!
The tortilla company makes pizzas now?  That's pretty cool.
Yes, and ur mom loved it served with cocks n holes
Jesus Christ /ck/, you guys are supposed to be halfway well-adjusted.
nsfw..........
[deleted]
What is that? It kina looks like a inside-out head's skin...
I have the same knife.
Now try that with wet ice!
what is that?
 Don't throw water in your deepfryer you cunt..Water in a deepfryer evaporates immediately, and doing so it throws the burning oil outside of the pan, causing a giant fireball
Holy shit.
Holy fuck, not expecting that ending.
I was talking about the first link
Shit.
it's really fucking cool though lol
I think he meant the other link. What is that bloody mess?
Probably deer internals. 
Some guy made a thread on /ck/ about hitting a deer with his car, and asked for advice to cook/prep the carcass. Then he dismembered it in the bath, and saved the meat and heart of the animal, storing them in his freezer.
The fact that people listen to advice given on 4chan about things that are clearly dangerous if you take the time to think it out never ceases to amaze me. Its like playing russian roulette.
Make your own crystals 
With a semi-automatic pistol.
Most people actually share good recipes on /ck/. They don't have much trolls and shit.
Except the gun has 5 bullets instead of one
And the gun only holds 5.
and it's not a revolver.
...it's a tentacle
got me in the mood to play League of Legends
mom's spaghetti
Are those the party pizzas served in a bag of corn chips? Cuz these are Totino's, fuckwad. 
This is Tony's pizza. Get your facts straight
Look, I know Tony's. I've had Tony's. Hell, I owe Tony money. This ain't no .. Capisce? 
Read the box
It obviously says "Tony" you smugfuck pleb
[deleted]
no
this is the worst puzzle ever
Found them 
Enjoy your ban faggot.
MODS = GODS
at least I can read tony right yo
Party pizza my ass, maybe a party of midgets who already ate. These fuckers feed one. 
So they are the perfect party pizza for us internet neck beards party of one!
those pizzas dont even have cheese. they are covered in "cheese substitutes made with hydrogenated oil"
They are so calorie dense you can easily feed 3. 
These fuckers feed a third of me. 
 
Yeah one thing that needs to be noted is 5 minutes in the microwave is definitely enough to cook one of these. I do it all the time actually. $1.25 for dinner!
Just buy a good sized rope for $20.
Ok fatty
I think 1 serving is technically 1/2 of the entire pizza, so it feeds 2..Hardly a party.
So where does Tony come in?
I'm right here dawg
Your ex-girlfriend. 

Bet you I know where that pepperoni came from...
Yes, but what parts?.What parts?
The gouch. 
I think you mean the gooch tardass
I think he means the shut the fuck up.
what? Are you mad?
I bet it came from pork, chicken and beef. ;) 
why the fuck does he have a tomato for a hat?
Because he's a faggot.
Because it's cool.
because go fuck yourself
swag
Because he's Italian!
Leterally this. As an Italian I can confirm we wear tomato hats.
Source: I'm an Italian.
That explains Mario, but what about Luigi?
Because pizza.
your anus
Which niggers tongue.
Jump off a bridge. 
Kill yourself
[deleted]




OP fuck off
shit just came full circle 
hahaha holy shit
best plot twist eva.
This is older than time, OP enjoys the company of men 
He just fapped to his conception...........
I think this is the most perfect sentence ever uttered by man.
For every greentext 10 people see, 1 of them haven't seen it before. I am that 10th man. 
Caitlyn  a man da ip 1  
I liked.
It gets funnier each time its posted
Though this was alright i doubt it ever happened
Fapception 
No way is this true.  Where is the vid?
Seen this comment too before. Please go.
shit just came full circle
seen it faggot.
[deleted]
this is fucking older than the internet you faggot piece of shit
So is that why you cropped out the date? Because you're a faggot?
wow you suck. stop trying to save face. 
You should slow down there, champ. You'll choke if you keep sucking cock like that.
who the fuck are you kidding nigger?
Old but still 10/10 lel

I doubt it's real too, but it would be nice to see the video if it were 
It's also old as shit and probably dates back to the Stone Age. Faggot
op you fucking faggot this is old as shit and you fucking cropped the datestamp hoping we were faggots too and wouldn't recognize it
This is old as fuck and has been on her a couple of times. Notice how OP leaves the timestamp out. Take that shit it ., faggot.
[deleted]
Its ok bro dont worry bout these guys it was an honest mistake.
Because your sense of humor is "top post" material.
Shut your nigger mouth.
Nice original content OP. None of us have seen this before. You're totally not a fag.
But I have?
Lrn2srcsm
Holy fuck. OP went straight 18th century on us.
Fuck you OP! Blue balled my feel goods
I thought it would end with him shaving off his beard and the old man asking for the hair so he could glue it onto his own face
You're my boy, Blue!
The Beard lives on.
Saw that coming once he said Finn.
Had the feels, then had a hard time accepting reality. Damnit you put me through 30 seconds of depression and I hit all the stages.
Fuck you OP
Nobody cares, bitch.
[deleted]
I got really excited about this cause my name is Finn too, but then realized it had to do with Michael Finnegan. 
Those feels. 
Dude. Feels.
I was waiting for those
Was the ending a reference to something?
OP was not a fag
That's the entirety of the joke. Do you have a moderate-to-severe case of autism?
No, I have high-functioning autism, Asperger's to be precise..Fucking dumbass.
Who asked you? 
Who cares?
You. I like you. 

Thanks cunt
This isn't 4chan. 
It's a popular children's rhyme in the UK and Ireland. Just had to smile when I saw it.
And the US
and Canada
I'm from Canada and I've never heard it.
That, was kind of awesome.
Dammit, it works both ways.
OP tried so hard to force this to be strange.
wait I dont get it...
That must be a damn fine mustache
Someone listens to Whitechapel..
I know wat I hate and I didn't hate this.
Oh
I'm still trying to process this information
I guess this makes sense...
It's like greentext interpreted on a more abstract layer.
No, no it doesn't and you know it doesn't. 
True...I guess :/
What the fuck
Neil the tard

tardHQ
#5 got me right in the feels, man.
my sides
tl;dr lsd
P-p-present. It's as sad as that commercial with the old guy playing with the toys.
Someone explain what the "spaghetti" is referring to?
Fucking fuck. I just get filled with rage to see fucking anon /b/etas fuck up chances like this, when chances like this don't even present themselves to me. Fix your shit anon, so I have happy stories to read.
No. It's a quest you must make yourself. No one can lead you, no one can follow. 
Go ask your mom.
Google is your friend.
99 store
He dropped his nokia spaghetti 3310i.
The second one made me laugh so hard. I can just imagine him looking completely mortified at ripping his crane in half, and he didn't even talk to her.
lurk moar
The computer lab story wasn't so bad. At least anon had the balls to do something.
Well at least he tried.I could have done something like this 3 years ago but unfortunately I was a big pussy at the time.
The last one has the perfect pic for that emotion...
Best 4chan post in eons.
Best 4chan post in eras. 
[deleted]
Best 4chan post in inches
Best 4chan post in minutes
Oh fuck. I ruined it
Best 4chan post in years.
Best 4chan post in centuries.
Best 4chan post in decades.
It was cancer regardless.
Haha! It is funny because he is German and his grandfather was likely a nazi, who burned dead jews in an oven! Lol! XD 
Best 4chan post in months.
Best 4chan post in 68 years
Go back to Tumblr.
[deleted]
Wow, your so original. 
[deleted]
Cancerous little faggot 
[deleted]
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and Im the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and thats just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre fucking dead, kiddo.
Best 4chan post in nanoseconds.
Best 4chan post in days.
Cheese pizza porn. 
rule 34 on Club Penguin anyone?
Please, for the love of god; NSFW
This happened.
 
That just felt bad...
Just you know, fuck a whole bunch of women the rest of your life and don't get a single grasp of a relationship
Ya that's right fuck cancer patients 
Reddit knows.
He didn't get revenge that was a bullshit greentext
I'd never allow a law to tell me when i can see my own blood, i would just take them and move up north
How the fuck is refusing to get squeezed out of more than 50% of your paycheck considered getting revenge? 
She already got a shitload of his money after cheating on him and screwing other dudes in his house. What a skank.
Fuck your life, that picture is way funnier and more interesting hahaha look at his face
Hell yes 
You act like assholes can't get cancer. I'm like, a thousand percent sure there's at least a handful of cancer patients that totally deserved their cancer. .It's not like only saints get cancer, dude. People get cancer. Some would argue that most people are self-involved assholes. Ergo... most cancer patients are assholes?
Then you'd get immediately arrested for kidnapping and put in jail while the kids get back to mom..I don't agree with the law either but don't be stupid. You can't beat the police.
The goverments wants you to think you cant beat the police, infact people do it alot, its only the dumb ones you hear about!.And i wouldn't make a "stupid plan" i'd work out one that i know would work.
Sure you would, tough guy. 
not a tough guy, just a man with principles, nothing to do with being tough 
Who is steve anyway?
Ex-Wife's new husband
Yeah, what does Steve got to do with it?
Or boyfriend
What's Steve got to do, got to do with it?
oh god I'm not that guy, but I can only imagine how good he must feel. <- Jellybot
iwanttohabeeb.jpg
someone want to explain to me how you could lose your own house and let some douchebag end up living in it. What reasons in the justice system
So pic kinda relevant?
Fuck that bitch!  You are lucky to have seen the Karma come back on her.
This is where being gay has it's perks. Ha, it's a blessing in disguise that I can't get married. 
[deleted]
Nice copy pasta OP.
Two words: prenuptial agreement. 
The worst father ever.
Anons been watching breaking bad
Same here, fuck marriage. Good way to lose half your shit. Btw, this is the best thing i have seen all year. Post more sweet retribution
Amazing. Good for you.
lmfao, yeah, that's the way divorce law works.  Your wife cheats on you, cohabitates with her new man and she gets the house, alimony, and the kids.  Riiiiiiiiiiiiiiight.
Sadly, that's precisely how it works in a load of cases. 
Yeah?  Any evidence to back that up?  Because every divorce I've ever seen has been fair.  
That is 100% the way divorce law works in the state of New Jersey.  My wife cheated (I caught her and confronted her and she had me removed from my residence via restraining order - later dropped).  She got the profits from the sale of the house.  She waived her right to alimony because she couldn't claim to have been committed to the marriage with the affair, but she got the kids because she was a stay at home mom and I was a working father.  Any court would think that the kids are better off in the care of their mother than a babysitter during the day..I'm sorry, but you're naive if you think the courts are fair and balanced when it comes to father's rights in this country.  Unfaithfulness unfortunately does not factor into separation of marriage property or child support amounts in any way.
lol, you are telling one anecdotal story and I'm the one that's 'naive'?  And you're telling it poorly and inaccurately at that.  .Unfaithfulness absolutely does factor into a distribution of assets after separation.  Not only are you wrong about that, but you're dancing around the fact that it happened in YOUR DIVORCE.  Your ex-wife got a $0 alimony payment.  That's pretty good ;).Hell, adultry is a CRIME in NJ, punishable with jail time and fines.  I doubt that's enforced much, but just because you got hosed at your divorce, doesn't mean you know the law.  You have no idea what you're talking about.  
Anecdotal evidence?  It happened to me personally and happens all of the time per the $350/hour attorney I used who has done divorce law for 35 years.  Also, if it's such a CRIME in NJ, why did the judge not punish my adulterous ex despite adultery being brought up and not denied by my ex?.Further, you argue that alimony is somehow equal to equitable distribution of assets...  How do you figure?  An asset is something you own or have together, not future payments to support a future lifestyle, and unfaithfulness DID NOT factor into my ex receiving less in terms of the assets we acquired while we were together.  It also did not factor into the amount of child support I had to pay despite the fact that she was moving from our marriage into a relationship with a man earning six figures..If you claim that's a "fair" divorce, I agree...  It's how the law works, and I don't deny that.  If you call it justice or reasonable then I would disagree completely..I'd like to understand where you get your expertise in divorce law?  I have dealt with several years of court cases defending myself against $70,000 of legal costs paid to my ex wife's attorneys, so I think I can speak pretty accurately to how things work..You claim that someone who is unfaithful is not entitled to the same share of assets as someone who is faithful, and that's not true.  You might want to come off your high horse because you come off as a punk kid with no real experience just spouting off things based on what you think, or what you heard.  I've lived it and gone through years in the court system.  I have the cuts to prove it.  YOU are the one who has no idea what you're talking about.
lol, listen man, you're upset.  That's your problem, not mine.  Read up.  Adultry is a crime on the books in NJ, I said it probably wasn't enforced much.  .You can argue about what is and isn't an asset until you're blue in the face, I don't give a shit.  My point is that adulterous wives don't get some big windfall in divorce, and with your $0 alimony, it would appear that I'm right.  Why your panties are in such a bunch over it, is not my concern..If you wonder about me and where I get my info, keep wondering.  I'm not interested in giving out personal info on a 4chan post on reddit to prove some point to a man arguing with me.  .lol, $70,000 in legal fees?  You got taken for a ride son.  That's a lot of money but it does NOT make you an expert on the law.  Sounds like you didn't even know adultery was illegal.  lmfao, if I come off as a 'punk kid' then again that's your problem (of perception) not mine nor do I give a fuck.  But since we're defining each other, you come off as an angry and bitter old loser whose wife got fucked by the neighbor and you're all bent out of shape about it because your attorney took $70,000 of your dollars.  
And now you come off as someone with no reading comprehension.  I didn't say it was me who paid $70,000 in legal fees.  I said I defended myself IN COURT against $70,000 in legal fees paid to counsel for my ex wife..I'm not upset.  I have been through more shit than you can imagine and I've come out the other end as unscathed as possible with just a little bit of experience on the matter that you claim to have yet can't back up..I don't need personal info about you, your tone and posts give me all the details I need..Again, adultery's legality does not come into play in divorce cases, and alimony does not equate to asset distribution.  You argue that most divorces you have seen are "fair" yet I'd argue that an adulterous wife who moves on with another man's financial support yet taking the lion's share of what you worked for plus custody of the children and receiving large sums in child support every month doesn't equate to "justice".  It is however what's seen as "fair" by our court system.
lol, dude, you are arguing with yourself now.  You are nitpicking and I don't care enough keep this up. .I mean, you're just a whinny bitch and a baby.  You paid no alimony and your other posts make it clear that you stopped payment on the mortgage during the divorce and she ended up with little more than $10 or $15K.  You really misrepresent what's going on.  As for child support, you're supposed to love your children and want them to be raised properly.  That's all the law is doing.  You're just a bitter old bitch about this..Maybe go get yourself a date or something rather than bitterly arguing with people about a legal system that you don't know about your divorce from years ago.
Well, at least I have the ability to comprehend what I read, I can spell, and I know more about what I'm talking about than you..Should I have paid alimony to an ex who left a marriage and directly entered a relationship with a man who provided full financial backing to her?  Should I have continued paying a mortgage on a house where I was removed due to a false allegation and temporary restraining order while having to pay for a place of my own?.Child support?  Sure, I paid every dime and don't take issue with that, however I'd have much preferred having custody and receiving child support given that I was more than capable of supporting them myself, but the "fair" courts as you call them determined that the adulterous ex-wife who got to stay at home while being financially supported by new guy would be better than for them to be raised by their father who was committed and did not cause his marriage to fail..Go get myself a date?  I've moved on...  I've remarried.  I have a son with my wife.  YOU DON'T KNOW ME.  YOU DON'T KNOW SHIT ABOUT THE SITUATION..Let's just quote your own post because you apparently cannot understand why anyone would be arguing with you:."lmfao, yeah, that's the way divorce law works. Your wife cheats on you, cohabitates with her new man and she gets the house, alimony, and the kids. Riiiiiiiiiiiiiiight.".I gave plenty of solid information as to how that's EXACTLY how the courts work and divorce law works and yet you continue to argue.  The fact that alimony is off the table (which consequently raises the amount due in child support per the guidelines) does not somehow make the divorce law reasonable, and that's all I'm arguing.
Then go argue it with someone who cares man, because my original statement is correct and your waxing has been barely on topic and you wildly misrepresent your situation and you 'woe is me's impress no one..You have no idea how the law works, that much is obvious, but I'm glad you took your attorney's word for it... all he took was $70,000 of your dollars... and you're really dissatisfied ;) 
Oh, and while we are on the topic of adultery's legality...  You are 100% incorrect that adultery is illegal in the state of NJ..Credibility as a person of knowledge is built by stating facts, and I'm afraid you've completely destroyed your own..While adultery is illegal in 23 states, New Jersey IS NOT one of them.  Well, I guess that's what you get when you argue divorce law with someone online; all talk, no substance.  I guess it was worth a shot though, and you would have been correct almost 50% of the time, but it would have only taken you a few seconds to actually confirm your statement.  Personally I didn't even think to check legality of adultery when I got divorced because my lawyer made it pretty clear that it did not matter.  I suppose that would make him actually knowledgeable of state law unlike yourself. 
source?


I'm glad you still cannot comprehend that my lawyer did not take $70,000 of my dollars.  Never said that he did.  Nowhere am I crying "woe is me".  Nowhere have I misrepresented my situation..I could care less what you think, nor do I need to convince you of anything.  You apparently think "lol, the courts are fair - how could a judge ever make a bad decision", and I'm done arguing with you.  I think you'll find a very large amount of men who would disagree, but I'll let them argue that point in the future because I am not in the habit of arguing with ignorant or close-minded people..I misrepresent nothing.  I told it like it is.  The legal system is tilted and an adulterous wife has nothing to fear from the system unless they somehow endangered their children.  That much is proven time and time again..All the same I appreciate that I could have relatively civil discourse despite our apparent differences of opinion.  Have a good one.  I wish you well and hope that you never have to actually go through what I did.  It's not fun, and I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy ;).
There is a case of a rich brother needing a kidney transplant from his homeless brother, being refused and dying.
This kind of shit pisses me off! It's a fucked up system
So... I think its time for me to come out da closet. Reddit. I prefer men. 
..and the kids suffer worse because there's even less money now.
unless . doing better then . , in which case the, the kids'll be better off with him..Edit; re-read it. nevermind, you're right.
What a beta faggot op is. He lets that all happen, falls into depression for a two years, and then, by chance, when he gets revenge on the guy who slept with his wife, he feels satisfied. Honestly, the op deserves to be fucked by Steve every night. Also, Steve had no commitment to e relationship, it's his wife he should wish was dying of cancer.
[deleted]
Second thought be the better man and send the dude a wig.
I wasn't paying attention and I thought that Steve was his son...
Except the last part.  Pretty sure op did nothing, Steve never got cancer and he's still fucking the ex wife while op wallows in revenge fantasies.
This is why you marry an Asian girl. Her family is so happy to get some of that 6'4 white master race genes in their blood line that they'll ostracize the daughter if she leaves you. Oh, but this only works if you're white. 
Sounds like that Cohen bros movie.
And yet, Anon's life still sucks.  I guess a pyrrhic victory is still a victory.
I feel like this would fit on . 
[deleted]
No, his ex-wifes new husband is dying.
Oh
Anon didn't do shit. He was just being beta and nature helped him out by giving the guy cancer.
I lol'd at the fact that OP thinks he actually took "revenge" on her
I always love a happy ending. :)
Would have been better if he said he would pay them then when she got the treatment bills refuse to pay them and then know that she didn't prepare another payment and that the rest of her life will be a crippling mess.
bullshit, if the wife was cheating on  him the only way she got the house, majority custody, and payments is if this guy represented himself and is a fucking retard. 
This story is so fucking bad it left me speechles.
The fuck is up with that font
or, this could have been an opportunity for op to accumulate good karma..it's not often we're presented with the opportunity to save someone's life.  he was given the chance, and he refused..sounds like bad karma to me!  if we're talking actual "karma" here.
how do I change internet karma to real karma?
At your local reddit store. 
Everyone loses = happy ending
This is karma. Revenge would be if Anon led on his ex to believe he would front her the money. Then, as her lover reaches the point of no return, deny her the money..At least that's what I would have done.
what kind of 3rd world bullshit is this?
'Murica
Fuck yeah
ITT: what, someone actually believes this shit? 
Yes, it sounds like something that could never possibly happen. Ever. 
your point is moot. it's 4chan.
You are a faggot.
as are you..the circle is complete.
You are right. I'm sure he paid for the guys cancer treatment. 
As a father who got screwed by the US legal system and pay over $1300/month for my 2 daughters, I wish I'd have that kind of satisfaction.  I know it'll never happen though.  That kind of "cosmic justice" is just coincidental and will never erase the pain and struggles that you go through when your entire life is ripped apart..In my case my ex cheated with an older guy who had the money to financially support her to the tune of $70,000 in legal fees to allow her to push as hard as she wanted and appeal any court cases that did not go her way.  Unfortunately having been a young guy without savings I was quickly wiped out financially and could not afford to keep paying lawyers to defend me.  When you have to go up against a lawyer without one, eventually the way our system works you're going to lose..The only solace I think you can take in a situation where you go through something like this is to pay your support, and be a present party for your children in the hopes that when they are old enough they realize what "mommy" did.  Stay strong all you dads.  It sucks when you go through this garbage, but raising kids is more of a marathon than a sprint and if you always tried to do right by your kids they'll see that when they are older. 
And I thought my lil 4 year relationship ending was bad...damn nigga you got fucked
Seriously what the fuck is up with your legal system? It seems like true justice just gets thrown out the window while the one with the biggest wallet and best lawyers win every time.
Unfortunately money and lawyers rule the system and even when you are in the right you can end up getting screwed without a good attorney.  The problem with that is that a good attorney will cost around $300-$500/hour which quickly adds up.
You're just realizing this now?.Amazing.
Yeah, I had it rough, but I was thankfully able to maintain my job/income throughout and come out the other side thankful that I'm no longer with her.  I truly believe that someone capable of doing that to you when you break up is not worth staying with because over the years they'll do worse.
If your wife cheats on you don't you get most of the property?
Not if you don't have a lawyer. 
No, the only thing I got out of it was that I didn't have to pay alimony to her.  The issue with that though is that when you pay alimony the child support is slightly less.  Since she remarried not long after (and had another child), I ended up paying more in the long run with the higher child support payments..As far as property, because I moved out when I found out she was cheating and stopped making payments on our mortgage when we sold our house I ended up getting nothing of the profits from the sale while she walked away with around 10-15k..Thankfully I've had a solid job throughout, but it's not that cut and dry and with the way the courts work it's very hard for a working father to get the kids vs a stay at home mother who has the time to take care of them full time.
Murica
Revenge is a dish best served dead
so wait, he "got revenge" by not paying for her new husbands cancer treatments? is that standard practice where you are from? 
Cheaters never get re-married, then the checks would stop... you think these awful thieves are capable of moving on!?.EDIT: Steve is capable of moving on, without treatment
Anon didn't get revenge. In fact, Anon didn't do shit, he just wallowed in self-pity. This whole greentext was just sad. 
Am I missing something? I thought the whole joke was OP's beta-ness. 
Who gives a shit. You, sir, need to suck a block and die.
Much like Steve.
Fuck off faggot
Did this niglet call me a faggot? You inconsiderate, useless pile of wretched shit the world has ever seen. I bet your dick is as small as your fucking ego.
But... That's not what you want.
So he has a huge dick? Or he has a small ego? Which is it? You can't have it both ways. 
"I bet your dick size is inversely related to your ego" is just too complicated for this idiot.

People who use the word "sir" on the internet like you have just done are . definition of a faggot. Congratulations. 
You wipe your own ass? If so, I suggest you to shut the fuck up, sir asshole
He got to deny them aid..Maybe she'll get aid somewhere else but maybe "Anon" was her only/last hope..Moral: don't live in a country with "fuck you" healthcare system.
Denying them aid isn't revenge. It's just not helping. Revenge would be finding a way to give him cancer. 
Or how about don't divorce someone and take EVERYTHING from them.  Just separate, that's the whole point.
[deleted]
This post gave you cancer.
I'm defective and I'm still alive.
Congratulations, and my apologies. My remark was both callous and uncalled for. 
No worries. I meant that reply to be funny, not to make you feel bad.
No kidding. Scandinavia, here I come!
He was living in a shitty apartment and was probably shitty in the first place so I doubt he would have been much help. Add to the fact that this never even happened and even if it did the story is one sided as fuck and you've got the worst greentext story I've ever read. 
Heh I don't think I've ever read one I believe, but I've certainly read worse!
Karma is the lazy persons revenge.
He doesn't seem to understand Karma. By reacting so coldly, he generated bad Karma for himself. 
Yeah! Be proactive about it..How do I give someone cancer?
Find some chip that will emit small doses of ionizing radiation. Implant that chip somewhere on their body they will not find (drug them and surgically insert under their skin if need be). 
Think you'll want to talk to the Klan about that
Open a smoke detector, remove radioactive material, feed material to target.
There's radioactive material in smoke detectors?
It's kept in the black part. It's what allows the smoke detector to detect smoke. When the beam of radiation inside the chamber is disrupted by smoke, the alarm sounds.
Ah, I see. Interesting!
Depends on which type you get. The two main types are photoelectric (which is usually split into beam application and refractory types) and ionization detectors. Ionization detectors use a tiny bit of americium-241 that emits alpha particles to ionize a certain part of the air inside. This creates a closed circuit. When smoke enters the detector, the smoke particles attach to the clean air (somebody else can get more scientific on that part if they wish), lowering the amount of charge the particles can hold. Once enough smoke is in there, the charge becomes too low and breaks the circuit and tripping the alarm. .They're safe for your home because it's only a tiny amount of radioactive material and also because alpha particles can be stopped by something as thin and weak as paper (so the case around the detector is plenty sufficient). BUT if ingested or inhaled, it's pretty fuckin dangerous.
Learned more about smoke detectors than I ever knew!
Which just goes to show America has all the best elements too.

[deleted]
Ever slept with a path on? Weirdest fucking dreams ever, in a sort of bad way
Nicotine patches don't work, you need an opiate patch for that.

Something something south park saddam hussein
Go getters cut the brakes. 
WILDCARD
Real go getters feed the victim with the victims parents in the form of chilli
[deleted]
Well done, 10 points to gryffindor!
Cartman was the hero of that story right? All those fuckers plotting against him.
nope, it was that band radiohead
kill yourself
That story was omega as fuck, serious he did not even get revenge the guy got sick randomly.
[deleted]
you know cancer is a sickness right?
I think he is saying that calling cancer "being sick" is a gross understatement. 
No I'm pretty sure he's just an idiot thinking he's making a funny.
It isn't. That's what the word sick means. It's often used to refer to people dying of AIDS or worse. 
OP of reddit post is a retard. The story isn't about revenge it's about karma, I agree though, both OPs are omega as fuck.
Kind of stupid how a reddit user missed the whole point being "Karma" isn't it?
I'm 100% alpha certified genius, feel with it son. 

damn you can't doubt it
What you didn't hear about was the isotopes he hide under his side of the bed before he moved out.   
Oh, . id isotop go
Still a real alpha never would have had a divorce.
Alpha and Omega are different though
A real alpha would have divorced that bitch from life.
Yes and no, an Alpha knows how to keep a woman in line and also knows what to look for in a quality mate, icing the bitch it a last ditch sorta move but still valid.
Wow are you some sort of expert on these things?
This kind of stuff scares me to death. I never want to get married, for fear of losing everything and ruining my life in an unfair system.
MGTOW
Dude. This is 4chan. Story isn't true, he's probably a 15 year old gender-queer yada yada yada, just trying to scare you and make a good story in the process. You'll be alright, kid.
If the wife was the one committing adultery then the court wouldn't award her the children and alimony unless the judge was fucked in the head. 
From my understanding it's pretty common. Must be a lot of fucked in the head judges.
Edit: Some possible/actually used rationales:.Children need a mother in their life..She's accustomed to her lifestyle and it wouldn't be fair to take that away from her. .It was one mistake, she shouldn't be too awfully penalized for it. 
I hope you're trolling.
Sorry I was giving possible rationales slash reasons that are actually given. I don't believe in any of them 
Yup, I will either never get married and have kids (which is my intention), or if I ever one day decide to get married I will pre-nup all over that bitch and keep all money seperate. If she can't handle the harsh terms of it, bsically "I will in no way support you in the event of divorce", then fuck her. Plus as an economically stable parent you get more of a chance of equal custody.
Prenups
VASECTOMY
You don't need to worry about child support if you don't have kids.
If you want freedom holla "we want pre-nup"."WE WANT PRE-NUP!"
To be fair, cancer isn't revenge, it is just cancer. 
If I recall, depending on circumstances, you don't just flat out lose half your shit, and then lose half your shit in the future over time as well..All depends on situation/cause of divorce/state of spouses life..Wealthy spouse with another persons support and she was having an affair to start the issue?  I've known multiple people like this and they got off pretty good, hell won out mostly due to good lawyer and not retarded situation..My one friend got to keep both kids, the house, more money went his way in the divorce than her, etc.
"Marriage: Betting half your shit that you will love someone forever." - A comedian who I can't remember the name of.
pre-nup. no pre-nup? no deal. 
Marriage and divorce I think I could handle..Married with kids and divorce? Fuck. That..I ain't payin' some lazy bitch half my money to raise a kid.
This really doesn't happen all that often.
Catch her cheating. She loses everything
Not true at all...  At least not in NJ...  All it does is impact their ability to try to get alimony...  In my case it didn't matter much at all and I still got screwed while new guy paid for her lawyers and helped her hammer my life into the dirt.  And since she didn't work she got custody of the kids because they were better off with the stay at home mom than the working father who couldn't take care of them during the day.
Get money, Fuck bitches. Thats the key of not getting fucked 
I never understood this saying. Does this mean, acquire currency, and THEN having sex with women? Or just saying "fuck off" to women in general and making money.
Either way works. The concept is simple do not let them in your life or they will fuck it. Therefore fucking bitches or making them fuck off works either way
Nah, he's telling all the fuck bitches to get money
Nice
yes
Ishiggydiggydoo
Now I know how life works.
Get a prenup!
Prenups are useless in court. It's almost sad.
Move from Unazistates of America, problem solved.
Be gay (not implying it's a choice), marry a gay guy. If the marriage goes South, everything is split 50/50..Oh, and you won't be offended when people call you a faggot.
Or marry someone with a career as well. I have money that most people dream of. You'd think I'd be going around getting any girl I want, which I probably could but I'm scared of gold diggers and such things. I'll only go after girls who are either super independent or have their own money.
Or.... don't get married??? Why the fuck is everyone treating marriage like an unavoidable thing? 
I want to get married because I want a family. 
Are you religious? Because if not you may be pleased to hear that you can fuck people, and live with them, and have kids together without having to put yourself in a shit position if the relationship ends for whatever reason.
You realize child support exists even outside of marriage? 
I figuratively had no idea.
Nope, but there are government benefits in declaring marriage. If you don't make the wrong choice you can end up happily married and save some money. No one cares if you stay single. Good luck finding a woman willing to have children with you outside of marriage.
Yes, because no woman outside of marriage has children.
I'm incredibly handsome and charming so I'm not too worried.
Haha okay.
I personally believe it is much harder to find a woman willing to bear YOUR children outside a commitment such as marriage. 
Don't worry, if you thunk about stuff like this you'll probably never have the opportunity.
r/menrights we are biting back
lol a subreddit full of spiteful losers who are resentful because they're either unintelligent, unattractive or otherwise unappealing to women. It's all feminism's fault, of course.
Are you being sarcastic, or are you just a moron?
No he is telling the truth.
Honestly I've been with my chick for 6 years and we are finally getting married. The idea of marriage . be a scary one. It not something that should but taken lightly. Fuck the religious ramifications because I'm an atheist but all the same. You are binding to each other for legally and emotionally. When I met my chick, I told her that in this life, we riding. We are gonna hit traffic, argue about directions, fight even, but as long as we are down to do this ., it's gonna be fine. I'll hold her down if she does the same with me. This was into week 3 of us being together. My chick thought I was an asshole at the time but appreciates it now. .Too often I see men be betas with their girls. Too many "yes dears" and appeasement. It's not that you should be a dick to your GF, fiance, or wife but you should always be the voice of reason when her head gets too up in the clouds. but when guys get too caught up in that "boopsy boo cutie pie" shit, your trade in a bit of your position for it. 1 of the 2 has to remain cool and usually easier for the guy. Most of all, if you have even the slight shred of doubt that is based on REAL concern, address it before the "I do"s.. Any chance to blow up and destroy the relationship should be sorted out prior..
It's called prenup. D'ere we go.
Sign a pre-nup. Problem solved
It's not nearly as bad as reddit would have you believe.
Getting married is likely the best choice I've made in life.  It's great.  .My advice is always date or be engaged for a long time.  ...make sure it's right.
You can never tell. People change down the line. It's not a sudden thing. The combination of slowly disliking the things you didn't mind about them at first combined with possible attraction to someone else over time really builds up. Good luck though.
If this ruins your marriage you should never have gotten married in the first place..And if this ruins your marriage you have no moral fiber and you're a complete fucking pussy.
Should probably be 'when She starts slowly disliking the things about you that she didn't mind at first'.
That was what I implied, I guess I figured people aren't mentally retarded. I think he was trolling though. Or mad because he secretly suspects his wife of doing these things and I just reminded him and made him question everything. Probably the former, though.
The real world is not ideal. Humans by nature change over time. Sometimes for the better and they grow closer to their partners, other times the change creates incompatibility. This is not something you can always account for. The idea that every person out there has the capacity to know beyond a doubt 10-30 years in the future if someone will remain a good spouse is absolutely ridiculous; marriage is not magic or fortune telling.
Yeah, I could just be lucky.  7 years married, 3 engaged, and 5 dating before that.  I've felt that we paced it well and at the very least knew what we were getting into.
7 is nothing though. But still, all the best!
Also, . 
Most of the people in that sub are 14, the fuck do they know about kids?
[citation needed]
Flair example : [14 and luv my math 2 much to haf kids]
Getting married is almost like a countdown to when you're going to get divorced because of excruciatingly liberal divorce laws in the US.."So you're telling me, I can get rid of this guy, still get his money, get the house, and be able to fuck anybody I want?" Making divorce more profitable than working things out was a bad idea. Gives no reason for the woman to even .No fault divorce laws. Alimony is such a retarded concept it's painful. "So she gets half of my check as long as she . do anything for the rest of my life?" What's the lesson? You literally have to make enough money to support yourself, while supporting a completely different family. God forbid you ever want to get involved with someone else. 
This is something I really can't understand. Why does no-fault divorce exist? If it's somebody's fault, let them take the goddamn fall.
You get to choose what kind of divorce you file for you know.
Really? I thought it was that in some states (US) there was fault, and in some there wasn't. Who chooses whether to file for no-fault or not?
Frankly, I can't speak definitively on the matter, there are so many states.  In some I know you can file for fault OR no-fault divorce, depending on your wishes and factual circumstances.
You always gotta have a Plan B, rely on yourself! A marriage contract -or how it's called- also helps. Being scared of things is not the way of living a life.
My plan B: money in a Swiss bank account. 
Those marriage contracts are called prenuptial agreements and they get voided by the courts all the time.
No they don't.  I'd love to see some proof or stats backing that up.  .Prenups are thrown out only when they are wildly unfair, fraud, etc.
Yes they do, and of course they only get thrown out when they are unfair or fraudulent. Any contract can be ruled by a judge to be "legally unenforceable"; prenuptial agreements are no exception. One of the most common arguments are that the husband's lawyer represented both parties when the contract was signed. A less common argument is that the woman was so wildly in love that she was not capable of considering the terms of the contract..Granted - only a small percentage of them actually get overturned, but even a small percentage of a large number is still relevant.
Not really.  Since you admit that they only get thrown out when they are unfair, and that only a small percentage of them get thrown out as such, then itwould see that your original statement:." they get voided by the courts all the time.".Is bullshit, and incomplete and a misrepresentation of the system :)
Perhaps that phrase means something different to you than to me. .Car wrecks happen all the time. However, your chances of being in a car wreck are pretty low.
I don't see any need to keep at this, I said my peace on it :)
Piece.
How can a court just say "nah, the contract you both agreed to and signed is bullshit."?
Because the american judicial system has very little to do with justice or common sense.
If they can show the prenup is unfair they can overrule it. In general this idea of annulling unfair contracts is a good thing, it prevents predators who manipulate ignorant people, but it can also be abused.
Courts pretty regularly act outside their powers. Someone has to challenge them to reverse the ruling (and therefore define the court's powers) and anyone who challenges that ruling will be seen as anti-women, since that ruling is almost always in favor of women.
source?
Again, no factual claims here to source..learn to read you cyberstalking moron.
source on cyberstalking moron?
oh that's just sad, going for the troll repeat?  But you didn't start off trolling, so it's kind of just sad and pathetic ;)

[deleted]
He just can't understand why the ladies aren't going crazy for his neckbeard. 
I wish I could grow a neckbeard
if your wife has an education and was making a comparable wage to you during the relationship, you will not be forced to give up half your paycheck. if she was making more you won't have to give up any and you might receive alimony yourself.if your ex decided to forgo those opportunities to help you raise a family or whatever, why shouldn't you have to pay alimony? tending the home is still far from respected and most employers won't count it as "experience". to them, she's been doing nothing for a number of years. her options are now heavily limited because of you. you agreed to be the provider, so finish the job you whiny fuck.if you are in the position of provider and your wife is cheating, stay married, lock down your accounts and find a good divorce lawyer. still might have to pay alimony but marriage is about risk and her share of it is still more than yours, giving up education/employment to rub your dick every night. it's only an unfair system if you're an entitled + pigeon-brained MRA fuck.or get a prenup
I'm a man who thinks feminists are annoying, but I agree with this statement.
Putrid woman is putrid. 
Divorce is mostly unfair to the breadwinner. It's not like most husbands are asking their wives to quit their jobs. Wives do it voluntarily. If a husband asked his wife to quit her job so that she could rub his dick more, than yes she should get alimony, in the same way one pays for an expensive prostitute. But this doesn't happen. If her options are 'heavily limited', it is because of her own decisions. .It's very bold to see a feminist comment on .. You are looking to get into an argument aren't you?
It's actually much more often than not a completely fair system. The problem is that everyone . feels like they are getting less than they deserve.
As a divorce lawyer, this is the truth.  The problem is that when people get divorced, they have to maintain two households instead of one.  Even if they're making the same amount of money, each person will take a hit on their standard of living
But doesn't only one party have to sustain a second household?
Right, but say Moms not working and just at home with kids 1, 2 and 3. She's living on 1/3rd of Dad's income or maybe 1/2 if she's lucky. So, as . said, both parties take a hit.
But that second party was also helping the first party sustain their household during the marriage.  
Yeah but she gets free money and gets to have her children.  Its really not a hit on her.
Right, I forgot being a single mother is really easy..Your stawman evil ex-wife only actually applies to a tiny fraction of divorce cases. A reasonable percentage of divorced fathers can't even be bothered to pay . child support let alone make time for their own children, and most of the rest manage to work something reasonable out with the mother.
But she needs the money. While the husband was out progressing his career, the wife may well have been forgoing that to raise the children. They may have both agreed on this arrangement, but then when the marriage suddenly ends the husband is left in a much better position simply because of his role in their arrangement. Each of them are usually entitled to maintain an equal lifestyle to one another, and despite the exaggerated horror stories that you hear, this is usually what happens.
Maybe it's because I was raised by a single mother who kept me from my father, but it seemed pretty easy for her to drink and sleep everyday.  I'm not saying anything about the percentages or whatever, I'm just saying it's nice to be given the choice to raise your child instead of having it taken from you.
Learn the divorce law of your state. Mine's pretty fair. Some states are not. 
No alimony in Indiana!
And we have corn, so there's that.
Indeed, and custody laws are very generous to dad. I'm on a 50/50 split.
Solution: never marry an American woman.  Instead marry one from a more traditional culture that believes marriage really is a partnership for life but actually lives that rather than mouthing empty platitudes and lies..You still might get bitten if it ever hits US divorce court but the odds are significantly reduced.  
lmfao, yes, treat marriage like a partnership for life.... or in other-words... pay alimony if you break that promise.  
I agree man. My parents were Muslim/Pakistan. They fought alot sure, but divorce was out of the question. Back when I was elementary school, so many kids had their parents split, all white. 
One time my mom got mad, and instead of divorcing my father, she got consuelling for both of them. 
And also no one else cheats. 
Don't marry an America women. 
Divorce is not an evil thing though; some people just do not belong together and it's hard to believe every marriage can work. The issue is that divorce can get really ugly and unfair.
can you imagine getting married, buying a house, having children that you love....
and then one day your spouse goes evil on you, takes a lover, legally tosses you out of your own bed and now another man fucks her and gets her wetter and takes your kids out to the park?
can you imagine your kids calling someone else .? can you imagine just being some occasional weekend guy they see and not really .?.i can envision all that shit late at night but you know what? i did it anyway. i got married. i had kids. i knew all those things could happen, but i love and trust my wife.  it could go to shit tomorrow. i cannot control that. but i love my wife and my kids and i am here. and things are wonderful.  .do not let the Steven Scenario break you down..if you love her and trust her move forward.  do not live in fear. 
who is Steve?
You happened to spin to an empty chamber playing Russian Roulette.  There were five bullets in the gun.  You're still an idiot for playing.
Look up you're next in the dictionary. 
hope not. 
You are literally playing the smallest violin in the world
Its so ridiculously geared toward screwing dads over..Source: divorced father that lost everything, even though I did nothing wrong.
You did a really horrible job convincing us all. Christ, just look at that first paragraph.
You know who else did nothing wrong? Hitler.
That was barely funny the first time
Don't worry sounds like He didn't get much custody with this kids and screwed over because he didn't try hard enough and let himself get depressed and gave up on his kids like a little bitch, which makes people like me angry when they search for sympathy..Source- divorced dad who fought hard and long for his child, won a decent schedule and does the overtime to pay for the legal fees, but hey depression and giving up is an option to I guess.
Hey man I couldn't figure out how to inbox you but I was wondering if I could pick your brain about this subject. Currently about to go through this and need advice. 
Lol I can't figure how to inbox on my iPad, when im home ill inbox you 
Sure but I'm no professional ill make that clear now umm ill inbox you my email :) 

Good luck bro
Damn, I didn't know adding  this post from a cesspool (4chan) to reddit will kick off this thought provoking and helpful discussion.
Yeah this was awesome. Freaky but awesome.
That subreddit is a joke, it might as well be .. Seriously, not only do you people on there need to tell everyone why kids aren't worth it, you also have to constantly talk about children as a distraction in public establishments. It's worse than .. I don't have kids, but y'all are some spiteful motherfuckers. 
"Not wanting children is totally ok. But if you don't like children you're probably a hateful twat."
to be fair, many children are little shits
Yeah, the circlejerk is pretty strong on ., but you can't really say that it's worse than ., where people love to complain about a non existent (or at least intangible) problem vs an actual one. As in ., childfree people feel the pressure of society and just want a place to rant in peace..
The problems on . do exist: they complain about bigotry, fundamentalism, extremism, zealotry and just plain hate. The thing is though, . often muddles up the problems at hand and makes general claims about an entire populace. They almost outright refuse to differentiate various religious groups and cannot comprehend personal convictions vs. actual teachings. For example, crazy creationists = all Christians to them. The problems are very real there, but many of them fail to dig into the heart of the issues at hand.
DAE HATE JEEBUS LOL
Marriage: betting someone half your stuff that you will love them forever. .Or get a prenuptial agreement. 
Marriage: "Hey babe, I bet you half my shit that you won't get tired of me before I die." .Thats my take on marriage. 
As discussed in this post, prenups can be voided or tossed out in court.
They generally need a reason for that though. If you can prove they are cheating on you and you get a divorce, there's a good chance that the prenup will hold.
I don't buy it man. When my parents divorced, my dad got shafted. My mom, who never had a job or even said a kind word to me(an alcoholic), got to keep the house, and got over 1500 dollars a month in just child support, and then some alimony. My dad only got to see us every other weekend. I loved him so much, and I was never allowed to see him. He made alright money, but not enough to lose over 2k a month and support himself. He couldn't even afford a small apartment. Yeah, he went into a depression. But what the hell are you supposed to do when the court rules it one way? I EVEN SPOKE TO THE COURT AND SAID I WANTED TO LIVE WITH HIM, and they knew my mom was an alcoholic. BUT NOOOOOO, she's a "mother", so she got everything..Sorry to rant like that, it's just something that has infuriated me for years.
Jesus what country are you from ?!? And when did this happen ? I heard back in the past it was bad, money wise it is but ill lay some money down just for the sake of discussion even tho is KINDA private hahah but meh .I went to court for three years, cost me 15000 in loans
I pay for one child 480 a month, I have him just under half time .I make take home about ill say 3000 a month ( after all taxes and dedications ).So that may seem bad, here is where my story differs from yours tho ( and I feel for you on yours) my x wife has tried repeatedly to move from my province ( im canadian ) and as of yet the courts have yet to allow her, due to the fact I'm a good dad and Very active in his life, she has not worked a day since I left her 4 years ago, hence why I paid for everything .The thing that grinds my gears is she isn't Canadian, but had a legal aid lawyer since the start and refused to work due to that, while I paid mine, and worked full time plus overtime in a job i dislike so I can fight in court..For anyone that doesn't know, a legal aid lawyer in canada is a lawyer that is free, but as I work full time I'm not able to have one.
I don't understand how you need to pay for a child you're taking care off almost half the time already.
Key word almost, I'm one night away from shared custody, I agreed to a schedule that works with my new position at work ( 12 hour shifts mon-thurs) and I got that position as I'm on a waiting list to go to college full time, so with this court order I wont need to return to court when I go to college as I have him every weekend now, which allows me to attend class full time mon to fri, my new job( after college )  is 4 days on 4 days off, so when I get it ill have him shared custody and the pay check to go to court again... If any of this makes sense. It was really hard to accept the 2 nights three days compared to the 3 nights four days, but I took less knowing ill come back for more. 
Oh and she doesn't work, effects how much I pay I guess, I learned just to suck up the hate and bind my time :) 
I watched my own mom do this. There was never enough money to do shit like get me braces, but she always had plenty to go to the mall. Dad was trying to save up for it but since my mother was leeching half his paycheck, it was that easy. I even told the court I wanted to live elsewhere. Nope. Mom had custody, got child support and alimony..I fucking hate the concept of alimony now.
It's not quite as simple as I've made it for the web. But I'll expand a little. My dad was a president of a division of a company that went under and they didn't pay him for about 6months, he went into debt from loans on the assurance he would be paid soon. He sued the company, but as they were bankrupt he was never received the funds he was awarded. So keep in mind our family was in some debt that he was slowly paying off by working at the Walmart HQ(not a high position, just a real estate job, getting maybe 50k a year). .He was probably around 60k or more in debt when he got that job because our lifestyle was a lot "grander" before then.
So we moved into a new house and my mom carried her alcoholism with her, the relationship deteriorated and they got divorced. He got a good lawyer, his friend, and my mom had a court appointed one..I'm a twin btw, and I also have an older brother he had to support as well. They went to court and somehow found sympathy for my mom, as she talked about the trauma of losing her lavish life of doing laundry and spending money she didn't earn. My dad had a great lawyer, and I was allowed to give a small statement about the marriage, and I told the court I wanted to live with my dad. .The judge heard from my dad's lawyer about the alcoholism, but none of it seemed to matter. He gave my mom rights to the house, told my day to pay 600$ a month for me and my twin(which he later raised to 750$), we barely got to see him..And now a man barely supporting his family, was forced to finish paying for the house he now doesn't own, child support for two kids(my brother was old enough to be on his own), alimony for my mom and also pay for the apartment to live in, asss well as his debt(which she inherited no part of for some double standard reason). .After about 5 years of attempting to break free from this hell hole he died after a long depression..I don't know why I'm telling you all this, but I just wanted you to know that not all dads are lazy and uncaring. He tried so fucking hard, and I loved him so much.  .Edit: I forgot to tell you, I'm from the south in the U.S. and this happened around 2000, 2001.
Sad story, truthfully .I don't mean to say all dads, I was speaking about the dad in the post, and it's true about them taking money in account you may get, my job with no overtime is 40k a year, but I do overtime to pay off my legal loans, so when I went to court they figured out I make about 10k in overtime a year, so my child support is based off 50 k. I didn't like that because after bills are paid I intended to stop doing 24- 36 hours of overtime a week I pull, now I don't have a choice ! And there's the risk of no overtime being offered. Sorry to hear about your dad , you seem to be blessed to have a great dad like I do :)
Damn dude thats fucked up. Im sorry to hear that.
damn man, thats too sad. whatever happened to your mother?
Sorry, man. That's rough.
This wasn't funny nor was there a happy ending. :(
This make me sad.
Man, fuck that branch of the legal system, and fuck divorce lawyers! It sickens me that shit like this is allowed to happen.
The legal system sets men up for failure, yet feminism has the audacity to say women are at a disadvantage in these scenarios.
No, because feminism is about equality. I hate shit like this too even thought I identify as a feminist. 
Humanist here, I don't discriminate shit, because labels are dumb. tfw I have to label myself to not label myself.
Oh no! I use a word that describes how I feel on an issue! How foolish of me!
Oh no! Someone actually agreed with you!  How foolish of me!
You're kidding right? This is in no way true and men are still more privileged than women today. 
[deleted]
Because women (for the most part) don't like math or science, where all the good paying jobs are.
[deleted]
Lies,  and false reporting.   get your head out of the sand and do the fucking research yerself.
 
Look at the stats, they are often just all males in a workplace VS all females. not considering job title.
Do you honestly believe that? 
Nope. This has been debunked. Women more often get paid more for the same job. Plus men make the 99% of workplace fatalities.
Privleged? What are women getting hosed in the streets or something?
Implying that systematic discrimination only comes in the form of getting hosed on the streets? People of color were still mistreated even after they stopped hosing them bc discrimination occurs in many forms. .You really think women and people of color are on the same level as white males? Get a grip
White women are taken care of by the government or by men. I wish I had that option. It's a huge privilege that nobody wants to talk about because it goes against the oppression narrative. Nobody took on extra hours at work so that their black slave could have a better life, but men do it for their wives/kids all the time. Women are not anywhere near as oppressed as black people in general.
Are you fucking kidding me?  This is a daily occurence in divorce.  Men get shafted, and the woman gets half.  Even if they did NOTHING to earn that half..Being a single father,  don't you fuckin DARE bring up "child rearing is a full time job".  No the fuck it isn't.  Not if you do it right.  HAving a full time job and rearing kids is a fucking full time job..More priveledged?  Where are MY domestic abuse shelters?  Where are MY medical programs for mens health issues.  Where is MY alimony?  .Do you also think that men get paid more than women for the same job?  fucking wrong again,  we get paid the same rate.....  but women, as a statistical fact, TAKE MORE TIME OFF THAN MEN.  They also don't do the dangerous jobs that men do the vast majority of the time.  There are exceptions to every rule,  but the thought that men are more privileged is no longer the rule.  It is the exception..It was my PRIVILEGE to educate you on some realities of life.  Now go cry misogyny in a corner where no one cares.
Don't women typically take more time off because of childcare? Either too sick to go to school, school holiday, doctors appointment, last minute cancellation by the scheduled babysitter (that one really annoys me) and usually mom is the one that has to miss work to care for the kids. The women I worked with who did this, while it was annoying they seemed to get more leniency from supervisors for missing work, usually had to do it because the husband was the bread winner. This may not always be the case, but it just seemed you painted an unfair picture of all mothers. 
Which then contributes to the supposed "Wage Gap".  Yes,  you are right in a traditional sense..You also are proving my point.  .And since you brought it up,  Men who take the same amount of time off for the same reasons are released from employment exponentially faster than a woman would be.  Why?  Because of archaic ideals that the womans place is with the children..I don't think I'm painting an unfair picture of how Mothers are viewed in comparison to fathers.  I think society has been painting an unfair picture of gender differences since forever.  With the feminazi take over,  it's getting absolutely ridiculous..Male privilege at it's finest.  We take the dangerous jobs,  we take the shittier hours, and when we take a day off to take care of our sick children more than once, we risk losing those jobs more so than women..And yet it's still an equality issue.  Face it,  gender equality isn't real.  It never will be.  We can only make societal benefits and consequences equal for both sexes.   Which,  they are not.  As far as society is concerned,  Men can burn with the fire, but women only get singed....  and then treated.
You're not going to convince that type. Those idiots have a whole circlejerky sub they can cry to.

You could marry me. I would take good care of your rich fam... your awesome character :3
3 million out of how much? If he said ONLY his lazy ex-wife likely got a lot more. 
She said "only," he has about $10 mil + three commercial properties, the house, and two vacation houses.
He probably means that his grandmother said so..
She got a house with 3 acres of land as well......  That's a huge fucking asset.
Oh shit. I read that as the grandfather complaining. Never mind. Fuck that grandmother. 
Thats fucked up....

Do not get married. Problem solved
I want to but I don't want too.
 
No reason you can't act like you're married without the government getting into it.
Hah! They now have laws protecting women in long term relations as well. 
Common law is automatic and has similar effects. 
Don't marry a cheating bitch, even better.
Well it's a good job we can all see into the future and know this.
common law marriage. After living with someone for long enough they can claim they still influenced your ability to make money and can sue for it in court. 
This is primarily untrue and inaccurate, check your state laws.
I perhaps didn't fully explain what I meant. I understand that, at least in my state, one needs to satisfy three prerequisites in order to establish a common law marriage/agreement, however, that hasn't, and doesn't, stop people going to court to try to prove such a thing exists when the actual paperwork may not. 
Oh come on, ridiculous..I could sue you for being a gorilla, but my suit would get thrown out immediately, with prejudice.  .Yes, you can bring a suit about almost anything, but if it's not valid then you'll be in trouble.  .This was not a valid point to make.
That is an absurd situation, whereas mine is grounded very much in reality. .So, are you saying that if two people lived together for 20 years and never married, and then "separated," and one person filed suit against the other to receive money in a state that recognizes common law marriage, that that suit is implicitly invalid despite there being evidence of an implied contract between the two exemplified through the way they act to the world, and perhaps the filing of same tax forms etc?  
lol, go back to school son, you are using words that you don't understand..Yes, a suit like that would be thrown out.  An 'implied' agreement means there was no 'explicit' agreement, in other words: evidence.  .If you're afraid of any suit a person could bring if they lied, you should just hide under your bed for the rest of your life.  I could claim you punched me in face and sue you for assault.  I could claim you slandered my mother and sue you for that.  Without evidence that it's true, I will lose, and you will win easily, on a motion to dismiss..This is of course not to mention that I would then be subject to counter suit for malicious prosecution, abuse of the system etc.
Only a few states still support this.
Yep: "."
Source?
lol, wow how pathetic.  How many of my posts are you going to stalk?.I LOVE that I devastated your ego so much that you've resorted to this :D

Wives have accidents all the time. Problem solved.
I married my Nintendo.
Directions unclear, penis stuck in console. 
My Nintendo is my waifu.
In some states you can be married after living with someone for a while, even if neither of you want to be married.
I believe this is untrue about all 50 american states.  .I invite you to produce evidence that even 1 state allows a person to end up in a common law marriage, despite his lack of intent to enter into a marriage.  
Whoever owns the house in this sort of relationship should charge their partner rent, and keep it in contract and well documented. I know a couple who is doing this so that they don't become common law wedded.
Doesn't make any sense that you'd owe them anything though, I don't see how "living together" is the same as denying them career opportunities..Justice system is fucked.
source?
lol, asking for a source on a request for a source?  Learn to read..this coming from the guy who says I'm not worth his 'notice'
I'd like to request a source on that
this is referred as common law marriage and is not applicable in some states 
But it is in some, and can fuck you up.
It could help you someday if they want your so to testify against you.
Usually you have to act like you are married.  Shared bank accounts, etc.  It may be more lenient in some states, but we were making fun of two of my friends that have been roommates for a long time about being common law married.  One of them looked it up, and they are safe.  That would be funny if they became common law married once gay marriage was legalized.  
sign a pre nup agreement
Or just start a petition on change.org.
Agreed, then they can't take shit
BAHAHAHA
A prenup can be thrown out if it is found someone was coerced to sign it. Basically if someone feels like they had no choice. Pregnant, needs support of husband, lots of things.
WE WANT PRE NUP! YEAAA!
But then what's the point of marriage? just don't marry

If you ain't no punk.
Holla "We want prenup"
We want prenup
ayyy
nigger
Not even the best pussy in the word is worth involving the state in your love matters with a woman..Especially an American one.
Yep I agree
I second this ;)
"Severe financial imbalance before or after the marriage".Isn't that the fucking point of a prenup?
No..The point of a prenuptual agreement is to allow the parties to come to an agreement about certain specific assets and their destiny in the event of a divorce..Prenuptual agreements were NOT allowed by the courts of this country so that rich men could marry whoever they wanted, divorce them years later after the woman has relied on their marital income and then be left empty handed after forgoing college, years of employment experience or any other series of decisions that arise normally out of marriage.
source?
You're going to have to go back and read the case law to learn that, I'm not going to read it to you..lol, and pretty pathetic the way you are stalking me around now.  I must have really gotten to you ;)
What case law? Damn dude don't go bitching at people for not reading the facts if you don't provide anything at all to read into.
source please?
Nothing I can do about it.  That's the nature of the law.  There is no seminal case where all of this was established and since this is a common law area, there's no legislation that was passed and no history to look at..Don't like it?  Tough shit, that's the way the law works.  

What if we were both poor going into the marriage and then I got a great job and made a ton of money?.If it doesn't protect me there then what the fuck is the point? Either go in rich or go in poor, you're fucked.
If you make a lot of money during the marriage, then she's potentially entitled to that.  Marriage is a partnership.  And if she's home raising kids, cooking meals, keeping house or whatever, then that's part of the deal.  She could be furthering her education or working herself, but if she's not as a result of the marriage then the idea is that you can't just walk away and leave her empty handed.  I think that's a good thing.  Hell, I don't care if she sits on the couch eating bon-bons, if you told her you'd love and provide for her her entire life, then that's the deal.  Even if she works, marriage is communal property and shared, in divorce that's how it's treated.  This isn't a surprise to anyone, if you don't like it don't get married, rather than bitch about a prenup that doesn't accomplish the evil goals you want them to..Plus, I love the presumption that men are going to make more money than their wives.  Or this idea that your wife is going to contribute so little to your marriage.  Set higher standards for yourself, have a wife you love and respect, not one that you think is a lay about bum.  .Plus, you're arguing your original premise without really comprehending my last post or processing it.  
Ok suppose you're right, what financial security does a pre-nup offer me then?
Go ask a lawyer and pay him for his services if you want a legal opinion.  I don't mean to be rude, but I'd be doing them and you a disservice to offer half-assed advice here.  .And again, it's not about 'financial security' so much as it is about designation of assets.  If you want a pre-nup to hold up, just make sure it's fair, where you BOTH are taken care of after the marriage.
Welcome to american justice. Seriously though, just don't get married. It is the ONLY safe way to guarantee you don't get fucked in a divorce.
lol, I love all these posts that assume you'll get fucked over during a divorce because:.They presuppose you'll get divorced.  Manage yourself and your relationships better..They presuppose you'll make more money than your wife.  Set higher goals for yourself, don't resign to marrying a loser..All divorce law really does is make sure that both parties are in a fair and equitable position to continue their lives.  What's so wrong about that?
but if you live w/ someone long enough then you're considered as having  common law marriage or something right?
I believe it depends on the state, but yes you could lose half your money if you've lived together long enough for common-law marriage to be in effect.
I would like an answer to this.
He's correct AFAIK but IANAL. You don't have to actually marry. Moving in together is by law a marriage.
No he's not.  Most states have done away with common law marriage.  Those that do recognize it recognize it only for those grandfathered in and there are specific requirements like holding yourself out to the public as married.  You CANNOT become accidentally married by living with someone, no matter the length of time.
yea so not getting married is no guarentee.
i think I just found the solution to the gay marriage issue
This is incorrect.  Please shut the fuck up and do not pass on bad information..Not only do most states no longer recognize common law marriage, but those that do have typically on grandfathering.  Lastly, you must hold yourself out to be married.  You must declare yourself married, you must tell people you are husband and wife and life that way for years... in the states where you used to be able to do this.  There is no way you can 'accidentally' or otherwise end up married to someone unless you absolutely tried to, and then, only in certain states. 
A little high strung, are we?  Where'd you get your law degree?

This guy knows what's up.
Pre-nups get thrown out all the time. Stick with your waifu pillow and a good bottle of lotion, shit'll never let you down.
sign a post-nup agreement
You are a true gentleman and a scholar. 
lel relevant flair XD./me tips fedora

Yeah, I'd like to see some stats proving that, cause I'm calling bullshit..Pre-nups can be 'thrown out' or considered void, but I've never heard of that happening unless they were monumentally unfair.  Usually when the prenup favors the side with money to the point that the other party gets absolutely nothing  And frankly, if you read the jurisprudence around these decisions, I think they are fair and equitable.  
No, they don't. 
That's one lovely Steyr you've got there, ma'am.
Buy a RealDoll. It's like a woman, but you spend less money on it! (only $65k- god knows how much you'll spend on a . wife)
$65k? Dude, they're just over $6k...
....someone was wrong on the last thread I saw this on, then....
So you just go around repeating random shit you heard on the internet?.That's dumb.
That's basically the Internet in its entirety.
No it's not.  Other, smarter people than you called you on it instantly..You're dumb, not the internet.  Don't try to make your bad behavior everyones'.

when you mean thrown out, you mean as in loads of people do it or courts shit on it and then throw it in your face?
Let's see, $100 for a good waifu pillow or $65K for a fancy sex doll you have to clean out all the damn time? I'll stick with the pillow, at least it'll soak up my tears when I'm done.
I don't know where he got $65k from. He's an order of magnitude off. They're like $6k.

Courts shit on it for being "unfair". Although I have no idea what the rate is, so I'm not sure if "all the time" is applicable.
is this for america only?
No clue.
Depends on how good the lawyer writing it is.
Which I still find ridiculous.  I mean, unless there was some incredibly and intentionally deceptive language in the contract... your SO still fucking signed it.  So for them to have it thrown out is basically saying "Yeah, I'm a dumb shit and cannot possibly be held responsible for my own choices/actions" .   Doesn't help that the massive majority of the time this happens, is when the wife is initiating the divorce and she's the one that gets the prenup thrown out.
I dunno. My girlfriend doesn't speak English as a first language and I could probably write a really unfair prenup and get her to sign it - cause she probably trusts that I wouldn't do exactly that.
What's a really unfair prenup?.If a couple get divorced, they just go their own separate ways, no alimony for either parties. If there's children involved, then it's a bit trickier. If a women fights for full custody, she shouldn't be entitled to any child support. That's not fair, the father can't see his children and has to give the mother money, that she could use for whatever. .That's one viewpoint I have, but I feel that I would support my children even if I wasn't mandated to by a court. But I wouldn't give my ex-wife a blank check, I'd pay to put my kids on insurance, pay for their schooling, sports/activities, and do my best to support them without giving my wife a dime.
Prenup is an agreement if the marriage is annulled. The terms of that agreement can be anything, including the wife getting 100% of the assets owned by both parties. This wouldn't fly in court however since it's unfair to the husband. Basically a prenup will hold up if 1) the state doesn't have a law against it 2) it is fair to both people 3) children are not involved, since they will over ride everything else.
Yeah, in cases like that, if one person could argue that the other party was intentionally being deceitful.. then I could understand.  But from what I've seen, prenups are thrown out for so much less than that. 
Prenups get thrown out often.

[deleted]
I know a lot of women who aren't like that... but it's sad that theres a few loud ones that think they all need to be treated like children. 
No need to NAWALT here. 
Is that a real acronym? Either way, proud to the bones that I figured it out.

What a beta bitch. Should've killed that faggot and raped that hoe.
Will never understand why anyone would buy more than a few dinners and movies to sleep with a girl. 
Well he never asked xD

This is the kind of shit that gets you murdered 
This is the emotional equivalent of premature ejaculation.
I really don't believe the guy told you that. If someone was showering my gf with gifts and fawning over her, I would be pissed off. .Along with the pecks on the cheek and spilling of her heart to him, I would've considered her to be emotionally cheating on me.
If some dweeb wants to buy your girlfriend a bunch of shit that's money in your pocket that you don't have to spend. I'd be pissed off about some beta thinking he's good enough to bone my woman but at some dollar amount the pros start to outweigh the cons. 
Oh Gawd, OP is beta as fucking fuck
WHAT A FUCKING MORON.
at least anon didnt lose the game too
Top comment material if I've ever seen it.
The Jews did this
Thats when you kill her dog.
Eurosluts doing what they do best, manipulating beta white males.
Nah that's beta outrage. You gotta fuck the faggot use lube to establish there are no hard feelings. Make sure his fianc is watching stare into her  eyes to establish dominance. Finish then leave without a word.
I am learning a lot from reddit
I mean, you never asked
That's a dude
This is about as beta as it gets
Who in their right fucking mind blows 3k on a girl they've known for 6 months that kisses them on the cheek? Why can't you jerk off to porn like normal people? Jesus christ I stop hanging out with a girl if I don't fuck her after 3 times of hanging out at my place getting drunk with her and this idiot blew 3k on pecks on the cheek for 6 months. What a pathetic pussy-whipped faggot. I hope he dies alone. 
You never slipped in 'are you seeing someone at the moment?' at any point in three months? Jokes on you. 
Wraps up women nicely.
It's OP's own fault for being a betamax and not making any moves. 
I cunt believe she would do that.
Think of all the hot whores he could've paid for with that money.
so typical...
Well if you can't have her....
For a minute I thought I clicked on the beta stories thread.
Link?
You sure as hell clicked on . beta story though. 
Yeah, if you're a beta bonehead
why? because i party and u dont ;) for ur information dreamingofitaly i get a lot of pussy. more then you could ever think of HAHAHAA ;) so before you downvote me make sure you know who you are talking too ;) because they might be better then you at some stuff like getting pussy and head. I got to go my girlfriend is calling me right now she wants to know if i want to have sex with her ;) i bet you dont even have a girlfriend pussy ;) i bet you have a boyfriend or something ;) HAHA well toodaloo and just no that i downvoted you too that is all HAHA i am going to get sex. something you could only dream about.. oh yeah and guess what teenagers sex isnt hard to get.. you just got to try hard enough and you will get sex. sex is amazing
pce pussy ;)
15edgy17me, nastyb8r
Finally another sex bro. Listen bro, these faggots don't know how it is to have sex with smoking hot dime pieces. I skip school like 3 times a week AT LEAST to bang It out.  And my mom fucking knows that when I come home from school early with a dime girl and go to my room that she needs to leave me the fuck alone or I will put another hole in her FUCKING WALL. It's MY room.
Do you have a fucking eye twitch or something?
Copypasta
ill fukn wrek u m5
So now I'm a car? Otherwise I don't know what you mean by m5.
He's so meta1337, I'm literally in awe.
Why are you even on the Internet? Especially on a subreddit dedicated to 4chan. A site where the phrase "u wot m8" and "I'll fuckin wreck u m8" are thrown around all the time.
Because faggots like you try to hard with all that bullshit and its sad.
Not even beta, just idiotic.  It's like doing construction on a property that you're debating on putting in a bid for.
Filling the tank of a nice car you see..
That's actually a pretty good simile.
OP had it coming for being a puss

Never, ever, ever, EVER buy things for women that are not your girlfriends..Even when they ARE your girlfriend. What in the hell anon. Lol
[deleted]
#cut4bieber
Even I am butthurt.
Seriously this greentext put me in maximum overrustle.

See, I'm not even sure of the scale anymore.  In highschool, if I spent 25 dollars I would expect action.  In college, somehow this got bumped up to 50.  And now at 25, I feel that 100 is the only way to really guarantee it..Girls are getting pricier and smarter.  Should probably start seeing younger girls instead of girls my own age.
You have to adjust for inflation.
No they aren't, you've just been losing your game since highschool. 
Just go buy a cheap bottle of liquor and have sex with some smokin hot gullible as fuck 18 year old. This isn't  morality contest
And in a few more years it will be $200/hour.
you're clearly getting uglier as you age.

I've never touched a girl and am completely incapable of relating/talking to them but I am certain that this experience is representative of how every woman acts and my neckbeard and I are very upset.  I have heard many stories from people on the internet and one or two stories from my tiny social circle that reinforce this perception.  The anecdotal and circumstantial evidence is overwhelming and I hereby declare all women to be guilty.
I read that as "The anecdotal and circumcisional evidence.
Go die cock sucker
I can feel the virginity protruding through this comment.
I just beat my wife after reading this story. 

It's not gay if she has a penis, or at least that's what /fit/ tells me to believe
My wife isn't gay brah
[deleted]
It isn't legal in the state they live in.
Been with her three months and only getting pecks on the cheek should have been a sign
If I'm not fucking her after the first official date, that's a sign.
Yeah, if there were any chemistry, it would have happened within the first couple of weeks at most. 
You can fuck right off beta faggot
I was just saying, a kiss on the cheek after months is not a good sign. 
[deleted]
He can comment however be wants. It's your comment that's out of line. What are you the CEO of the comment suggestion board. Thanks for your advice but I think he can manage posting comments without it
Follow your own advice, faggot.
Ooo super burn!! Where's kelso to hear this? I can't believe you actually used the rarely used word "faggot" to insult me. How clever and unpredictable of you.
What was said? :O
Weeks lmao!! It would have happened on the first or second date, you're precious
They weren't really going out though. 
2 dates = 2 weeks according to the story.  So you're saying the same thing. 
No I'm not saying the same thing. My first two dates with my current Gf were Friday night and then the next night as well and that's when we had sex
[deleted]
Yes early sex for neckbeards, normal sex for everyone normal looking. Everyone fucks on the 1st or 2nd date nowadays. And, good lord I am not saying im cool because I fuck on the first or second date (trust me). Im saying youre uncool because you DONT
And immoral douchebags such as yourself. Just because someone doesn't fuck so soon in a relationship that doesn't mean they're neckbeards or not "normal". Fuck off, asswipe.
Oh so your girl fucked a bunch of guys before you on the first or second date... Nice.
Yes she has, and I couldnt care less.
Yes it does, if youre not fucking within the first three dates, you have no game, period. And a confident, self-assured guy is the only kind of guy that should be considered "normal". Hanging around with a bunch of dudes all the time and not getting laid is not "normal". Any girl that claims to a certain guy that she wants to wait a while (a few weeks) before having sex, will give it up to another guy during the first 3 dates if that guy has enough game. And YES I mean ANY girl. So its actually about girl's morals not mine.  If you are not fucking the girl within the first three dates, and if those first three dates arent within the first week, you have no game and that is the REALITY of things whether you call me or all my other friends that agree douchebags or not. I would bet money you are not getting laid atm.
Oh yeah? What if the girl was raped at a young age, so she doesn't want to have sex until she trust the guy? No amount of "game" will make her want to have sex in the first three dates. You oughta be ashamed..(FYI, I was molested by a girl when I was 9, my mom is a floozy, my father is a pervert, and he often woke me up while masturbating, so if I don't want sex, that doesn't necessarily mean I'M the abnormal one.)
First off, learn grammar. .typin lik dis is a real turnoff.Also, some people aren't into casual sex, and some are conservative, and some are fucking Mormons.
where did i type anything "lik dis"? you mean when I said 1st or 2nd instead of first or second?
Just did
Suddendly I feel sorry
This is too close to home.

Fuck this post made me waiste my alpha time.
Op is just pissed he didn't score the 14 year old girls phone number.
Faggot
lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol lol 
I actually edited out the number. Go to /vp/ and you will find it.
This reminds me of an omegle screencap that had 2 people that were young, but they called each other out to be pedophiles, and they were right.
Link?
I wish I could remember, I never saved it. :(
what the fucking fuck indeed. 

A better title would be: 
FTFY
Simple explanation: he stopped playing Pokemon when he was 3.
Lol I'm only half through the first page and  OP's not gonna git anything
A bit confused. He doesn't walk the dinosaur. Maybe I'm new and don't know the story behind the greentext dinosaur ending. Can anyone explain?
OP got no pussy, might as well quit while I'm not wasting my time on a shitty greentext.
Spoiler alert: He does get it.
TL;DR: OP falls for naive bitch, they fuck, doesn't work out, OP tells us he's way better off than she is, OP still butthurt about them not being together.no dinosaurs, fresh prince or spaghetti here folks
Thanks for that summary. I'd have probably actually read the damn thing if you hadn't done that.
tl;dr
It was a long read but totaly worth it. Im feeling sorry for this guy
Not even worth it

That was deep
19cm dick... No idea if that's big but this is murica so it's now fucking small as fuck
You might be wondering, why OP's ID is different in the end..He claims his internet went off, and indeed, there were no posts from OP after that post for quite some time, so there is reason to believe that was indeed him.
Boring, pointless read. Literally just another "teenage heartbreak backstabbing bitch" story. We've been getting far too many of those recently, and this one was particularly mediocre.

Way too long for me to even waste my time being bored on reading that. 
I know something kind of like this. It's basically a guy ripping a hole in the panty hose, fucking the girl, and then jizzing on her spandex ass. There was a series of movies called "Spandex Loads". pretty hot stuff. It's pretty kinky, because it reminds me of being younger when you're with a girl, and she doesn't want to fuck, but she'll grind on you. I am pretty knowledgeable when it comes to porn and the industry. I've dated a few porn stars, and I have a good memory of the shit I've seen. AMA
[deleted]
thatsthejoke.jpg
s
That comment was really fucking original....
[deleted]
Nobody mentioned "weird" in that image. He said "specific" and OP used "special" because, truth is, there are fetishes that are more common than others.
And I actually know the answer
And what is it?
Came to tell you the answer but seems like ..the shame feels got to ya 
So uh, I actually want those videos that the OP was asking for.
its just called 'assjob'. mostly asians. not always domination though.
I read "special fetish" as a fetish for "special" people  
I actually have this fetish.
got some good links?
Post some videos from your stash...
I have yet to find any
I remember a site that was strictly this. I think It was humpmyfatass.com or something like that. 
I'm not surprised.
Tiffany Preston.
It sounds hot
it is extremely.
I like reading about other people's kinks because it makes me feel better about my own..On an unrelated note if anyone has any pictures or vids of dinosaurs (T-rex especially) having doggystyle sex in a supermarket (other modern settings are fine too) you should send them to me.

Are we talking produce department, freezer aisles, or dairy?
Produce is appreciated, if you can deliver.
Does anyone have vids of the missionary position but with people fully clothed and not having intercourse
So, grinding?.Go to your local nightclub and watch, masturbate, and get kicked out.
I thought this was supposed to be a joke
It's not. I've been kicked out of seven nightclubs for public masturbation, but I've gotten away with it more times than I can count. I like to run up to the couple grinding and explode all over them, then run off into the crowd. They usually never find me.
This can't be true. You would get beaten up so often and a night club isn't that big they would have found you.
You must be new here. Nobody would go onto the Internet just to lie.
They can't put anything on the internet that isn't true
Might want to get that checked out.
it'sajoke.wmd

Does anyone have dragons, or dragon like creatures, having sex with automobiles?
The right shoulder pop ruins it for me
rule 34
yeah, I couldn't finish know that shoulder pop was there.
Is that the dragon from the witcher? 

What about kids?
I.....I...
You what?! Speak up!
So you're telling me this is real life?

It'll cost you
We are anemones picture?
I didn't post that. 
I know. I was just hoping someone may have had it. I couldn't find it.


Oh yeah sorry, threads deleted. 
I read it as Niggers tongue Myans. I was very confused
While everyone's distracted, Niggers tongue my anus. It's nice.

darn
Took 10 minutes for me to figure out
right, right, "what a coincidental reply", etc,.
The punchline:
[deleted]
Can you read?
Congratulations on convincing me you're an utter faggot, op. You really got me.
This guy thinks he's cool.. pathetic..
I'm dyslexic what teh fuck does it say?
SUCKMYPENIS
10 minutes?  OP tells you what the punchline is.  Are you illiterate? 
"Niggers tongue my anus"
Otherwise known as an "Antebellum Bidet".
Thanks for keeping me on my toes OP you asshole.


don't do his work for him, he's supposed to be learning this shit for himself!
Beaten by a minute. I won't call you a ., but you lost, son.
The single, most beta shit I have read this month.

I was trying to be nice, goddamnit!
[deleted]

Are chicken preserves chicken flavored jelly? 
Reposting faggot. I fucking read this 5 minutes ago.
[deleted]
For the nsfw of love shut the dickfuck up
Bretty good
[deleted]
oh good lord
nice fucking repost faggot
9.5/10
hahaahahah
Amazing
Same punchline. Didn't laugh because of that.
I know this isn't original and I've seen the like before...but it caught me off guard. Good job!
Wow.
feels good man.jpg
[deleted]
Please kill yourself.
Where are these preschools with all these baby goats?
twisted like nipples
[deleted]
How is this relevant?
How is it not?
anyone who didn't see that coming from the title is a retard
[deleted]

Il kil u pls
OP is one of the biggest faggots on reddit
U r a faget
I'm not your /b/ro, pal.
You are a complete fucking faggot OP

This is in no way OC. 
Old Copypasta.
Pretty sure that shit means repost.
Wow didn't expect that plot twist
Did you just call us /b/ros?? I'll fucking kill you.
u wot
 
A . if you will.
Totally original post there OP. Great job never seen this one before
If I haven't seem it, it's new to me! But yeah. It's common fo repost
I'm not sure if troll/sarcasm or serious.
I hate to bust your bubble, but I have seen this exactly one time before. 



Implying that I haven't Seen this on reddit at least four times before.

If he's seen it, nobody else is allowed.
If most of us have all seen it 6 times most of us don't want to see it a 7th.
Yea, that's what the voting system is for faggot. Downvote and move on with your miserable life.
[deleted]
Nigger, nobody here wants to pander to autists just getting let out of high school.
[deleted]
Have you ever read a post on reddit and wondered whether or not it is copypasta? It is almost as though half the posts are pasta. Maybe they all are. Maybe this one is. Maybe it is not. Maybe it will become pasta at some point in time. Maybe it will be pasta'd over and over in this very thread. Maybe more threads will be made filled with this post. Although I fear it, I wouldn't doubt it.
Good point I never thought of it like that
inside is yellow ;)
Would anyone please explain the funny here? 
Um didn't you see the 10/10 and "sides" posts? If those are there it's automatically funny!
They're literal pictures of music genres.
Mildly clever.
XD
This is clever stuff, and not related to NMH so I am impressed.
iGod is one of the few tripfags I like. He proves himself once more.
Completely lost it at 'post-hardcore'. sides/10
DAE sides?
DAE remember /thread? Fuck I'm old
TIL
Say that 2 my fase u fukn nigr
No 4chan emblem, this is not moot..Gotta know your 4chons, kids.
I feel that this is appropriate:
Hrm... Why has moot been so active as of late?
It's fake. 
Read the post numbers you troglodyte mongoloid
I meant it isn't actually moot. Plenty of people have faked it. 
Yeah, legit moot has the 4chan leaves next to his name.
Clovers...
That setup was fucking perfect. Didn't see it coming, and I ain't even mad
I should have known. That fucking picture was related.
Motherfucker.
10/10 would fap to again
10/10 would read again
Wrong choice of words...
My dick is lard.
Fantastic bastard.
What is this making fun of i want to laugh too..
Frazier
Damn i knew i shouldve watched that when i was little... curse you childhood cartoons!!
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck you (original)OP.
This is the first of these that has made me laugh. Thanks, OP, for not being a fag.    
Shit this is perfect
This should clear up confusion. .Theme song from Fraiser.Enjoy .Hey baby, I hear the blues a-callin',
Tossed salad and scrambled eggs.Oh My
Mercy (alt: Quite stylish.).And maybe I seem a bit confused,
Yeah maybe, but I got you pegged!
Ha, Ha, Ha, Ha!.But I don't know what to do with those tossed salads and scrambled eggs.
They're callin' again..(The following are alternate endings).They're callin' again.
Good night, Seattle, we love you.
What is a boy to do. Good night.
Frasier has left the building.
Thank You!
Scambled eggs all over my face. What is a boy to do. Goodnight, everybody.
See you next year, we love ya. ._
Probably one of the few times fraiser has made me laugh hard.
no one gives a fuck
Cool story bro.
It's a smart person thing.  You wouldn't get it.
No, it's not.
It's not that i don't get it, its just Fraiser wasn't that funny.  Wasn't any thing special on Cheers and wasn't anything special on Fraiser.
Naw dude, It's highbrow comedy. Not for everyone. 
[deleted]
ZIMBABWE
BARMITZVAH
BAZOOPERS
BOTSWANA
BERJERBY

Read this immediately after a Frasier bender
I peed so much just now from laughing
Beats dinosaurs and rick
Racist much?
It's almost like he's a puppet!
Jews did 9/11
But they did
Nigger much?
Pic related and OP doesn't cap the pic.  Thanks for nothing, dipshit.
the patriots
I haven't played MGS. Who are the patriots? Are they some cabal of people trying to pull a coup?
Madea Goes Sheeeeit
Huge computers
Well, by MGS4 anyway
Haha oah
They churn out a dozen conspiracy theories per minute, 24/7, and one of them turns out to coincide with real-life events. WHAT ARE THE ODDS??
[deleted]
So there's nothing in between conspiracy but and complacent yes man? Okay. 
[deleted]
Okay, you need it spelled out for you. When you take two extremes, such as "conspiracy nut" and "compacent yes-man", there is a gradient in between them - the extremely large group of people that are in that gradient are what I was referring to.
[deleted]
I'm not trying to help you, I'm laughing at you. Go back to posting facebook pictures of yourself in a Guy Fawkes mask.
[deleted]
I'm not sure you understand how that is supposed to be used. 
Yes, because there is only that other alternative. Strawman somewhere else, please.
[deleted]
Of course I won't. Why waste time on you and this pointless back-and-forth, explaining the obvious?.
(Hint: my last message.)
this is fucking true though
"Handle the friend zone situation correctly and it will become your biggest weapon.".-Winston Churchill
Nice self post faggot.
wat
What's that image called
The noose one? No clue sorry mate. You could crop so youve got a really low def version, the reverse image search to find a clearer image
How the fuck has this not won a Pulitzer prize?
Should have ended "...and it was all a dream."
Fucking brilliant, 10/10
deep shit, man. 
as a wrestling fan...LOL
I guess you could say he was.. . by the .?
I saw that thread lol. I was gonna post it but your quality is better.
X-PAC!!!!
Anon has problems.

This story is second only to "Nick the Autist"
I probably shouldn't be laughing this hard, reading this while in a room with my little cousins, but this is hilarious
superb. 

you could, but it would not be especially amusing
So, google isn't turning up anything for "Harrison Harpoon gay porn." Anybody know any better way to search for obscure gay pornos from the 90s? Like some sort of JSTOR database, but for porn?
Wait, why would you . to see this?
Its posts like this that make 4chan amazing.
Im so confused
Good story. Im glad it really happened.
Fuck. I can't believe I just wasted part of my life reading all that.
TL;DR wrestling fan plays with a Jurassic Park action figure who wrestles against a toy locker. Years later he discovers the toy's name is Harpoon Harrison.  Months later he stumbles across a gay porno with the same title as the action figure's name.  OP watches porno, his "action figure" guy gets buttfucked, a locker is in the background with a smiley face drawn on it.  Locker wins.  OP hates Locker.
This bullshit took up 4 minutes of my life....
TL;DR
gay pornography

Missing out
wouldn't it be awesome if it turned out his cousin eventually turned into Harpoon Harrison on the video
Wow, this one was pretty intense. 10/10 would lock again. 
This is like when the WWE turns its back on its past wrestlers..
but that's a fucking file cabinet. .still excellent post. 
That was a fantastic read, thank you for that. I seriously laughed my ass off, I too was into WCW (First, before it went to shit and died), then got WAY into WWF after, up until John Cena joined, and then I realized how gay it all was. 
oh god, 11/10.best greentext i've ever read
This was the easiest possible "WALK THE DINOSAUR," but I'm glad it didn't end that way and instead we got OP's admittance of faggotry.
Its deeper than that bro. 'Locker' was really op's closet
This is so perfect
GOOD STORY nigger
1000/250 
A+
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
DESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESUDESU
Don't worry, I'm sure you'll come to terms with your sexuality some day.
Fag
This was seriously well done. 
Too autistic to be fictional. 
It's a vibrant cover story to explain why OP watches so much gay porn.
best story i've seen in a while. .mmm, op's tears taste so good. 
TASTE THE HAPPY!
We need more stories like this with legit endings. I was expecting a stupid "Parents walk in, open the door, blah blah blah"
Especially since the character's official occupation involved dinosaurs and leashes.

Oh is that how it goes?  I've literally never seen that before!
[deleted]
...
That...that was sarcasm.
Locker Man is clearly the better opponent 
It's not even locker man. It's just a fucking inanimate object. That shit had me fucking dying.
Still a faggot
Wrestler versus Locker sounds like something TNA would book.
You obviously never saw rick flairs endless feud with his jacket. He would come out and elbow drop it every week. Also in New Japan Pro a ladder held the title for 3 weeks before it fell over and got pinned
I had heard stories of Flair's legendary matches with his robe. And I didn't know about the NJP Ladder champion, but that sounds like a "only in Japan" situation.
It is widely known flair used to blade when a strong gust hit him. After which he wouldgo home and have a battle royale with his wardrobe and finally lose to his trousers figure 4'ing him
Something that SyFy would air.
If you're referring to the early days of the rebooted crapfest that was ECW on SyFy, then yes possibly.
It was more a jab at the fact that SyFy actually airs wrestling now..As if they could get any further from Science Fiction..Wasn't trying to say that wrestling is bad.
If you watched old ecw then you'd know it's more than ok to mock scyfy ecw
my sides were destroyed along w. OPs childhood
one of the better stories i've read lately
No source on the gay porn though. Pity.
I've got this guy somewhere in my house.. Damn..
someone must have fixed that...
Holy fucking shit, I remember having this toy when I was a kid. .The weapon launched some sort of dino trap, with real string to reel it back in.
Ditto, still have it in a box somewhere. We should go "harpooning" together.

"Awkward silence..."
It makes me happy that someone put that in the wiki. And a message to that someone: spell feud right. 
I fixed it. .I'm also happy someone finally has given Harpoon Harrison the recognition he deserves.
great now I have "harpoon harrison gay porn" in the search history of the computer I share with my girlfriend
Why would you search that?
Congrats, you're now the top result for your own search.

The NSA is watching. Hi mom!
Mom look, I'm on a watch-list!

Well played...
dental plan
LISA NEEDS BRACES
Be required to fart on a regular basis.
dental plan
LISA NEEDS BRACES
Thanks a lot, Carl. Now I lost my train of thought.
Clear the history you fuck nut. 
why would you do that when you can just use incognito mode?
Too late! NSA knows
I can get to reddit simply by typing 'r' in the address bar and pressing enter, I'm not giving up that luxury
bookmarks bar works wonders.
Most browsers now allow you to clear the history for the past X hours.
Dental plan...
Bookmarks, have you heard of them?
Go on your search bar, click the down arrow, to see searched items, hit delete on the item you want to get rid of. .There.
How do you not know about incognito mode for Chrome?
If you were on a real browser, you could clear history, yet still retain that.
Highlight the auto-complete and hit shift+del.
OP just made up a sad childhood story to cover up the fact he was watching gay porn
op = faggot
What a revelation 
Psychological warfare. Classy.

By all the Gods this was just perfect.
I'll take OP is a faggot for 200.
I know the guy 

Wasn't this story posted on askreddit but it involved gnomes and a little kid.
Reminds me of Frogdad.
There was a post in an AskReddit thread maybe a year ago where the guy said essentially the exact same thing but replace pineapples with gnomes and school bully with little shit head neighbor. 
Anyone else think showing . would really mess with his mind?
If that happened to me I'd be like "shiiiiit, free pineapple!".
If this story were true id be awesome for the bully, free fucking pineapples!
That's some determination...
Laughed at this for 15 minutes straight.
Should have chosen a cheaper fruit. That shit would get expensive
I want to believe. 
The Stasi (East German Secret Police) had a similar idea. From Wiki:."The Stasi perfected the technique of psychological harassment of perceived enemies known as Zersetzung  a term borrowed from chemistry which literally means "corrosion" or "undermining"..By the 1970s, the Stasi had decided that methods of overt persecution which had been employed up to that time, such as arrest and torture, were too crude and obvious. It was realised that psychological harassment was far less likely to be recognised for what it was, so its victims, and their supporters, were less likely to be provoked into active resistance, given that they would often not be aware of the source of their problems, or even its exact nature. Zersetzung was designed to side-track and "switch off" perceived enemies so that they would lose the will to continue any "inappropriate" activities..Tactics employed under Zersetzung generally involved the disruption of the victims private or family life. This often included breaking into homes and messing with the contents  moving furniture, altering the timing of an alarm, removing pictures from walls or replacing one variety of tea with another. Other practices included smear campaigns, denunciation, provocation, psychological warfare, psychological subversion, wiretapping, bugging, mysterious phone calls or unnecessary deliveries, even including sending a vibrator to a target's wife. Usually victims had no idea the Stasi were responsible. Many thought they were losing their minds, and mental breakdowns and suicide could result..One great advantage of the harassment perpetrated under Zersetzung was that its subtle nature meant that it was able to be denied. That was important given that the GDR was trying to improve its international standing during the 1970s and 80s..Zersetzung techniques have since been adopted by other security agencies, particularly the Russian Federal Security Service (FSB)."
OP waits 6 months to do something? Alpha as fuck my ass.
Make it an orange and go over to r/nosleep
Such pleasant bullshit
if i bully you will you do this to me? i love pineapples!

OP is not an athlete..Also sneaking pineapple into a local ice rink? It's not like there are security teams stopping people from entering and frisking them.
I always wish these stories were real
THIS IS PURE GENIUS!!! LMAO!!!!!!!!!
four chan sucks
[deleted]
"be alpha and resist" what a fucking pussy. 
"like a boss " XdxdXdxdXDXD.  2/10 you fucking gay faggot. 

Fuckin' A
B-b-b-bullshit
As much as redditors seem to hate ., this was pretty funny.
He "does"  hockey? 
hope he likes dem 'apples
[deleted]
Op then decided to do a somersault. 
I must be the only one that's seen this before
I want this story to be true.
Don't bully kids you could get mentally scared for life by Pineapples!
marry me. 
Honestly, if that happened, I'd just say "Ooh, free pineapple!" and eat it. 
"find blind spot in security cameras".Sure he did.
Only a pineapple could've inspired this much paranoia and dread. A mango, avocado, or papaya wouldn't have worked.

He ruined Spongebob for the guy
all while reading, . kept playing in my head

 would love you
And I would probably love it too, but I haven't caught up on all the new episodes yet and I don't wanna get spoiled :(
This is like being a serial killer, minus the killing.
Could someone link to other posts like this? Appreciate it
This is like those orange stories by 
Why not bananas or cucumbers or celery or something smaller? Pineapples are expensive 
Not expensive if you  buy the pias ala pineapple at Mexican Grocery stores. .I just bought 2 for $2... Now drinking Agua Fresca de Pia. .And make tepache. 
what a douche. what an absolute douche. 
the greatest story ever told

Do 16 year olds have motobikes they ride to school?
OP accidentally left a pineapple on the set of how I met your mother
And one day....a banana !!!!
Bullied (once) becomes the bully (for years). Congrats OP, you're a douche who messed someone else's life up because you're a jealous, lonely bastard. 
TIL that the USA is even more ass-backwards than I thought, and we're pretty much the only nation that . call them "ananas"...
I'm sure that happened. No, really...
heh heh 
What kind of communist country do you live in where they frisk you at the local ice rink? You might want to move. 
America
I've been to America for hockey tournaments. No they fucking don't.

Phaek and gay. 
how about not using a meme and coming up with an original statement
op is a faggot
Damnit Trudy, what about the pineapple?
[deleted]
Well, it's one thing to mess with the Ladies Jr. Dance Recital but to mess with people who have knives on their feet and carry weapons ... 
OP delivers, thank u xo.
Pineapples cost like... 3 dollars? Tops?
I fucking wish. $5 for a large pineapple.
You must be tropical
So /b/ is literally the Internet Stasi now?
why
Why what? 
pineapples cost like 10 bucks a pop.who the fuck would spend this much cash for such a stupid reason
This is what the guy in the story wishes he did while he cried himself to sleep every night.In reality Shitgut bullied him every day until school finished
This reminds me of HIMYM.
Am I the only one here curious about the pineapple?!
Yes. Nobody gives a fuck what you think either
I wanted the story to end with, "then i slept with shitgut and left the pineapple by his bed while i sneak out his bedroom window"
Where do you live that pineapples are 10 bucks a piece?
apparently somewhere like alaska or greenland
Solution to bullying: buy expensive tropical fruit for bully for ~4 years, wait for them to go bananas (LOL!!!!!)
"wait for them to go ananas."  .FTFY
This happened.
ananas.
Yes, send him the fruit that is the symbol of hospitality. That will really scare him. Next up, you should give him hugs and a hand job.
10/10 OP
Dude, where do you live that hospitable people just go around going handjobs? 
something something mother and son
It's the international gay to straight handshake. If you're gay you get the international gay to gay handshake which is a blowjob.
About half way through this story I realized that, in fact, you are the bully and not 'Shitgut'
Where did my sides go.
you wish you lost your love handles.
i lose them with this one weird trick
Doctors must hate you.
Fuck you Margret!
So this is what goes on in the mind of a disciplined sociopath.
Or someone high. 
Maybe they just wanted to express themselves?
The picture of Teddy Roosevelt somehow elevated this story for me.
TR loved this kind of shit.
Must be a good one if Big Ted is even on it.
i can't think of a more menacing fruit than a pineapple.
dragon fruit 
Of all the produce items to shove up one's urethra, that's the boss.
Well, ya threatened to shove a pineapple up his dickhole. Which, again: ick.
sploosh
This is a .. Do what anon did with this fruit and your enemy will snap in half the time.
That's a cherimoya.
And it tastes good as fuck
Somewhere on the internet, there will be a video of someone inserting that into an asshole or vaghole..Please find it.
find it yourself faggot
Fuck that pussfruit, use a durian.
This guy knows what's up. Not only are durian huge and weird looking, they smell fucking awful. 
Most people will not know the horrid fruit that it is.  Unless they are familiar with south east Asia... 
Everyone who has played Super Mario Sunshine knows what a durian is, and thinks it would be fun to use as a soccer ball.
Or the new Animal Crossing game and has visited the island.

 is not that fit.
I love that image.

Is that a croissant?

It looks like it's filled with .. 

I believe Andrew Zimmern did to. It's one of the only things that I remember him not liking.
Oh yeah I forgot about his. Bourdain loves it, and Zimmern couldn't even stomach it if I recall correctly. 
That seems so backwards. 

No he couldn't, he spit it out.
Oh shit...that durian fruit is horrifying to eat, and smells/tastes like onion/bad pineapple.  The scent is so strong that fancy hotels throughout SE Asia have to put up signs in the lobby disallowing anyone from bringing that fruit into the establishment, for fear of losing customers to the stinky ass smell.
I'm filipino, my uncles fucking eat that shit like pussy. I can't even--
Why do people eat it? 
Because it's delicious (and I've never seen any SE Asians that hated the smell like Americans/Europeans do)
*raises hand I DO! I DO!
i love durian! i have a pretty low tolerance for disgusting smells but durian has honestly never affected me before. the edible parts have a very creamy texture and taste like custard.
Apparently it tastes good if you can get used to the smell. Though they smell like the inside of a hot dumpster.
It doesn't taste anything like rotten onions, it just smells strongly. Some people like the smell.
How bad does a town have to suck for this to be gossip?."You'll never guess what happened. I heard that someone started hyperventilating at the grocery store and then couldn't continue shopping."."Wow, do you think it could've been a panic attack?"."That's what investigators have suggested, but they're still reviewing the security tapes. Oh, and I heard a rumor that there was a pineapple on the shelf in the beer aisle. They think it might be related."."Daaaamn, I'm going to tell everyone I know about this. Do you happen to know which highschool this person attended?"."Why, of course..."
Not very bad. I spent a couple of years in a reasonably small town. Everyone knows everything.
Small town maybe?
Or, you know, maybe their high school was bigger than 2 people and both OP and Shitgut had mutual acquantainces.
Or maybe, you know, it's fake?
Yeah, it almost certainly is. I was just pointing out why that part of the story is not the most implausible.
Maybe Shitgut was screaming obscenities at the pineapple? Freaking out over a damn fruit? We don't have all the details of a story that may or may not have happened. But i would be talking about that for a while if i saw someone flip their shit over a misplaced pineapple. 
Or maybe it never happened
got you covered, champ.
I guess you didn't grow up in the rural areas. Stories like this actually are passed around. 
It's funny when I see people on youtube be called a "small channel" when they have 10x more subscribers than people that live in my town. I loved growing up in a rural town. 
That's an expensive joke.
It really is. If I wanted to do this, I would do this, except with pennies. 
It's only expensive if you actually do it.
I was thinking the same, and I wouldn't mind having free pinapples for 2 years, I love pineapples, It wouldn't be super weird once that I got used to it, and I would even get some money and sell the pineapples or sell pineapple water, I mean, what's the bid deal, shitgut it's fucking paranoid
When life gives you pineapples... 
Did you know that pineapples make your cum taste better?
Makes my penis burn after I masturbate. I think, I might be allergic.
You're not meant to use the pineapple to masturbate, dumbass.
it's the thought that someone knows where you live, where you work, where you play, where you take a dump. You don't know who they are or whether they're getting bored of just leaving their calling card.
I think, I'm allergic to that comma. 
Yeah, go ahead and eat an ananas that's left out in the open for you by someome you don't know.
Though you were being french by saying ananas. Turns out that's the genus
I've had bags of fresh bananas left on my doorstep four times since I moved into my house a year ago. I asked my neighbors, and no one else has gotten them. At first I was like ., but now I'm like ..
Pineapple.
As if.
Ananas
Pia
Ninta
An anus?
well thinking about that, It would be a better idea to start selling them, if you get 6 of them every 2 weeks, you got yourself some good extra cash
How much does pineapples cost in the US? Because seriously, 6 pineapples isn't even $15 over here.
At the grocery store it must be less than 3 to 5 dollars per, depending on the season (that's what it is in Canada and we are farther from where they can be grown). So a kid selling pineapples? Hmm, I wouldn't take the risk, but if I had to give a price I'd say maybe a dollar or 2 per.
Yeah, then someone dies and jail..On the other hand this is a chance to earn some badass reputation as the ananas killer.
Yeah, until others kill your ass in the prison with pineapples. 
And that someone also broke into your house on several occasions. 
Didn't even occur to me..My priorities are set straight.
Yeah.  I mean, for all he knew the person leaving them could have had them up his ass or something.  
I know that joke!
The one where the vikings raid a Native American village and capture 3 of the native americans, and then they take the three guys and say: "go get a fruit"..So the first guy comes back with cherries. The vikings say "Cherries are kinda small so shove 10 up your ass, and if you laugh we'll kill you". So the native american does as he is told. The next guy comes back holding apples. The vikings say "Apples are kinda big so shove 2 up your ass, but if you laugh we'll kill you"..So the native shoves one up but then starts laughing.."Why did you laugh? You could have lived," one viking says as he lifts up his sword for the kill.."I just saw the other guy, he's got pineapples."
Or something.
I wish this actually happened. 
Obviously he must have figured out the security camera blind spots through trial and error. 
This doesn't even sound close to realistic, pineapples are fucking expensive man
Yeah, sounds like something that could be posted on reddit for oodles of karma..*sigh.If only.
I like to think about it this way; maybe, ., someone out there was inspired by this story to do the same thing. So maybe the original guy didn't do it, but someone else did. It's like he's just tell g the story from that person's point of view. It's pretty far fetched but it makes funny stories like these still a little funny.
[deleted]
That would drive me bananas.
Hey cool
Good to see that someone's idea of a prank is date-raping their roommate with bananas.
Still going to cut off your dick if enders game isnt good?
[deleted]
Remember, you chose a butterknife.
Cutting your dick off or watching Ender's Game?
uuuh...i dont want to jump the gun..but...can i have it if you end up doing so?
There's not even going to be Locke and Demosthenes in it, it's almost guaranteed.
eh, i can see their reasoning why, there's no strong conclusion from that particular plotline within the first book and while it works in a literary context, on screen it would seriously crowd the runtime and lead nowhere in particular. i'm no filmmaker, but it makes perfect sense to me that they'd cut what essentially amounts to a flaccid plot thread.
that... that is a huge disappointment.  
afaik they didn't appear in the first book
I can understand why they would cut that part, to be honest. Peter's political escapades are only truly relevant to the shadow series. 
No Demosthenes? This is an outrage!

Like half the fucking book is devoted to that
Nevermind, I thought what peter and valentine did while ender was in commander school was in the later books.
wat
If you've read the books, you'd know that those two are rather important. Especially later on.
Yeah... exactly why I said that. I suppose only saying "wat" could be be a bit vague, maybe. 
The true story:

otherwise no arguments

won't apologise for being a macfag
YOU CAN'T PLAY SHOOTAN GAMES ON THAT
DIS FILTHY CASUAL BETTA BACK DA FUCK UP
OP is literally 
yfw you realized that picture could be used 
"You're schnerious?"
You win.
 
But it's a .jpg!.Edit: Disregard this, I'm a fucking idiot, I thought he linked to . 
and it's relevant! 
There could be no better use for that picture. None.
Are you . swagberg?
the one and only
Nice man

apfel
I believe you mean "ananas."
That's Greek you halfwit.
"Ananas" is "pineapple" in German.
It's called ananas in almost all languages except English... fucking 'murrica..edit: When European explorers discovered this tropical fruit in the Americas, they called them "pineapples" (first so referenced in 1664 due to resemblance to what is now known as the pine cone). Not because of England.... because of 'murrica. I stand by statement. Ananas were found by English speakers in the Americas and named pineapples by them. 
English... fucking ENGLAND FTFY BRO
The best use for that story was to give a reason for that picture. 
Lolling so goddamn hard at the reasoning behind saving them. 
Am I the only one not grossed out in the slightest by the legion of toe/finger nail clippings!? That's all they are... It's not like it's some other nasty body excrement.
My body just shivered and twisted at the sight of that. 
I have the same laptop as op in pictures, good for me
I totally remember that ad.
This isn't as bad. There's been worse, like that guy who kept all his cum in bottles for years
This is probably the warm-up to the bottles man....
Kill me 
..it's pretty fucking nasty dude.
Horrid. Only on /b/...
I swear i thought it was weed.
Have you seen weed before?
Agh my sides
does anyone have any info on SNSV laptops?
Whoa I could save all of my wife's pubes
Eventually he decided show off one more picture of his collection . 


Ok I just emailed him (we still keep in touch about programming stuff). I'm not going to point him here, but I'm going to tease him relentlessly and pretend like I saw it while browsing /fa/.
[deleted]
What bro?
Forget what he's wearing, look at that laminate flooring! What do you think he cleans it with? I've used that Swiffer Wood solution shit and it's no good. Orange Glow sucks too, could you ask him what he uses?
Will do
What is the eta on this. I fucking NEED this info man
WHAT IS DIFFEOMORPH UP TO?! I NEED THE ANSWER!
I will give GIVE you felactio if you awnser Diffeomorph
that enormous thing in his breast pocket
Any given neckbeard. 
That's what r/mfa looks like. I went there a couple of times to see if I could find something interesting and suggestions on what to do to dress up a leather jacket. You don't. All I found was pictures of fruitcakes wearing girl's pants and the hipsters that I made fun of in high school.

Not to mention, they advocate for expensive as fuck shit and will fight you to the death about whether it's actually better than a slightly cheaper alternative..Fashion is just 1. Fit 2. Colors that go together 3. Brand recognition.I'll just take 1 and 2 thanks.
I had a friend post there about antique shoes and jackets and they all shit on him. 'Buy new clothes poorfag, does your mom not have enough money to buy you Vans? I bet you don't even have any capris Hahaha'.10 seconds later a circlejerk was started on Levi's fake vintage clothes. Those wieners piss me off. I love seeing posts made of people posting their outfits, they are all the fat kids that I laughed at in highschool dressing up like hipsters.

Pants need creases
No it wouldn't
This post is cancer. 
Haha my mom didn't go to college,
Nope.
What does it means yfw?
your face when.
This post is so spot on. Women's suffrage has been squandered by self righteous flappers.  
haha the gandalf makes it
haha yea xd.lmao
SON OF A BITCH.
Yes, yes you are.
The truth hurts, doesn't it?
So much
and that folks... is why you only marry a girl that has actually had to work for a living...
Marry a lower middle class christian chick if you want a loyal white life partner.
This sounds legit.

Your moms loyal to this dick
Is that you Brian?
"Your mom goes to college"
For fuck's sake.
Yeah, college, or universities as we normal folk call them, are very different here in the uk.
The United Kingdom is only 4 feet in perimeter. Everybody has already fucked everybody there.
Universities are very different everywhere, but college is university + campus.
Here in Scotland, all Universities are classed as such, regardless of if a campus is present or not. College is a  place of learning where you can do courses, apprenticeships and get higher qualifications in order to gain entry to Universities.
universities also offer doctorate and masters programs
The thing about incest is that it produces alot of mentally defective offspring, luckily for us we simply shipped them all off to America. You're welcome. Greatest country in the world.
Must suck being bested by your retarded cousins..That must mean that you're really retarded.
your houses are tiny as fuck. get some more breathing room so your brains can have a decent amount of oxygen and then maybe one day you guys won't be retarded. hell, maybe even your brain will finally figure out how to grow teeth the right way. maybe. 
Hahaha, sound like someone's butt hurt, our houses may be smaller, but at least we know how to build them right, you can have a mansion for all it matters, if you keep building it out of balsa wood like the retards you are, build them in tornado hotspots, because you don't have the capacity to comprehend how hillariously retarded it is. Then cry to the news reporters because your city got levelled one afternoon. So you clearly get more fresh air and aren't the smarter for it, you are literally worse than AIDS. 
I can't hear you from the moon
9/11
not even 3000 people died 
for real. people make such a big deal about it, but our policies kill more brown people every day
nein... elevin.
Yeah, you bested us for free health care, free education, and the right to bare arms, where a kid kills 20 of his class mates every few months. And swinging your dicks at every country you can so that you are the constant target of attacks. 'Murica!
Sounds our world domination has you in a perpetual state of colon crucifixion.
World domination. Lol. You got fucked by the sand niggers and are staging a "tactical retreat" If i was going to be pissed at a nation for their domination it would be the Russians, or the Chinese, who are overtaking you on every front globally. Face it, you're a dieing power, going the same way as the British empire (which was more successful than your "dominance") and you can't handle it. Face it, before long the Asians will launch their assault and you'll be eating breakfast in a camp saluting the flag of the rising sun. Pearl harbour will look like The Fawlklands war compared to this shit, and you'll be being mounted by a 3" micro penis daily. 
Your anal anger knows no bounds.
You are literally too dense to insult...
K.  Stay irrelevant, Britain.

Jokes on you faggot, my mom didn't go to college! 
Jokes on . faggot, your mom went to . in the 90's!

Well done on dissecting his joke. You'll be a comedian some day!
Mother should've aborted him.
I feel bad for my dad. He worked 40 hours a week +  engineering school during college, my mom partied. My dad was a virgin when they met, she had already been married. 35 years later, she treats him like shit and he laps it up. .I'm sorry, Dad. 
I feel bad for your dad too.
Seriously? Your dad sounds like a loser. 
He's a successful baby boomer /r9k/. 
Oh god I cringed so hard at the fourth one
i smell pasta in that homer post
That GoT one is at least a year old. 
After having worked in a movie theater through most of high school, that last one sufficiently rustled my jimmies.
10/10 would read again
brilliant.
Last one lelz. 

ok

ok
ok
ok
ok
MGS3?
Yep, and I think it's referring specifically to The Pain.
/thread
Gotta admit though, some people are either just always sick, or just pretend to be always sick to get fucking coddled. I get a cold once a year, sometime during autumn, I feel like shit for a week, then when it's over I fucking get on with my life. Some cunts just gotta man the fuck up.
Cancer is a bug?

Twist: op is a woman
Twist confirmed. Sounds just like a friend I know. 
Holy fucking shit you serious? My life is complete.
How does he still have internet after dem medical bills?
WTF are medical bills? oh nm must be a murica thing.
I can't hear you over the sound of your ruined economy.But seriously I'm pretty jelly.
 (NSFW!)
I'd do what everyone who knew it was going to happen did, take out huge insurance policies on the buildings.
This has been here, and there, then here, and back there and now here again. And 4chan complains about no new content. 
That was lamer than what I thought it would be. 
I live in the UK, so assuming I get to use 8:00am GMT, I put in as many anonymous calls reporting hi-jacking attempts on the flights involved as possible as well as intentions for the crashing into the twin towers.
Oh, this actually happened to me once. I went about my normal routine until I got word of something being wrong.
Smells like really old copy pasta.
hah
Not NSFW.
I came here seriously thinking this was an Askreddit thread.
Nice 
Poop
ITT:.Summerfag dick jokes
Fap.
The fuck is this nsfw?
"Heroes get remembered, legends never die." -Babe Ruth
Where the fuck is cheezeTv and where is the newest ep of Dragon Ball Z?!
Somebody doesn't understand depth of field.  They wouldn't need to blur the cock out... lol. people would either wonder what the blur in the corner of the screen was, or you'd have a video of a cock with a really interesting bokeh.
I was shopping in Target and I saw, in the kids book section, 'I Survived' blah blah, blah'. With a kid looking at the burning towers from like a billion blocks away. So this book exists. For kids. 
This is a repost. It's not the Reddit OP's fault though. 4chan's just not very creative, but I've already read essentially this already.
I find some kids read a book to them and wait for Andy Card to come and inform me "mr president.. it's done.. don't forget to act presidential"
If go to the Pentagon and record that mother fucker, then upload to everything available to stop the feds hiding it.
>implying his cock would be big enough to cover the twin towers even from 100 miles away
NEWFAG DIE
You are an idiot..Edit: Forgot what subreddit I was in. Carry on.
But only two planes hit...
Also audio on building 7 so we can hear the demolition explosives going off. 
What faggot thinks this is nsfw? OP....
Om;cr.
Fuck my wife. Same as I did last time.
Run to the gas station, Grab a 6 pack. Turn on CNN, start up the vcr and wait.
NoU
It happened at 3am, or some shitty time like that where I lived, you cunts. .Fucking obese fundamentalist ass-shitter woke us up. Told us. BUt i was too tired to fuck a fuck.
Olde post, always makes me laugh !
Put every cent into defense contractor firm investments.
I realize i'm going to be late for class and wonder why my shithole parents didn't wake me up and drive me there.
Tell my history teacher (the one who would give a huge speech about 9/11 that lasted all morning - telling us that we're part of history and that this could be the beginning of enormous change... The other students thought it was a bit much but I remember it -- and him, pretty fondly) about it a day in advance and hand him a copy of the speech as best I remember..I tell him not to ask, only to stay in touch when I'm done with school..I had the biggest crush on him, thinking about it..With everything I know now... I could probably convince I'm I'm a member of the illuminati or something instead of a time-traveller..We used to go on about conspiracy theories for hours..Sorry. Feeling a touch nostalgic. 
You are a fucking legend.
Because calling in a bomb threat to evacuate the towers would be dumb?
Laugh, why am I supposed to give a shit about Americans..In 2004, 230,000 people killed in 14 countries by a Tsunami I think I would work on saving those people. 
Because 9/11 was an excuse to fuck shit up world wide. Also, please tell me how you would prevent a tsunami.
I don't need to prevent the tsunami. I have 3 years to develop a a early warning system and safe locations for people to locate during the event. This is the major reason so many people died they just didn't have enough time to react. 
No 9/11.  No Obama for sure.  Maybe Hillary Clinton but probably not.  
[deleted]
Shut up, fucking idiot fag.
Why do they think it would be the only footage? 
LMMMMMOOOOOOOAS SO RANDUM RITE FRIENDS?:)
I'd call the president and tell him 9/11 was going to happen that day.
He'd reply "I know....and noone will ever believe you"
reposting nigger

Get ready for the Tool concert I was supposed to attend that night. Still have ticket stub w/ 9/11 on it to give grand kids. 
Go to the bookies and place a large bet on a terrorists attack happening that day. 
I go to the field in pennsylvania, that's where the real mystery is.
Call Alex Jones, get everything on air/tape before it goes down, so the bush league have a lot harder time forcing the patriot act and starting their wars... Claim I'm from the future with that as proof and tell the people that legalizing all drugs is the only way to save the world...  then wait patiently to get in on the ground floor of bitcoin..
Get popcorn.
Not a damn thing. First, if I called anyone they wouldn't believe me. Second, after I call and tell them and it still happens; I'll have numerous 3 letter agencies water-boarding me wondering how I knew. There's no way they would believe I traveled back in time 12 years.
_o
I thought I was the only one that used tomorrow CSS.
That's pretty fucked up.
Realize there was nothing I could do at that point, so screw it - short stock on US airlines and just buy a ton of apple and google stock....may as well plan for the future.....
Probably could start a religion out of that
There actually is footage of the first plane hitting. 
Be real glad that I've got the entire Twilight Zone, South Park, The Simpsons, and Futurama series on DVD, because I know that TV and the Internet are going to suck for days.
Stay home from my job at the Pentagon. Any proactive action outside of that would get me disappeared.
 
Make sure Mark Wahlberg is on one of the planes.
but then we get no Pain and Gain
I'm actually referencing an interview he gave where he said that if he had been on that plane, there would have been blood in the cockpit because he single-handedly would have taken out the terrorists and landed the plane.  It led to a pretty hilarious meme, "not on my watch."  Check it out:  
Pain and PAIN: Terrorist Edition 7
op is such a dick
i don't even speak portugese or spanish.
Coincidentally, I'm currently listening to . by Christy Moore. .Though I don't think OP's schlong will do much for Chilean democracy..Not once Penishet strikes.
I believe it's pronounced Pinonoir.
you what
Sell all my stock and buy as much google stock as I can
Terrible choice, sell all your stock, then mortgage your house and get a massive loan that morning so you can short all the airline stocks. Use those millions to repay debt, and become a mercenary/hire army to help you raid Osama bin laden's compound. Become most prized hero that has ever been. Ever. .Then, in 2004, buy google stock at IPO. 
Buy Apple stock instead and sell in Mid 2011 when it was almost at $700.
I think what I'd do is take the credit for the job before Al Qaeda, before the planes hit, by posting something online and calling every news station revealing my plan..I'd rot in jail for the rest of my life or be tortured or killed, but I will go down knowing I may have pushed the patriot act back a few years.
That happens after every terrorist attack, it would do nothing. 
You're right, but I still think 9/11 was a trigger in terms of the malleability of the public's standards of ethics and rights to privacy and respect. If you were on TV and you said "If you don't suck my dick, the terrorists win", everybody lined up to blow you.
But if he posted the exact details, with names and numbers and where it hit and everything, stuff people could not possibly guess......"Look at this Usenet post! Forty seven minutes BEFORE the planes hit, it told thenames of ALL the hijackers! What in the name of fuck?" 
Wonder how I slept for 2 1/2 months.
Sell all my stock and buy as much stock for companies that produce American flags as possible
Genius.
Sell short on all the stocks!
Use leverage. Write calls, buy puts.
 You'd have to wait another 3 years.
8/14/04: a new novel by Stephen King.
hop in car.15 minute ride from Logan.stop flights.have dirt dug up.become the next Richard Jewel.sue everyone's ass.bet on Pats to win superbowl.drop the mic.
If you stopped the 9/11 attacks, would the NWO need the Patriots to win the Super Bowl to inspire patriotism?
I was living with my ex of five years. We were fighting. I had to go to work and I remember just hugging her for like 30 minutes (this is after both towers collapsed). Then went to work, left early and hung out with her rest of the day while talking to other family members on the phone. .BEST, MAKEUP, SEX, EVER. Thanks Bin Laden!
Fucking stale copypasta.
Realize I'm in California and go back to sleep.
100 miles  160.93 km.*In Development | . | . *
Except there is already a video with the first plane hitting.
yeah it was OP 
And his nanometer dick was right in the way

Context motherfucker, do you use it?

Take your goddamned pasta back to which ever toilet store you got it from.
Where did you get that suit, the toilet store?
not men's warehouse anymore. they don't like the way i look
What happened on the 9th of November?
Remember remember the 9th of November, two months after the city was just but an ember

Remember, remember the ninth of November. 
u wot m8
FTFY

Good to know so many TILs

There was also some amateur footage of someone coincidentally filming out their window, as presented in 102 Minutes That Changed America. The subsequent footage of the person and her friends flipping the fuck out and running down the emergency stairs makes it too difficult for me to locate. 
Still impressive
I would like to see that.
Watch the documentary. I'm not suffering through that emotional flume ride again just to find the clip.
When did this happen?
9/11
WHOLEY SHEIT
That's from a great documentary where these brothers film a local firestation for half the film then that happens and suddenly they're inside the wtc lobby while the other building collapses and then escaping. It's amazing.
What's it called?
Link to where I could find it? 


Where can I find this? 
Find what?
I don't know. Call in a bomb threat to the pentagon and wtc I guess..Oh hi NSA, this was a theoretial exercise about an impossible scenario with the intention of saving lives not taking them, no need to black bag or dissapear me.
Are you still alive?
I think that would probably cause more deaths in the Pentagon with more people outside. 
That part of the pentagon was thankfully under construction at the time.
Conveniently... dun dun dun duuun
don't say their na-
Call in bomb threats at Logan, Dulles and Newark airport.
Give flight numbers (11, 175, 77, 93) and passenger names (Atta, al-Shehhi, Jarrah and Hanjour).
Those four names are the pilots without them the plan can't work.
You wouldn't be able to find that out if you magically woke up in 2001
Wasn't 11 in the air by 8?
Close enough.
"pilots"
Hey, hitting a 300-foot-wide diagonal with a 150-foot-wide plane is no easy task.
Can't tell if sarcasm? Pilots land on runways narrower than that
Yeah, and their job isn't easy.
It's easier than you think
Doesn't the question assume some prescience, otherwise it's fucking pointless.
Did you know those flight numbers and names before going? I mean I'm just being realistic
you should do some more research on those names. they are alive and well.
?
Yeah, sure. 
I'd go back the fuck to sleep.  Shit's too early
That's actually what I did.  My roommate knocked on my door to let me know what was going on and then he left for work.  I got up a little later, read the news, went to Carl's Jr and bought a couple burgers, then came back home and watched the news all day.

My friend actually stayed home sick that day to play D2.
Yeah troop53no is totally full of shit. I distinctly remember my mom waking my ass up to watch the news as she rightly predicted this would be the most important world event of my life thus far. She then sent my ass to school where I had to deal with my english teacher crying.
Where did you all live where you wernt already in school? I was in gym class playing dodgeball I had just hit a kid and screamed boom then we heard the principal come over the intercom sobbing screaming were under attack.
East coast?
Do you people not realize that some of us were no longer . school on 9/11? I was 19.
Well aren't you just something special
Meanwhile I'm in 3rd grade and I have to listen to my black asshole of an uncle talk like he knows what the fuck is going on.
Old copypasta
Indeed i've seen this before. its funny, but still copy so that guys is a fag.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]

Whatever you were doing, 
This entire thread. Cancer. 
lol @ cancer
your white knight has arrived
Looking forward to when you kids go back to school.
The eternal September is now the eternal June.
Eternal September + summerfags = Internet is permanently fucked
You're both summer newfags. Leave now.
hahaha sweet child

Like OP's dong would cover anything more than a shack by the towers.
When did the meaning of OP become so diluted? 
Building 7 all over again.
It also collapses from the bottom.
I
The DONG WAS TOO LONG! 9.11 was a hoax
All those shacks in NYC
I believe they call it Long Island.
Shlong Island.FTFY
+1
Dong Island
Short Island
zing!
BAZINGA!!!!!!!!!!!!1!!!!
ZIMBABWE!!!!!
Bazooper.
Benzoba! 
BOJANGLES

Michael Fassbender is a good actor. He is the only good thing about this post.
anally anguished
fuck you OP. you lying fuck
Brin, you don't understand. 
Well he could have an early birthday I mean I graduated at 17 cause mine was in july 
Pls brin

Is just a penis. Who cares
this isn't an embarrassing story..first off, it's family. your parents have seen you naked probably more than your future wife (or husband, in OPs case, hue hue hue hue he is gay) ever will..second off, nobody said anything. maybe they didn't notice. probably cuz OPs penis is small. hue hue hue i called him gay and insulted his manhood. give me upvotes..i hate to contribute to the "sure is summer in here" circlejerk, but fuck, it sure is summery in here..you want an embarrassing story? try shitting your pants and having spaghetti fall out of your pockets on a first date in 5 years and having some real g.d. problems.
you are cancer please leave 4chan and . forever please
Meh, my family's seen me nude. I just walk around the house naked.
trying too hard, cunt.
Upvoted for veiled bitterness. 
lol okay, yeah mr. boss of . haha i'll leave right now (Oh, you were serious? Let me laugh harder!) [you sounded about 13 years old right there, just so you know].just on the front page right now, we have a story about a guy who's dog bit his cock and now it is swollen and throbbing. the dog bit his cock cuz the guy wanted the dog to suck his cock..that's an embarrassing story. on a scale from 1 to a dog bit my penis cuz I tried to make the dog suck my cock, where do you think this "embarrassing story" ranks? .I would rate this story about a -500. and so would anyone else with a brain.
tryingtohard/10
Would some kind soul happen to have op's picture 
original source
Yes. I want that picture too..EDIT FOUND IT: 
Thank you
who has a fridge upstairs and not downstairs?
Where I come from, people tell you when your dick is hanging out. "Hey. Buddy. Your dick. It's hanging out." Is that so hard?
 hard
Lel
Basement. 
neckbeard.

Should have ended with "tfw i'm a dog"
hahahahahahahahaha
Sounds like you had a shitty day.
Damn... I cringed so fucking hard at this
i misread the last line as "never saw mom again"
Wow, mom was a real bro.
Life lesson OP learned: make sure to shit before going to a public place. 
was expecting op to be a dog.
beta as fuck.
i read these pant shitting stories and think nobody actualy shits their fucking pants
I used to think that, then I read all these pant shitting stories and saw all the . pics of people who shat themselves..Know then that we live in a world where people shit their pants all the time.
I swear all of these embarrassing stories are the result of someone not being able to hold a shit. Just fucking go to the restroom already 
Why is it suicidal to go in the water?
Because this is story is atrociously bad. Also, two girls were apparently strong enough to triangle choke OP and wrestle him away from the water. There exists no beta this beta.
The water was really "dangerous."

yfw op is a dog.
who wears shorts
All hail the new Emperor Hirohito
:( noooo
Don't you mean .? 
Anon is all powerful.
I wish people would stop with the "Electric Boogaloo"...I guess we'll call it a joke. It ruins everything for me. 
Ur a fuckin dial tone
I want to believe this happened so muuuuuuch.
Iis this not what Civ is? Or did I completely not understand the game? Are you not supposed to kill each other?
I was playng tropico 4 yesterday. it was goin well, 20$ min wage, massive infrastructure spending, skilled juggling of faction laments..its around 1995, and im getting bored. Evrything is working fine, but Social Security had caused a backlog of Old people griping about services and takin 19$ an hour for being useless. It wasnt even about being a parasite, they were seriously cramping my growth projections..I take a good deep look at my old people demographic. The political opponents go first, the ones with family have an "accident" so as to not cause any outrages, the ones with no living kin are gunned down by the army inna back alley(cheaper).The accidents are expensive, and with 1k+ population the fogeys are stacking up. For every one I send into early retirement, 3 more turn 65 and start mooching..Nobody seems to be noticing what I am doing, ive been euthanising for 3 years now and the population still loves and respects me..ive become a bit brash, once you turn 65, you are gunned down. some people are outraged at this, but dealing with witnesses clears that up quickly, and in a year or two all is forgiven and forgotten.Im really suprised how well this works, youd think people would wake up if every person over 65 is being executed..Then again, we are living in the last days of empire, being led into damnation by an uncle tom coconut house nigga..We are just as oblivious as my peons
Civilization is so damn fun 
OP got rushed by murica and is butthurt.
Obligatory: 
Ah, yes. Another excerpt from . 
All Hail the World Emperor!
I watched the movie a long time ago, why is it a joke now?
I think Stephen Colbert named one of his segments, "Something" 2: Electric Boogaloo...then people started doing that in posts. I guess because it's a funny word? 
[deleted]
I've never played Civ V so i don't understand the majority of this but fuck me i couldn't breathe for laughing.
Except Hirohito was a faggot who just wanted to study. Meiji is the cool emperor.
I haven't laughed this hard in a while
Creepy cause that might actually be exactly what Japan's proto-fascist oligarchic leadership is scheming to do. 
Fucking civ5 casual plebs. No wonder he won, because he was playing civ5. He would've gotten steam rolled if it was civ4.
Oh god my sides
ok bud we all watched the videos 
Your fuckin 10 ply buddy
Fuck you, that was funny.
8/10 would chuckle again.
"Nagasucky my balls".Excellent.
I lost it at "Pearl Harbour 2: Electric Boogaloo".
Ive never played the Civ games so the lingo is a little confusing for me. What does  ."Every possible settlement is razed as a message" mean? 
This is the nerdiest "Things that totally happened" I've seen.
My favorite part might just be the Minus the Bear song reference.
Confucius say keep friends close, but enemies closer still.

How old are you OP ? If youre still young, you should get into political science... and get elected... you have a future in politics !
After he drops those nukes he's screwed, because it's not like you can destroy/capture a capital with nukes. 
He lost me when he said they were only friends by word and not in game but also had a research agreement.  You need a declaration of friendship to have a research agreement.  I'm sure it's fake but that took me out of it.
No you don't. That's only if you're playing DLC..Source: was just playing CiV
Ahh, my bad.  Been playing G&K so long I can hardly remember vanilla.
honestly, if someone chatted with me and became my friend only to stab me in the back over an online game like this, that would solidify my friendship with him. 
You should try Diplomacy, then.
There's no voice chat in civ 5
He meant the text chat.
He didn't imply using voice chat once.

Probably just talking in allcaps.
this is why we're fucked if anon gets into any kind of power
Yeah, except multiplayer Civ V games take about 2 weeks to complete with 8 players and if you're on a different continent there is no way your planes will reach unless you spend 80 turns building aircraft carriers..Plus you can't raze a capital city...
Could be using mumble or TS3
or vent
So in Civ each player owns cities, or settlements. After taking over a city you have a choice between taking it as your own town, or burning the shit out of it. He burned all of them to show the other players he was serious
You can't raze capitals 
Hence "every POSSIBLE settlement is razed".Herp. A herpaderp.
Okay...so he implied it once. I'm a faggot. Anyway, it's still more likely he text chatted it.
[deleted]
What of I told you that most if the retards on 4chan were the same retards on reddit
[deleted]
Japan actually has a great bonus if you're going for that domination victory.
all possible 
Why do I care what some 12 year old pretends to do on the internet?
Why the fuck are you browsing this subreddit then? That's all it is you big moron. 
If you're trying to get a domination victory or just want to have an easy route to a powerful military, Japan is the way to go..Samurai are powerful mid game units stock, but if you were to max out your military buildings and grab the Alhambra world wonder, your samurai gets 3 promotions and the +15% rough terrain bonuses right out the gate.
wut
Could have been playing without Gods and Kings. If I'm not mistaken, you didn't used to need a dof to get a research agreement.
Rage victory
Because you're on ..
Air attack in twenty turns?
[deleted]
"All posts here are creative works of fiction. Only a fool would take something posted here as fact."
This must be among the least unlikely stories regularly posted on 4 chan.
you think someone would do that? Just go onto the internet and tell lies?
 know you're fighting pasta with pasta but I think it might be lost on the plebs.
Must have been a boring game, filled with players who didn't know or care about winning strategies, and weren't attacking each other even when it would have been advantageous.
Yeah, some people play Civilization because pressing the "End Turn" button is fun..Fuck them, right?
Uh yeah fuck them. Fucking idiots
Actually, yes, fuck those people. They're the first to get conquered by warmongers like myself.
Okay, Ghandi.
He's my Civ role model, along with Attila.
I'd suggest Genghis Khan, but, surprisingly, he doesn't really excel at anything but killing irrelevant city states and forcing your opponents to build spearmen.
Clearly you haven't faced the power of human controlled keshiks and khans
"All works posted here are fictitious. Only a complete dumb ass would take anything here seriously." Or something along those lines.
Your life must be very boring..EDIT: I know that is on the 4chan site, what i mean is Implying it is definitely BS suggest this guy has never had or done anything weird happen.
If he had built up lots of bombers, yeah, I think 20 turns is pretty viable. Japan's special unit is a fighter and could have easily fended off any counter attacks.
Hail Britannia.
Area 11 don't give a fuck.

The way they say "ALL HAIL LELOUCH" in episode 21 sends shivers down my spine every time
Lelouch Vi Brittania commands you.....
Die.
X_X
"Hey Amelican Gee Eye, you mad because your wife back home, sleeping with Gary Coopah?"
L>R not R>L, seriousry though...
Actuarry it can kind of be both. Their L and R sounds are more rike R and L together so L sounds rike R and R rike L.
In french we mock the R in L in fact (and we're probably not the only language who does that).IIRC it's because in Japanese they don't have the sound for R or L, but they have a kind of RL.Think of Shigeru Miyamoto. Everytime you hear his name on a video it sounds like Shigerlyu.And that also why if you look up some Japanese Mythology hero and he has a R in his name (I don't know much about Feudal Japanese culture so I'll make up a name, Aryu) well it'll be written "Aryu [or Alyu] is blah blah blah"
Dahrah dahrah bill ya'rlllll
Actually it's only L>R.The Japanese alphabet literally does not have the letters for L sounds, so the closest they can get is R..It's not an accent, Japanese people who speak English have to literally learn how to speak the letter L..Source: Taken Japanese before. I'm also a massive faggot.
Yes and no. It's . L>R because it really is between the two. Though it usually leans more towards the R, some people pronounce it more like an L (It still isn't any of the two, it's inbetween). .And the Japanese alphabet literally doesn't exist.
Too bad Civ V's multiplayer is borderline unplayable and broken.
Most turn based games have difficult multiplayer because you have to wait for your turn.
Yeah but you can't really complain, anyone who tries playing a turn based game in multiplayer should know what they're getting into. 
They're apparently overhauling it for Brave New World so it looks more like Civ IVs multiplayer.
How so? Haven't played it yet.
saved games regularly get corrupt so you have to play a full fucking game in one sitting (who does this) and shit. thats my major problem with it
Bugs that cause players to randomly disconnect and players to be stuck on certain turns (which causes every other person in the game sitting and waiting too). That doesn't sound so bad, except that it's super common. A quick Google search about Civ V multiplayer will show countless people asking for fixes and reporting problems.
Players all have the same turn basically. it goes from a turn based strat game to " GOD I GOTTA USE ALL MY UNITS BEFORE HE USES HIS"
Luckily with the new expansion they're changing things up a little. Instead of everyone's turns happening at the same time during war, you'll actually have separate turns for war but if everyone is at peace then it'll work the same way it does now.
Awesome. So glad I pre-ordered the expansion (and at a great price, $13!)
Oh, sorry, I'm not talking about Gods & Kings. I'm talking about the new expansion that comes out in like two weeks, Brave New World. .Although if you got BNW for $13, I'd like to ask where...
Yup, I got BNW from someone in .. I'm not sure how they had so many at that price, but I think the story goes that they got ROW (region free) copies through the Brazilian steam store at the equivalent of like $12.50..Whatever, I'll take it..Edit: link to a current offer .EDit 2: wrong link sorry
If you have paypal you can get it here for $13..edit: wrong link sorry
I'm shocked that they made simultaneous turns the default.
It would take much, . longer for games to happen if it wasn't simultaneous. Especially because pretty much every game lasts longer than 300 turns.
It's true for larger games, but with another single person I preferred single turns and would just play another game on the side while the other player worked. 
That's fucking stupid. You're fucking stupid. Faggot.
Go take your medication, you need it.
The people i was playing with ended up doing that. Good to hear they're fixing that.
And if you're playing on a team with friends, you will inevitably wind up hating that one person who takes the longest.
We always hated the guy who took the longest in HoMM III
"Dude, it's month 6, you're fighting a horde of gremlins."
-"I NEED MORE SKELETONS, 9000 IS NOT ENOUGH."
We had a house rule: autoresolve fights against tiny stacks in the late game, and no buying a million heroes to chain swap your armies around for 30 minutes every turn.
Fuck, was that possible? That's some amazing time saving/wasting. 
Chain swapping becomes tedious very quickly. Eventually sucks out all the fun. One of the main reasons why I actually liked HoMM4 is that they tried to fix this issue by caravans.
I am this person. I micromanage every blade of grass in my empire.
Bitch please, I still haven't . the 'sleep' function.
There's a sleep function?
Yeah you can order units to do nothing until you manually give them another order. Saves lots of time and mouse clicks when you built up large armies and wanna keep them on standby.
I think he's joking saying he manages them so much he doesn't even know there is that option.
He wouldn't have survived.

You can tell that this game never happened if you played just one multiplayer party of Civ.
He isn't saying he defeated any of his foes besides America though, he just nuked their capital.
they rage quit
Finishes There Will be Blood.Turns off television, ponders gravity of most important film of early 21st century..Sighs deeply, says "Of all the shit that never happened, that never happened the most."
Oh ya you just watched there will be blood eh? PTA fan? How deeply did you sigh? Like was it real big? You might be the biggest faggot of all time.
Read it again, idiot. I'm taking on the persona of the mouth breathers who criticize clearly fictional green texts based upon their likelihood of them having actually happened.
jesus christ
Can't tell if you are reacting or giving more examples of important things that never happened.
Maybe he was a runaway and had a good defensive position.
I mean, still. All people need are a couple bombers and his city is done.
And America has the b-17. 
True but starting position can be huge. It sounds like he only has one neighbour - America. Maybe America has multiple neighbours that it's constantly fighting with. Constant war can wear down a civ and make it hard to progress. 
He's got Zeros.  Assuming he got to flight first and started spamming them he shouldn't have to worry too much about bombers.  Throw in some AA and a strong navy and he's pretty untouchable till nukes  
I know it's super late game (as in completely at the end of the tree by future tech), but Stealth Bombers are OP as shit. You can win entire games without nukes just based on their damage and unbelievable (20 tiles, IIRC) range..Also, might as well plug . if you haven't been there yet.
Fuck you hamburger slut you want hamburger? Too bad you get my nuke.
Submitted to 
Fuck off, this "hurr something funny goes to no context hurr" belongs in ..
Why are you being so hostile? I mean, geez, this is my first ever post.
.
First time posting a link to a sub, not posting a comment.
There are two other comments in there before that one..Look, if you don't want to be told to fuck off, don't act like a prick from the default subs. Nobody gives a shit about ., it's a beaten to death joke currently only being used by summerfags who don't even remember the shit that made . good in the first place, suggesting any funny sentence goes there.
thank you for this
Jimmies:
[x] rustled
[ ] not rustled

Thank you haiku robot this is my favorite one yet
Holy shit the coincidence is amazing
Beautiful.
haiku_robot in . put a huge smile on my face.
Can someone explain this whole haiku thing to me? I don't fucking get it. Why is he cutting the sentence like that? WHY?
Because it's a haiku.
And that is?
 :an unrhymed verse form of Japanese origin having three lines containing usually five, seven, and five syllables respectively; also : a poem in this form usually having a seasonal reference 
Google it...................
And that is? 
Haikus are a type of poem form.
It consists of the first line being 5 syllables, second being 7 syllables, and third and last line being 5 syllables again.
You are what we call an enabler.
I don't think I've ever met anyone who didn't know what a haiku was. No offense necessarily intended. But why didn't you just google haiku?
Are you a fucking moron? Your comment answered that. 
He comes here a lot. It's nt actually a robot. 
Proof?
Write a comment that would make a haiku..He will never respond, unless he's watching this thread.

So am I.Kachunk--wrrrrrrrrg-bliop
[deleted]
jiffybot is a bot i think
Jiffy! . 0:34-0:38.Yeah, that's a bot.
Here's your GIF!
Jiffy! .
0:20-0:23
Jiffy! . 2:33-2:38
Here's your GIF!. [.  om


I bow deeply to OP.
The cancer spreads.

Holy shit I forgot how much I loved that movie!
For anyone wondering
No way, you read the screenshot too?
No way, you reposted this unoriginal fucking cancerous comment.
It's a better comment than faggots who repeat the damn submission
This guy mad
[deleted]
Yeah, ., what the fuck? Fucking faggot.
This entire thread needs to die.
[deleted]
[deleted]
in b4
My fave animal is carrot.
Lost my shit right here. I love this
This would be funnier if it wasn't posted in 2013..That's not a dystopian future, it's a dystopian present.

You fokin wot m8?
Repost
I hate people who talk in theaters. 
So Lily's a lesbian, since she's OP but with a vagina
This is why I torrent.
with a girl like that, aim for fwb
Look at me guys, I'm so fucking edgy.
Beta feelings? What?
I like how that guy gave a pretty legit answer and then felt the need to slap rape on the end in a desperate attempt to be funny.
DON'T TALK DURING THE GODDAMN MOVIE
Oh wow. An anon has an issue with a girl and the replies tell him to rape her. This is both amusing and original. 
How about don't be a faggot
being a faggot isn't a choice, you should know.but yeah, giant faggot.
Lol he said rape lolol nyehehehe
This isn't fucking funny, get this edgy /b/ullshit out of here.
OP, do you really think this is funny? You're pathetic..
Things like this is why I love this sub
Believe it or not but it's from an actual website called 4chan.org 
Becuase born in the USA is such a patriotic song
TIL, Reagan really hated it when people Windexed his apples.
r/Murica would appreciate your service, Anon.

I'm sure people who cross illegally into a country would talk it in a language foreign to both of them.
Why would the mayans speak to eachother in english about crossing the border?
The irony burns so hard. 
Stories like this are the reason why I internet
Slow clap.
Use the ironyboard then. 
I'm a regular on soc, I post my own threads all the time and always have people recognize me. I'm transgirl adult film actress Alhena Adams.
You have a job?
You're living with mom?
The help probably were right
Dick
I assume he's a teen
Right for what? Disrespecting people that are clearly better than them just because they can't into American?
I fapped, I cried, and I fapped again.
God bless America.
2+2= equality
The Shape of Things to Come. A downright true prophesy.
That's a little bit chilling. 
This makes me want to die.
Do it.
Kinky.
Kill yourself 
OP is a rapist
So is the "drunk slut", as far as we know.
Are you fucking stupid? That means that her father is the rape insest lord.
Maybe a knight or landowner. But lord? Nah. 
At first i thought it was a typical "OP fucking his daughter" troll post, then I read that last line... .Pretty fucked up
Or she was just telling him to stop that?

The world will never know. . 
Wow. I thought that bet stayed in .. 
Next 100 posts, regardless of subreddits. I am a man of my word, and owe another 96. 
It makes it more fun, since I thought the sox were going to take 3, and I wanted to see the other guy try to gracefully incorporate Jacoby Ellsbury commendations into the context of his other redditing. .But alas, I have lost, and I must now test my creativity. 
Maybe she was just yelling "stop that"? After all OP was wasted which probably affected his perception. or you know maybe he's just a faggot who made up this story, who knows...

Faggot
Go to sleep
Jeff?
But how do you know my name?
Only you go around telling people to "go to ."
Never 
Well his username is "NoSleepForMeEVER". I don't think he's going to sleep.
No shit.
I named a cat after you. 
I'm going to name a cat after me someday.
Wtf happened in these comments? 

NO. It's mom
Somebody.Please.Gold.


Had it before, didn't make me feel less lonely.
It wouldn't make me feel better. Reddit gold is like a pitiful version of sympathy.
It wasn't even funny.
Yeah with dad it is usually much more fun. 
Look, guy, technically it's not a repost, but it's . fucking .. 
Pjotr
Ivana Shit
Samantha T. Niggerfaggot 
Ivana Shit
[deleted]
John Jacob Jingleheimer McCuntyface.
YOUR SIDES!
What was that about?
Really? It's obvious it was a lame unoriginal cancerous reply that said "my sides!"
It wasn't obvious, or I would not have asked. Do you know what the word obvious means? 
In what context would that post make sense?
I have no idea, that is why I asked. It could have been anything. Do you know what sub this is lol..edit: Faggot. 
Soo... Did they get to see her tits?
So... I see you were here over summer.
Lol... Queer. Are you seriously browsing my comments? Pathetic little bitch.
I just like looking at people with aspergers. 
Nice. Think about that one all by yourself?
I used your medical record as a reference.
Cool. It's good to see you are getting creative. 
10/10 nice comeback.
Not a comeback. Your bullshit legitimately bored me. Repetitive un-original bullshit just seems . now. 
Yeah, her name was adena or something.
Were they nice?
Meh.
Shit post. 
I think that was her name.
Fuck me. I'm unsubbing. 
See you tomorrow!
We'll miss you. :c
Me too. This sub blows donkey tits
I happen to be very passionate about 12 year old girl dicks
breddy gud
dix
9 year old plowing his mum, ye k.
He was 13, and he was supposedly heavily drugged and sleeping.
i mean, cmon. He touched her dick.
Exactly.  We've all touched a girls dick before while they were sleeping.
Sometimes it's you who touches her dick. Sometimes it's her dick that touches you.
Especially our moms
It's sort of a coming of age thing.  
Its sort of a cuming of age thing

How long did it take you to come across this thread?
What does it matter?
Last one is the best, rest is shite.
I haven't been here in a while, why the fuck does everyone have dicks now?
Because I activated my doomsday device.
You've activated my trap card..Now all penises have been replaced by a retard attempting to say Benedict Cumberbatch's name..Mine is "Shimblywit Underhatch."
niiice
Virginfag detected.  Had you seen a girl naked before, you would have known that they have dicks too.  
I don't know why I expected answers here. 
I got got.

I was expecting him to kill her with a heroin overdose while she slept. 7.5/10 would probably read again.
Actually, the usage of song in the last lines doesn't enrage me. Quite the contrary, it fits very well. I'd read that again (but I won't).
Marvelous.
We all got tricked!
Oh, so that's what it turned into..I saw the thread earlier, but I didn't really bother after the OP.
I don't know how I didn't see that one coming as I love Rick Springfield's music but that was good none the less. 
OP is mildly bi-curious at worst

Having been to a Rick Springfield concert while I was still in the womb to being forced to his shows as a kid...this one still hit me like a sack of bricks.
better than most of the "surprise" twists, mostly because I haven't heard that song in forever
Fantastic
[deleted]
I knew this was gon be good and it twas.
aww man, i knew as soon as i started reading it was BS and it would end in some stupid shit
Beautiful
that was perfect
God damnit dude. I've been had. 
goddamnit, got me again.
MOTHERFUCKER. 
bravo.
she looks like mandy mitchel
What are you congratulating OP for? This was utter shit.
Didnt see it coming
wtf!? nut job!
Was hoping for heroin addiction backfire or some shit.
In case you have no idea wtf this is going on ..
FUCK
My sides!
dm;hs
Great

There's some fucked up people on /tv/.  
That's a fucking obscure reference
Yeah, so obscure that all the non-morons got it.
You must be young.
alots*

His name was Robert Paulson.
STOP RIGHT THERE!
...CRIMINAL SCUM!
If I'm not mistaken he was really Harry Tuttle.
In all seriousness, Kristen Ritter is fucking hot and I'll put up with watching her shit acting just because she's just so fucking hot.
Splitting it up like this made me read the whole thing, so well done OP.
Well done 
[deleted]
Well done op.

Would have been 10/10 but Jesse didn't shave his head until season 4, she was only in season 2. 9/10 though well played.
god fucking damnit
I don't get it, what happened
We were set up and fell for it.
We have been had. OP played us for saps!
EVERY FUCKING TIME
OP done good with this one
Cleverly done, not the usual greentext bullshit
what happened? what was cleverly done? sorry for cluelessness
This post. .Your head. 
Maybe if you weren't a fucking idiot you'd realize what the ending was. I know you must be a newfag but come on


thank you I never get those song references
8/10, would knock again.
10/8, wood reep eat da fird graid agen
wtf does that mean
"I would rape that first grader again", it seems.
I was going to ask you the same thing.
Would repeat the third grade again.
I don't understand why people hate "/thread". I know it contributes nothing to the conversation, but I find it kind of funny if used correctly, unlike the use of it on this image..Can someone explain?
People . fucking say "/thread"? What the fucking fuck?
Southpaw stick and button configuration. Problem solved. 
Yes, it is. On console, I am so used to a controller that it doesn't matter. Or pc games that use a controller. I tried to get into pc gaming and I just about can't use the WASD format and corresponding hotkeys. I mouse left-hand so my right uses the other and it is really obnoxious. It has gotten to the point where I just don't buy games that don't have controller input unless it is something I want to suffer through the bullshit to play. And if I really like it, maybe regraft the keys.
So get a lefty mouse and play with your keyboard to the right of your mouse, dumbass.
It is not the mouse you fuckhead. It is the way the keys are typically binded. Put your left hand on the keyboard in the WASD position. It is really awkward to get to the space bar and most of the hot keys are uncomfortable and not intuitive to reach. Especially when there are hot keys that need to reached by my pinkie and a space is jump.
Then rebind WASD to IJKL and mirror everything else to the other side of the keyboard you moron.
Did you not even read my fucking comment? Games can have up to 20 and even more inputs, each assigned to a different key. I'm not going to spend the time and effort to mirror every single damn key, unless I know for a fact  I will enjoy the game. If it is too much fucking trouble for the dev to provide controller support or a left handed mode, then it is too much trouble to fucking spend my money. Regardless, the question was "Is it more difficult?" not "Is it impossible?" and the answer is obviously yes, one way or another.
It's just 20 fucking keys. It only takes a couple minutes to set up decent controls in most games you lazy shit.
Nice job getting your mac cursor in the frame, OP.
That's Windows one, cock-rocket.



LOL so funny!  Upvoted!  XDDDD
due*
Nice plebeian loading cursor.
at least people don't ask "are you left handed" when you play video games unlike every other possible situation.
I don't know about you guys but I'm a lefty and I prefer having my jump button on the left bumper/L1 when I play console games.
I've been asked my whole life if it's hard/weird/awkward being left-handed for shit like this that clearly requires the use of both hands... Such a dumb fucking question..I now assume that all right-handed people either have completely useless left hands, or they are too idiotic and incapable of divergent thought to recognize that writing, fapping, and using scissors are pretty much the only activities that are really right- or left-handed
More of a "disability" 
Gaming on Pc and Xbox as a left handed person is heaps easy.
Left Handed master race reporting in
As a lefty, I don't  approve of this post
As a lefty I'll go back to topic and note that it actually is more difficult. If using a mouse with the weak hand is, so is wobbling an analogue stick around.
Bullshit, you only use your thumb foot an analog stick. It's not complex movement.
Neither is holding a pen in writing position, even without actually writing. Still uncomfortable as fuck.
It's a lot more difficult to hold a pen then to put a thumb on an analog stick..Besides you usually need to use both sticks so I don't get how you can claim it more difficult for left handed petiole
The problem is not putting the thumb on the stick, it is moving the stick with at least a bit of precision. .Right handed people use their left hand for moving. That's a simple task. Push it into one direction and the character moves. The right stick is what you use for precision. I don't think I need to explain how aiming works. .You also use both hands for playing with a Pc, so why don't you use the mouse with your left hand and the keyboard with your right hand? Because you want your good hand to do the precision work. On many console games you can't swap bindings for the analogue sticks, so lefties need to do the important part of gaming with their weak hand. Ergo it's more difficult for left handed people.
No, because my keyboard is on the left and my mouse on the right. Also the movement controls are on the left of the keyboard  which makes it more convenient to use my left hand. 
So you're trying to tell me the only reason you use the mouse with your right hand is because it just so happens to be to the right of your computer? Are you saying if it were on the left side tomorrow you wouldn't change it? Bullshit.
Do you mouse right handed or left?
I'm a lefty, and it feels like in an fps game for example, my movement s better because my left hand's on wasd, but my shooting is a bit worse than other people.
I use the mouse left handed, however with a right handed layout so I click with the middle finger. I started doing so with my first PC so I'm kinda used to it. I also used to subsequently use the arrow keys for controls while gaming, but nowadays I stick with wasd and just hold the keyboard sideways..Now I also have a Playstation and in many games you simply can't swap the binding of analogue sticks. That's why I can never play a shooter on a console.
I use a mouse with my right hand
Lefty master race reporting in.
Nice try.  Now pick up the can, degenerate.

I don't comprehend your statement.
'/thread' is a fucking cancer and more often than not makes any post just a bit shittier. Other than that it was an average post OP. Go suck a bit more dick to make up for your lacklustre humour. 
Can we throw "my sides" into this mix? That's getting worse than "/thread" lately, since the hatred against it isn't as vocal.
this made me laugh more than is right.
Isn't that usually the case?
edgyme
Xedgy2Xme
x = 2
Meanwhile, that shit sounds disgusting.
yes, but I would gladly pay tree fiddy for a comedian to make me laugh half as hard.
Never tried holding the very opening of my urethra but if you hold the base of your penis, then yeah it feels like a stronger blast. 
Why haven't you set yourself on fire yet with that turbosperg font of yours
I like myself too much to set myself on fire... for now.
New android user here. What's OP using to browse 4chan?
It's called "Mimi", it doesn't have /b/ loaded into it, you just have to manually put it in yourself. 
I'm calling B.S. but I'll go try it..Edit:.HOLY SHITMUFFINS! It actually worked!
No way you tried this and responded in the time it took you to ninja edit this post. 
I've always wondered if blocking your cum is painful..Ive heard it called "thumbing" where you have your thumb over the hole and never let the cum out. Its a type of orgasm denial, and the next time you piss you piss the cum out..It just sounds painful and I don't want to try it 
Don't
I don't think it'd work. The viscosity of man-made marmalade is too high.
I'm morbidly curious
That sounds like it would hurt.
Fuck this guy is a phaggot. I have 20 ingredients and all dosages locked in a sec I'll be there at the end of the most part of you. Choose to forget. Not even tl or reddit. I'm nowhere near enlightenment. My ego's happiness still depends heavily on an exterior event as probably occurring. Divorce yourself from this. Just be at one with what is. Be careful not to be. It is the key to happiness, no less. Liberation from slavery or death.
They don't want it to be what it be, but it do.
This deserves more gold and upvotes.
Wat? O_o 
OP should deliver. .A gif of a thumb being held over an ejaculating vagina to create a hose spray effect is just what I need right about now.
vaginas don't work like that
If someone actually does find this, I demand to be notified too. 
So I may or may not have been jerking it already. Shut up, I can multitask.
what the fuck is with your font
As someone who has seagulled himself while trying to not make a mess masturbating, can confirm. It works. I can also confirm Semen in the eyes is non too pleasant.
Thats what your mom said last night too.
brb science
I tried with a fork and put it back in the drawer. Am not disappoint. 
why??.EDIT: greentext
Obviously, your finger would just block the hole... and I didn't feel like cutting up the window screens
Cutting up the window screens?
What an abhorrent font choice, OP.
Are you sure that you don't need another battery meter?
He might need a shittier font while he's at it.
Honestly it looks better on my phone, I have no idea why it looks retarded in this picture. As for the battery, NIGGA I NEED TO KNOW ON BOTH FUCKIN SIDES.
It looks retarded because it's a retarded font.
Thank you. Please be more obvious.
at least you're mimi master race
I like how you know everything in my little icon bar. Default is actually on the right side.
Oh true my bad

I'm not even going to bother looking that up, so fake.
I wouldn't be surprised if it was real, it was /r9k/ after all
ew
That sort of stuff does happen, but he must have ignored a lo of symptoms for it to get that bad, unless it's some Tropical stuff.Source: none
Blood+puss=cyst.A cyst does not magically turn into a second shit hole. He would die of an infection within weeks if he was shitting out of a cyst, that would mean he has a cyst in his digestive tract that is filling with crap.
Think for a second- how could this be possible? .Look up some anatomy and tell me that this is possible.

I had a chunk of hair the size of a thumb in mine.
How did that taste?
What in the fuck!
Sounds like a pilonidal cyst gone completely wrong.

Where does it say that you shit through it Mr. Wikipedia scholar?
Pilonidal cyst.  No shit was coming out of the hole, just blood and pus.  Fairly common
I've had that twice and the pain described is not exaggerated in the slightest
Almost unbearable pain, yes.
I laughed the way a crazy scientist laughs when discovering the perfect evil plan. True fact. Scared the cats..Edit:because words.
cool bro
I would say op is a fag but you're not even the real op
tp.tertiary poster
Check out this . faggot. Not only does he repost, he uses the same goddamn picture link as the original poster.
>this faggot is still there jerking off.>this faggot.>faggot.like OP has the right to call anyone a faggot especially after this
Your comment is the .. I'd almost say you were going for some kind of sarcastic remark with this, but I'm pretty sure you just wanted the delicious faggot karma points.
faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggotfaggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggotfaggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggotfaggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggotfaggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggotfaggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggotfaggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggotfaggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggotfaggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot 
Nice job faggot. 
Ctrl C, Ctrl V+V+V+V+V+V+V+V+V+V+V
...Kenan Thompson?
I'm going to pretend OP's shirt says Reba Saves, and that he just loves Reba McEntire..Someone please put the picture over this song... 
Who is it?
You know, he looks very similar to Kevin Bacon in that photo. 
WOAHH NO WAYY!!! who is that
[deleted]
Who's this fag?
Did you at least get his chicken mottle soup recipie? 
Hootie and NPH?
and that is...?
[deleted]
And you post it on reddit? I hope you posted t on 4chan too. 
Mick Jagger.
You guys look like a pair of real winners
Is he some kind of famous cook or something?
Who's this faggot?
Mootykins! 
Who's that fat nigger and why's moot at a soup kitchen?
doesnt moot and boxxy live in new york?
Did Moot go to NYU?
I always imagined it would be moot wearing the apron/dress. 
Did you eat all the bombs you disgusting obese Paki
nigger
MOOT MOOT MOOT MOOT MOOT  MOOT MOOT MOOT MOOT MOOT  MOOT MOOT MOOT MOOT MOOT  MOOT MOOT MOOT MOOT MOOT  MOOT MOOT MOOT MOOT MOOT  MOOT MOOT MOOT MOOT MOOT  MOOT MOOT MOOT MOOT MOOT  MOOT MOOT MOOT MOOT MOOT  MOOT MOOT MOOT MOOT MOOT  MOOT MOOT MOOT MOOT MOOT 
It's like breaking the fourth dimension. Imagine that not many years ago anyone could be moot. 
Came to comments to find out who it was, was not dissapoint
Every black guy looks familiar because they all look the same.  It's ok, random white OP, we all made this mistake every once in a while.
Who is who?
i met him and snacks at an animoo convention in atlanta one time. they were chill as fuck and i told moot about the tf2 beta. it was a good day.
Who is it? Not sure which one is supposed to be the famous one. Which means they cant be that famous
 
It's that chef from southpark right?
Do you like Wayne Shorter?
And you thought "Hey, I'll put this pic up on reddit!"
MOOT we celebrity now.
"Who is this fat mexican supposed to- . "
You met Dorner? Holy shit.
who is the coloured fellow? is he famous?
is moot a jet setting millionaire playboy?
are you black?
Man, moot sure is attractive. And that chef's not bad either.  
Show us on the doll where he touched you
mootykins!!!! awesome picture man, you lucky SoB!
Dangit, moot used to have such an asymmetrical and weird face shape, but now he got pretty hot. Maybe it's just the haircut
I'm not good at these... Trying to figure out who the famous guy is. I should maybe get out more. 
Holy fuck, you met the Y U NO guy!!!
Teenage Randy Travis? 
GOD?
Hell yes.
Was I the only one that thought "Wow, Russell Peters got really fat..."
At first I thought he met this guy 
got digits?
Thanks 
Amen
Hahaha. I take that as a compliment. I love Russell. 
Dude he's awesome!! 
Exactly what I thought, still has no clue who they are talking about 
boxxy lives in like caliefornia or some shit
Nope
fatass
moot. google it. 
OP i think Moot wants the D
moot. google it.
Who's the guy standing with you moot?
I'm glad I didn't disappoint. 
Rebel Saints
It looks more like "rebel".
That black guy does look familiar. But it's the other guy right? Confusion onsets
Calling other people newfags, yet you spelled moot with a capitalized M.
Edgy as all sin
I don't know who that is. 
It's Moot.
[deleted]
get mad nerd
Thanks. I was extremely happy I met him. 
That's not mootxico
No just a humble white guy with a cute Asian friend. 
Only on Sundays 
Trinidadian
Oh god why are people upvoting this shit submission.4chan > reddit
I wish. I could use the money. 
Who would give a fuck on 4chan?
The thread would be there for 5 minutes with a couple "So what?"s thrown around, and at least two "faggot"s.

True
I agree, that's why I put it on here. I actually didn't think anyone would see this lol
They did post it last night on /b/, nobody gave a fuck. Heh.
Hahaha I wish I knew. I would have loved to read the comments. 
Oh it's not better, they're both just better for different things.
U want sum fuck?
Thank you. 
You're welcome.  :) 
The white guy is Moot, creator of 4Chan. 
u got rused.
Is that George Foreman?
Hahahaha. If I was then the apron would make sense. 
I didn't know moot was black.
Moot is a faggot
I look at this moot, and I look at my shit life... this dude won, man.
He looked really happy. He talked to me for a few minutes. 
Pretty unorthodox strategy too, what with all the gore and CP. It worked though.
It remains one of the very few places left to be anonymous, at least on site. I realize how it was copied from 2chan and everything, but he's living the life. There are very few Universities that won't accept him if he wishes to acquire skills required later in life, and he's chilling now, doing what he likes, and he's evidently not broke. I dunno what his financial status before 4chan was, though, but he's chilling now.
Considering he's basically got the whole anonymous image board thing on lockdown, and his website is basically infamous, he can cruise for a while.
Exactly. He's in his 20s, and can do whatever he wants. Flawless victory.
What are you guys going on about? 4chan makes no money. 
Ad revenue. Even then, he's got a massive reputation in the online world now, so it won't be hard to get jobs in anything pertaining to internets.
Even with Ads, 4chan makes no money. That's why he had to implement the captcha pass thing.
Like I said, moneys not everything. I dunno how much you guys know about him, but I know next to nothing. Despite that, he seems set for a solid future with 4chan at the base, and coding for going forward. He will get accepted to literally any course on earth, and can make money being a speaker of some sort.
You're hugging that queer? You gonna suck his dick too, faggot?
Yes
OMG is that the guy who drives the car in Inception!?
Probably because you're on ., dumbshit. 
Thanks I had no idea
Oh, cool, Matt Smith!
From the waist down. 
Who the fuck is that
[deleted]
It's the Doctor, look at him.
Honestly, I looked at this picture and thought "Oh hey, Matt Smith, cool. This guy doesn't look like your typical Whovian though...wait, did the subreddit say 4chan?"
"Why would 4chan care abo-oh it's Moot."
not satire, poor trolling. Well... not . poor since he seems to be getting lots of attention.
MOOT!
Why the fuck would you even answer this nigger. 
Who the fuck is moot
It doesn't really matter anymore...
You fucking faggot.
Tfw doesn't really matter. Tfw anyone can see. Tfw doesn't really matter to me. 
TFW any way the wind blows.

Lurk moar.
Moot is the nigger gentleman on the left.
does that stand for aspie?
familiar face? if that's not Chef i have no idea who is he...stop fucking with as Moot!
mootykins should have hoverhanded it. i feel like we would have appreciated it all the more
Looks like a newfag
Nope

Its funny, cause they love sarcasm on that show

i hope you told him the music on /b/ was fucking annoying
Hahahaha 

Your name... says it all.
You didn't use parenthesis so it would be 4000 + 26/2 since division happens first which would be 4000 + 13 = 4013. .So.. yeah.
/b/ is a fucking shithole
:stopmusic:  
No. Fuck you. 
Moot = forced smile.Anon = genuine smile
I was so happy to meet him. I 'm still smiling. 
They look the same to me
Tend to agree. It's all in the eyes. 
Oh good the summer is back...
God, he's cute.
n-n-no h-homo
Screw you, ALL THE HOMO.
IT'S A HOMOSTRAVAGANZA.
what movie is this
White Chicks
Who's the black guy Moot?
[deleted]


Hahahah that's awesome. 
I'm a nobody stand next to a legend. 
Trinidadian
Best kind.
The ol faggotroo
Ll
Moot's hand is on OP's shoulder so it's only assumable that OP's hand is on Moot's Anus 
He had a great ass. Really firm !! 
Fixed.





Chef
Hey Chef!
Fucking hilarious. Thankyou. 
Chef Russell Peters
really let himself go after the red, white and brown concert

Would watch.
it's called the antisocial network bro
That's Fakeblock bro
Needs to be micheal cera
That is michael cera
No, It's Jesse Eisenberg
No, are you fucking blind? It's moot.
No, It's Jesse Heisenberg
No, this is Patrick
ITT: People trying to be cool calling Moot a faggot. 2edgy5me
[deleted]
4edgy2me?
[deleted]
In addition, far too many people thinking it really fucking matters.
it's his fucking name
You're serious about this, aren't you?
nawp XD
faggot
9edgy11me
69edgy420me
Cancerfaggot for you.
Just look at moot's jawline. So edgy.
he could cut cheese with that jawline.
Mark Zuckerberg! That guy is awesome ask him how Justin Timberlake is.
That's Michael Cera.
the old switchit reddirooo
Fuck you
That's actually a double 
Kill yourself
Wrong jew.
Wait, moot is Jewish?
Wat
Nope, he's lapsed Catholic
yeah, what else do you think 4chan passes are for?
moot*


he did wtc, so yeah

No hoverhand here ladies, moot is 100% alfa
alfalfa
He was with a gorgeous Asian chick.  
;_;
Im not surprised. Its well known that moot loves azn camwhores
great smile, trendy haircut, confident no hover hands, good posture. 10/10 would bang.
I actually find him really cute though ;;w;;
Hell, I'd fuck moot.
Agreed. I would make mootykins my little girl.
Sigh, me too. 
Oh god, I'd totally let him take advantage of me. Like, in the butt. 
I'd let him take advantage of me in the front butt.
..There's a front butt? WHY HAVE I BEEN LIED TO ALL MY LIFE!?
Is moot even attracted to front butts? I mean he runs 4chan so it's a great possibility he likes all kinds of butts...
I just saw a naked photo of him and I hope to god he likes the females because I would....make real good friends with him.
Oooh come on, don't lie. Though to be honest I think it's more the fact that he's a genuine person that makes him attractive, over his looks, right?
She/he isn't lying! 

I'd make very good friends with him... Very good...
How do we make this happen? I would very much like to take him for a nice steak dinner

I find him sexually attractive I can't lie 

Gonna need some proof.  Plz.


I'm a female so there is that...
Yeah I know, they also like to make front butt farts.. Gross.
that is very gross

I can confirm this is true. I would also like to be ravished by moot.
Should we find him an organize a time each?

After seeing this comment thread, I had to check that I wasn't in ..

Give this man a fucking medal.
Brilliant

No you're not; this is the internet. There are no women. 
Dammit, what the hell am I then???!!!

In seriousness it's nice to see the dude well fed and looking happy. In the past, he often seemed sad and strung out, like the world was weighing down on him. Considering he had to deal with the FBI and people posting CP to his anime fan-site when he was 15, I always thought the pressure broke him.
moot is the skinny guy fyi....

Then dudes comment needs better sentence structure, you cant talk about dude being well fed and then immediately talk about moot, who still looks like a teenage girl. .USER WAS BANNED FOR THIS POST.
How does it feel knowing no one likes you?
Lol Id prefer if nobody posting about moot on a chan subreddit liked me. 

10/3.14.Would powerbottom for moot
You're a real go-getter. 
Damn, Moot is actually hot. 

Nope, that blog isn't creepy at all.
moot is not capitalized
4'33''
I don't get it..He may be Beethoven. 
I would have thought his favorite song would be "play"
this post is gay as aids
It took me a second because at first, I thought he asked a serious question in contrast to the FAQ, then I was like: "Why didn't OP wait for DeafOP to post his favorite song?".Apparently, I don't know how deaf people work.
4chan's sense of "humor" really comes out in these screenshots of text.
no shit
John Cage - 4'33
Senser saouls be: Rebecca Black,  Friday...  

Congrats, I also read the post.
tough break
What do you do at stop lights?
op answer was .... .if anyone wondering 
Did he say it with those exact spelling errors, or did you just add them by being a faggot?
Spelling errors?
nope sorry my english isnt that good .
Why does she need glasses if she's deaf?
To see deaf people.
No shit.
Judging by "op answer was" and "if anyone wondering" I'm gonna go with this guy being an illiterate person.
Yay you get the joke!
Deaf people can have favorite songs.
Accurate. Have you ever had someone in there car blast music with the windows up? You can't really tell what it is but you can hear the sound for sure. That's how deaf people hear all music.
or if they're 100% deaf, they can feel the bass


The Sound of Silence by Simon and Garfunkle.
I've made a huge mistake.
4:33
, just in case.
wow thats pretty cool. everyone gets so wrapped up in writing and playing music and he is just like chill dog
[deleted]
I wonder how they feel about "Good Vibrations."
Have you seen 'It's All Gone Pete Tong'? Case in point.

My ears just had a seizure
You joke but deaf people can literally feel music. 
Do you think Skrillex is their favorite?
Well isn't Skrillex deaf too?  I mean, nobody who could hear that noise would ever release it.  They must worship him.  
So can everyone else.
Which is why it's ridiculous to think that deaf people don't enjoy music. Some deaf or hard of hearing people with cochlear implants have audio jacks for their iPods/iPhones/whatever and can literally hear the music inside their heads.
That is one of the coolest fucking things I've heard ever.
How much would one of these cost...

lel
Only the black ones.
The image of gay wolverine is relevant.
 
Did you really need to type all of that out even though it was in your picture?
That guy is one bad motherfucker. I should play this game now. Been postponing it for months.
There should have been a path where you could get fucked by him.
Not everyone has RES and not everyone clicks links, but everyone deserves to know what he said. 
He's the father of the deaf girl from Katawa Shoujo.
And a total prick.
woo... . 
TIL Wolverine is gay and has a Japanese daughter. 
Jigoro is no sort of gay.
All fucking anime is gay as fucking fuck you idiotic basement dwelling assmustache.
Niggers desu
How do you explain his son?
Trap.
...THAT WAS A BOY?!.I can't look my dick in the eyes now.
You're on 4chan; it's far too late.
Nor should you, either way it was an animated child...

I'm pretty sure gp was being coy. 
Or is it you who has been ....
I guarantee the next post said /thread
10/10
/thread
at least OP cropped it
Bravo OP. 10 points to Gryffindor.
OP is a hufflepuff with the rest of the fags.

Thanks for those red boxes, I never would've known what to read otherwise!
[deleted]
goddamn, that guy seemed sort of interesting, but I noticed he hadn't shaved for a while, and he really caught my attention..once he put on the fedora, I knew that this was one interesting motherfucker that I had to meet
I love how he has to spend a second shoving that hat on to fit it around his cranial pudge.
*You're
*you're
What about my welcome?
this is old and funny as hell!
But does he get to the cloud district often?
He actually looks like a homeless Avicii.
...

Repost, but still funny as hell.
9gag is the best website in the world
(   )
(   )looks like the only thing.(   )>-     that OP liked to suck on .( )was dick
He can suck start his rifle
He actually didn't make it. I was in this thread, we searched "your name" the hedgehog and found what autism popped up.
How the fuck do you misspell anon?!
He didn't.
 
The 4chan people. Did they not have summer camp this year?

This is a really clear picture of how to shitpost

Daily reminder that gays and the transgendered are mentally ill
I fucking despise cunts who lie about being raped. I don't give a testicle if Emma Stone does this, you're a skank if you do. That shit's serious - accusing someone of rape. Fucking cuntsacks. 
Reading this seriously made my boner go down
Fuckin' lesbians.
Sounds about right.
Happy endings to stories and weddings always make me cry.
It's true! This happened! They're all like this! I know! Trust me! All feminists are like this! It's true!
He said radfem you illiterate fuck.
probably true...
fucks given 0/10
you're late
Shit... can we just, uh, pretend this never happened?

This is really plausible, a nice change from most shit posts on here.
Maybe she was screaming rape as in, wanting to be raped.
But then it wouldn't be rape...
maybe it's a fantasy
Butch lesbians = full time cosplay
Sure it is. Wanting to get raped = sex without consent. She's consenting to rape, not to sex..You see?
Headexplodes.waltermelon

why is she a feminist?
Sorry, logic is not welcomed or encouraged here. :( Can I interest you in calling someone a faggot? A discussion about beating up girls?
Why are you here?
Are . a feminist?
No. And they're just two dumb lesbians. .Nothing about them being a feminist. 
The 'rape' thing is typical feminist. You should read it on the internet. They consider almost everythig as rape (if you look at a girl -> rape, seriously!).
you think it's feminism, it's not..it's just being a cunt. 
You also could google for storys of ex feminists telling their storys. Its pretty much canonical to consider almost every male interaction as rape.
 -> not a cunt thing, but a feminism thing.
so if a kid cries rape after being pushed it makes him a feminist? I don't think the majority of petulant idiots who do that are adjuncts of Men, Women and Rape. .acting spoiled and entitled on the basis of your gender doesn't by default make you a feminist, it just makes you a dick. 
No, a kid cries rape after being pushed BECAUSE she is a feminist..Otherwise it isn't as true.
Only a feminist would use that logic and use rape as a weapon. These are a sick people who are trained to think this way, no one just naturally thinks screaming rape at everything is ok/gonna work. 
10/10, did not end with "It was my privilege"
I love that one :(
For your daily fix: 
Good god above
You mean all ten thousand of them?
Ok, I only love the one where the man got up and gave his seat to the lady. 
Most of the ones I've seen are basically:
I had a chick whom I was breaking up with in the barracks. I told her we couldn't see each other anymore and she tried to attack me. I held her wrists and told her to leave. She said she was going to start screaming rape and some Marine was going to hear and come in and kick my ass. I told her, I'm their fucking doc - go ahead and yell rape, I'll let 10 Marines run a train on you. She reconsidered and left quietly. Stupid Bitches.
lol. That girl picked the wrong guy. Don't mess with our doc. 
Corpsman UP! Marines always love and support their DOC. You're the one who gives out the STD meds and the hangover IV's
Hangover IV's? I'm interested.
Civilian EMT here: aren't hangover IVs great?
Regular citizen here, what are hangover IVs?
You can flood your system with saline to combat dehydration. It'll kill a hangover for sure.
Doesn't sound worth it, IVs hurt..
So do hangovers.
Fuck that I've had hangovers I would have cut a toe off to relieve.
Oh, it's worth the poking, believe me. Shit works.
They're the best
Are you talking about banana bags?
The fuck are banana bags? What are all of these neat things?
A banana bag is basically medical slang for an IV bag given to severely intoxicated individuals. It has a chemical in it (thiamine, I think) that turns the liquid a bright yellow. It replenishes you of liquids, electrolytes, and nutrients like that you'd lose when you drink too much. 
Na, just the regular shit.
UGH. Seriously, these people sicken me. I fucking hate smokers.
Reddit swaggeroo in 4chan subreddit. Yeah, you are cool.
Is it socially acceptable to get in a fist fight with a butch lesbian?  I mean, if she is trying to be as masculine as possible and is picking fights with actual men, shouldn't that make it legit to take a swing and knock that bitch down a peg just like you would if a guy was behaving the same way?  Does she give up her female privilege if she chooses to behave like a man?
The "socially acceptable" response is to walk away..Violence is never acceptable..Until you become a world leader. Then let's pull out the nukes.
Good question. It shouldn't be socially unacceptable to fight ANYONE who attacks you, regardless of gender.
Fuck that. If anyone strikes me its on. If anyone threatens my family my kimber 1911 will come out. Make an advance after that and ill go zimmerman on you. 
Hurray for gun violence. Congratulations, you're what is wrong with the world. 
Retard

Not only did you write "sir" in there, that was a post on the front page yesterday..You went full retard.
Was it now? I don't view front page since its normally retarded shit with a circlejerk in the comments. I just stole that pic off a google search..Im glad you're here to keep track of that for me though. How would reddit get by with you?
You need a nap.
It would prolly be offensive if you didn't.
We live in an egalitarian society and if some woman starts hitting you, butch or not, you have every right to smash her right back; both legally and morally. 
Equal rights man, sure
Equal rights mean equal lefts
We should all just remain passive and trust the police to protect us from the aggression of others?
Of course not. Did I say that?
Yes.  See the part that I quoted? 
Are you some kind of cunt? How can you actually be this retarded?
Wat? So if a woman attacks me I should just tough it out? Fuck that. If a woman attacks me with the intent to harm me I will defend myself.
I actually misread. I thought you said it should be socially unacceptable to fight anyone who attacks you, lol..Don't worry I agree with you.
Ok. I was wondering. Was trying to figure out if I had accidentally posted to SRS or something.
It must be difficult to live life being so Autistic.
Im autistic? Because I'll defend myself and my family? How have you made it this far along being such a little bitch? Spent a lot of time hiding in your room didn't you?
You. Don't.  Hit. Girls. 
Yes. You. Do.
They said a real man won't hit a girl well I must not be real cause I beat bitches up
But you do hit bitches and whores.
No you do not. You ruin what little self worth they have left and leave them to the wolves. 
Nigga, you tellin' me that if a butch bitch comes at you swinging you just gonna take a beating from that? You trippin"
Obviously I would simply restrain the woman until the proper authorities took her off to lady prison. 
What if butch bitch took her male role too serious and actually worked out and got in a couple of punches? NIgger, you delusional.
Not possible. 
There are different was to diffuse a fight or end one that don't involve hitting back.
Tell that again after you git a couple of punches to the face. You are telling me you wouldnt even hit back? Damn, I hope you aren't a man since you bring shame to all of them.
It's called Judo..Idiot.
Fortunately for me I can take more than a few punches. As I said there are different ways of ending a fight. Grapples or simply walking/running away if you are uncomfortable with that. 
I think it would be a bigger shame to hit a woman. 
Yes, cause everyone knows Jewdo
Wake up! This is the real world!!!
Haha, Let me remain innocent! 
I agree fully, hitting a woman is wrong, but suplexing her into the concrete is gratifying.
This has to be a troll. That or you're the worst kind of feminist.
Neckbearded conan over here people!
Ew.
equal rights, equal fights
Spent a lot of time in fairy land growing up didnt you?
FAIRYLAND
Mfw 7yrs later my nephew still repeats that story of my throwing prowess and he still thinks that concussed radfem was a man. 
If I think a girl can legitimately hurt me and then proceeds to try to do so I will defend myself.  I would probably try to hold her back first though..../Punched by a girl a few times in HS after choking out her crazy soldier bf - did not hurt.  /Does know girls, pretty girls, who can actually throw punches though.  
I don't even give a shit if it hurts me or not. If you punch me, I fucking punch you back.
If you punch me, I will fucking beat you to a pulp..I am not a normal guy...
If you beat me to a pulp, I will bomb you..I am not a muslim anymore though...
No...you are... .A .. .Dun dun dun! 

Does he finish giving some guy a handjob just out of shot before he punches her?
He spills a drink.
Context?
Sorry for being a faggot, but I can't find source for this.Maybe someone else can..EDIT: .Credit to . ,thanks.
Welp, she did cross the physical barrier first, although his response would have been better without the drink-pouring.
Wow they're obviously from the South with those Australian accents
Maybe they meant southern australia?  I don't know
They say Alabama
I'm dumb.

Wow they're obviously from the South with those Australian accents  ( ^_^) .Let me fix that for you (automated comment unflipper) 
Both of you can just fuck off.

Absolutely, cunt punt that bitch, then kick her while she is down.
[deleted]
Ftfy
Butch bitch swings on me with closed fist, ima knock her out. Would I ever hit a woman otherwise? No. 
But officer, did . know she was a woman?
Whenever I see a feminist I start screaming 'rape,' it's like using spider web against spiderman- s/he just doesn't know how to fight back.
When I'm walking alone at night, and then a girl starts following me, I start walking faster, looking back every so often, etc.. I try to make sure that it looks like I think of them as a rapist.

Or, ya know, they're confused by the retard shouting random things at them.
Or, ya know, he's a fucking liar
Good job, you figured out what I said isn't true. Are you a detective? 
I played a lot of Carmen SanDiego if that counts

Like all you faggots
Dude regardless of gender if someone's punching you, you fight back. Fuck 'em. That's assault ., man..E: One charge generally goes with the other. 
Except you'll get charged though not her.
Relevant: 
Actually its battery.
battery*
Duracell
Then call the cops and don't touch her. Believe it or not, cops have to deal with crazy bitches all the time. They know how it is.
Back in my old high school, a girl tried to get bitchy with me and started pushing me, so I pushed her to the fucking floor and told her not to fuck with me..When I (and only I) was sent to the principal (who was female), I told her how it went down. Her response? "That was a girl! You're a guy!".I wanted to nail the fucking principal in the face that day.
That's pretty fucked up. But regardless of what your principal said, the police and the courts MUST hold her responsible. You might get shit for it, because some people are assholes, but many cops have seen women become violent on men (including domestic violence) where she is the aggressor..And, seriously, fuck people like them--they make feminism look bad. It makes me ashamed to be a part of their gender because of the idiocy they pull. It should be a norm for BOTH genders to have to be held responsible for what they do. 
Like he wouldve called the cops in high school..
I'm with you fullsail, I'm all for equality and shit like that, but when in the pursuit of equality you attempt to elevate yourself above everyone else, then you become just as bad as the original, it's the same kinda thing with hate crimes
You'd be surprised. 
He should've yelled rape.
would you like to think that we have two different definitions of what is fair. Not only have you shown a lack of specific policy leads me to believe any official response is a callously solipsistic movement. I suppose we have nothing to do non - violence. That was as far as Crawford got before erupting in rage at the hands of women. I hit the bee and it's response is a fairly large organized crime on top. This isn't tell those who you are in fact enforcing the law withholds the legal designation of a weapon for an unlawful purpose according to public records. Prosecutor s Office. The NSA are connecting surveillance of things that previously needed to be required with a link to an article from one of their strength and things can get in touch with me. I have communicated that you and a leg to play this right.
Drink less. Pull head out of ass. Think for the first time in your life. Type that again. Fucking faggot.
So euphoric. Head spinning.
Tha fuck..Username related? Innes_Eh = NSA phonetically?
^
How does "Eh" sound like "A"
And the last sentence of the first bit before the table of contents 
But that's "Ay" 
Anon's honesty checks out. This probably did happen. 
hhahaha im so fuckin drunk i hope this happened fuckin dumb ass faggots
Nobody cares
I care.
All you care about is rocketships and space you fucking liar.
You're right
Confirmation bias. 
Feminists really are this bad, anon. Help put an end to them before it's too late. 
Unfortunately, I agree. However we cannot rule out op's being a fag yet.
OP is always a faggot, even when he's an honest faggot. 
Not always. Sometimes, OP's a cool guy..For example: when OP actually delivers.
OP can be a faggot and a cool guy, like Freddy Mercury. 
Mercury is just a cool gay guy. Faggot and gay are not mutually inclusive. Like that one time OP was a faggot for being a faggot to faggots. 
Touche, you have the right here.
Nigger, OP is always a fag.
RAAAAAPE RAAAAAPE
can't it be both
"Can not it be both?"
"Can it not be both?"
"Bothn't can it be?"
faggot
RAAAAAPE!
I do wonder why they want to remove 4chan posts about reddit in the rules.
1) didn't happen.2) didn't see it comming anyway.3) good twist by OP: "wanted to fuck with me" meaning mess with, wait...wut?
Can't tell if gay bro, or incestuous homosexual sibling.
[deleted]
You might as well just say "I've never been to 4chan and only joined this sub a few minutes ago." 
Thank you. Thank you for bestowing upon us the knowledge that most green text stories are not real.
Wincest?
Probably not. The real OP went on to say that his brother told him beforehand that this was probably going to go down, so he was not actually surprised when the gay sex happened. The likelihood that his brother was trying to fuck him (at least this time) was basically nil..This greentext was not 100% true. u mad?
If you're into homosexuality.  
mfw that last mfw
well no shit that applies to all green texts with no pics
in cases like this I'd be more skeptical if there were pics 
its like both ops are fags 
I read the whole damn thing, and the ending did not occur to me until right when he brought it up.
that's because you aren't a faggot, OP on the other hand...
You must surely not be a faggot either. You do inspect vaginas in real life, correct?
yes, I'm a certified vagina inspector. 
fuck I wish I had your job, mine sucks. 
I have a badge that says boobie inspector, am i considered a potential boobie inspector.
Again, this . uses the same picture link as the original poster. If he knew the link, which he obviously did, he knowingly reposted content for his shitty points and you gave them to him, you retards.
Iwanttobelive/10
good detectivizing.
stop doing that.
1/17/13 
Atta boy OP good job posting fresh material
Retitle this to "Anon wants to get murdered"
I'm surprised this kid isn't dead yet.
If story is true that newfag fucked that up pretty bad.
The impossibility of the conditional "if" clause makes the next clause irrelevant. OP may not be an englishfag but I sure as fuck am.


wat 
[deleted]
8th graders already wrote the post.
/thread.
Can you not read, faggot? He got a handjob in a club while he was really high, and was recalling a time when he went catfishing.
no shit sherlock i meant the end with the starbuck part 
[deleted]
well I don't know anon, I just got a call 
tfw no gf
Where can buy?
Square plates have more surface area for their size to fit in cabinets...circle plates are more structurally sound especially the "Edges", square plates tend to chip on the edges.
This is grand. Well done, OP.
/thread
IF SQUARE, THEN WHY DOES SQUARE CIRCLE?.ATHEIST: 0 TRIANGLE: HEXAGON
He said nigger, better fire him from his job and protest his house, and call all NBC affiliates.
we had this one before
[insert Homestuck reference here]
Where do you see a potential reference in any of this post?
Frogs?
if you are honestly going to make a reference to something due to the inclusion of something as common and simple as a frog, i really have no idea what the fuck to say about that
Sorry... :/
Squircular obviously bitches
[deleted]
Don't tell me what to do
Bounce Bounce Zoo Pals!
These threads are fucking stupid
The . totally wants it
No. Circular are better. Square plates look shit when piled up since nobody can be bothered aligning all the edges neatly. Better a neat pile of circular than a messy pile of square.
Paper plates are circles. This must mean that at some point factories chose the superior god tier circle plate shape. 
Real men use TMNT bowls.
And Blue's Clues bowls
Or Spongebob bowls.
[deleted]
ZooPals makes eating fun!
When you clean your plate...
Then you eat their face!
FTFY
The most hideously obvious samefag attempt I've ever seen.
You would like the down's frog. . look normal, but that frog is clearly retarded. 
HE'S JUST THE MOST FRIENDLY
Sorry for the tiny picture, it was the only one I could find:. Why is he so damn sad when every other Zoo Pal is having a great fucking day?
I would but I can't fucking see it
Don't be a bitch, you can see the picture.
.
The background looks like it's from Pumkin World...
Oh noes, did OP seriously mentioned our super-secret clubhouse that was only for very select few seasoned elite interneters like us !??!11
[deleted]
okay
[deleted]
summer
[deleted]
I've been going on /b/ since summer of '11 and i've been on this sub for less time than that..

Nobody on Reddit ever goes to /b/. /b/ is for the elite, god tier people that have mastered humor that Reddit can't understand. It's 2cool4us.
Ive been on /b/ since 07
Have a medal
To make me laugh. Just me.
Well, you're a faggot.
Original.
It was a train. 
So we're all going to ignore the story and compare heights? Ok then. 6'2"
Wtf you punk the title is completely wrong
Fucking masterrace.  Got me.
"you too!"
Why doesn't the story have an eding. You sick fuck
Why do they call it power walking?
5'6 Female master race reporting in.
Female friends and family members and their families and friends to do with the busines. Tomorrow foam roll a lot on floor after mopping it. No weed for a while. I have 20 ingredients and all dosages locked in a sec I'll be there at the end of the most part of you. 

Smooth.
The increased speed level requires more power to attain, maybe?
Fucking goddamnit /fit/
6'5" master race.I know that feel bro
[deleted]
Like seriously? 
You have a fucked up rage threshold
ARRGGHHHHHGGGHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!
[deleted]
You really will rage at just about anything. You are gonna die of hypertension if you keep on like this. (please keep on like this)
You'll have to teach me /fit/
Fucking OP, he says the . not the bus.
beta as fuck.
Pick one.
femster
I will end you
It is her privilege to have both
Check your privilege.
Misleading title, anon did in fact meet the girl on the metro, not on the bus.
No, fuckfaced faggot, he is alpha because he won the race.
Seems like everyone on /fit/ is 6'5"
If you're 6'1" or shorter, you might as well be 5'0"
6'5" is too tall anyway..5'6" master race reporting in.
Nigger, are you even trying?

Silly manlet.
5'6 is pathetic.  .5'7 master race reporting in.
6'5" too tall?.Look at Dwayne Johnson. 
tfw you're 6'4" and you know you'll be 6'5" soon
6'2" Arnold Schwarzenegger 
Arnold isn't 6'2. On the Jay Leno show there's strong speculation he was wearing platform shoes to add about 3 inches of height, and people that have seen him in person all swear he couldn't be more than 5'10 or 5'11. He's no manlet but he's most likely not 6'2.
Maybe not anymore, but when he was measured for comps back in the day, he was.
He's fucking old, he shrank. It's not like he lied so he could compete against a harder group of people.
[deleted]
5'11" close enough
5'11.75.. fuck me
Haha shortfag trying to justify his inadequacy.
Now this is the /fit/ we've come to expect and love
If your a girl maybe. 6'2 is the master race.
Girl master race is 5'8" 
5'7" female
6'1" male.Fuck all of you faggots
6'2" male master race
6'2" master race reporting
6'3" reporting in. You dickless faggots can gargle my weiner at any time. 
Anything else is freakishly tall or inadequate - 6'3" is pretty-much ideal
FTFY
5'10 to 6' maximum people. At that height you're at no disadvantage height-wise, but you can look jacked even easier than someone who's 6'2 "master race."
5' 10" here, can confirm, had no problems with my height.
After 6ft you're putting yourself at a leverage disadvantage without any strength representation.
Exactly. I'm content at around 5'11-6' because leverage-wise you're at an advantage for pretty much every lift, and it's easier to look jacked.
I gotta agree.  I hate being older than 18, 6'2" and only pressing 260lbs while I'm 225lbs.  A buddy of mine, who spends a considerably longer time in the gym on a weekly basis, just competed and hit 369lbs one rep.  He's 5'10".
Well first of all, both of those lifts are impressive, I'm mirin bro. And secondly, pushing 260 at 225 lb bw is still really good IMO. I have a friend who's 230lbs and benches about 270-275 and he's considered really jacked by everyone we know.
Thanks mate, 'preciate it.  But 230 at 6' is much different than 230 at 6'3", like my huge disadvantage is my 6'5" armspan.  The bar has to travel so fucking far to lock out!
I'm 5'11 and my arm span is 6'3, I know that feel when benching. Yeah I have really long arms for my height. It also makes it more difficult to get big arms.

Hey dont fucking include me in your scale you dirty manlet 6' is the average. Anything below is bad. Anything above is good. 6' is meh
So by your logic being 6'5 or 6'6 is good? Why would you want to be 6'6? I'm actually curious.
I'm sorry, I didn't know you were autistic. Of course 6'5 and 6'6 suck. Those suck just as much as being a midget. Use common sense.

5'10.01" here.Art thou jelly?
Nope, still have no problems with my height.
Batman is 6'2''. I don't think there needs to be any more discussion on this topic.
6'2 is too tall. Alienates the females. 5'10 master race
Ever nailed a 6 foot blonde..? Didn't think so.. (6'3")
You tall people with your crazy tallness. You will never experience mating with a taller girl than you. Basically you can fuck her standing up .. Who's the master race now?
Well.. still us. I was with taller girls before I reached full height.
Who'd want to nail a 6 foot blonde?  Bitch is too tall.
Well.. me. They aren't my preference, all elbows and knees, but still good for the resume.
Well I'm only 5'9 (fucking short genes from parents) and my recent ex was 5'8 going on 5'9 which is relatively tall for a girl and she always complained about how short I was. She actually had a fucking kicking body though. She wasn't short so they weren't smushed, and she wasn't 6' or more freakishly tall giving her sticks for legs. She had those perfect long legs that still had meat and curve to them. And she was black so the ass was big and went with them perfect
But as a 6'2 master race you look 5x better jacked than any manlet.  Sure it's harder but fuck you.
But I'm not comparing someone who's 6'2 to a manlet, I'm comparing them to someone who's 5'11 or so, which is definitely not a manlet height.
I'm 5'11.75. No joke
 joke
I haven't measured recently, but I'm pretty sure I'm 5'11. Get that last quarter of an inch and it'll be easier to tell people your height
I just say 5'11" if people ask, I'm not pissed enough about it to add the 3/4 every time
Measure yourself in the morning for maximum height.
I'm pretty sure I'm 5'10.75. I'm just damn shy of 5'11 and it makes me sad..The point of this story is that even though some people say 5'10 is "tall" it's really not and I feel short all the fucking time. But on the plus side, I'm not . short.
I'm pretty much the same height but I feel short as fuck If a chick is wearing heels 
Being mis-labeled tall is better than being mis-labeled short. 
Anything that has a 5 in it is manlet height 
6'5" gtfo manlet.4'4" master race
8'5 is now manlet height
6'5.5 is twice as manlet apparently
Shut the fuck up, you wouldn't know from down there.

Jesus Christ, /fit/izens are faggots. 
t-they are gonna make it brah
Y-you too
/fit/ is where /r9k/ goes to exercise.
Typical /fit/ post:."sup brahs, today is leg day and I was thinking about dildoing myself before I hit the gym but I don't want to shit my pants while I'm doing squats. Will my butthole be too loose if I do it now?"
Holy shit, they're almost as bad as /k/.
Eh, maybe. ./fit/ front page the last year or so has pretty much been these threads../fit/ hasnt been good in years :(
If I put my oats up my ass will the energy absorb cleaner for max gains? 
Day/k/are.
There are some pretty magical threads in /k/.
I know.
hahahahahahahahahaha this has me in fucking tears.
I came close to crying at the size of my penis, too.
[deleted]
even a reddit /fit thread derails into a 6'3 master race height fest
Better stock up on ammo for when the Great Chimp Out of 2013 occurs when Zimmerman is found "not guilty" for killing the little nigger troublemaker.
Obama is half white and half black so he's black..Zimmerman is half white and half Hispanic so he's white
somehow I don't think that would work... Unless they're totally fucking with us and building the four horsemen or something.


So much idiocy, cant take porch monkey logic..
(#)takeitback
You think that's crazy.....how about the monkey fucking nigger in the White House who claims he has to destroy the 4th amendment to "protect our American freedoms".
This is retarded and doesn't make any sense. Dorner was a man of principal who, after protesting and protesting a broken and racist system, resorted to violence out of desperation. Zimmerman is a violent racist that went looking for an easy unarmed victim. 
[Citation Needed]
no i wanna see that fat spic go to jail and get the ever loving shit beat out of him by the black gang members
Your arguing with /k. What's the point? It's like teaching autistic kids, just try to ride it out without making them too loud and unruly
Ommigod such a brave hero who's proud of his heritage..WHAT A RACIST PEACE OF SHIT THIS ISNT EQUALITY HE NEEDS TO CHECK HIS PRIVILAGE #livingoffwelfare
Why? He is innocent of any wrong doing.
Can't corner the Dorner.


And that's enough internet for the day
[deleted]
Hell no. Guess we found your fetish,no?
Well, I was nopeing through that. Back to puppies for me.
You fags are disgusted by this? Get off the Internet.
Why did I read that at lunch? ...
aspirations
lol wut
you're stretching it, OP.
the fuck
Those 2 words just discribed 4chan.
lol so true
All these words are responsible for the death of my sides.
Post Defecation Stress Disorder.
this happened to me when i was busy being alpha with my bionicles. the bathroom was literally 4 ft away from me, but i just sat on my hands and held it in.
this is the literal definition of being anal retentive.
Literally shitposting.
Account for 5 months and 6 days. Well played, sir.
I still do this
So Anon literally got a poop-abortion with a coat hanger?
is a foot long especially long?  I do that all the time.
I had a friend tell me that sometimes he had to stick a finger up his ass to break up his turds before they came out so they didn't rip his anus.  He also said he had to break it up in the bowl before it would flush and I was all like "take some stool softener ya gross freakie deek"
Someday when I was younger I didn't shit for about 5 days and on the sixt day it felt like my fucking asshole is going to explode.
I did that when I was little too. Sometimes the turds come out sideways so you got to rearrange or break it up. Otherwise you are gonna have your anus ripped and the blood will be all gross.
Bravo, I haven't seen a good candle jack story in a long ti
ha! didn't catch it the first time, good one
Oh I get it he said candlejack! How clev
It took me a minute to notice he was saying candle jack, you think you're so clever don't you. Nice one though, you know it's good when everyone in the comments start going retarded and make candle jack jokes when everybody else is mak
I've read it like 12 times why do I still not get it...
Master piece.
I'm with you...I have no clue
are we seriously doing a candlejack thread again? grow the fu 
I'm a faggot, I don't get it.
[deleted]
What
WHAT DID HE SAY!?!?
He said "he sure was nice enough to send that message" or some shit. It was late so I don't really remember. 
HE'S SELLING CHOCOLATES!
CHOCOLATES!
It must be something worse since he was banned for that post.
Classic :-)
Have an up vote you magnificent bastard !
Candlejack at the end.
Who's candleja
Doesn't work this way. Learn to Candlejack ni
beetlejui
Google "candlejack", it'll clear things up :)
YOU IDIOT. YOU SAID CANDLEJACK, YOU KNOW WHAT HAPPENS N
Obviously he must BE candlejack, for only candlejack cou
I thought we were finished with all this candlejack stupidi
FOR FUCKS SAKE, STOP SAYING CANDLEJACK OR EL
Dude, guys, if you tell people to stop saying "Candlejack", you're still sayi
Candle, jacking off..Nice o
Partake in the activity known as suicide.
2edgy4me
Very nice.  Guilty boner was totally bonus.  Didn't quite get the end when he's looking for a candle jacking his co

Takes a second
And that's when you know it's good
That middle one was pure justice but would not have balls to do so myself.

I want 2 b-lev.. Ben lyd 2 so meny tymz b-4...

"Everything posted here is a...".Why is this so difficult to understand?
except that one time /b/ found the body and caught the killer.
link or didn't happen..Well, it probably didn't happen anyway.
habeeb it
"umwut" ?


Thats why teens scream through their mic...
Still doesn't explain the need for every 25 year old black male to scream through his mic the second he joins a lobby
No need to be racist you fucking nigger.
I guess you could say....Danger close...
Dude looks like fuckin' Yul Brynner.
what's with this rating thing on 4chan? weird
Skinhead/10
Thank you based op.
He is feels-man.
cancer/10
looks like famous russian writer 
maybe he has alopecia......maybe.
Eye brows=fucking important
nice mohawk
If he would wear a suit and would be stoned, he would look like an Observer from Fringe...
Omg, best laugh in 2 days
he could totally rock the villian look.
Can some one shop him without the Beatles shirt and a white background and maybe some added forehead lines or some shit
He Looks like reptile from mortal kombat
*nohawk
Splice / 10

or no gf
Just a quick one
ok, ok. no, ok, just no, I am way to god damn high to look at that, why does that exist, why, that's not cool, that is.....Just no dude! why?
Fucking awesome. Thanks
Dear diary, today OP was not a faggot.
DEAR GOD IT'S FUCKING UNCANNY.
Is he supposed to look like the feels guy?

Maybe I'm missing something...but how did you . that photo?  I don't think I've ever seen a picture just show itself in the comments like that.
Some subs have images that you can post with a certain code: [](/feels).
/feels
As a mobile user I see a blank comment.
I don't normally say literally this, but literally this. Inbedded images screw mobile users over 
You mean Mr. Feeling man meme? Ya
Did you really just say "Mr. Feeling man meme"?.Fucking cancerfaggot.
That's what it's called. I remember getting the memo from the creator of 9gag
Well, I got trolled. 
He looks like a cross between the feels guy and Skrillex. 

OH MY GOD IT'S HIM
No, the feels guy has eyebrows.
those are forehead wrinkles, which this guy has
My only regret is that I have boneitis.
Heh, futurama
              
I told my dad what /b/ is and he thinks it's the funniest shit
Is there a 4chan app for iOS?
There was but it got banned from the App Store because "child pornography". If you have a jail broken phone you can get one, but the mobile version of the site is pretty good these days anyway
/thread
I always tell people that 4chan is the seedy underbelly of the Internet where the creepy and obsessive congregate together to share stories, obscene photos and perform vigilante justice.  Don't go there unless you're ready to see humanity at its worst.  Usually anyone who has been there agrees.
nice way to come out the closet, faggit
Lol
Or middle class white teenagers.
What is /b/

I'm serious I've never been there
/thread
That's okay, neither has anyone else here
Don't show weakness newfag, your anus won't survive for long.
I'll just go back to lurking
good call
faggits
That 4chan app looks really good what's the name?
Chan sync, from the creator(s) of Reddit sync.
I think it is 
 .No,  it's Mimi. 
whatever, chant is so much better
/thread
"If the Internet had an enema, it's where they'd stick the hose"
/thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread
/thread
              

              .Back in black
Oh so slightly larger 
nope
Am I doing this right?.                                              

Mobilefag here, what the fuck is this?
Turn your phone sideways
Still don't get it.

Wow, that wasn't worth the trouble at all.
Oh, wow.
yeah its pretty dumb. 
              
Got it, thanks.

Hold up, now I'm confused.

YOL?


/thread
/thread
/thread

/thread
/thread
THREADCEPTION.You know, just like the movie..Here's the button too, it's pretty funny : 
no

/thread
Sauce had the best story.
This joke is funny every fucking time, especially the 50,000th time.
Bro, that's when it starts to get good. 
Who the fuck is Zimmerman? Hans Zimmerman? 
I wonder if they'll lynch him..I hope they do. It's been a loooong time since I saw a good lynchin'.
You mean the guy who did the Star Wars soundtracks? 
Yes
Why the hell would he use a SxS when he has an 870?
Yeah didn't you hear? Hans Zimmerman shot a little black kid
nigs going to nig, it's as simple as that.
Zimmerman acquittal = negro zombie apocalypse.
There is going to be a mass chimp out if he is found not guilty.
His defense opened with a knock-knock joke.
What was he joke and what exactly happened and i don't want any 
"ice tea and skittles he din do nuffin wrong" bullshit.
The guy said " knock knock, who's there? George Zimmerman." you can probably find a video.
Lol thats sure to get the chimps riled up.
That was the joke that the defense used as their opening statement.  Apparently nobody laughed and the guy said "C'mon, that's funny."  It was kind of funny, but definitely not the right time.  Also a pretty good commentary on how fucking stupid our jury selection system is.  We intentionally whittle it down to leave only the ignorant and uninformed..None of this matters, though.  There are no witnesses and no motive.  He'll go free.  Most super high-profile cases like this go free (OJ, Casey Anthony).  He only got brought to trial in the first place because of public outcry.  If the prosecution had a case, the defense would settle.  They (the prosecution) are only willing to go to trial in the first place (and take the hit to their conviction rate) because it's great publicity.
Well i normally don't look in to minority crimes but what happened?
This guy George Zimmerman was elected neighborhood watch so he made a bunch of 911 calls over the course of a few years.  One of these times he called 911 and said he saw a black guy in a hoodie across the street walking around his neighbor's yard.  While he was on the phone with the 911 operator, the person (Trayvon Martin) started leaving.  Zimmerman said something like "these fucking punks always get away with it" then he went to follow the kid.  The police told him not to but he did anyway.  There was then a few minutes where nobody knows what happened.  Zimmerman says he confronted Martin and that Martin threatened him and punched him several times..Eventually they ended up in some other neighbor's backyard.  The only recording of this part is audio from the background of that neighbor's 911 call (available online).  This couple was eating dinner and called 911 saying two people were fighting/wrestling in their backyard.  You can hear somebody screaming "Help!  Help!"  and then a gunshot... but nobody knows for sure who was screaming.  The police came and found Martin dead and Zimmerman with some cuts/bruises/blood on the back of his head.  He admits to shooting Martin but says it was in self-defense.  The sheriff's office take him at his word and don't charge him for over two months until public backlash puts the case in the national spotlight..So he admits to killing him, but there's no real way to prove it wasn't self defense.
the dispatcher told him he didn't need to follow him not the police
Well he did use self defense.
It's only self defense if somebody attacks you first.  There is no proof that actually happened.
true but i think there is more behind this.
I'm sure there is but that doesn't mean he is getting convicted.  They have no proof.  It doesn't matter what people think happened, it only matters what people can prove happened.
There's no proof Zimmerman attacked first either.
I know, that's my point.  People need to stop talking about it because nobody has any goddamn clue what happened.
Is it really self-defense if he followed the kid before the altercation? It wasn't even his turn to be on the watch that night.
oh really?.i'm gonna go start shit with some teenagers.  then when they start beating my ass, i'll shoot them to death.  ..
calm down faggot
Yes, Zimmerman was neighborhood watch.  It's more or less his job to follow suspicious people.  So he had a legit reason to be there following the kid instead of just going home.   If the kid jumps him and beats his ass it's self-defense..IANAL
So the 100 pound 15 year old Trayvon Martin tackled the 200 pound 30 something George Zimmerman and started beating the shit out of him? they should've gone for the manslaughter charge, they could've definitely got him for manslaughter.
You know, there's no such thing as "neighborhood watch", right? There's security guards in some suburbs, and there's police officers that cruise around sometimes, but the whole neighborhood watch thing is just people watching out for crime and reporting it. The guy was in no position to be following kids around and shooting them, and if he was a guard he'd be trained to stop and question and MAYBE taze in self defense, guards don't get issued guns. The rule is to only use equal force to a perpetrator, and shooting a person who has no weapons is NOT equal force.

He made himself neighborhood watch and nobody wanted him to be. He was jus some faggot with a power complex who didn't get to be a police officer.

no, it's murder.  you can't go start shit with people and then shoot them when it doesn't go your way.
Exactly!
You think they aren't going to chimp out even if he's found guilty?.Chimps gonna chimp.
True but im glad i don't live near them.
Niggas gonna nig
A non swagfag 13 year old gamer? HA Reddit doesnt like your lies and slander. Good Day.
I'm 12 and I didn't get banned what is this 
I got banned for being 17 on /sp/

I told /b/ I was sixteen in a greentext post and although some people called for mods I never got banned because I showed more sense than half the neckbeards on there.
Is that a champagne glass with Gatorade in it?
it looks like one of those LoTR goblets. i have like 4 of them
Whenever I see posts on /b/ that even remotely suggests that the poster is underage, I ALWAYS report it. Gives me a great satisfaction
I open every contact thread I see for this very reason.
It's Mountain Dew you filthy casual.
When I was a kid, my mom told me that Mountain Dew was sparkling wine or some shit and she always let me drink it. I learned the truth at a friends house. Shit was cash.
There isn't such a thing as a "champagne glass." It is called a champagne . you uncultured fool. And no, it is not. It is a chalice. 
No such thing?.They aren't all thin. 
There is only one true champagne vessel. The flute.
Look at you! You have a preference! Good job!
bullshit.
OP is definitely about 15. Phones did not have porn on them when I was in middle school. 
Holy fuck nuts, WTF, my lungs can't inflate cause of to much laughter, about to die soon.
Easily amused much?
 AUTISTIC FAGGOT DETECTED.
You haven't lived until you've been slapped in the face with a cum hand. 
underage b&
Seriously, how long have we been able to have porn on phones now? Less than 5 years? This guy must be a youngin... fuck.
You could have it on feature phone at least 10 years ago. Smartphones are not only thing able to reproduce video.
either underageb& or sociopathic richfag. Or both.
In theory, he could be overage. The iPhone came out 6 years ago. 12 + 6 is 18 --Half Life 3 confirmed-- Whoops, wrong topic. But anyways, he could be overage, but not likely. 
I was around 12 when the iPhone came out. Nobody had that shit for the first 3 or so years. It's only in the past two that they've become more and more common in teenagers. So either that faggot had one of those shitty ass early androids or a hell of a lot of time for that slow ass Internet on flip phones.
Well I guess the age of calling every single person on 4chan autists has officially begun. And to no surprise it's already fucking overdone. 
Well, is it wrong?
It's the go-to insult for all the newfriends. Saying autism + fedora + neckbeard + edgy gets you all the girls.
So edgy.
Except that sounds like literal mental retardation
lol scarface one 
Never trust this subreddit. Especially when there is no NSFW.
You must work at the wrong place. This is completely safe for my job. Moar dicks.
It's 4chan, shouldn't everything be considered NSFW? 
NSFW
Expect anything faggot. 
okay, the HUG LYF one was pretty good. usually these are a waste of time.
One night I got really pissed and ate an entire jar of the cheesy Vegemite. NEVER have you had such horrendous shits as I did the next day. It was like shitting crude oil. I had to get the fucking hose to flush it down. My anus has never forgiven me.
Tastes better with butter.
Its a product of yeast residue that is left over from brewing beer. Hence why is so popular in Australia cause when we came out to conquer the south of the world we needed beer so hence we have beer based food. Its not my favorite but is Australian. Hence good.
I like marmite. Its good on really burnt toast, nice and thick aswell. With a cup of tea, mmmm
Tastes like salt and shit.
You mean iSnack 2.0?
Yes. Vegemite stole my anus. And the repercussions were hideous. 
Oh, that horrible shit!
Buying bread from a man in Brussels
He was six foot four and full of muscle
I said, Do you speak-a my language?
He just smiled and gave me a Vegemite sandwich
use of the word "miasma"
Amerifags don't understand true quality. The one with cheese in it, goddamn what a beautiful thing.
It's the reason why we grow to be the best athletes and soldiers of the world. Respective of population of course
Best athletes in the world?
U wot m8? Your cricket teams are complete shit. Being carried by one guy for an entire match.
;_;
its just kind of salty
Fuck off u Pom cunt. I'll wrek u m8. 
Marmite is to Vegemite, like what Bollywood is to Hollywood. Second rate and complete shite. 
Marmite is ace, now bugger off before i put you in ambo you anklebiter. May your ears turn into arseholes and shit on your shoulders
Vegemite/Marmite and Jam on toast is the bees tits
Is there a difference between vegemite and marmite?
Whatwhatwhat jam and vegemite? No way. I love vegemite, and jam, but that sounds disgusting
Imagine
Amongst all the racism and sexism, THIS is the most offensive thing I have read on 4chan
It's because amerifats think you're supposed to spread it on 1cm thick like how they spread their nutella on bread.
Don't be mad at us because the food your country makes sucks ass compared to the USA

Ok well we made it popular. Also we saved the world twice last century, so shut up. 
You mean jumped in at the last second to take the credit.
Twice?
WW1 and WW2. .You know what, we also stopped Communism so that should be thrice at least technically. 
Good one
Wow, see this is one of those typical Americans that think their country is the best country, saying they were the ones that did the most even though they didn't do anything to majorly help in WW2.
And you're well on the way to totally fucking the world this century, so I guess that makes it okay? 
13 years.."Well into a century"
Nah, we started the last century the same way. A war and a financial meltdown, and then we went on the become the most powerful and successful country the world has ever known, a few decades later. .We'll be just as awesome this century too. 
You must be fucking dumb and blind to say what you just said, that your country is 'awesome'... Your government is shit, shit tons of death every year because of firearms yet people blame their stupidity of gun violence on games and shit, and like Duckshunz said, you economy sucks. You should take the time to think about how stupid you are and ways to improve on your mistake of saying the 'Murcia is an awesome country. Your stupid.
You have tons of gun deaths every year, your economy sucks, and your government is spying on you and jailing anyone who speaks out under the "espionage" act. But MURICA FUCK YEAH, right? 
-Gun deaths are dropping
-Most economies are down, our economy is bad by American standards, which is still pretty damn good by most of the world's standards. 
-Lol its cute if you think your government has no spy programs, or isn't paying our government for information we get on you guys. .And like I said in the comment you replied to, America got off to a bad start last century and not only overcame those problems, but excelled to a level of success the world had never seen before. We became the greatest country the world has ever seen and we'll overcome and excel again because thats just what the fuck we do. 
Lol have fun living in Belgium without 2 ply or Red Lobster.
[deleted]

Blame the nigger. 
Lol. .Governments usually are shit, but even then, our "shit government" is still much better than most governments around the world. .Furthermore, you are aware that gun violence has been decreasing steadily in America for decades right? And no one blames gun violence on video games seriously except for a small group of complete idiots in our country, most of us aren't that dumb. Your telling me you don't have idiots in your country? .As far as our economy sucking, it sucks by American standards, which are pretty damn high. Most of the world will still kill to live in this American economy, and btw, its not just our economy thats down right now. .Anyways, you missed the entire point of the comment you replied to. Like I said, we started off that century pretty shaky too with an economy  much worse than this, wars, much more violence and separation, and a whole mess of other problems, yet went on to become the greatest country in the world after only a few decades and I know we'll do it again. .The only reason to not realize that America IS an awesome country is probably because you get all your information from Reddit, which is filled  with angsty liberal teens that think trashing America non-stop makes them cool. 
Right, gun violence has decreased in America, and we do have idiots in Australia, but not as much as America. So you also think that 'most' of the world would want to live in the shitty America economy, even though the Australian economy is better then the American economy. America may have been the most powerful country in the world at one stage, but certainly not the greatest as you Americans think you are, who knows, your country might be one day, but certainly not in your life time. It is a know fact that America is pretty bad, yet you Americans think your better then the rest because you are American. Please stop your BS because it is embarrassing yourself.

Nothing better than taking away all credibility by saying ". stupid.".Even as an American, I still agree that 'Murica isn't great. 
1cm? True 'muricans spread nothing less than 1776cm of freedom sauce.
How far down your thumb does it mean?
Got a red line in the picture..From the tip to the wrist
Dam that means im huge. I don't know what I should do with my life now.
ITT: People more interested in discussing how to compare dick-to-thumb size instead of the 'revenge' story
Thats because the factoid is better than the story...
I find it a bit hard to believe the other "10/10" who he had just met was happy to fuck him while his girlfriend is banging and screaming at the door. Awkward much? Funny story though.
That's the best revenge story I've ever heard true or not.

Stopped reading after "I bring home 10/10"
Stopped reading at 
Holy shit it's true.
But does he mean from the visible joint or the very bottom joint that's closest to the wrist? 
It depends if you're using the adjusted penis length measurement, or just measuring from the top of the shaft.
Please explain what the "adjusted penis length measurement" is
Adjusted Penis Size (or TMI) can be expressed with the following formula: ((L*D)+(W/G))/(A. which is Length times Diameter plus Weight over Girth divided by Angle of the tip squared.
Can't go wrong with South Park math.
~dickswole
Penis length + however much you want to compensate
This answer seems more reasonable than the other 
Maybe middle finger.
 things that happened.things that didn't happen
Fixed that for you. 
The most interesting thing that I have seen on here in weeks.
Obvious words are obvious
Incorrect, you can fuck with daugthers in three holes, boys only have to if you don't like ripping their dicks off and fucking the bloody hole where they manlyhood used to be
*Would you rather have a son, or an abortion?
Or a daughter and a garbage bag?
Please tag it as nsfw. 
I am going to hell..Trolololol.
Jonestown...
Lol no, this is 4chan. Expect the worst. 
well we at least know what to expect.... this isn't 4chan. Its Reddit. 
Alright it's not 4chan, but still the point stands, be prepared. 
Where is Waldo in the last one?
i laughed so hard that a special kind of hell is being made just for me
Where the hell is he in 16?
smack dab in the middle, laying on a towel.
Holy fuck man. I found Waldo but not fucking Traybone in the last one.
If you look right in the middle of the picture you will see a lady holding up a towel with a hole in the middle of it, now if you look up just a tiny bit you will see Traybone lying on that blue blocker thing. Hope this helps.
This is the most fucked up thing I have ever seen on Reddit, by way of 4chan, so I guess it doesn't count.  Each picture is fucking horrible, undoubtedly done by insulated children, the last one was particularly fucked up.  Where the fuck is he. The pictures are so offensive yet where the fuck is he in that last one. 
Butthurt
See the people on the edge of the water making a pyramid? Look under that, theres the striped box thing. Look a little left of the box and you'll see good ol' Waldo with his back pack and shit. Tray is on the whitish green beach chair near Waldo.
So 4chan/Reddit users can post pictures of any other dead person Photoshopped like this and i know you won't mind but if someone posts Trambam like this and all of a sudden everyone's holding their asses, screaming in pain looking for butthurt lotion. Fuck off whiteknight faggot 8====D ~~ 0; <== (you)
I'm guessing you've never been to ., or ...
Dead kid pictures is a subreddit? Must be an honor to mod there. 
Hell, they only started it in protest that . was taken down, but apparently you could post pics of . children, and nobody would care.
Too late: 
Now stop being a faggot and delete your late, crappier piece of shit.
OP, if you made this out of those shit posts you are a God. If not, tell is where you found it.
Not OP but I'm guessing he found them on 4chan

What the hell?.Also OP did you do those drawings?
If he did. It loos amazing. That face on water is very disney-ish. Maybe it's the smirk and the looks on it's eyes. It's the teeth. Those front teeth.
Why do people leave those shitty cookie cutter replies in the screenshot?
Rest in Peace in peace. 
oldest shit ever
people who find this funny should get tested for faggotism, as they clearly have a lot in common with OP
those comments.. god..
"my sides" 
OP pops his repost cherry

So uh...whats that from?
Naruto.
Lolollololol 10/10/10/10
lol'd
Wolololo they cut off the best part 
Scary click at work... but no NSFW tag so i proceeded

no regrets
Faggot
Holy mother of summerfags, /b/ is dead until september
Summerfags don't exist
spam typhoon
oh snap didn't see that coming 
My sides are in orbit
Saw it coming. 
MFW I'm dating Liberace
Op is King of the Omegas.
Oh, god, I laughed 'til I cried.
I read this as "be 1 years old" and the story made no sense.
This sounds so much like OP it might actually be true.
OP is always a faggot.....but, OP isn't a faggot........
I don't know what to believe anymore. 
Get on his health insurance plan.
But that gay has amazing tits!
d'aaawwwww
How does a . with kind of the same title get more votes and attention than the guy's that posted this first submission?
OP is lucky the guy is a bottom.
Actually funny
How does this sht get upvoted, /b is more capable than this sht. 
Pic irrelevant, 0/10, fuck you op.
This makes me sad. But then happy cause I'm not a beta faggot like OP
Picture unrelated, OP's a fag.

op is a faggot.

yeah, down some Viagra, get hammered, snort some coke even, do what you gotta do, but you made your bed, now you gotta go balls deep in it.
See, the problem is that OP wasn't a faggot...
Wat
Pic contains tits, 10/10, thank you op. 
OP is still a faggot
best story ever
That's just depressing.
does anyone have the full res image?
Beta as fuck, beta ass fuck.
This actually probably did happen.
he's a faggot even when it comes to being a faggot.
Wanna play some vidya with me I'll buy some tacos and beer 
[deleted]
It means suck copious amounts of dick, which you already seem quite fond of.
[deleted]
Jesus christ faggot, you're calling me a newfag but don't know what vidya means.
I hate you so much.
Your responses are cringe worthy.
Jokes on him, he's been sticking his dick into a straight guy for a year now.
Anyone got the image?

This is some bull shit..I've hooked up with men that had years on me, neither of them made me tacos, had video games of any kind, or served me beer..What the fuck is that about? I think I need to find better DILFS..Then again, at least I'm getting some ass. 

Cheers man
He goes soft? Implying that he was hard beforehand?
Getting sucked and tugged on can get anyone hard usually..But fear and stress set in when he is expected to literally do the act that technically solidifies gayness..Fear nervousness and stress so suddenly will deflate your shit so fast.
Or he might not be gay... you know...
Impossible.  Everyone's gay
So it's not technically gay until there's actual male ass penetration?  Good to know, I'm gonna start asking my bro friends for some 100% straight jerkoff and blowjob sessions.
Yeah but he said he goes soft as soon as he gets in. .OP is a faggot. 

Talkin' bout in his mind that he's legit gay if he sticks it in.  
you know from experience.
I try almost everything out.  Wink
Let him fuck you up the ass, problem solved.
Yeah OP don't be so butthurt

I think you're gonna have some fun with ..
He is planet. 
I am impressed.
what's the deal with that?! are they losing their edge over there?
Not everyone is a faggot over there.
Lies! Slander!
I've been in that situation before. There is no way out. You're pretty much outta luck. What I did, I ran. I ran like I never ran before. Before I knew it, I was escaping on foot, hitching through Oregon. Some cops recognized me, started harassing. Next thing I know, I have a whole army of cops running after me through the woods, I had to take em all out it was a bloodbath. They didn't know that if you hunt a man, he can snap like a twig. Next thing you know I'm burning a village in south Asia, I can't sleep, I'm killing everything that moves, everything that lives. You gotta run dude, your fuel for revenge should be only one thought... they drew first blood.
Fun fact: only one dude dies in the first film, and he had it coming.
You just described the plot of Rambo.
Frank did you just describe the plot of Rambo?
Portlandfag
Hey man, fuck you.
thatsthejoke.jpg
That's the rest of the quote dot fuck you
Those tits are amazing. 
they taste just like raisin.
But I didn't lick them
I bet you're the kind of guy that would fuck a person in the ass and not even have the goddamn common courtesy to give him a reach-around.
Where you from, private?
SIR, TEXAS, SIR!
Are you making a sir sandwich?
Holy dog shit! Texas? Only steers and queers come from Texas, Private Cowboy, and you don't look much like a steer to me, so that kinda narrows it down. Do you suck dicks? 
SIR, NO, SIR!
Are you a peter puffer?
SIR, NO, SIR!
BULLSHIT!  I bet you could suck the chrome off a trail hitch!
BULL-SHIT! I bet you could suck a golf ball through a garden hose, boy. 
Wow, you do not remember your full metal jacket. in any case:
Gomer
And you don't know how to spell Lawrence
More then one way to spell a name.
Less than two ways to spell "than".
Fewer than two ways.

oh god, the world must be ending if op isn't a faggot
kinda sounds like he is to me
nigga be gay
I don't think he's gay... He most definitely the gayest strait guy to ever walk the face of the earth... but not gay.
he just wishes he was
OP gets free tacos, beer and vidya but won't even fuck a brother in the ass? Selfish. Get some viagra, lie back and think of England, faggot.

Read again. He tried, but he always gets soft.

Hail Britannia!... 
Stupid sexy England.
Stupid sexy Flanders.
Stupid forgetful Michael
Feels lok um wearin nuttin etall m8
Oy guvna, you fancy a fok? 
*shag..Source: English and brummy
Lol, brummies. My French teacher in high school was from Birmingham.
Poor sod.


Mods are gods
I can't believe people actually think they are banning people... 
Bi-annually*
Glad i could make an appearance.
AMA Request someone with shoe on head.
I right-click, open in new tab'd on the link in photo #26, forgetting it was an image. _
[deleted]
well I just b& you and everyone in this thread.I feel erect.e: shit negro I can't ban mods. this is bullshit
Almost every comment here has been downvoted into that new tom cruise movie, but they really aren't much worse than usual.
Mods doin' the Lord's work.
Hey mods, you dropped your fedoras.
None of those were funny you fucking fucks
"consider their collective faggotry as a favor to you" lmao, my sidessssss

How do you get black background on Reddit?
some good, original, and real shit on /b/ good job
97
Hey! I'm famouse! .47/57
seriously you should just ban any retard that has to ask those questions
oh god you actually dug through all the modmail and did this.you poor fuck
Post pics of yourself as 12 year old girl. If you don't deliver in 24 hours, proceed to kill yourself.
I want some meme koinz too.
So, users here are retarded. Who knew?
Petition to mod . 
Shes gotta show tits first
if he gets in so should Dapwell, that tip is handy

I still don't get hidden karma on 4chan
Oh my god, I am not very smart. 
Thank you mods for doing such a wonderful job
Mods = Gods
If this is every 2 years it's bi-annual - every six months is semi-annual
I had a feeling my post would make it here (#8)..Sorry for being a retard on the internet.
Complete shit.
bampersand?
Step one: install reddit enhancement suite aka RES 
Step two: locate options menu in top right of screen, unless you're Japanese or something.
Step three: apply night mode  

Your link is broken dude. 
You are all tremendous faggots.
B + & (and) = banned
No shit, faggot, I figured that out by myself, too. The & character is called "ampersand" though.
Don't pay that faggot no mind, he done been retarded for a while now.
tl;dr
Holy shit the faggotry is unimaginable. Also this is one of the best posts ever in this subreddit. some of those are top lel.faggot edit: top lel that shoe on head .2rd faggot edit: loool that crackhead terrorist is either trolling you or he is the biggest tard on the planet.3st edite: ir master trelle!!   .4rd: I swear to fucking /b/tard god this is the funniest shit ever posted. every image is top lel.5rd: yes i wanna get b& and post a pic of myself with shoe to get unb&
Kill yourself
I loled @ snafu tokens 
What did you fucking expect?
Shoe on the head really makes this, top notch work mods.
step four : kill yourself 
I love this sub so much. 
Stop saying top lel you fucking retard!
Your wish is my command.
he is unabnned now. Thanks for the pic faggot.
do make sure you post me on next mod mail thread faget
K
You mean... I don't have the power to ban people from a subreddit I'm not the admin of? My entire life has been a lie...
And I was trying so hard...
NOW UR BANNED NEWB
Cheers mods for the hearty laff I enjoyed..Go kill yourselves
The summer is even hitting . I see...
which is a good fucking achievement since its constantly fucking middle of june here
Says the guy with the faggot uppercase username
fack you nigger
I have an uppercase user name.  Can I be a faggot too? puh puh puh please?
Only if you can suck your own dick
post dick in shoe with timestamp. then faggotry approved.
says the guy using nicknames as an argument while himself has an edgy, godtier, special-army nickname? gtfo
LOL SOUNDS LIKE YOU HAD YOUR DONGERS DROPPED!. RAISE YOUR DONGERS .You fucking retard, look at my post history. This is a circlejerk account.  You're actually a faggot who went and thought, "hmm,  an uppercase username that's slightly absurd... The shock value will get me many upboats!"
haha.actually i dont care enough about this matter that i'd do that, but i guess that i can accept you explanation.. except maybe the uppercase username thing. how is it absurb? and idc about upboats. .but hey, plz dont respond
Oh boy you sure told him..Kinda not being sarcastic either.
yeye w/e
Thats a lot of autism.
It's sad how the . mods are probably the most mature people on Reddit
Really? The one time I messaged them I got the shoe on head request and then a "fedora edgy le le le le" shitstorm of to-and-fro responses between them when I declined. I'm still not off the chemo after reading it.
Because people cannot act.
Great now I have cancer.
that sounds like us.
but how often do you faggots tongue kiss and buttfuck one another
bi-hourly.and can I get in on it?
How the fuck would you know that if you weren't already in on it?
You can easily guess.
Mods are faggots, and I'm not a mod.
You can always count on mods to out-shitpost everyone else.
Have to maintain status as kings of the shitpile somehow.
It sure is summer in here
This just discribes 4chan so well... 
Seven years ago. Still being upvoted by giddy summerfags.  I remember seeing this image from YLYL threads in 2007
Wow, you must be a really big oldfag! Pleasure to meet you!

You don't happen to want to join my friends server, TF2 that shit is cancer as well and it is title Fadora Fiesta 
Wut
CANCER
I think it was you OP. .Off to the classic board with this shit. 
didn't even know that subreddit existed. fuck me in the face.
Summer
Will do faget.

Oh, it's funny because he killed someone and OP is using synonyms for murder in his post.
if only anon had provided a better shot of Gruden's famous buldge....
This is even worse than the reddit lifehacker

wat
They do have great build quality, it sure exceeds anything in that price range. It's not even too much more expensive when you consider the resale value, they tend to devalue much slower than any other brand.
I could genuinely buy 3 laptops of equal spec for the price of a $2000 macbook.
Congratulations, you have autism.

My PC costs half of what a Macbook would with more power, but I can't really lug it around. You pay a premium for build quality, it's the one Apple product I wouldn't mind shelling over a bit extra cash for. I don't believe many Ultrabooks can compete with the Air.
This shit looks like it's been written by a 16-year-old. Most of it is common knowledge/sense and the rest is straight-up retarded. 
"Brunettes are bitchier than Blondes" Whatever you say, kissless handholdless virgin
That Anon at 0:34:09 is a real douche...
"handholdless".lol'd
Same pic was posted 2 days ago with different request confirmed fake
gahh aside from asking to be made to look like a girl, that picture is just the definition of faggot: short hair, baby-face, stupid grin, it's just too mongoloid 
Sometimes I hate /fit/...
Lmao
o dear god
Lol fuck yes 10/10
I HATE WHEN THAT HAPPENS.
Yeah, okay. Not bad.
The most accurate description of /fit/ thus far
oh my
I love me some chocolate milk....
Fuck chocolate milk. This is /fit/. Chocolate Wayne FTW. 
I prefer the reg- waaaiiitt a minute....
That was close.
This is fucking garbage.
In reality 'do u even lift?' is about as far as you can go in common society without being perceived as an autist. 
I lost it at "re-velcro my shoes".
I seriously had to put my phone down I was laughing so hard. Fedora. Flame shirt. Velcro. Rolly backpack. What imagery haha
LOL DAE LOSE IT?! OH GOD MY SIDES 10/10 WOULD LOL AGAIN.Fuck you.
cry more
I lost my virginity to you're mom
*your
*faggot
This might have actually happened. Rare for 4chan. 
Your name made my trousers cook up somethin fierce in my thyroid.
Haha I don't know how that works but thanks. I came up with it last Saturday out drinking with friends,  a buddy of mine is a teacher and I was telling another friend he teaches special ed Sex ed. Don't know why I was high and drunk though. 
There are strange things afoot at the Circle K.
I'm white (sorta) and have a huge cock. It's bigger than yours.
0/10 cancerous racism
[deleted]
Nice mate. You win life then maybe?
Was just a story I wrote and liked.
Tits or GTFO
Relax, your penis shrinks when you are jealous.
So that's why girls have vaginas and not dicks...
Genius! A true work of art.
It's funny because he's too stupid to recreate his own face
Reminds me of when the fat guy trying to reach the CD showed up in a thread.
I thought she looked like Precious...

It's ok cuz he was black..Only white people can be racist in 'murica. 
Cursive be raycess.
Only white people can be racist anywhere.
Too many people look like this.
She is Black Shrek. Shrek is Love, Shrek is Life. She is here to save Trayvon from the White Opressor
this is so bad and unfunny i'm surprised it wasn't stolen from family guy
it was taken from a family guy episode 
rid the world of your existence, everyone will be much happier
what??


Xbox azzure cloud mofo buy it or you'll be sorry.
Absolutely disgusting 

Fuck you for making me read this.
What in the fucking fuck is this? Go jump of a bridge or something op
Go jump of a bridge? How do jump of a bridge?
Instructions unclear. Dick stuck in bridge. 
it's like video games are fucking life changing now or something
Always have been. Kill yourself. 
It's called "summer"
Kill yourself.
You first faggot.
[deleted]
That last thing you appended made your entire statement unfunny
The entire statement was already unfunny...
Of course I mean unfunny-er.
Your mom is unfunnier. LOL I KNOW COMEDY
Its like one gigantic circle jerk among all neck-beards and mouth-breathers spread across all of the internet. 
Got that pic?
yep. 
huehuehuehuehue
okay guys what the fuck is this shit.are we just adding prefixes to -sexual for shiggles now?.christ
I guess it's a real thing, and is actually considered a mental disorder by many. I seriously hope pedos don't want marriage rights to minors, that'd be a little too f##### up. Even by internet standards
uh, its legal to marry 14-year-olds in the united states. 
With consent from their parents, iirc
great, so daughter swapping is fine. 
Yea I suppose it is. 'Murica, I sure do love my freedom
give it 20 years, we'll be the fundie haters for thinking its wrong to fuck 5 year olds
Children are not capable of goddamned consent..Men are able to consent with other men or with women, women are able to consent with other women or with men, people can choose what to do with their own bodies regardless of whether it's a choice I would make or not..BUT CHILDREN CANNOT PROVIDE CONSENT.
I couldn't agree more, its coming though. This only goes in one direction, when the people that hold that sign get everything else they want they'll start pushing to make it more acceptable. Each year more people will think theres nothing wrong with it and you will be more of a bigot for opposing it to them.
I don't give a fuck. This is a gun I'll stick to forever. Pedophiles don't merit an equal rights discussion because people who aggress against children don't have rights as far as I'm concerned.

I used to think the announcements in the grocery store were police APBs for some reason. .Used to think pennies were worth more than dimes because they were bigger.Used to think when people said "I don't drink" they didnt mean alcohol, they meant they didnt drink .Used to think the pharmacy was a bad place because they sold "drugs" there..Used to think guns fired the whole bullet, case and all.Used to think sugar and salt were just different "flavors" of the same thing. .Used to think flour was made from flowers.Used to think baseball players and actors just stood around waiting during the commercials.Used to think different spots in the house had different water. As in the water in the kitchen come from one place, while the water in the bathroom came from another, and the water from the garden hose from still another. All with lesser degrees of quality. Hence the water from each source tasting different.Used to think a basketball was called that because the black lines on the ball made it look like a wicker basket.Used to think raisins were dead bugs.Used to think the turn signal in the car told the driver which way to go.Used to think doughnuts were just sweet bagels.Used to think popcorn was some weird fucking food made in a lab
Almost everyone in this thread believed something like "girls pee out of their asses"
what about the retarded belief that OP isn't a faggot?
I need that picture
Shhhh
Hahahaha, nobody ever believed that.
The kid in that picture is going to grow up and either rob a series of liquor stores or murder someone. Probably both. Just something about that lifeless gaze...
I used to think that the con-trails from jets are where clouds came from. Which also made me think it was going to rain every time i saw one.
I avoided listening to the radio, to not be rude to all the musicians when i would walk away or someone turned it off.
Half of the baseball players stand around waiting on commercial
During the game too
Holy jesus that's right
Used to think flour was made from flowers  .They aren't
That's basically where Tolkien got the idea for orcs, asians; or to be more specific, Mongolians.
I thought the word "minute" was a swear word.
Minute as in a unit of time or minute as in small?

Watch your mouth!
I swear to god this is a repost.
I didn't believe how fast I could make my computer by deleting system32!
In pokemon, when trying to catch a pokemon, if you held A, B, L, and R simultaneously when the ball closed, your chances of capture increased. Still do that to this day.
I used to think holding A increased your chance of capture and holding B decreased.
I'm going to say that one is true.
Nope. Different types of dough. Different cooking process. Different texture and taste..They're both round and have a hole in em. Thats about it
Tim Hortons has blueberry bagels and doughnuts, one is sweet and the other is not as sweet. .Checkmate pastry funDIE.
Are these bagels baked?
Yes, and the donuts are fried. I understand how pasties work.
I believed that "key to the city" one too.
I believed the TV one. Think of all those poor actors that had to redo everything every time I wanted to watch VeggieTales....
Girls peed from their butts.
I still believe that. 
Guess what...they do.
That last one sounds about right.


That link... I don't even... What?
As an asian man, I'm going to have to agree with you on that one.





What the fuck am I reading?
fgt cnt spll wtf s ths sht
You are opinion. We are all opinion.
I are opinion? Me learned good English.
Get the fuck out of here
That's your opinion and I respect that 
Fuck you that's my line!
Fuck all of you. Every single one.
My body is ready.
That's your opinion and I respect that.
i was about to xpost this to tumblrinaction before i fully read the title.feel me
"Oh other people from tumblr must be here already raping 4chan with porn and shit!"
It's 4chan meta-trolling itself. Isn't that obvious?
Oh honey.
So he intends to become a regular poster?
No stop, don't, comeback.
 
porn AND shit
OH NO! NOT PORN!!!!!
Then came a a weird relationship known as tumblr x 4chan. 

This is so old
Pissing in an ocean of piss, etc.
tumblr girls think they are porn addicts, bitch you haven't been on 4chan before have you
 comes to mind
We should start a movement on tumblr to get them to raid 4chin. When mass suicide ensues we go to the funerals and collect the tears of loved ones in mason jars. If all goes well, we'll have enough tears to create a river of sorrow and bathe like kings while masturbating furiously.
Would have tried with r/aawwwww pics for a proper result 
hope they got rid of that cancer
get her?
This poor sweet summerchild
Oh no
You can't rape the willing
Bringing porn to 4Chan is just sharing family photos.what's the deal
?
I pace falmed with such power that a few cars exploded near me...
This is the most I've actually lol-ed at something on the internet in a long time.
ROFL
Does that bitch know what 4chan is?.He can't deny its girth. 
Neckbeard is shaking in hs crocs
What does a picture of the scientist guy (Daniel Faraday) from Lost have to do with this?.Wtf?
Lol oh dear god she doesnt know
that's cute.
Everybody, quick! Shut down tumbler and help me fap.
Is it safe to play here? 
Challenge accepted.
I fucking hate Tumblr so much, it turned the best person I know into an obsessed  weaboo hanging out with a bunch of teenagers. Not cool, Tumblr, not cool. .Also what will 4chan do if their fragile pure as driven snow minds are exposed to porn?.What if that porn has a.) black people or b.) gays? .Then she'd really show those Anonymous fellas what's the business!
e'yup, that'll show 'em!
Oh no. Not the porn. D:
"and after that I'll drown some fish"
Why doesn't she just show up and give them all hand jobs while shes at it. haha
This can only end very well.
Oh no!
Poor sweet innocent child. Little does she know the depths of twisted depravity that await her on her journey.
Obviously doesn't know 4chan is 99% porn
control f to find 'pic' so this can be explained to me and this cunt happens to have pic in his userboopityboop
That porn better be her tits or she can just GTFO.
WARNING: SHITTY COMMENTS BELOW.You have been warned.
This post gave me cancer 
This almost belongs in ..

Come to Butthead...
just adding to the pile known as a dirty smurf 
This is fucking gold.
How'd it go? "Know your enemy" or something like that?
Yeah they clearly forgot about that
old as fucking shit faglord nigger
Fighting Cancer with cancer, are we?
I imagine this being like the scene in fight club where Tyler lets himself get his ass kicked while laughing hysterically and raining blood down onto his foe, showing that you can't hurt 4chan. Only 4chan can hurt 4chan.
Sooooo... Repost.
I'm heading to the beach this weekend. What should I bring besides sand?
Holy shit, that is the oldest of old.
Oh no, not porn 
They'd be better off spamming 'choose ur gun in zomby apoclypse' threads 
Oh no, not... that... 
Priceless
My sides...
Wouldn't that be like trying to drown a shark?
Older than old is old.
This is WAR
That would only make 4chan a tad better.
Holy shit, its Dicky Crowe from Justified, and he's in Lost. I never noticed
ok please do
Too late

Go ahead. Make our day.
"Ok, /b/ros, let's do this!"
when someone is that stupid you can only compare it with Caligula who wage war on Poseidon and actually send his army to stab the shit out of the water
3DGIFY ME
I snorted so hard a massive booger flew out of my nose.
 understand
Dickie Bennet?
AUTOREK
this is just cute
That shit was a good two years ago.
I imagine a baby in a boxing fight with Muhammed Ali and the baby is just smacking Muhammed in ghe legs with no effect. 
He then falcon punches the baby so hard it's face becomes embedded in its head and for the rest of its life is known as "Pug child". The end.
Next, she'll threaten us with photoshop and Navy SEALs!
i hope she dose because i only use 4chan to find new porn.
It's like pissing into a sea of piss.
At this point I think we can slap any person making any face whatsoever on to anything and call it a reaction face.
Whats the story here? 4chan is shutting down tumblr for the lulz?
at least maybe then we'd get some OC
except Upham is a faggot who let Mellish(spelling?) die
i'm on acid and y'all are fucking funny
I hope she meant naked pics of herself, cause she's hot.
What the hell is a post like this doing on this subreddit?  

Faraday! This bitch will soon become the most popular anon in 4chan history. 
God forbid that we get . on /b/..Wait.  
Shittiest post ever. 
Scotty doesn't know
That Fiona and me 
Do it in my 
Niggers. 
Every sunday.
I watched all of Lost and still don't know how the bottom pic is related
It's not at all related... It makes no sense..I just finished rewatching all of Lost a few weeks ago and there is no reference. 
The facial expression.
Newfag
No reference... but he is looking longingly at a little girl
Ohhhh, is this where he is looking at the redheaded girl he loves?.Definitely not the best picture to convey that it's that scene in the show.
The idea is that that man's face represents our faces when we see that girl's post. One of pity mingled with amazement at her lack of comprehension as to what 4chan is composed of.
Maybe if two of us ask someone will call me a fag and answer you.
It's not a reference to the show or anything, it's just the particular reaction
He has on his face, like,  "Oh how cute this toddler is trying to pick a fight with me"......Faggot.
Pretty sure it's just Daniels expression
How do you shitters constantly fall for this tired ass troll post? 
Drop the car.
Wobwobwobwob woberwobwibiywezeezle wob wobw wob,
They don't think it be like it is, but it do. 
Shut the fuck up nigger.
If I was a nigger, how could I be reading this?
Pet monkey translator
This is older than I am.
Oh boy.
You're younger than Tumblr? What in the actual fuck are you doing on 4chan? Even if it is only .?
TIL my 4x table
Most people on both seem to be about 6 years old.
This is older than I am.
[deleted]
you're old as shit
I'm a newborn and oenabjdjfn plyhjthhhh 

Bitch, I'm still in the womb. Don't ask how I got a keyboard in here.
How did you get a keyboard in there?
Bluetooth
Damn. Beat me too it..Bluetooth is a helluva drug.

ELI5 what is 6 years old
It's like you but 1 different. Is good yes? Is not good is good yes.
Remember seeing this a while back, it isn't related either, but more faraday/4chan fun:
That's it.
Old repost.
What? A repost on Reddit? 
Rolled lamppost 

Shit, I got Bork'd

.gif linked from Tumblr...intriguing.

oh... honey
Personally, I liked the boobs.
I have to agree that boobs were also my favorite part.
Quick everyone get out your NSFL folder and pm this bitch.
Can I use my furries folder?
I was expecting everyone already would know the answer, yes.
Don't bother. This is 2 years old
.also- 
Wow, its only the 4th day of summer?
Unfortunately.
but she "eatsbabies" LOL SO RANDUMB i bet she wishes she had a spork so she could hold it up, but has never actually seen one in real life. 
Especially a spork of doom 
teh sp0rk 0f d00m
No.. Not this shit again.
Sppoder.jpg
How did you know about my nsfl folder?
I saw it hidden in your 'porn' folder
Your comment reminded me of the Warpzone sketch, "."
Wow, that's beyond newfag. 
To infinity and beyond!
It's a NOT-fag, she doesn't even know what 4chan is
She doesn't even go here!
Says a redditor who is subscribed to this cancerous subreddit.
Trying too hard, 1/10
I just realized this.
Phew, it sure is summer in here.
not only that, but I also have him tagged as 
Yeah, this guy's obviously a little insecure about his newfagness. Don't sweat, anon; just lurk moar. 
Lurk it harder.Lurk it better.Lurk it faster.Lurk it stronger
Doesn't get much cancerous than that phrase.
Stop subtracting from this circlejerk. 
Wait, are we jerking or serious?
fag
This is reddit, you shit smeared mongoids. This makes everyone here niggerfaggots.
[deleted]
Says a redditor who is subscribed to this cancerous subreddit.
Says a subreddit who is subscribed to this cancerous redditor.
I . it here.
Says a faggot.
[deleted]
Remember when summerfag specifically meant someone who started lurking in the summer of 08?
Hands Free Fapping?
TIL: proper usage of combo breaker  >.<
C-C-C-
-C-C Continuing source of inspiration.

PROPANE
This is the only comment I care about. Ever.
it's only a propyl group, god knows what he has attached on the end of that
Probably -R

C-c-c-cumbucket breaker
DSFARGEG
Can I put my Konami code in here?
Only if you clean up after!



He's not actually implying, it's being directly stated that they are two separate folders.
No, he said that the nsfl folder is . the porn folder. I mean, even the sickest bastard here has . sfl porn, right?....Right?
I can't even get a chub if it doesn't involve flaming dead bodies and animals.
directory structure nigga.
So flaming dead animals = That shit aint ever going down
I neatly organize my pornography based on fetish, species, and gender.  
That's ruff. Huehue.
i buy a subscription  
good for you, paying that pornstar like the economy demands!
What the fuck is wrong with you?

male.female.that's 2 genders
But that's just how you think cuz of your privilege.
You disgust me.
In that order?
No, in order would be species, gender, fetish.
What about age? Surely you seperate your barely legal from your granny porn.
Oh, I generally stick within the 20-30 age range.

Sort of like how I organize mine...."Species", "Gender", and "Fish".  Sometimes they overlap, boy fish/girl fish---  Oh wait, you said "fetish"..Not so much how I organize mine then.
Okay, so I discriminate between female and dickgirl.
Herms
/d/ here, That is respectable.
But what about manginas?
Sounds like a pretty cool show: Mangina and Dickgirl.
Get out

This bitch don't know
surprise buttfuck
Sharpie in the pooper.
And more...Hahaha!
Porn and shit would make 4chan better.
Isn't 4chan primarily composed of "porn and shit"?
...A drop in the bucket.
You must be new here
Not really, it was a joke.
Isn't the internet?
As long as its not shitty porn. Shit porn is ok though.
Wouldn't even change 4chan

Fuck it'd probably water it down.
If it's regular porn, yes.
/b/ likes its traps. 
ew, gross, . porn. I hate it when a girl pulls down her skirt and there's a vagina there.
Double Anal?  What are you a Puritan or something?
DPDA
DVDA
No, he obviously meant what he said. Double Peehole Double Anal.
Quadruple Peehole.
Fuck now you guys aren't gonna think I'm the smartest neck beard anymore.
Yeah that exactly. Who has sex in vaginas anymore? What is this, the dark ages?
grade schoolers? please, I like my CP filmed in the neonatal unit.
You probably like them so young they just came out of the guy's dick onto your face.
She gets to 4chan. "Oh wow, 4chan is already under attack. Seems like I've created such a large movement."
We did it tumblr!!!
Bowel movement.
Brain enema
Anal prolapse
Erectile dysfunction
it's like pissing into a ocean of piss.
So you're saying 4chan is a public pool?
It's like threating kids with candy
Pool's closed
No, no, no. You're assuming that her porn and shit is just as tame as what she'll get on 4chan - this is more like throwing a bottle of water at a tsunami of period blood.
Or shitting in an ocean of shit.
SO MUCH JENKEM.
Shh
Solids don't make oceans. 
Who said I was talking about solid shit?
Not since the accident...
Alcoholics don't shit solids.
What if it's all diarrhea?
Clearly you aren't drinking enough whiskey.
Ever had mexican?
you mean edible pipe cleaner?
Nigga you need ChipotlAway. Changed my life.
And porning into an ocean of porn.
That was shit, you cunt.
My shit ain't solid
Well, not with . attitude. 
Or pouring water into an ocean of water.amidoinitrite?
Actually it's like your soda is half empty and somebody comes over and fills  your cup with more soda. 
 Everybody will be dancing and will
Feeling it right 
Or how about splicing scenes of porn into porn?
Well it's not like that, it is that.
Don't worry, you're doing just fine
NOBODY TELLS ME WHAT TO LOOK AT!
Speak 
HE SAID LOOK AT THIS FAGGOT! 
Jeez you don't need to yell, prick.
I'M NOT YELLING!! 
enjoying yourself boys?
Go fuck something.
alright, get your filthy ass over here you whore

And if a male says rape, we are fucked. Check your privilege bitch.
Oh snap, crackle pop.


rip in piece.
Despite the subreddit, this is probably not actually coming from a TiA-style person.
TiA-style? I tried google but it spat back out a whole load of nothing.
Tumblr in Action dude.
thank you as well
You say that like it should be obvious.
Action Dude gets raped by Tumblr? Is the video at least fappable?
This. Is. Africa.
waka waka
Ehhhhhh ehhhg
 though I've not been interested enough to visit there and find out what is in style.
thanks
What the fuck is this? Is there some kind of secret language or some shit going on in there, because literally none of the shit on there makes any sense at all.
It's mostly 4-8 year olds.
If you're white or male, you'll probably just disagree with it all anyways..They'll call you "privileged" and shower you with downvotes. It's not very exciting..Edit : This could all be wrong. Oops.
You're confusing it with SRS.
Am I? I tend to avoid all of those places, so I might be a little backwards.
TiA mocks SRS-style tumblr posts written by 13 year olds who think they're somehow oppressed.
Ahhh, that makes sense. Everything is becoming much clearer.
TiA mocks tumblr social justice activists, i.e those 13 year old girls on tumblr who pretend they're oppressed by everyone
Check.
yrrself b4 ya shrek yerself
Mate atheists
Wait a second. Atheist don't have privilege.
Why should I mate atheists?
I hear they have amazing genetics and produce beautiful offspring.
[deleted]
implying that prayer cures cancer? Subtle play, I like it.
Their natural breeding rate is statistically lesser than those following the religiously driven imperative to reproduce. It's like pandas; they'll go extinct otherwise.
Because we all know atheism is hereditary...

[deleted]
No.
Because they are euphoric
Only in this moment though.
gib mony plz
Beautiful.
Niggas need to stop saying "with the force of 1000 suns" and learn to describe actions like normal human beings.
Fucking, gorgeous man!.He was simply addressing the reader as a gorgeous man. Fuck him, right?
I'm not sure what the force of 1000 suns would be. What is the force of one sun? Is it measured in Newtons? Since its the largest object around, there isn't much to exert a pull force on the sun. Maybe OP could say "Which actor would you fuck with the force of 1000 meteors, or with the energy of primary cosmic rays."
Maybe OP meant the force of gravity produced by the sun, if he can't understand commas he can't understand how to phrase sentences
No he meant to not put a comma because he likes men
OP's a faggot, after all.
OP was always a faggot.
Imagine that
Just another reason to prove why OP is such a faggot
Aluminum?
And a slow, mentally defective pothead.
My freshman college roommate had that setup.
I hate when my cans come solid.  they need to start making that shit hollow.
I am so fucking stupid. Came to the comments looking for the funny, didn't clock it until I read this. Welp, off to kill myself.
Deliver, faggot.
People are storing drugs in Arizona cans these days? Looks like Zimmerman was onto something.
He was clearly still high when he wrote that
Hey, hey dude, what if we like, hollowed out a ., and like, put our weed in that?
I would pay so much to have a GIF of the first flight scene in Man of Steel but Superman replaces with Trayvon.
Trayvoning is a thing? Bahhhaaaaahaaa.
Asshole dad!
I want to believe that this one happened. OP, if you're here, that really sucks.
Right in the feels
god dammit that dad is a faggot
Pics or it didnt happen
aw :(
shoulda shanked 'im rite in 'is cheeki kunt face
I dont want to feel these feels
Them feels
I never understand why people who have no intention of being parental figures have kids. Either put them up for adoption, or never have them in the first place. This type of bullshit is what permanently psychologically damages a person and increases that persons risk to society. Fuck this parent, I hope he ends up in the hands of a cartel or even better our own fucking government. 
....My feels..... All of my feels...
</3
I'm more interested in what the guy above him loves.
Still not as sad as goosebro.....
I was trying to fuckin' sleep, and now... This
MY FEELS WERE NOT READY. I REALLY hope that this is one of those fictional stories that only a fool would believe, cuz its bummin me out too goddamn hard.
Why u make me sad.... :/
alls i can say is... dude... the feels...they make me sad...
Later that night anon Bruttally murders father 
Anon's dad loses a son.
Right in the feels...
OP's dad is an asshole.
Well that ruined my day...
This story is fake because my tears can't be real.
lie down, try not to cry, cry a lot.
Whenever I hear of elderly abuse I always think of stuff like this and wonder how many years did the crone have it coming.
The feels have been hit. 
I hope this is fake, the laughter is way, way too far.
That hit me right in the feels.
Why the fuck would anyone WANT thus to be true. 
and possibly his life
What's goose bro
OP your feet are under you you fucking idiot. The rain won't be blinding if you're looking down cause your head will be blocking them. Fuckin dumbass
"Even better our own government". .Wow man, lets not go TOO far now. That's some heavy shit right there. ;-)
An older story like this but with a goose.... Yep that's about it.
I LOVE IT
learn to crop faggot

Lick the pussy or else OP is a faggot.
Dad should have scraped the cat off the ground and put it in OPs bed and told him his cat was scared from the storm and in his room.
Dammit OP I'm so damn pissed off right now.
OP's dad is a faggot. 
I want to kick his dad in the pants. With a sledgehammer.
jesus christ
:[
FUCK YOU OP. NOBODY MAKES ME FEEL MY OWN FEELS. 
Kill your dad. Murder him. yolo. I have no proxy. NSA is watching. It was sarcasm... bring him to cour. ...pls...
[deleted]
I was?

With the only lubrication as rain and cat goo. 



My current when?
My Cell When.Like... a storm cell. This seemed more obvious in my head. 
6/10
I would have skinned the dad alive at that point.

subtle
Yeah, but to one up Ramsay, I would've drowned him in alcohol right after.

;~; stahp.
I pay good money to not feel these feelings 
Feel with it,  bro. 
dad=cunt
True, but the cat was a pussy.
2original4me
you = cunt
Nice job 53 downvotes on a subreddit that consists of 53 people..
:( I hope it's not true

thus, dad=you
op = still a faggot..See ? things never change.
Can someone explain this to me?  .Yes.. I'm a niggerfaggot.
Saw that one coming after the "people crowded around me" i mean who just crowds around friends laughing?
Saw it coming
You don't down vote spongebob. EVER
That story was not spooky at all.
extra fast so you dont have to waste the fully 20min to get the joke
You sir, have made my day...
Upvotes/downvotes are a social construct. 
this is fucking spongebob squarepants.
And this one, too...
How the FUCK did I not see that coming?!
09/01/12
Sandy is an 8/10 at worst, nigger.
NO FUCKING WAY?!?!?
Op got me
THIS DOESNT DESERVE DOWNVOTES YOU NIGGERS
Goddammit I got Spongebobbed. Or Dane Cooked. I'm not sure. 
One of the better ones I've seen
If there ever was a character to replace our every loving ogrelord, Lord Shrek let it be him!.Kronk is love, Kronk is life!
This shit is never funny. Not with shrek, not with anyone.
This fucking sucked harder than op on a friday night.
hj
[deleted]
What 

And with laughter and tears there goes my childhood.
*their
*They're 
*there?
*Therr
*thurr
*Ffurr
[deleted]
But even after that there was that pretty bad TV show.
born before and never heard of it
I liked it. 
Unpopular opinions? Alright I'll give it a go. I think sports are even less enjoyable and more repetitive than a Dane cook show. That's unpopular right?
I don't like sports much either.
if you wanted to force some shit, at least think about a new slogan, fuckface
Shut the fuck up you fucking redditfag
... are you lost?

thatsthejoke.avi
forced bullshit
[deleted]
You'll get 'em next time, tiger.
Cheer up you'll get them next time
[deleted]
Why are there so many Stormfags on 4chan?
There's the saying that .; this very thing happened to 4chan's /pol/itics boards. Krautchan's /int/ drew their attention in a very similiar fashion.
It's fucking stupid because this post and others like it have been upvoted. . is full of Stormfags too. .GODDAMMIT
To be fair,  a black man dressed in black is very hard to see at night. But I guess thats too racist to point out.
I don't even think we can point them out if they're that dark.
Well, we all bleed red, so there's that. 
I have wipers. And a squeegee. No worries.
Cuz it's free
Internet is not free. Unless... They stole wifi.
someone must have done that better by now
lel lel so funny faggot
Who is that nigger lady anyway? 
Go watch the trial you uneducated pleb
Which trial, and for what? Just because im not 'merican doesnt mean im uneducated.
Wait.. the guy who played horde talking about the Draenei girl, I swear to god that was my friend who faked being a girl. If you read this anon, please tell me this was on Altar of Storms.
Lets see a photo dump of those nude pics
/v/ always makes me feel better about myself.
Stories in this post that are true:
Users with the need to mention the obvious: ummwut
Br?
HUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUE
SAturn - VEnus - MEcury + korean text + morse code in planet diagram = Save me in time, 8AM (my guess is Korean time zone, +9 UTC), likely the Korean launch of DOTA 2.
Faggot OP.
Thank God, I was almost worried there was a third.
Is this real life? 
Why
Stop trying to start that gay shit here.
Sorry.
Weak
Wait, was someone on 4chan just helpful? This can happen?
Had a similar situation once, working cashier at local gas station when a man in a hockey mask bursts in at around  10 pm telling me to give all the money in cashier. The guy was armed and I was alone in the store (manager was out for a sec) so i did as told. i had broom near me ( one is those industrial ones with a thick heavy wooden head) so i decided to use it to attack the guy which is stupid i know but the adrenaline had taken over. anyways as soon as the guy turns to flee I whack en on the head. He stumbles and falls down. I whack em again and he's out cold. I quit the week after. 
McDonald's has a policy that you just fcking give them the money if they have a gun, what the fuck
Cheaper to pay a criminal then an employees medical bill.
OP forgot to mention that we are almost as fat as the US, but all of the Asian and Indian immigrants keeps the obesity rates lower.

Wait... that's a bad thing?
Fuck america get canada 
OP forgot Canadians bleed maple syrup from their veins into jars and make Mericants fat(er) 
Fact I'm a real Canadian 
I live in Toronto, rarely do I see a lot of really fat people around...
wayyy more fatties in the us
My city must be the odd city out. No one is fat here.
yep
The kid could have avoided it by just apologizing in the first place.  Serves him right.
Shameless plug/relevant 
Just tell her to make him pay for it. So way if he's a shit, only getting revenge just makes him bitter. Life isn't a zero-sum game of shittiness.
Can you still
Magnet a ssd?
Heat-sink death by peanut-butter...innovative.
I'd love to see what would happen if you replaced the heat sink goo with old ass used motor oil. Actually, I have an old system with a bad mobo I might go try that on.
post results
Why not just remind the kid that you're fucking his sister?
No no no! The kid would complain to sister, and she would withhold sex.
They've been dating long enough to be engaged, why would she withhold sex when she likes it just as much?.Women also like sex and with the same reasons they withhold sex from men, men could withhold sex from women.

Fuckin asshole.
Kid got what he deserved. 
What subreddit was this?
? This is ., the post is from /v/, as it says in the title of the post.
Anon is a little shit. FTFY
Peanut butter the heat sink? Never heard that befkre
why not just have the little brother come home from school to see OP fucking his sister.
Why not just break his controller and a game or two?
Little shit meet big fucking shit.
Tfw OP was the little shit the whole time. 
snape kills gandalf, bruce willis is luke's father. directed by stephen spielbergdingdong
Cue the evil laugh
I'm all for teaching the kid a lesson... But why wouldn't you take the fucking working controller and leave the broken one... Now you still have to buy a new one ya fuckin idiot. .You're lucky this is fake. 
Exactly. It's like we're being lied to
Who would ever tell lies on the internet?
It seems the equivalent of 'a kid punched me in the face, so I stabbed his family with a kitchen knife and watched him cry.'
i'd just cook the kids parents into a delicious chili and trick him into eating it at the annual chili cookoff 
Breaking someone's possessions is not nearly the same as hurting their family.

I'm just saying it was a total overreaction.
You might say that it's equivalent to pissing off a gang member and later having your whole family killed because of it, but that would be a .. Just because a set of situations share a passing similarity doesn't mean they are equivalent.
Not nearly equivalent either.
Listen here you fucking little dumb shit, but whom the fuck was brain. Maybe open that little itsy bitsy head of yours, and have a think about what the fuck you just read, and its implications and how your response was so fucking dumb, that you really ought to just go and fucking off yourself right now? Yeah, what do you think about that you fucking little imbecile cunt phaggot dick-sucking CUNT. Fuck you are one little dumb shit weasle I will absolutely fucking rape you with a hot curling iron if I get the chance I SWEAR to fucking god you phaggot I swear it.
Wow you're right. I never thought about it that way before.
You are such a dumb little shit go fuck a faggot cunt
My brother who covered for me started crying when none of his shit worked.
Tough ruck.
Of all the things that never happened, etc.
Shut up
but its ok because its super funny and creative and artistic.  Peanut buttar lollerocopter 
Fake or not, I laughed. 
Laugh or not, I faked..
-OP
Winner is you, OP.
You must really enjoy dicks
Only when they're as charming as you.
I'm like -1/10 on the charm scale so I guess you must really gobble them
Actually, it means he only gobbles dicks if they're -1/10. All you did there is say he gobbles less dicks than anyone reading what he said would've thought, and that you have something barely worthy of calling a dick.
My dick is pretty nice though. why you so upset?
Man, that's downright diabolical.
stop that reddit bullshit. This isn't . .this is a sub full of green texts from 4chan. Remember that prominent saying about "stories posted here being artistic works of falsehood" or something to that extent?
This

Different colored text and "her" and "fiance" in different fonts that don't even line up with the original..Bullshit/10
Different colors are because of the spoiler tags + some bug with .her and fiance I typed in because you can't screencap spoiler tags.2/10, made me respond.
I had no idea..8.5/10 for actually being helpful.
cancer/10 for garbage posts.
summerfag/10 for edgy reply
I am eating delicious salted mixed nuts.  From a nut bag.
Insert unoriginal comment.Insert cancerous rating..upboats pls
upupupupupupupupupupupupupupupupupupup
Even if he broke your gaming shit, a man should never break another man's PC or console. It's just not cricket. Instead the smart move is to abuse his sister to the point she becomes a crack whore, knock her up and dump her so she sells her brother's xbox for baby formula (who am I kidding, for more crack) and after sucking every nigger dick known to man, kills herself in her brother's bathroom. 
K
Are you sure it's not cricket?
Of course it's not bloody cricket.
You're... You're a monster. This results in a completely gone system, where as OP merely wrecked it a bit. The kid could have that fixed, but with your method he'd need a whole new system and all his data would be gone. You're no better than the man you are chastising.
This isn't justice.  This isn't vengeance.   This is punishment.  
Every once in a while, you come across a person that you shouldn't have fucked with. Anon's future brother in law learned that lesson quickly..Regardless of how immature it was, a lesson was learned and that's what's important.
I read this in my shower (that Is right).Laughed my ass off and nearly fell
what wizardry is this?? 
2013
Iphone with a waterproof case, productivity is at an all time low
water-proof phone case for the neckbeard that just can't get enough!

Some call it a ziplock.
I'm still amazed people haven't figured this shit out..10c zip-lock bag means shower porn..Combine that with a showerbeer. Happy birthday cunts.
I thought i was the only one...
Locks can't zip..Triangles 1.
Atheists 0
But Zips can definitely lock. 
Wow this seems much more immature than the original kid. 
You must be new here. 
Immature if doing it to another adult..It's a lesson for the kid. Sends a powerful message "I may be an adult, but you fuck with my shit, you pay for my shit." A lesson he'd never get from his parents.

Is justice immature?
ok I'll break your shit and you can spend more money taking it to small claims court or something you fucking queer.
what's the alternative?.
let the little shit grow up thinking there's no repercussions for his douchery?  
The fuck? It's not like OP took credit for it or something. How's the kid supposed to learn a lesson if he doesn't even know what happened?
confront him to his face
take his controller
Perfect. Just the right amount of confrontation and pettiness, it's his only controller, and 100% fair..He'd have to end up buying a new one, while also not being able to play games in the meantime.
 Muahahahahaha
But now he has to buy a new controller, and even when he does it, he will not be able to play games. Much better.
But that runs the risk of him going out and buying a half decent console, and then the joke's on you...
So steal the new console and put a bullet in the little fucker in front of the whole family to let everyone know you aren't to be fucked with.
Instructions unclear, bullet stuck in penis.
This gentlemen is the jokes.
also tell his parents! (also poop in his shower, really)
naw..
nigga gotta be put in his place.  
or you could shit in his shower head. 
Sell his stuff to a friend, say kid is dumb and lost it. Buy new controller.
There is no way this would work without suspicion.
How do you lose controllers, xbox, and games in your own fucking house?
Nah you sell a few discs
Be a tard like OP
sufficiently evil but deserved.
How do you lose your phone in your own fucking house? You don't know, but you did.
Fuck your white person logic. OP is a great man. If somebody fucks with my shit, I'll fuck their shit up even more. .Back in like 2001 my little cousin broke my PS1. I took his brand new Wii when he got it in 2010. I'll never forget his crying that day. It was glorious.
^ This mofo knows what's up
Yeah but it's all your communal shit. Nobody is gaining here.
Unless he broke it on purpose you are nothing but a karma whore.
Did you even read the post? It was purposeful.
lol 9 years later
How are consoles communal? One was mine, he broke it. One was his, I took it. Essentially it evened out. I got a console in return for the console he broke. 
Meaning, you are destroying shit that belongs to your family. An eye for an eye leaves all of you blind. Now both of you are gonna have dig up the cash for new consoles.
No, I don't have to buy anything.  I had a PS1 originally, got a Wii for free. He got a Wii, now he has to pay. Really I only paid once.
Yeah but see in your story you get a new console replacing the old one that got broken..In OP's story he lost a controller so he broke a bunch of shit but didn't gain anything himself. That's the difference.
You're still the type of person who holds a nine year grudge over a video game console, so you're ultimately the loser. 
It isn't the console I cared about, my family has always had money. It's the principle behind it. Why the fuck should he get to break my console and get away with it? Sure I could hit him, but that hurts him for a day, then what? If I injure him I could get in trouble with the cops. If I take something he cares for and taunt him with it, he'll learn his lesson.
wow dude. you mustve been five when he broke your ps1. thats the only way this timeframe would make sense.
Or he's just a massive faggot
You waited nine years for revenge? Damn son, you play the long game. 
It's all about the long con.
 . 

excellent .......
it's the slow knife that cuts deepest.
I agree with you, but I'm white. That's just how it works, bro. Sexy creamy white skin.
Ew.
Deliciousness.
Wow this seems much more immature than the original kid.
They put one of ours in the hospital, we put one of theirs in the morgue. That's the Chicago way.
Fuck your white person logic. 
OP is a great man
If somebody fucks with my shit, I'll fuck their shit up even more.
Back in 2001, Dr. Dre came out with his album 2001.
*1999
Fuck your white person logic.
OP is a great man.

Fuck
im old lol 90s kids
You had one nigger!

he forgot to magnet his hard drive.  Everything else is replaceable, but his saves... gotta hit him where it really hurts.  And get him banned from live.
Magnets!...bitch
Aren't hard drives shielded? Overwriting everything first would work better.
Depends on the strength of the magnet. You could rig up a strong electromagnet and degauss it pretty easily. Fridge magnets are only a couple hundred oersted tops; you'll probably want something in the low thousands so a strong rare earth magnet should work fine. For sensitive data a lot of companies use commercial degaussers.
Hey calm down satan!
Come on, you're acting like you've never been on 4chan.
You cant be sure anymore with cloud save
Nothing reliably?
You just need a bigger magnet.
attach it to a weather balloon
And let that motherfucker fly.I'm so sorry. 


No, fuck you.
oh fuck off
sorry
Kill yourself.


nice..!!
A hurr durr it's time for the 'be mean to black people thread' as if we haven't seen it literally 500 times.
Woah he said da n word I'm shocked friends and bretheren I really am tehe he he held
*501
OP can't inb4!
this thread is so much edges
This isn't funny. This is shitposting. 
HAHA NIGGERS I'M SO EDGY.
Wow. Listened to Mad World - Michael Andrews & Gary Jules while reading this.. Wow. Mad love to this man for sharing..<3
Story was good and probably happened somewhere anyway.
FFFFFFFFFF / UUUUUUUUUU
Every. Single. Fucking. Time.
shit that was good
are you guys fucking goose shit fucktarded? It was incredibly obvious from the moment he mentioned the bad eye and the cotton hat. Seriously anyone who didn't clock from then on is an invalid

11/10.
FUck.
9/10..Had me going all the way too. Fuck.
must be summer.
That fucking ROCKED.
Haha totally worth it. 
This was fucking brilliant. 10/10
Hahah amazing
Throwing someone's shit out of a 9 story window isn't cool. 
10/10 would wat again.
10/10 audible laugh would laugh again. 
Good job.
God... Damnit.... 
god fucking damnit anon
I try to read ONE nice story ever but it's all these things dammit
MOTHER OF FUCK. I knew it was coming, but I refused to heed the warnings...
12/10 Epic story.
9/10, saw a stupid twist like treefiddy coming, was pleasantly surprised with Cotten Eye Joe!
1000000000000000000000/10 i laughed my ass off
knew it was bullshit when he said he had horrible burns and scars all over his head and face, yet somehow managed to attract women
hahaha THATS GREAT
Was spoiled for me after 'to beta to confront her' Any guy with an IQ over 70 would know to write 'too'. Faggot.
As soon as I saw the name Joe I knew. Fuck.
Can someone explain this to me? What's the reference
It's lyrics from a song called "Cotton Eyed Joe".
These are not funny...
Merely because it was posted here I was waiting for the finale to go this route.
Fuck
I'm only mad because it was 4 pages for naught. I should've stopped reading when I realized it would be.
Too long to not check the ending for song lyrics. Not today, fucker.
Saw it coming around the second page. 6/10 
Motherfucker pulled an M. Night on my ass.
10/10 OP is genius.
God damnit
I read the first page, saw there were 3 more and just cut to the end. And it actually paid off!
And he does it again! Damn it OP...
MFW I don't know the reference of that lyrics.
The one time I skip to the end to check for punchlines is the time I miss a masterpiece...
10/10
OH MY GOD, FAGGOT
I knew something was up around the second one, but I loved every second of it. 
Incredible. Fell for it hook line and sinker.
Monkeycunt!
FUCK YOU! I'm super annoyed and super impressed
well played annon........ well played.
Son of a fucking bitch...
Excellent. Long winded but fucking fooled me. 
Easily one of the best I ever read...
I suspected something was up when OP said he took the MCAT in between the summer of his second and third year of university. That isn't when you should be taking it, and if anyone advised a student to do so they should be removed from their job. Also, the number of people who get 'near prefect' MCATS is astronomically small.  
FUUUCKK YOUU!!!!! i was so enjoying that story
I really dont know what im hoping for.
FUCK
beautiful. moot really needs to bring that back to /b/
I got cotton eye joed again.
Fuck me
Fucking nigger.
heart was beating pretty fast until the very end
I'VE BEEN HAD
Worth reading. 
Knew it was fake from the first page. If he had a 4.0 GPA, he'd know how to spell properly. 
Saw it coming about FOREVER
Brutal man, this was perfectly executed
Guessed it after Joe.
FUCK
I never knew that first line until now.  I always thought it just redneck gibberish and was like "ret dat n doot n cotton eye joe"
Brilliant!
I sort of guessed that I would get cotton-eyed by the end of picture two. But fuck it, 8/10 would read again.
I'm going to be late for work because of this...well played
wat
Bravo, fucking Bravo.
My sides... oh my god it hurts
I'm sure glad I always look at the ending before I read the whole thing.
Damn you anon! 
I thought it was going to be a Fresh Prince of Bell Aire thing. Goddamn.
fuckme
Hey guys this doesn't look like a setup at all.

It was long, but worth it for the ending. 10/10
Read last line first. Ha.
I was tricked
wtf

Fuck me in half.  The next time I see a fucking person named Joe in any story I'm going to stop reading.
i fucking hate these stupid stories
Art
saw that ending coming from two screen shots back
Absolutely beautiful.  I cried a bit.
THAT WAS A FALSE FEEL. 
I honestly expected a Carly Simon-pasta.
I'm gonna be late for work because I sat down and read that. Worth it
I shall not be rused today.
I should know by now to read the fucking comments so this shit doesn't happen to me. FUCK
Beautiful

wow, anon is quite the elaborate rusemaster
For fuck sake
That made me scream.  I'm in love
Lmao actually pretty good one, unlike about 99% of these
Well Joe's a wankstien. 
That was amazing. 
Now i can finally go to sleep
I was getting those feels and then GOD. DAMN. IT.
Sucking fuck it. Second time this same song got me.
I actually saw this one coming....I've been reading too many greentexts...
GOD MOTHERFUCKING SHITTING FUCKFACE DAMMIT!!!!%$
Fantastic
10/10 but fuck you op
i hate you
...yea I'm gonna need to see the last two lines.
Much like your mother, I saw it coming.
Figured it out on second to last page, 8/10.
Weak. Guessed it when he said he wore a hat over his eye. 
Gotta say all the effort on OP's part to fuck with anons is admirable. Seriously a great story... glad it's not true
Fuck this guy. Still okay though.
I always imagine the song and dancing right after the punchline. 
SONOFAFUCK wasn't expecting that
TL;DR
FUCKER
Fuck this.
I caught it on the second page when I saw "Joe". Flipped forward to the end.
The show must go on!
frontpage = comments full of cancer
I almost cried
someone's already used that ending dumbass
Thank you. Just thank you. 
fuck you

Well done sir!
I hate you so fucking much.
you fucking piece of shit
god fucking damnit
You know, those very few and far between actually serious 4chan posts are really special to me. Goddamit.
I knew something shitty like that was coming, but I still read the whole thing. 
We all got tricked!
Saw this coming from a mile away.
It was pretty obvious to figure out but I still thoroughly enjoyed the read..9/11
Totally worth it
AAARRRRGGGHHHHH FUCK YOU ANON.
I even read the last lines first, and it was still 10/10.
I just looked at the last sentence. I hate that bullshit. 
Dammit, he got me.
Cotton-eyed Joe is the best bro ever. He saved anon from a complete bitch by sacrificing himself. Guido Jesus right there folks. 
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
Look at me, I get perfect grades, yet I write completely retarded things like "standing on the altar". 0/10 would not read again.
Best one yet
Figured it out when he called him Joe. Haven't even finished reading it, but I can already tell by your reactions that it's cotton eye joe.
Fuck God damn.
I'm just glad it wasn't real haha.
FUCK....always read the fucking comments first.  
I never understnad if these are partially true or complete bullshit,
Usually the latter.
Realized the end once I couldn't believe that a man with a burned face could get laid on the reg.
I genuinely screamed "fuck" when I got to the end.
SlowClap.jpg
I was sceptical throughout the whole fucking thing and fell for it 5 lines to go...FUUUCK!
That was brilliant.
9 out of 11, would not forget.
Wow. Well played sir, well played.
Wow. That was the best thing I have read all day.
Definitely one of the better ones.
Excellent. 
i got suspicious when he calls his friend joe in the second image... but still read it GOD DAMNIT
Knew it was a troll, but still 10/10
fuck
Well thank god I didn't waste that time.
Knew it was coming. 11/10 would read again.
I...i dont even...DAMN
Scroll to bottom of three pages. Cotton eyed joe. Not this time criminal scum!
Definitely one of the best stories I've seen on here
Droooolss!!

Knew straight from when He said Joseph 
Best story ever!
Learn to read the last line first Joes.
Do you also read the spoilers for games you plan on buying?
Only for the companies that make games that end with spaghetti, dinosaurs and song lyrics half of the time. So no.
 That was.. Beaufitul
FUCK.
so good
Would bang/10 truly a literary masterpiece
Fuck why do I always get caught out by these?
Fuck you.
Saw it coming in the second one, cotton joe was too easy.
I got to second page, saw him become a douchebag, knew where it was going.
Not this time
Motherfucker.
FUARK!!!!!!!
3/10, obvious cotton eye joe story. Kid named joe with fucked up eye early in the story was too blatant
I didnt really think this one was that great. Totally expected song lyric at the end :/
Next time I really got to watch out for characters called Joe in greentext.
TL;DR
Fuck you for entertaining me!
I fucking love these things. 
God dammit Anon. Getting real tired of your shit.
...fuck

Oh you fucker. You fucking clever fucker.

Is this the original or were there more before it?
I'm not sure, I think it's the original as I was browsing the top all time of . and it was there.
FUCK SAKES OP 
Fuck. That was good. I honestly did not see that coming at the end though.
God fucking dammit OP you cock sucking piece of... you know what i aint even mad.
slow clap
Worth it
I got so mad. Good story, OP, good story.
GOD, FUCKIN' DAMN IT.
dude what did you expect?.Joesph wears a cotton hat that covers his eye.MUST BE A SPIDERMAN THREAD
SHUT UP NIGGA
Fuck yeah, guessed that shit halfway through the first post.
Second that. Orphan, abuse, housefire, non-essential hat mentioning all at once did me in. This was honestly one of the first I really saw coming and everyone is applauding its originality. All of my wut.
As soon as I saw new kid joseph comes to boarding school, I scrolled on down. 
Either you're lying or you really are an awkward faggot. Who the fuck regularly thinks of the cotton eye joe song.
there are so many of these once you see the signs of it coming it's easy to ID
I like to think people lie to make themselves feel smarter or more observant than they really are.
Cotton Eye Joe is used a lot on 4chan, like nessie, walking the dinosaur, and Smooth Criminal. I want a new one dammit.
Fuck, I thought this was normal.
JESUS FUCK GOT ME AGAIN
AHHHH GENE
I'm like, "gee, I wonder if the guy's going to set up how he gets married in part 2."
Exactly. There was a better version, I'll try and find it.
I know about bears.....And tea..I also read a lot..I'm pretty good at chess, not like good enough to be in any competitions, but I beat my friends..What do YOU know?
15/10 Best one i've ever seen.
You've seen nothing.
[deleted]
Of all of the thread I've seen, this was definitely one of them
Yeah honestly I got so involved in that, that I just busted out laughing at the end. 
Same lmao
A...mazing. 

GOD FUCKING DAMMIT!



11/10.10/10 for getting me to the end without expecting it +1 for making a new end instead of the traditional shrek or spaghetti
Are you serious. Cotten eye joe is older than shrek
Ogre my dead bodeh!
I was mistaken It is only older than "Shrek Is Love Shrek Is Life"
The song is, but the joke isn't.
Yeah it is, Cotton Eye Joe has been done many times before. 
Mother of fuck. Didn't see it coming until the fourth one, and I still couldn't tell if it would be dinosaur, loch mess monster, or what. 
When there are names in the story, you can usually immediately tell it's going to end like this.
I was anticipating it the entire time. So there. One upping you, bitch. What're you gonna do about it.
Kill myself, I guess. 
I fully expected dinosaur/loch ness/something after number 2. Kept reading anyway.
Once he started calling the guy "joe", I skipped to the last pic..Edit: It took me five tries to spell "last". Six tries.
For me it was the cotton hat over one eye. Look up - guy's name is Joseph.. Yup, I see where this is going
*joesph
I see what you did there
I strongly suspect he spelled it that way on purpose
what's wrong wih you?
It was 3am in the morning.
As opposed to 3am in the afternoon?
As opposed to 3am at your moms place.
Only in Australia
10/10, would read again
GOD. DAMNIT.
FFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUCK!
My heart beat was raised a lot by the fourth slide. Then bam. Cotton fuckimg eyed joe.
That's probably the best one I've read.
I knew it.
Really?.I knew this was a cotton-eye Joe joke as soon as I read about Joe and his cotton hat covered eye. I've seen like 4 cotton-eye Joe posts like these in the past few months..Too predictable, 4chan. Too predictable.
The first thing I did when I saw the "new kid's" name is read the last sentence
The image is called "imadeamilkshakeandgotrapedbyshrek.jpg".I thought it would be a Shrek story.
On these long ones I just skip to the last 4 sentences. I really saved myself some time.
Frankly I enjoy reading them anyway. It amuses me even more if I get tricked. That's why I allow myself to be swayed.
GOD DAMN IT.
GOD DAMN IT!
ALRIGHT WHO'S FUCK GAVE A SHIT?
Yo
You? GOD DAMN IT!
What do you mean me?
All of my neopolitan wat.
DAE/10.Ratings are so necessary.
What the hell am I looking at?
Cancer. .But not skin cancer.

A truly magical place.
what is the story behind this Zimmerman thing?
JIDF pls.
Neighborhood watch member shot a black kid in Florida. People are upset because the kid was black and Zimmerman may or may not be racist. It's all bleh.
He shot him under the stand your ground laws which allows you to shoot someone if they are going to harm you or whatever.
thanks, think I have heard of it then... all he was packing was skittles or something, right?
Yeah also arizona tea thats why the niggers are all like " ice tea and skittles he din do nuffin wrong"
Fuck, I miss the Dorner :(
Is he dead? I haven't heard anything about him since the dumbass cops shot up that gray truck. 
They burnt up and shot up a house he was in. He's presumed dead.
Lel
"The nigs begin nigging"
Fucking genius 
Never change /k/
Original Thread
Dear OP,
I will cut a hole in your stomach, stick my dick in and fuck you to death if you ever make such a fucking shitty resolution post again. Are you from fucking Kenya nigger?
What the fuck you nigger
Also, here is a download link if anyone cant see the picture for whatever reason: 
"For whatever reason", he says...
Mine has all the stories
Yours is unreadable you autistic faggot
Well thats my ipads fault because i saved the full resolution and it turned out shitty for no apperent reason
Shut up nigger
Look out we got an edgy one over here
funny, i finally watched the director's cut yesterday. 10/10
Allahu snackbar
Guys, guys wait... I think this is made up, it's not true. Why?
Saladins wife was pretty .. I'd be cheering, too.
I'm pretty sure that's his sister anyway
Holy shit this is funny.
Fuck you, FAGGOT.
Shut the fuck up faggot
He's Arabic, faggot.
No one asked you faggot.
Didn't Marvel comics try to justify no heroes saving the Twin Towers somehow, seeing as so many of their comics take place in NYC?  I don't know what the justification was, tho..Also, twin towers didn't exist in metropolis, so kryptonite would have been irrelevant.
Allahu Snackbar

Were the other 97 replies really worse than that one, or was that one just yours?
Strong acid and tinfoil....Shit, now I want to see where that was going.
The first reply was better, asshole. 
Dick 'r treatin'
Never seen that comming. So cool and edgy.
A similar thing happened to me once, I got my friend to drive around town as I opened them up and let them fly out the window. Good times.
5/5
They are probably from China anyways. They sell big lots on sites like DX.
You've got condoms? Great, I'll bring the strong acid and tin foil!
This could be fun...
Where the hell do you get . condoms?


Thanks for the big red box there. I would have never found out where the funny comment was, what am I supposed to do? Read all 3 of those?
wow holy shit i did not see this comment coming.10/10 sarcasm perfectsquared
tldr
Thanks box. Never found funny w/out. What do, read 3?
thx box not funny w/o 
OP in the image is a fag, that anime . a bunch of gay shit.
1/10
made me reply
Just post any old pos here
That's how Doctor Who should end. .The Doctor flies to TARDIS to before time began and self-destructs it, creating an alternate timeline where he never existed and making sure that his TARDIS doesn't come under the control of a malevolent force (obviously because he's dying for real in this scenario).
LOL GUISE DAE DOCTOR HOO ?!
Rest in peace 4chan, you will be missed.
Yeah, that's... That's comedy...
About as funny as cancer
It's not . funny.
Put shoe on head.

Then he should leave his possessions/belongings that he craves so much everyday and fuck off to the forest.
My sentiments exactly
Man anon is a huge dick
Here is a list of video links collected from comments that redditors have made in response to this submission:
Yo dat nigga ChuckSpears beez pimpin' dem raycis pseudoscience videos n' sheeit, gnome-sayin' .Correlation aint causation, ya feelin' me dawg..Imma keep it real in hurr fo' muh lil' bro RIP TrayTray #SKITTLESWAG #SRD-PEDO-BOI #BAGEL-NECK-LUVR
pretty much how i feel. 
You still have a bit of learning to do, young padawan
35 years on this earth and 1 year on reddit says otherwise.....The human race is doomed
Don't let Rachel Jeantel (Witness #8) get you down.  There's always Mars to look forward to..pic related:  
Colour*
Fuck off they both are correct.
I'm pretty sure Anon was implying that humanity definitely has some room for improvement. 

Not taking pride in being a human doesn't mean he's not happy about it.

red and yellow, black and white
And brown.
black and yellow
black and yellow
that wasn't part of the song, m8
What do Pokemon games have to do with this?
StilRH was implying that non-european/asian people are sub-human.
WHAT?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Because the white ones are better.
Eh, I've met assholes and cool guys of all colors. 
Lucky sonuvabitch.  The only assholes I've ever met were either pink or brown.
[deleted]
. I don't know what kind of black people you hang out with, but from what I have seen, many won't get mad if a White/Asian/whatever friend says it.
My experience with this has been strange.  With the black people who I am currently growing up around in my nice school, most of them really don't care if you say "nigga" if they're cool with you.  They will get pretty pissed if you say it and they don't like you.  .I have met plenty of racist whites before, but I will agree that blacks are much more openly racist and many seem to believe that they can't be racist simply because they are black.  They often believe that racism is something that only white people are capable of.  Because of how un socially acceptable it is for a white person to be openly racist, most racist white people are often a lot more subtle in their racism, while black people are often in your face about it.  
Thats deep Anon
I remember when I used to be like that, boasting about how culturally diverse I was, blaming whites for oppressing the world and being an active . .Oddly enough as I actually witnessed more of the world, learned history outside of what they taught in high schools and woke up to the hypocrisy and double standards white people faced, I realized just how stupid I was being.  .There's a reason why people talk about being . because you are truly breaking free from a mild form of brainwashing.
3deep5me
I was kidding, faggot.
It's alright, I'm sorry for being a fag, but it's just something that OPs are doomed to be. 
Might as well accept it, since you can't change it.

That's one of the steps to recovery.
I guess.. we should .?
god 4chan would fucking hate you guys
What don't they hate?

Clearly not a nigger.


[citation needed]
Different African origins of blacks
.
human-origins/.Out of Africa myth
.the earliest Anthropoids are found in regions of India and Southern Asia 15-20 million years before the first Anthropoids in Africa.
.mtDNA distance between Sub-Saharan Africans and White Europeans is around 2.0.
mtDNA distance between African and Asiatic Lions is around 0.92.
.Haplogroups as markers for genetic intelligence/cognitive ability
.
ty.pdf.Negroids of different liniage to Caucasians, haplogroups A&B
.Dr. Christopher Stringer was the one who originally developed the "Out of Africa Origin" theory, and now he says its time to rethink things.
.A New Human Relative from the Siberian Mountains
.DNA of ancient Siberian human uncovered
.TECTONIC EVOLUTION OF THE ARCTIC SHELF OF SIBERIA FROM RIPHEAN THROUGH MESOZOIC TIME
.Did humans evolve in siberia?
.Making sense of ancient hominin DNA
.Stranger from Siberia is new ancestor of man, claim scientists
.
-claim-scientists.html.Investigation of Ancient DNA from Western Siberia and the Sargat Culture
.Out of Africa and out of Siberia
.Climatic Change and Evolution of Permafrost in the Past
.Is Ancient Siberian a New Human Species?
.Out of Africa myth destroyed
.the earliest Anthropoids are found in regions of India and Southern Asia 15-20 million years before the first Anthropoids in Africa.
.mtDNA distance between Sub-Saharan Africans and White Europeans is around 2.0.
mtDNA distance between African and Asiatic Lions is around 0.92.
.Haplogroups as markers for genetic intelligence/cognitive ability
.
ty.pdf.Negroids of different liniage to Caucasians, haplogroups A&B
.Homo rhodesiensis admixture Sub-Sahara
.
.
.
.
.Dr. Christopher Stringer was the one who originally developed the "Out of Africa Origin" theory, and now he says its time to rethink things.
.Intelligence is largely inheritable
.
.
.
.
.
.Dogs and wolves have a shorter genetic distance between each other than Negroids and non-Negroids.
dog - wolf FST = .165 [1]
Negroid - non-Negroid FST = .2+ [2].[1] doi:10.1016/j.mehy.2009.07.046
[2] doi:10.1101/gr.116301.110.Haplogroups as markers for genetic intelligence/cognitive ability
.
ty.pdf.Negroids of different liniage to Caucasians, haplogroups A&B
.Dr. Christopher Stringer was the one who originally developed the "Out of Africa Origin" theory, and now he says its time to rethink things.

cool list of unrelated links bro
One second, i have a txt document here i copy from. Let me find it.
Momz says it's cuz yer just fuckin' jealous!  
you asked for sources on the differences between races - you really are this ignorant, aren't ya?
These pictures really don't help you at all.
Hey I'd fuck you in the ass but I'd feel real shitty afterwards

SO NOW YOU'RE MAKING FUN OF GAY PEOPLE
I'll bet you got enough DNA in that neckbeard to clone a gay army
What I keep in my neck beard is my business and my business alone. 
Honestly, I think the way people are brought up affects them a lot more than what race they were born into.  I say this because when white families adopt black children, they usually are brought up better (more money, attention, etc.) and they usually perform and stay out of trouble at the same rate of white kids who are their peers.  My honest opinion is that there is nothing inherently wrong with being of African descent that would give you a disadvantage, it's the African American culture of glorifying thugs, being on welfare, shaming those who want an education, and fathers who often are not there for the children that fucks a lot of them up.   
Because one hundred thousand plus years of separate evolution except from the neck up - amirite?  .Have you always been a racial creationist?
As I previously stated, there is no real evidence to suggest that certain races get the advantage of being more intelligent.  As I've said before, white people in Western Europe and North America may be statistically more educated on average, but white people from Russia and many former Soviet republics perform atrociously on tests that are used to average out intelligence when you compare them to their Western European counterparts.  With the evidence we have right now, most of it goes to show that how someone is brought up plays a much bigger impact than what race they are.  
 have a genetic defect that makes them predisposed to violence. This is just one individual, discrete, easily-identified gene.
I'm sorry but that is hardly a scientific journal.
Of course, as a creationist you aren't interested in the scientific journals that are cited in that article, are you?
Creationist wat?.Anyway, the articles quoted are from real journals (which is why I can't read them directly, of course).  However, none of those articles came to the same conclusion as the article that grouped them together, and without being able to reference the original articles I can only judge the article here on the prestige of the source in the scientific community, which in this case does not exist, implying the author is not a scientist/serious researcher and has jumped to conclusions that could be properly argues with access to the articles referenced..I can't say for sure that the article is right or wrong (which I did not attempt to do), I merely called into question the legitimacy of the source, and I do not retract that.  I can reference 5 articles you can't access to prove a point just as easily..I guess I'm more interested in why you called me a Creationist, really.
You're a creationist because you reject evolution on the basis that evidence for it is either not professional enough or too professional.
That seems to be a pretty extreme assumption based on one comment questioning the veracity of an article that barely has anything to do with evolution.  I'm pretty sure that a creationist isn't someone that just questions evolution (or more accurately, assumptions and theories within the context of evolution), there's that whole "creator" aspect.

Dont' be ignorant, falsetautology.  The "warrior gene" MAOA isn't even disputed by the experts.  
ITT we pretend the bell curve doesn't exist.Helpful hint: google Minnesota Transracial Adoption Study.relevant SAT scores: 
This guy posts on WhiteRights, you're wasting your time by arguing with an paranoid and delusional idiot. 
Aww, he mad, lol.
He's not mad lol, he just realizes most racists can't be reasoned with.

Lol yeah dude I was totally losing the debate I wasn't in. Maybe you should take a look and notice you're actually a racist. Not sure why you are even trying to deny this. Someone who posts to . and . like you have is inherently racist. If you dont understand that then I'm not going to try to explain it to you.
Of course I'm a racist, I have a family to protect, duh!  .Going around calling people racists just shows how intolerant and hateful YOU are.  .I remember when I used to be like that, boasting about how culturally diverse I was, blaming whites for oppressing the world and being an active "anti-racist". .Oddly enough as I actually witnessed more of the world, learned history outside of what they taught in high schools and woke up to the hypocrisy and double standards white people faced, I realized just how stupid I was being.  .There's a reason why people talk about being . because you are truly breaking free from a mild form of brainwashing.

Hey!  Look at that double chin!  I could fuck that.
I was arguing with a white nationalist? Fuck, those guys are annoying. They're even worse in /pol/. 
Wait, /pol/ isn't one big conglomerate of trolls?
Dat .: weed, hand egg, muh dik, hip hop, whitey wimminz.  .Look how black you are - you ever fall into a litter-box and a cat tried to cover you up?
I'm confused, do you think I'm black or something?
you got something on your chin...oh, it's your other chin
You've gained five pounds since we've been commenting here.
Honestly, I think a lot of legit white nationalists visit there because it allows them to spread their message without being downvoted to hell or getting banned for hate speech. 
I'll bet your pussy looks like an autopsy.
Oh, Chuck.  You are quite an uninteresting white nationalist.  

Yeah. Just look at this guys post history. And I agree, annoying as fuck. 
 post history confirmed for . and other SRS beta faggotry.related: 
Lol, the one time I posted in SRS, I was actually calling them out on saying some stupid ass shit. Nice try faggot. 
go to . and repent yo' sins, creepy ass cracka

Choke on the truth, bitch
You mean like how your mom chokes on black dick? 
Got tats?  I'll bet you've got so much ink on you, you look like a retard in a pen factory
oh snap!  flandark got yo momma jokes..Yo everybody check this out.  Get ready to laugh your ass off because flandark's about to say some funny shit.  

[deleted]
Forget appearances, it's misleading, i.e. Australian abbos appear similar (dark skin, nose, lips) to black Africans but they're the two most genetically distant populations of humans.   We're discussing genetic distance.  

Forget appearances, it's misleading, i.e. Australian abbos appear similar (dark skin, nose, lips) to black Africans but they're the two most genetically distant populations of humans.   We're discussing genetic distance.    ( ^_^) .Let me fix that for you (automated comment unflipper) 
[deleted]
Not at all.  Long before an ancient population split into the two groups that would eventually become known as Asians and Whites, the aborigines were already on their way to Australia..There is a political movement in the West to deny that race is a biological reality. Schools are teaching the lie that it's impossible to tell a person's race from their DNA or skeletal structure..The entire field of racial physical anthropology has been killed by the recent wave of liberal fanaticism. Police routinely identify the race of skulls, but professors of anthropology at Harvard make the ridiculous claim that all races have the same bones. .  Yet, Anthropologists have their careers extinguished for even suggesting that race might be a real biological phenomenon..In ANY OTHER species the existence of separate racial groups would be a non-issue. Of course they are different sub-species, they exist on different continents in clearly different forms. The only argument would be exactly how many sub-species would be recognized. No biologist studying wolves or panthers would be expected to demonstrate which individual genes mark out his proposed sub-species, they would accept the data on its face and all go back to the museum for tea and lunch.
[deleted]
Why are you pretending to be ignorant on the difference between race and ethnicity?  .Comparing same-race different culture mixing to race-mixing is absurd. A Frenchman procreating with a Brit won't change the race, ethnicity, IQ average, brain size, brain structure, skin color, hair texture, bone structure, and bloodline of their offsping as would in the case of a Negroid with an Asian or White..I'm just curious, what would you call the large groups with similar genetic diversity than the rest? It is obvious that race exists, you are a liar and quite childish in my opinion..Every race, Whites included, have a right to their own societies and homelands..White societies and countries are for White people. Europe is a homeland for White children, not Black, Asian or mixed-race. I think we can both agree on that..Racial and cultural identity, heritage and traditions, and hundreds of thousands of years of evolution is destroyed through race-mixing. No, I think the races should separate and preserve their uniqueness and distinctiveness..How about a compromise? I say Europe be White only and you can move to northern Brazil where everyone is already mixed-race. It would be a win-win. Whites get to preserve their race and heritage and you can live amongst the mongrelized, cultureless people you advocate for.
What's the "White Homeland" then?
White is a shorthand for certain peoples.  There are territories with boundaries, legal systems, and a history of independence which were populated and developed by 'White people.'  .By denying the existence of these groups, you deny them future independence and self-determination, in effect, saying that they are nothing and must simply blend into whatever mass of people legally or illegally enter their territory.
that's incredibly dumb man.

He obviously doesn't. For the sake of the argument, I'm going to assume that ChuckSpears is either a American or Canadian who is of predominate European descent.  Now even though he's white and believes that it makes people behave similarly, I doubt he could really take a trip to Russia or a former Soviet Republic with white people, and believe it for himself.  If he took a visit to Russia, he would realize that the people are far less educated than here, far more violent and aggressive, and much more impoverished.  Your race doesn't really play a huge role in these things, it's how you were brought up.    
Lol, good job on trying to counter a person who overly generalises by overly generalising Russia. And when I say 'overly generalise' I mean, spew plain unfounded bullshit that's quite actually the direct opposite of the truth. I don't really rag on people for generalising, but there is a clear line between 'generalising' and 'a total provable lie'. Russians are actually . than Americans. In the USSR all education was wholly free and you even got a stipend for attending the Uni. It's pretty much the same now, though there are private institutions as well. In any case, Russians hold far more degrees than the US and have higher literacy rate. These are the two main indications of education..Just how full of bullshit you were? Let me explain in statistics. In the USA .. . rate.. (age 25-64) according to College Board..However, you are fairly correct to say that Russians are violent/aggressive and definitely more impoverished - the latter tends to cause the former, as the sociological theory goes. On the other hand, the US murder rate is 5 per 100,000 inhabitants while the Russian rate is 10 per 100,000 inhabitants .. I suppose that counts as 'far more' but something tells me you probably thought it was more than just double in your mind. To put this into perspective, most of South America is either in the 30s or 40s, with the best ones in the 20s - again, per 100,000 inhabitants. Russia is pretty bad as far as European countries go, though not entirely terrible in comparison to the rest of the world. .EDIT: links. 
OMG DAE HATE RUSSIA!?!?!1
I do.
Serbian?
Serbians are the only people who like Russia.
More educated? . Obviously, there are Americans who think the earth is 4,000 years old, which is so retarded it actually almost makes you retarded to even think about it, but that's because of religious retardation instead of unfortunate ignorance..And it is well known that Russia has a ., which is how they can churn out people with degrees of little value. American universities literally fill the top 100 university rankings, Lomonosov Moscow State University only pops into it every few years. I'm not American or Russian, by the way, just trying to fight the good factual fight.
Yeah, and you can get Americans to say they believe in crazy shit too. Just word the questions right and find the right fields where Americans are really bad (such as geography, history, mathematics). You can make any nation look idiotic if you ask the right questions in the right manner..What I am concerned with is .. If the amount of degree-holders in Russia is over fifty percent whereas US hovers in the twenties, .. Period. You cannot dispute this at all. .Sure, an Ivy League gives you better education. But how many Americans go to them? The basic difference is that in the US you can get the best of everything if you have the money. The Soviet legacy is that you get subpar service, but at least . gets it. There are plenty of degree mills and the thousands of religious degrees that you can get in the US as well. Community colleges are a joke too - I am a Russian expat and I've been to both places, which should put me at a distinct advantage here as far as experiences. The education in the US is a joke - the . I think is superior, but the . is very low to any Russian/East Asian student. .My second grade was quite literally harder than any grade in the US school system. I stayed up past midnight studying -- I never had to study in the US school system and I coasted along with a 4.7 GPA at the end. If you're seriously going to pull the 'standard of education' card, you're going to have to be prepared to listen to every Russian expat who laughs at the standard of education here. And mind you, .. My HS was spent in a privately funded, technically-public highly selective school that was ranked by US News and World Report. Still a comparative joke.  
Like I can literally link you to loads of articles about the . and low standard of education in Russian . all day..I just saw that you got banned for your initial post, which is kind of mean, you were just making an interesting point that a lot of people don't know and got me reading more indepth about the subject. I had a friend from the Ukraine and he talked about having to memorize all sorts of crazy shit and how hard it was in comparison to where we lived. But that doesn't change the fact that there is a widely acknowledged problem with higher education in Russia, much like there is also widely acknowledged problems with the high school system in America..Sorry you got banned, anyway.
Oh, yeah, we have lots of corruption. And I'm sure there are plenty of Unis that have problems. But I still think the 54% trumps the percent in the US because numbers win in discussions like this. The initial argument was that OP was clearly pulling shit out of his arse based on totally false stereotypes. At the very, very best Russia is equal to the US as far as education, but I really doubt US can pull itself that high in education. Over half of our population had Uni education and . So even if Russia is in a shit state today (it is), you still have the momentum of the USSR pushing us along (which is a phrase that is often used in Russia, alas). The USSR Uni education was simply best in the world, period. Not Ivy League, sure, but better than any regular US Uni. And definitely harder than even the hardest schools in the US. .I did not get banned for my initial post... o.- Or if someone's message gets deleted by mods, but mine didn't seem to be. .I lived in Ukraine too. It's even more corrupt than Russia, and laws mean even less. Economy also sucks and most Ukrainians from the villages run off to either Russia or Western Europe. However, on the upside it's less violent and the political climate is still somewhat democratic (even if flawed).
It's a shame that Russia can't capitalise on all that potential yet, even though it has come very far since it's only been just over twenty years since the Soviet Union collapsed, it'll be interesting to see how well Russia advances over the next century. Although, Putin is going to have to do something nasty to hang onto power in the next few years, he won't just let the office go. I just hope it doesn't lead to another Cold War situation, because that was a big stupid waste of time, they should have just measured dicks and gotten over it. And yeah, the initial poster probably doesn't know anything about Russia at all, apart from what they saw in 80's action films..Before I was about to leave my last comment, I noticed my previous one was downvoted and, presuming it was you, I thought, "Hey, fuck you, I was just trying to have a discussion here," and then moved up to downvote your post, then that popped up. I didn't click on it, so.
Russia... Is Russian... Of course we won't capitalise on the potential. It wouldn't be very Russian of us to do that. Cold War would benefit us, if anything. But it's not happening, not the same way at least..I don't really bother with upvotes and downvotes on reddit. Too lazy to click the arrows, so yeah, wasn't me. And . is especially useless to vote on because the upvotes/downvotes don't show up until like 12 hours or something. 
Please stop. I'm completely open-minded and was reading along and trying to follow the points you were making, but this killed it for me..Also, US community colleges aren't a joke. You seem to be confusing an emphasis placed on rote memorization for "good" difficulty.
It's true, what do you want me to say? I see the stuff kids do here in primary schools and it's no different in nature from what we do, it's just that the difficulty is much lower and there is much less work. There is no magical difference between how students are educated in the US vs Russia. Just a lot easier here, that's all..And community colleges are a joke. I've dual-enrolled in two of them during high school to get college credits. They were fairly well-ranked and pretty reputable. Professors were very good. But it was .. Tests are super easy, almost no work, just read the stuff and listen to the lecture. Or don't even listen to the lecture because it's just all basic shit that you should already know (I majored in history). There just wasn't anything to do. .The actual Unis I attended here differed because they gave us a lot more reading and gave us regular essays to write. The essays were demanding because you were expected to read a lot of books and regularly cite them. Some professors required an original&argumentative thesis. The Uni quality and difficulty made community college seem like a joke. But at the same time compared to a Russian Uni, the workload was a lot easier (though more well-balanced across the time of the semester).So please, don't ask me to stop. This is valid stuff. I don't see how Russian education system 'is a joke' if it's harder. OK, sure, you guys might have a different way of educating pupils, but that is a difference of method and largely subjective. I feel that college here isn't hard enough and it makes the students lazy. I see a lot of college grads sitting around being lazy. I got lazy too. It's a system that encourages laziness. I suppose if you're in med school or in a more demanding situation, you're obviously going to get challenged, but if you're going for something that's not in those select few fields, it's going to be very easy..And don't even get me started on all the bullshit stuff that's taught in the US Unis. You can major in goddamn everything. Arguably there is utility for each one of those fields, but you get the feeling that some of them are very easy to attain compared to the more demanding ones. Gender and race studies? Communications? If I told my Russian friends studying in Russian Unis about all the stuff you can major in here, they would die of laughter. If US can have diploma mills, religious universities, easy schools and joke majors, why the hell do I have to deal with Americans sneering at Russian schools? If you took a Russian team here to analyse the US schools, they would give you a likewise complimentary analysis of your system.  
I'm nowhere . to being a US apologist, but your post screams of "I have my mind made up and will fit every round peg into my preconceived square holes". The US education system isn't perfect, but your criticism of it is decidedly imperfect..Can you give specifics on the US community colleges and universities you attended, and the exact classes you took? You mention history. That's widely acknowledged as a pretty easy major. I studied biochemistry at the University of Florida, and it was absolutely brutal. I don't believe for a second that classes harder than that would confer any benefit to a student. In fact, ridiculous levels of unwavering difficulty would most likely be detrimental.
No more than yours. You have nothing to say objectively about my stance that paints me as a pro-Russian apologists that has views set in stone. I live in the US and it doesn't even compare to Russia. The fact that I live here is already an automatic indication of the fact that it's much better here. .Americans are often accused of being jingoistic, stubborn and quite overly proud of their nation. Every Russian knows that Russia is shit. A blind and a deaf man can see it. We can be just as stubborn and nationalist, but very few will ever try to tell you that Russia is a better nation. Maybe USSR had some chance of comparison, but obviously not Russia..Whatever accusation you can levy at me, I can just as easily levy at you. I can fling unsubstantive, unquantifiable opinions very easily and this (reddit) is just the place for this sort of stuff. .Specifics? I cannot give you the exact specifics without revealing my identity, but I went to a  highly ranked private institution at first and then it got too expensive even with my scholarship so I switched to a vastly cheaper public university (also I moved cities so I had to switch). I actually liked the public Uni better simply because the class choice was massive. And the profs were great too, even though they didn't all have Oxford and Harvard degrees. .History isn't really the easiest by far out of liberal arts because we write a lot of analytic essays and do a lot of old and complex reading. It's easy in terms of the actual difficulty curve (i.e. not calculus and hard science) but as far as non-STEM courses, it's probably the most difficult I'd say. It takes up a lot of your time, more than the other ones. That depends on your course load of course -- but due to the fact that dual-enrolling and AP+CLEP tests already took care of all my introductory courses, I could focus on upper-level courses the entire time. English probably comes second after history in difficulty but the issue with English is that you can technically write about anything and without the scope and depth of research that you have to conduct for good history papers. History is a lot like law and it's good because that is why I chose history -- well, that and the fact that it was my lifelong passion..Yeah, Biochemistry is brutal because it is objectively .. It's not that it is necessarily time-consuming (although it can most certainly be so, especially when you have to study it), but unlike history where the more time you spend the better you get, biochemistry has a difficulty curve that can be like a wall to some which is why it's a STEM field. .Ridiculous difficulty can be detrimental, but that's sorta the East Asian/Russian model. If you're not doing well, you switch your field. That's the entire point. You don't want an incompetent engineer. I don't think our biochemistry is any harder in its content than yours though, obviously. The stuff is the same. It's just that you get more .. And calculators are strictly verboten, which strikes me as very stupid, but it does make your brains think a lot more. I breezed through calculus here because I am good with computers and I simply decided to learn my TI-89 Titanium rather than paying attention in class. I wouldn't be able to do that in Russia. Once you get to higher-level classes though, I think the lack of calculators is really detrimental and I think they may have changed it by now. But at least no matter what major, you don't have a situation where you get lazy. .If US education is so complete, why does US import so many degree-holders and scientists? Believe me, I would be the first one to know because I am going into law after my history and I already work in an immigration law firm. Same as my father - I liked his work ever since I was a teen and I decided to follow it. I see many, many cases of scientists from Russia immigrating here. The quotas are virtually unlimited and their applications get a massive fast-track. Why does US have to import so much foreign talent if US has more than twice the people and according to you, an allegedly better education system? Why is it that US cannot fill its own needs with its native talent? 

US and Russia have space programs, nuclear power, etc..What's your egalitarian explanation for the fifty plus black countries inability to into civilization, e.g. infant mortality, avg life span, GDP, health and education indexes, etc
You can blame that on Muslim fundamentalism that has infected most of Africa.
[deleted]
Muslim fundamentalism is an evolutionary step up from African voodoo, baby rape and infanticide, cannibalism, female clitoris mutilations, and slaughtering albinos to consume their internal organs and harvest their magical powers..So, what's your sorry ass excuse for Haiti?   
I'm not arguing that there's no such thing as race, I'm saying that culture and upbringing plays a huge part on things like intelligence. .If you took a newborn African baby and he was raised by an educated family in North America or Europe do you think the child would still grow up to be stupid or a hooligan? Of course not, because of the culture and environment the child was raised in..How do you explain the fact that Ashkenazi Jews score higher on aptitude tests and achieve higher levels of success than other ethnicities in the US? Are we just born with more neurons in our brains or is it the Jewish upbringing/culture that leads to this success? Personally I remember my ultra demanding mother teaching me math 2 grade levels beyond whatever we were learning at the time in school, and same with many of my Jewish cousins. None of the kids I was friends with at school had their parents sitting with them every night teaching them things beyond the assigned homework. I hated my parents for it at the time but now I can't be more grateful. It's all a cultural thig, dude..Now let me get something straight, do you just hate all blacks or just the uneducated hooligan types you seem to generalize all blacks as?
Wrong, and . wrong in actual studies..The famous Minnesota Transracial Adoption Study looked at individuals, some with two black biological parents, some with two white biological parents, and some with one black biological parent and one white biological parent, who had been adopted into upper middle class white families. So, the environments were somewhat similar for all of these groups. If genetics did not matter for the black-white IQ gap, we would expect IQ to be somewhat similar for these different individuals..At age 17, the IQs of each of these groups had their IQ measured. The adopted children with two black biological parents scored an average IQ of 89, the adopted children with two biological white parents scored an average of 106 IQ, and the adopted children with one biological white parent and one biological black parent scored an average of 99 IQ. So, to summarize, pure white children scored an average of 106, pure black children scored an average of 89, and half white and half black children scored an average of 99..So, despite being raised in white upper middle class families, the black-white IQ gaps remained. This would suggest that genetics do matter for these IQ gaps.
Look at the 29 stupid NFL hooligans that have been arrested since February.  The front page of TMZ looks like a who's who of young, gifted, and black criminals.  .If we were to switch the populations of Nigeria and and Japan by putting all Nigerians into Japan and all of the Japanese into Nigeria, it wouldn't be very long before Nigeria began to resemble Japan and Japan started to resemble Nigeria..The experts agree that intelligence is both hereditary and influenced by environmental factors, they just can't agree on percentages.  .There's nothing necessarily about judaism or jews that is bad.  It's just that the majority of them happen to be terrible people that wish to enslave the rest of humanity..But it really isn't all their fault though, to be honest. Most people in the world are mindless cattle who deserve to be enslaved, and are incredibly easy to enslave. Its no wonder why they do it..Once you learn to think like a jew its hard to really hate them.
Those "NFL hooligans" weren't raised in well educated families. If you look up their early life they had troubled upbringings. That's why I said "educated" families not just families in North America. I guess it just comes down to the age old nature vs nurture argument lol.
implying all black families are not educated.  .what's with making racist generalizations, lolcatsbelow?  something you picked up on .?

Wow, you are ignorant. Three things you need to learn:.You're welcome for the history lesson.
3 isn't very accurate. The best performing countries in Africa are generally the northern ones like Libya, Egypt etc, with South Africa. Namibia and Botswana doing pretty well. Equatorial Guinea is the richest and was impacted a lot by the slave trade but they also live in a terrible dictatorship so they lose some points there.
Those are Arabs, not niggers.  We're talking about the 47 black countries in sub-Saharan Africa..The "real South African people" were a sparse population of nomadic Bushmen aborigines that were unrelated to Black Negroid Africans and were completely wiped out by the Bantu tribes..All of the Black Negroid Africans that are in South Africa today migrated south to South Africa from central Africa AFTER the Europeans established South Africa.
3edgy5me and factually incorrect.
my dad is South African, what Chuck's saying is true.

gonna go home and brush your gums?
By default we should believe the .In this case, that means that we should not assume any connection between one measurable trait (race) and another (intelligence). Until there are repeatable, verifiable studies that show that there is a connection between these two things, we should assume there is not.
And there hasn't been. You say that black people are "less successful and more prone to violence", but these traits begin to fade away when you start normalizing your numbers for wealth and poverty and education levels and other factors. The reasons for these things appear to be due to a number of social, economic, and historical factors, in addition to just plain ol racism by people in power..The differences between races on a genetic level are incredibly minuscule. The brain is a very fundamental part of our biology, while things like skin color are very superficial. There is less difference between any two given humans of any race and two dogs of different breeds. Also, according to the Human Genome Project (and mainstream biology),  .  Until there is evidence that there is any genetic difference that would matter to cognitive function we should not assume that it matters.
Genetic differences don't have to be large for there to be a big impact. The percentage of similar genes is not a valid argument. Just a couple of genes altered in the right place is enough for someone to be fully retarded. That's why you see a lot of normal families with one odd and disabled family member..Similarly if you see all the countries in the world, blacks tend to be on the bottom of the socioeconomic ladder, with no exceptions. .I agree that there is not a lot of quality research on the matter, but I don't think anyone dares. The topic is too controversial.
sorry but look at Africa, Europe and Asia. Both are completelt different cultures. 2 are successful and one isn't.  The one that isn't are the blacks in africa. 
A person named Michael posted that "."  That's like saying that dog breeds don't exist except in the minds of breedists.  Michael is standing athwart of what we know about biology and evolution and apparently declaring that he has the ability to deduce the non-existence of race from the morality of ..  .Race, itself, isn't a subjective or a philosophical construct.  It is a genetic construct produced by the adaptive process over thousands of years.  Race deniers reject the primacy of existence and treat their moral or political views as primaries to be protected against the perceived threat of acknowledging that race has objective existence.  .Racial egalitarianism would of course collapse if egalitarians admitted that racial disparities were in any part related to race itself and were therefore natural.  But genuine . premised upon the primacy of existence and the rational pursuit of objective truth faces no such threat.  .And if there are intelligence differences that are correlated with race, then the pertinent question is, to what degree does race itself cause the observed correlation?  Race deniers have to believe that genetics accounts for 0.0000000 percent of intelligence differences among physiologically disparate populations.  .It would be to suppose that evolution endowed different populations in different parts of the world with different skin, different facial features, different bone density, different skull shape, different leg length, different hip width, different testosterone levels, different vocal resonance and a host of other physiological differences, but left the brain itself untouched in some non-adaptive state.  That as humans branched off and evolved different physical characteristics, the same evolutionary process ceased to have any influence whatsoever on the brain.  .Now an atheist who denies that the human species branched off into different races is being more irrational than a religious person who ascribes the existence of races to God's will.  The religious person, at least, is not denying what is obvious from his own sensory experiences, namely, that races exist.  .I've found that in general, .  It's a pretty good indicator of whether a person is truly an independent thinker or whether they are self-constrained out of a desire to not be socially ostracized or out of some preexisting commitment to a political or moral or philosophical ideology that impinges upon their ability to honestly and diligently pursue the truth.  .Galileo was condemned by the Catholic Church for positing that the Earth revolves around the sun.  He was forced to recant his views but he was reported to have said something to the effect of "..and yet it still moves", and if so than he was reaffirming the primacy of existence, the view that reality is what it is regardless of what the social consensus of his time may have dictated that reality should be.  .Now the question of racial differences is probably more important in terms of its social and political implications than the question of heliocentrism.  To those who say innate racial differences are not important or that they should not be discussed even if they are true, I would say that you are not being very practical at all.  So by submitting to the social conventions known as Political Correctness, one is putting oneself in such an ideological strait jacket that one cannot refute Blacks' claims about racism nor can one explain why racial differences continue to persist.  If,  instead, . put . on the defensive by demanding that they acknowledge the biological realities of race, racial egalitarianism would be shown to be absurd.  .It is absurd to demand that people be equal in outcomes if they are not equal in nature.  
even if there was an average difference in intelligence, and I am by no means saying that there is, what does it matter? does it make one race better or worse than another? Intelligence is rarely an indicator of goodness, and is only one indicator of value.
Yeah gaiz!  Intelligence doesn't really mean anything anyway!  Most inventions came from people with IQs in the 70 range anyway!  More than enough!
yes, intelligence is good. It's not everything..Racial supremacy is not the solution to low intelligence.
Did you watch the Olympics?  apparently blacks are better runners, whites are better swimmers, and asians have superior visual ability and hand/eye coordination..what is goodness?  Why are you anti-intelligence?  Did you drop out of school or something?
I'm not anti-intelligence, I just think it's not the only trait that matters.

A philosophical argument is pointless when scientific studies point to your ideas being incorrect. So you can say that race is undeniable, but if you can't provide to an actual scientifically-backed reason for the so called disparity, then your argument is pointless.
Actually they point to chuck being right. But the liberal idea of 'oh everyone is equal' has scewd the real statistic
citations needed faggot..You have these populations, call them races or not, that doesn't matter, there is genetic variation.  This variation clusters into semi discrete populations.  And self-identified race within the U.S., at least, corresponds almost perfectly with genetic ancestry.  Luigi Cavalli-Sforza says "race" doesn't exist, but then goes on to talk about the various human "populations", which just so happen to correspond with the classical racial categories.  Whatever.  You don't like to use the word "race", fine, let's not use the word race.  So these "populations" are different.  They're different in many ways.  They're different in skin color, hair texture and hair color, susceptibility and immunities to certain diseases and conditions, differences in bone structure, differences in muscle mass and distribution, fat mass and distribution, and differences in cranial capacity.  So despite all of these differences, including differences in average cranial capacity, we are to presume cognitive equality between the population averages of these semi discrete populations, even though we recognize profound innate differences between individuals.  .Now, you don't have to think bigger brains are, all else being equal, better than smaller brain.  Perhaps it is Africans who have innately the smartest brains because they have more tightly-packed neurons.  All I am saying is that the presumption that they're all equal, that all of these groups are equal, would be a cosmic fluke, an impossible joke of a coincidence.  .Nature doesn't do equal.  .Pointing out failings or misuse of studies by people that you think are "racists" does not change the fundamental impossibility of the egalitarian position, nor can one honestly make policy proposals based on egalitarian assumptions.
Again I'll preface my argument by taking what you say as true, just as an exercise. .So the races are different. Does that give anyone a moral right to persecute another race? is it good policy for a country to separate the races then? If you want to separate stupid people from smart people (which I disagree with absolutely), doing it by race would be ridiculously inefficient. You said in another comment that you believe each race has a right to their own land. Why? because they're different than other races? why wouldn't you want diversity, diversity brings a flow of ideas, it mixes up the stagnant waters of cultural uniformity..edit: you seem like a reasonable person, which is unusual for racists that I've met. However distasteful I find your opinions, know that I at least respect your right to have them. In turn that I expect you to respect mine. Experience has taught me that discussions like these can easily turn bitter, and I'd like to prevent that. 
Yup, you have the right to persecute anyone and deny them anything of your own property or trade..Nope, they tend to do that themselves..But then international bankers create the economic environment and push through the right politicians / bureaucrats to create policies that force native white populations to contend with the lower average intelligence and higher rates of violence and crime of these other populations.  Is that good policy?  Do you not expect whites to react to these conditions?  So whose fault is it in actuality?.Most international bankers are Jews..Most politicians who write up these idiotic immigration and immigrant clemency laws are Jews..Most of the owners of the slave ships that brought blacks to these shores were Jews..Are we supposed to just accept the drag on the economy and lowering of standard of living, the massive increase in rape and murder?  Is . good policy?.Take a good look at the statistics from 2005 where 37,000 whites were raped by blacks and less than 10 blacks were raped by whites, then write a form letter to all 37,000 whites from 2005 that were raped by blacks saying that multi-culturalism is a good policy!
You want to talk about racial persecution?  In the US, we have Affirmative Actions which rewards Blacks and Hispanics at the expense of whites and Asians.  Whatever your opinions are on Affirmative Action, it's only whites that are doing this.  .In countries where whites are majorities, it is Whites who are supporting these Affirmative Action policies.  Affirmative Action in universities, Affirmative Action in getting government contracts, in government jobs, and in labor codes; that is, if you don't have a certain number of Black people, Mexican people, whatever in your business, it's more likely for you to get sued.  So you have firms trying to get the token Black guy just so they can stave off a few lawsuits, and what this does is it crowds out better qualified White people.  And you have this going on in White-majority countries.  .I've read a lot of history and I've never read of anything this widespread, where the majority population grants legal privileges to a minority that is out of power.  I can understand, for example, in a country where you have this autocratic elite that's granting their minority group privileges but that's because they have control of the state.  See, what's happening in White countries is unprecedented: you have these White people who are in control of the state who are just giving away, just pissing away their power.  It's really quite amazing and I think it's an awful thing.  And to say White people are racist, I don't see how anyone can think that..For example, let's say Sweden wants to bring in one million black Africans under the assumption that by speaking the same language, going to the same schools, and being in the same "cultural milieu", over time these immigrants will become black Swedes, behaviorally indistinguishable from white Swedes; they'll just a little bit different.  .What if this is wrong?  What if their behavior is innately distinct from that of white Swedes and the current violent crime rates, drainage on the government budget, and support for socialist parties that these black immigrants have, are a result of something innate, and for the foreseeable future, permanent?  .Forced segregation was a bad thing, we can all agree on that.  Even white nationalists would, for the most part, agree that forced segregation is a bad thing.  But forced integration is also a bad thing.  It's not helping racial tensions.  In fact, whites in integrated schools tend to develop more negative views of blacks and Hispanics than whites who have less contact with blacks and Hispanics.  The more contact whites have with blacks and Hispanics, the more negative their views of them tend to be.  .Cities like NYC don't really have diversity, just self-segregated enclaves of different races and ethnic groups.  .Look at any house of worship, high school cafeteria, or backyard barbecue and you'll see people overwhelmingly gravitate to their own groups.  Basically, "." (family, genetic group, and then decreasing important rings around me), that's really the innate, natural ideology that people are naturally predisposed to and the further you get away from that, the more problems you're going to have because it's not something you can ever destroy, it's only something you can suppress.  And when times get bad, it flares up and things go to hell..You can't have a first world country with a third world population.  Europeans have a unique culture, heritage and genetic makeup - which is destroyed through interbreeding and multiculturalism.  whites have every right to preserve their uniqueness.  There is nothing "racist" about stopping and reversing non-white immigration,  by doing so, we are preserving real diversity..Here is some classic Enoch stating the truth about the world as it is, rather than as delusional diversity liberals want it to be.

chuckspears hangs out in r/niggers spewing hate any chance he can get, also a race hate forum too, can't remember the name but I do remember being linked to it from reddit months ago and lo and behold little chucky was there, spewing away.
Look at you, gay and fat.  I didn't know sperm had that many calories!
it's called /pol/ 
I wouldn't call . a hate forum.  Its a safe space for people to discuss race realism without cultural marxists shoving their agenda in.  I don't think anyone in niggers is racist.  Stormfront is racist because they are white supremacists, niggers has chinamen, mexicans, the gays all sorts of non-whites that want to openly discuss the problem of niggers.  Even niggers come and post about how sick they are of bad niggers.
Is he a Stormfront regular?
If I remember correctly the forum or site had an animal or reference to chimps etcetera.
chimpout.com perhaps?
nope, I'm banned from chimpout.com.  and I don't go on niggermania, or stormtards, either..keep guessing, show us how clever you are, lad.  come on, make me proud
Was it niggermania.com? I only know this because I had this kid from Mongolia in one of my classes, and he used to mess around on that website when we used the computers. 
I really can't recall the exact site although the content was beyond vile, he has spread his racism here quite a few times, and has been called out more than once. .His points are always the same, "they" are of lower intelligence etc, he really ought to grow up.
He's just a 15 year old kid who's trying to rebel and be edgy by saying nigger.
>blame others of blind generalizations.>use blind generalizations in the process
Remind me of this site you're talking abiut, it sounds absolutely delicious
Get back to r/niggers you poisonous little fuck.
it's spelled . -- but I'll see YOUR ass on . 
Shut the fuck up faggot. Go white knight some place else, cancerous nigger.

Hey I'd fuck you in the ass but I'd feel real shitty afterwards
Nice work having to use a throwaway you pussy faggot.
related: 
You're doing gods work. Fuck 'em.
That's affirmative, white-13 out.
OMG SO EDGY


OMG SO SAD TO BE A DEADBEAT ASSHOLE WHO WAS ALWAYS TOLD HE WAS CAPABLE OF MORE BUT NEVER PANNED OUT AND DESCENDED INTO ALCOHOLISM DONT CRY FOR ME IM ALREADY DEAD LOL

OMG SUCH CONFUSED SEXUALITY AND DRESSES UP LIKE MADONNA

OMG WAS RAPED BY HIS FATHER AND BLAMES HIMSELF FOR BEING A SLUTTY TODDLER

lolwut
Don't even try, you racist shit.
Just posting this link here to confuse the SRDers that click on this post:.Hate Chuck all you want but he's still human and 
How'd you find this thread, SRD bridge?
yeah check . I linked it, lots of upvoted SRSers there, I saw someone post a link in one of their mod mails under an alt, so you got bridged twice. Also there's ., but he isn't as upvoted as the SRSers because they still hate him..I was surprised that the SRD mods didn't tag it as "Buttery" to be honest since they hate you too.
Due to the hidden vote scores on here, I can't tell how badly I've been brigaded.  
Votes don't matter in the long run. You still got your sub. See yourself as entertainment for the masses, brought to you by SRD. Change your linked comment and give a shout out to . and maybe . and you'll gain some new subscribers. Make the best of it.
You're so fucking diplomatic, I love it!
Chuck only likes about . his albums.

I half watched about 50mins because your sub hinted she loses her shit with the defense attorney, she never did. It was more the picture of trayvons corpse in a hat in the header. Coming across an OP with such is one thing, coming across a forums leadership of 1000s is way worse..You come in here with your stats and shit, like your subs nasty behaviour is justified by it? You kill any credibility, I'm not buying it.

Hiyoooo!
He only likes half of Jack Black's movies.

So many green karma scores in here. How did ., ., ., and . mods all wind up here?
Nigs gonna nog, yo.

Between . and /pol/ -- I may not ever leave the interwebs


If by "racist" you mean that I feel more comfortable around people more similar to myself, and do not believe that the races of man are equal or can co-exist peacefully, and wish my people to have their own self determination, then yes, I am "racist"..But then again, by that definition, who isn't? If a Jew or a Korean were to ask a White man why he feels more comfortable around his own kind, the White man could certainly ask the Jew and Korean the same question.
You are so spot on this entire thread. See you on the . :)
So ironic that . is actually a diverse community of every race, gender, ethnicity, sexual preference, religion, etc all united in their mutual contempt of feral Groidus Africanus
As someone who has lived in major and diverse cities all his life, you are very wrong about peaceful cohabitation. And I wouldn't have it any other way.
I grew up in NYC, I've been around the block a few times.  .  
Even one location having successful cohabitation is proof that different races . live together. Surely you can to admit that. We have a lot of work to do as far as economic and cultural issues in certain places, but that's no reason to give up. Consider how far we've made it in the last few hundred years. Now project that a few hundred years out and you have a very optimistic future.
Explain to me how exactly "diversity is a strength" without resorting to "muh food" or "muh ethnic music". .>implying anyone listens to ethnic music.
>implying we can't use their recipes without them being here
Hey, you're making arguments that I wasn't thinking about haha. Though I'll it's a decent point. The spread of food and music is one of my favorite things about living here. Going to koreatown in the middle of the night and eating some delicious food from a small korean restaurant is a fun ritual my friends and I do often. You can say the restaurants . exist without them being here, but let's face it. It probably wouldn't, and if it did, probably wouldn't be as good or exist in such great numbers as to actually provide variety among restaurants within a genre of ethnic food. That's pretty awesome..As far as diversity being a strength, it's been awhile since I've studied this, but I'm pretty sure .is . a strength that produces superior offspring. Similar to how you wouldn't perform incest for the opposing reason. But maybe you didn't mean biologically, haha.  .I enjoy diversity because I'm open-minded, love to travel and learn about the world and meet new people. Diversity helps us understand each other in order to work together for solutions. Also, I personally just think life is more interesting and enjoyable with more variety..South Korea is famously an advanced country, as well as a highly racist country due to its nearly 100% homogenous population. It would seem to me that this tension and conflict is stronger in areas that contain isolated, homogenous communities. I live in a middle class area of Los Angeles, where people don't usually have economic  and financial problems. There's really never any tension or conflict in this community. I'm Asian, and I've personally never experienced racism in my life despite the high population of LA. Remove people's desperation and you'll find some love underneath..Also, a lot of things are sources of conflict and tension, those same things are also sources of many wonderful things. I'd advise to strive for the wonderful parts. 


Cultural Marxism was devised by both marxists and psycologists. The word "racist" is what psychologists call an operant conditioning trigger. The purpose of these triggers is to strip people of their natural self defence mechanisms so they can be treated like cattle by the state and sent to the slaughter house..What the psycholgists forget to tell the marxists is that these triggers wear of if over used - Paul Weston is a smart guy he has seen through this brain washing and soon everybody else will!.related: 
Cultural Marxism is a conspiracy theory invented by . that scapegoats everything he doesn't like about modern Western society onto a sinister bunch of elitist, intellectual Marxist Jews who are the source of the corruption..inb4 JIDF and 
haha oh wow you're retarded


i like the part where you got mad and replied 3 times

Keep it civil. Do not personally insult other Redditors...Constructive debate is good; name calling is not.
sorry, let me cite my sources

That's the definition of racist
Racism is a Marxist construct..For the real meaning of the word, look at its construction. . - A local geographic or global human population distinguished as a more or less distinct group by genetically transmitted physical characteristics.. . - A distinctive doctrine, system, or theory. So racism would then be a belief system, doctrine or theory based on the genetic makeup of people. .Therefor racism has nothing to do with hate, discrimination or bigotry.
Well then I guess National Socialism must be all fine and dandy then? 
I'm a nationalist. I support every ethnic group's right to sovereignty in their countries, especially in their homeland.
The majority of people living in North America aren't descendants of natives. Does that mean its only the homeland of Native Americans?
So what about the people of east africa who are both black africans and jewish?


Well, kinda. The literal definition of Racism is just a feeling of racial superiority.

This is the result of "critical theory", "cultural marxism", "multiculturalism", "diversity", and "egalitarianism".  All of which we have been subjected to our entire lives. .The Great Lie of the Frankfurt school has plagued us for too long.
Oh shut the fuck up you piece of shit.
MFW: 

[deleted]
OP needs to keep his eggs ..
Thank for the link to the egg safety center! I don't know what I would do without it! 
No
I once made butt meringue while using egg whites as lube. 
eat all of the eggs.
This is silly, Wales doesn't exist. It's just a made-up name for SW England.
Actually happened/10
fuck you whare!
I rikey de Wayrls too.
Wales aint got shit on my country and Sheepshagging. My Sister just gave birth to one the other day.
Neither of you have shit on the Falkland Islands, though: 
This clever anon was relating the word 'wales' with 'whales' because of how similar they sound when you say them, ha ha!
That's actually not the part that's supposed to be funny.
No shit, Sherlock. Why don't you solve some other mysteries, like why apples fall off trees or what makes the fucking sun come up?
Do you have special needs? How could you miss the obvious point that commenter was going for?
Yes. I DO have special needs. Defs.
Mah boi, this autism is what all true warriors strive for!
-gets downvoted on cakeday
Oh. It's my cakeday..A year down the drain.
Man, you're more autistic than ME.
Holy shit, I just got told.
Yes.
Japs are the only reason to go on /int/
Africans tend to make good posts too, but they're usually scared off by all the Stormfaggotry.
i swear to christ those japanese anons make the best fucking posts
What . they make that's the best?
Regular video pornography.  FUCK YOU MOSAIC CENSORING!
Shit, I bet OP didnt even realize this actually happened. He probably thought it was some funny hypothetical.

link
Actually I did know it happened. Someone was trying to set up a new reddit vs /v/ competition and that picture got posted in there. Lots people complaining about not playing dota/lol and a lot of people wanted to do cs. Also some complaining about how reddit team got some of /v/'s members banned during a game of ut2004.
I saw this before, or something similar, and 4chan won with a br furry, don't have the image though...
Yup, that's it. Happened over a year ago, back when tribes was still in beta.
Link to the actual event? 

it happened years ago
snoooooooore
[deleted]
*br furry with 300 ping mashing space repeatedly 
Its funny because were on reddit and looking at a 4chan sub. 
4chan had the magic of friendship on their side.
*magic of faggotry

[deleted]
I hate gold but like shit, faggot
More like oceans of piss.
Right here i think we have this subs motto.
Except you still have to do a lot of sifting here too.
Haven't seen a get post in a while 
Lucky you.
At first glance i Thought the guy had pulled back his fore skin all the way down 
That's.. Just... No
I have those exact same popsicles at home. That stuff is more addictive than cocaine.
[deleted]
Her name is "Riley Reid" porn star, she has many...."classics" for the whole family 
That's Riley? Damn.
Clearly you've never had these popscicles.
"hurr hurr siwwy mustache!"
Someone photoshop the popsicle into a dick, it's what we all want.

Riley Reid, damn, should have known. 
<3
She has gorgeous eyes.
She is a porn star named 
Well, I know what I'm doing today.
Reminds me of this
Uhh... pretty damn close.
What anime is this from?
To Love-Ru: Darkness, not sure what episode though. 
Strange strange...
I didn't even know that Darkness was animated...
And why does she have a tail?
Apparently she's an alien and her tail is sexually sensitive like a vagina
Hi, looking for more like this. Can you help my?
iknow  ithis is fake because gamestop workers cant kick anyones ass
Good god, anon. Good god.
Nothing but guts. Top lel 10/10
+1 for referring to Gears of War. Gears 3 was the most critically acclaimed shooter of 2011 but has not been mentioned anywhere after the first six months.
9/20/11.faggot
I want to believe.
I know! Sure, it's more of a 'knuckehead' shooter, but it's still entertaining! I am disappoint.
Dude pm me and we should play
My XBL ran out a few days ago, but we can trade gts when I get it again. Maybe next week, whenever my paycheck comes.
Alright sounds good.


thanks, didnt know this existed
Learn to post copypasta over there fuckhead.
Shut up nigger!

Die painfully okay? Prefearbly by getting crushed to death in a garbage compactor, by getting your face cut to ribbons with a pocketknife, your head cracked open with a baseball bat, your stomach sliced open and your entrails spilled out, and your eyeballs ripped out of their sockets. Fucking bitch I would love to kick you hard in the face, breaking it. Then I'd cut your stomach open with a chainsaw, exposing your intestines. Then I'd cut your windpipe in two with a boxcutter. Hopefully you'll get what's coming to you. Fucking bitch I really hope that you get curb-stomped. It'd be hilarious to see you begging for help, and then someone stomps on the back of your head, leaving you to die in horrible, agonizing pain. Faggot Shut the fuck up faggot, before you get your face bashed in and cut to ribbons, and your throat slit.
lol butthurt
You'll know the definition of butthurt when I go in dry faggot. 
Wait, who's the faggot then?

This pain train(my wank dank) is about to take you to pound town(corn holing)


k
Do you even flip?
do you even shop?
why
You didn't even include the whole series, dumbass.
durr, sry bout my inadequate copypasta, but i think the point has been made.
Cocksniff.
That you're a faggot? Yes that is quite clear. 
Crystal freakin' windex clear.
snoooooooore
This is forum sliding, not trolling, you mong
THANK YOU
...which is a form of trolling, aspie.
No it isn't..Trolling is deceiving someone, forum sliding is burying something by sheer weight of numbers so others don't see it..God this sub is retarded.
No, trolling is seeking a negative reaction out of people on the Internet, you absolute fucking retard.
Fucking hell.You are one of the kiddies who act like a retard and then when someone calls you a retard, you say. Ha, I trolled you!!!.haha .Also, how is forum sliding seeking a negative reaction? Again, its purpose is to bury things.
The autism is strong with this one.
You are a shit troll.Looking through your comment history says it all, you really do fail at everything don't you?
It's probably those dumbass radfems from tumblr thinking they're getting revenge on /pol/ or something.
I remember that post. Man, those fuckers are dumb.
What post?
Some dumbass on Tumblr said they'd flood 4chan with gore and porn. I forgot where it was posted EXACTLY.
9gag said they'd flood /b/ with gore and porn too: 
What's with the bit about the newfags and "we know memes come from 4chan"?

Yup.
That was staged by /b/. I was in the thread and they did it to start an all out war LOL .Basically /b/ is full of completely retarded social rejects that have nothing better to do than to fuck with people, kind of like me
I just followed every link presented by OP.  Fairly interesting and certainly raises a lot of questions... I'll make it easy for you all. .RIP Victoria soto: . .Medical examiner: .Actors: .Outtakes and bloopers: . .Seriously... WTF?  
Shut it down.
0bama and his Repetellian Overlords . Sandy Hook so that he could start another Holocaust via his FEMA camps.  Any second now, he's gonna enforce Marshall Law, storm in my house, take my women, and my guns!  I'm too smart for them though, cause Alex Jones has told me how to properly resist this.  .Wake up sheeple!
OH VEY, SHLOMO, THEY'VE DISCOVERED OUR MASTER PLAN!  CENTURIES OF TOP-SECRET PLANNING HAVE NOW BEEN RUINED BY NECKBEARDS ON AN ANONYMOUS MESSAGE BOARD!  SHUT IT DOWN!  SWITCH TACTICS!
I'VE REVEALED THEIR MASTER PLAN ON AN ANONYMOUS MESSAGE BOARD THAT NOBODY WITH AN IQ OF 60 WOULD TAKE SERIOUSLY, WHY WOULDN'T THEY BE AFTER US!?
Shut it down.
switch tactics
Change places!
A real human being, and a real panty
10/10 would hire. 

Nigga what u ramblin bout
talking about how beta he is when he's a an adult living at home.
Ancient copypasta.
ITT: Summerfags blown away by copypasta
Should've included the hivemind comments faggot.
Did you know that the context to every thread preview is available if you actually look at the thread?  
Can I get a higher res pic?
That bel air intervention came waaaay too late
11/10 would rape again
I got a shameful boner
yo homes smell ya later 
Fresh Prince/10. 
Can't read due to low res upload ... extreamly sad. Thanks Obama
Art.
Damn it I was hoping this was real.
This was so well written. And my dick is so hard
Needs more jpg.
fuck, i think i'm on an FBI watchlist now
I was reading that pretty much praying to see some sort of joke finish. 
same here
same but nope i feel pretty dirty
Never in my life has my willy felt so confused
[deleted]

Is that air bud? And anyone have the link to that dog on a skateboard picture? 
I know! Use the select tool in paint, remove the entire /thread part and fill in the void with the beige of the 4chan background! 
SO RANDUMB XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD 8===========D ROFL TOP KIK
summer
/thread
/no
No. Bagel, fagel, fag, three letters. HL-3 confirmed 
Either OP is a fucking troll, or summer is in full fucking swing. 
Literally the only good thing about this post was the picture of a skateboarding Air Bud in space.
Those shoes cannot be comfortable. 
What the fuck is this shit.
shitpost followed by awful response followed by /thread
You're a moron
/thread
Could we all please just take a moment and kill ourselves? Thank you faggots.
Sure, you first.
/thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread 
/thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread.I too came to say this.
Very motivating.  
Damn. Im saving this.
it's like its kicking my soul in the balls.
Everyone on this board is stupid

Well shit.
I stopped reading after /thread did I miss something?
I'm glad someone went on and ignored that /thread. .And I'm glad OP didn't crop it out..Today... OP was actually pretty cool.
I hate when 4chan gets serious. I stay on Reddit for that shit.
Something about people that spend too much time on the internet have depression or some shit like that. 
literally dafuq is wrong with mickey mouse? Some guy had mickey on his credit card and he was embarrassed about it. I want mickey on my credit card damnit.
needs to get xposted to 
[deleted]
Agreed... I literally cant hold all these feels _./thread
I like the meta circlejerking. An account made to post cancerous comments, but it posts comments that would be here regardless..Example: 
You haven't seen meta circlejerking...
Bhahahaaha!
"His buttcheeks are giving a round of applause"
Fucking hilarious.
I remember last week I was washing my face in the locker room after I was done working out in the gym, and I just saw a 7/10 girl walk right by me.  I thought I might have wandered in the wrong bathroom for a second, but I noticed from the mirror that we had urinals.  I was really confused.  
Was at the gym today waiting for my little bro to come out of the restroom and some old lady looks at the sign and clearly reads that it said "men's locker room." She walks in anyways amd then about 30 seconds later she walks out like nothing happened with a smile on her face. 
Are you and unclep at the same gym?
Oh yeah me an unclep go way back
Should have raped her for wandering into our territory
So if I wandered in the women's locker room, would they rape me for wandering in . territory?  
well yeah, they have to assert their dominance
They can assert their dominance on me whenever they want.  
Good luck with the old soggy tits all up in your face then
Yes undoubtedly the way it should be, who's complaining?
Nonono, the syllable count is way off. 
I didn't know anybody could make such a fucking god awful parody of fresh prince. 
It's great compared to most of these shitfests.
Except for the fact that "In the battlefield I spent most of my days" is the shittiest shit I've ever read. It doesn't fit the original syllable count and it hurts my brain by how stupid you'd have to be to ruin the song that badly. 
Yeah, but this one just has the one mistake. The other ones don't flow AT ALL, EVER. Especially that shitty Kony one.
Can someone explain to this newfag what exactly was the poop scoop thing about?
basically its for people that dont have septic systems or sewage services. you scoop out the feces and usually put it in a compost (don't use for vegetables) or use it for dog food (outdoor dogs only). .the water/urine is redirected to your rain gutters..really a dry system like an outhouse or a simple bucket would be better, but if you live near-neighbors they may complain
fucking plebs
Yeah having a massive pile of shit in the yard does that.
That's no poop scoop, we call it a freedom scoop.
As usual, Germany barges in and leaves everybody unhappy.
It's weird, because they are so well-known for having good senses of humor
At east we recognize a horse being beaten to death though 
I don't see how this is OP's fault at all. 
Most likely for the best if she didn't change she would have raised a shitty son anyways.
..was she black?
Nope. Guaranteed white.
Blacks breed a shitton of kids for dat food stamp money and never stoop leeching off the state, and the kid gave a shit about his mother. No way was this black family behaviour.
This is true most of the time..
A nigga needs new 22"s on their 2000 Chevy Monte Carlo's
Probably white trash
That escalated quickly.
Kid was better off. 
He's better off.
Kid was better off.
Is she single?
[deleted]
wow u said nigger xDDDD
So did you  :O
Yeah but I'm already 10 so I'm allowed to say bad words because that's offensive lol xDDDD
They grow up so fast
That kid is totally gonna get revengence  on OP one day.
Well, damn... that turned out to be depressing.
What country is this... sex outdoors legal? so is mj? black people guy shot his gf?
I laughed.....
Can't talk now, peeps. I'm headed out to the bridge.
bull
of all the things that never happened.

That dialogue definitely comes from a film. 
Bullshitt! OP's a faggot.
OP is always a faggot
I'm with this faggot.
That's the plot of ., by Luc Besson. It's alright.
And then he sits on the side of a bridge, waiting to jump. And another anon approaches him..
shiggydiggyniggyjiggy
What a really interesting premise for a book.  Great story. 
I posted the full version guise
this was actually really touching, wow
FUCKING WHERE IS REST OF POST

I'm actually sort of sad, seeing all the fun stuff and it was ended by some mugger bitch. Thanks for finding the rest.
Uh, if he's going to kill himself why doesn't . become someone's slave? 
learn to read faggot
Someone asked that in the thread and he said he didn't want to do that.
anyone got a link to the thread or cap of the highlights?

[deleted]
I want you to write a five page essay as to why your comment was necessary.
"a five page essay as to why your comment as necessary."
I'm giving you an F-. You couldn't even copy that correctly.
:( 

cute touching story. kind of want it to be true in a way. sry about going all touchy emotional fag here, but if that guy really did save some girls life and make her reaming time on earth happy, then Story Op is a pretty good guy.
I would enjoy some 'cool stories'. 
As would we all
This thread ended up being over 300 posts. that guy told a really nice story too. too bad you only capped the main post..
[deleted]
Hey now, cats aren't that dumb.
Yeah OP you're a real cock, you are.
The amount of stupid people rivals the amount of common household pests
What? You're assuming OP delivered?
Not only that, but all the dumbshits here are probably assuming the story's true.
Fuck 4chan, thank you OP for gibing me screencaps bcz Im fraid 2 go there
Downvotes, really>?>?
f-f-faget

get the fuck out of here with your positive karma scores, little bitch.
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and Im the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and thats just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre fucking dead, kiddo.



The fact that you have to post this is proof that leddit is a place where cancer goes to thrive..9gag army wut

top lel come back in 24 hours and see all the downvotes
Maybe they weren't that cool and he spared us precious minutes reading shitty greentexts
[deleted]
I agree with the Waldo Serial Killer.
LOLOLOL DAE NOTICE FUNNY USERNAMES?!.Kill yourself.
A good reply for a common nigger..Get a job, ghetto rat.
. Thanks 
Did anyone save this? I can't load it. 
That dog.
does anyone have the picture of the dog with the blanket on it's head?
I don't understand the "floor > dinosaur" line, any super sleuths out there got clues for me?
It's one of the most common bait and switch things on /b/, you start a story and then half way through someone walks through a door and the next lines are:  .>open the door.
>get on the floor.
>everybody walk the dinosaur  .Basically just a way to piss people off. 
Is there one saying how she died?
raped to death by a unicorn
That is really sweet (especially with the picture) but kind of fucking        heart-wrenching 
I forgot the chick had died by the time I read all the stories..Made me really sad....
Are you fucking retarded? It's right below the first post..No, I am not going to fucking type it out
Oh, shit, I thought that was some troll that wasn't OP. Thanks for clearing it up.
I am so Un_impressed with you right now it's not even fucking funny.
Someone should convince him to write a book about it. I enjoyed just reading that small portion.
We should make a movie of it
Fucking Dutch people.
As a Dutchie, I am legitimately thinking Anon is Dutch. 
He said netherlands
Must've missed that. Exqueese me! 
In case anyone wanted the last panel this faggot forgot to include
Thanks, i fixed the image.
well then...
<:'CCCCC
LOL SO RANDUM :3 :3 :3 .This is shit.
LOL THIS HAHAHAHA THIS^ LOL XD
yes.
_
Just ask Dazzler
Decrease wavelength until it becomes that of radio waves since they are both simply electromagnetic waves. Use a radio. Probably static but hey, kinda changed light to sound
How?
OP asked about turning light into sound. 
/diy/ sure didn't teach you how to crop, did they?
i can do computer images  --> sound but not direct light.
Shine light in your eyes, create sound.
Shoot the photons against gravity so they lose energy and therefore get decreased in wavelength. Does that sound good?
No, how did you get to photons already?
Well light is made of photons.
Yes, how did we get to light?
We started with light. Was the question not about turning light to sound? This assumes we start with light does it not?
My bad. Ok so this gravity thing. How would you do it?
Ideally with dark matter, but this is all hypothetical and I'd have no idea how to actually make it work
Yeah..
The only problem is how specific you wanna be; if it's just basic colors then this is easy, otherwise it's a horrible method.
And I'm not sure how to do the first step, if it is possible, I imagine it is though.
That's not the only problem. The second problem is that it misses the whole point, because the original post says you can't convert to electricity first.
step one: invent a material that makes sound when heated..
step two: shine light at that material.  
What did it say? Im on the phone app! I wanna know how to turn the sound of a tank shot into light energy.
the joke was LSD turning sound into light, thus making you see sounds.
lsd
A thread about a thread about a board. 8.9/10 best new thread. 
They literally post these in every thread. This isn't new, faggot.
Awful.
The MC Ride one had me in tears.
Well Done.
how is it the wrong sub? It's from 4chan. .You're wrong. If you look at the dates from the posts 6/9 are from this year.It's latest because the thread was up yesterday and the day before, as the title dictates. 

1/10, maximum autism
Why did I think this was going to be real?
thank you for influencing my decision on what to watch.
1/3 would Beyonce again
[deleted]
Do you have autism, by any chance?
[deleted]
Autistic faggot
Boy I'm sure glad you included the lyrics, I wouldn't know what they were otherwise.
I'm singing the solo in my head now.


Where do I begin..
Outside in the backyard in the middle of a hurricane. Just wearing river sandals. The rain was as heavy as a firehose, but like 80 degrees, and the wind was crazy..Best rubout ever.
Overrun/ abandoned COB in Marjah Afghanistan.
My buddy beat off on his ten hour drive to BC today
Seaworld
I jerked it in a KFC once, had to use the toilet roll tube to wipe my load off my dick.
After reading this, right now at work sounds pretty good. 
Church. Yup.
I also did one time in Kohl's. I used toilet water as lube. Those were darker times. 
I've an extremely similar story.Yeah they were all pretty drunk except my dad, and there was music playing.
I jacked off in the bathroom of one of the houses we toured when house hunting, never went back, didn't flush. ggwp
Be 13
Sitting in Walmart parking lot, mom shopping
Horny AF
No ones here, why not
Look up some cartoon porn or some shit
Stroking it in my pants
Life is good
Wtf? Didn't see that cuming. 
Accidentally cum in my pants
Sitting in front seat hiding cum stain
Still hiding it as mom comes into car
Drive home, hands on lap
No regrets
a baseball game
In my film school's classroom at night.
School.
In class.
Final exams.
I finish my test early, and am wearing a skirt while sitting in the very back of the class.
Take out pen.
Letsdothis.jpeg
Finish in silent testing classroom inconspicuously.
No one notices.
I get away with no one ever knowing.
Back seat of my parents car while they were driving home from 6 flags. My mom was driving and my dad was asleep in the passenger seat. I also yanked one out in the back row of my 8th grade history class.
I've done that.  Basically.  So have some of my friends.  I don't see what the big deal is.  Clandestine as fuck/parents are dumb.
At least he has an excuse as to what the stain is. 
So worth it! That's great dude!, Wife and i are still laughing
I was thinking he purposefuly spilled sprite so he could have an easy excuse to cover up the stain and clean it off. 
In the middle of reading this 
I was going on vacation with my parents and two of my friends. One of my friends sat in middle of the backseat my parents in front of us. Said friend starting to jerk off out of nowhere between us. My parents still not know. 
This isn't weird.
Anyone looking for the true, fundamental difference between man and woman. Yes, we masturbate, but not in close quarters with our parents, under a blanket recently used by our MOTHER. Ewwww.
I've fapped thousands of miles in the air once. On a plane 
You don't say
omfg... i thought i was the only one..6.28.13-- the day Reddit "reached" me

One time when I was a freshmen in highschool I got hormy as fuck in spanish class, in the back if the room, no one can see me, stick my arms into sweatshirt and start jerking. Now that I think of it ive jerked in alot lf weird places, walmart bathroom, kohls bathroom, church bathroom, school bathroom, my room while my brother was in there, all of friends bathrooms and one time in the middle of all of them while they were sleeping. 
8th grade math class.  Wasn't even in last row.  Left edge.  One in front. one behind. and one directly to right.  Somehow pulled it off, no pun intended, just with a coat accross my lap.
ajax scented sprite. They knew the entire time, and watched you sit in your own goo.
I expected his sister to play a role in this story. I mean it's still 4chan...
I would've kicked him out of the car as soon as I smelled it...
I think you should go to the doctor.
?
It's a toss up between in a library, in an old church or in a law firm office. What the fuck am I doing with my life.
Driving cross country
Cruise control is on
All alone
Fuckit.com
Start jerking it 
Realize going to cum soon
Only thing I can find is a used CapriSun carton
I rip the top off and blow my load in it.
I join the solo 70mph club and deposit the brotein shake out the window! 
70 mph  112.65 km/h.*In Development | . | . *
ITT: PLACES U FAP
I, too, did it on a long car ride. The only difference is.. Well, I'll tell the story. (And I'm on mobile so I can't do the indentation.)
Be me, 14.
Long-ass car ride.
About halfway home.
Three rows of seats - driver/passenger, middle, and back.
Sitting in back row on the left, behind another chair that completely covered my body from view by my mom and brother in the front seats.
Bored as fuck.
Mightaswell.jpg
Still have shorts on, don't bother pulling them down.
Get to it.
We're on a pretty busy highway, sunny day, but nobody was directly next to our car.
Until.
Getting really into it but still scoping out to make sure nobody's watching.
Look to my right.
Girl and her mom, girl about my age, pull up next to our car at a toll booth.
Still stroking.
Girl looks over.
Still stroking.
I look that bitch dead in the fucking eyes and finish.
That look of horror on her face as we pull away from the booth.
Me still looking her dead in the eyes.
Felt so fucking alpha for scarring a girl for life.
My Christian high school suspended me but kept me in school. Had me in a tiny tiny room by myself all day with nothing to do. 
Got myself off 3x. 
I'm going to hell. 
Holy. Fucking. Shit. I did the same thing, in no more than within 30 miles of the same area, at the same age. I thought someone stole my story for a minute, but i don't like sprite.
30 miles  48.28 km.*In Development | . | . *
I like you. You can do god/canada's work.
A Christmas Eve party 

on a plane from Hong Kong to New York. The fact that people were around me sleeping, unaware almost helped.
Bathroom at my former job, to the picture on a girl's found driver's license.  I had an erection for some reason and I thought "Why not", then someone said "hey we found this California license" and I just pounced on it.
Ice cream freezer at thriftys.
I'm really late to the thread but, I used to beat it at the school library (college). I couldn't afford Internet at my house so yeah, thank fuck I didn't get caught..
Probably when in a b&b with my family, sharing a double bed with my two brothers. Not gay for my bros, just not had any chances to fap that holiday.
Wtf. Bobby, you ain't right.
14 
Disney World bathroom
On a plane couple of times
My car finally crapped out on me. My super hot friend had a truck she could tow me with to the junk yard. I was in the tow vehicle and as we proceeded down the highway I got to thinking about her. I just started fapping away. when I got to the point of impact I accidentally hit the brake. she was less then pleased with my poor towing ability. I did not have a good excuse for the sudden braking....
In the back seat of our family car with my parents in the from and my brother beside me sleeping. Thanks Betty and Veronica.
this, folks, is why you need to use a box.
When I was in junior high I had a friend over. We both liked video games, and I had GTA vice city at the time on my PC. My PC was set up by my window so that you had to basically look out of the room out the window to play on it. I let my friend play GTA vice city and sat behind watching. As I was watching, I got a boner thinking about prostitutes in the game. I jerked it quietly behind my friend who could have looked away at any second (but didn't) and wiped it on my sleeping bag when I finished. He has no idea to this day and we are planning on getting a house together in the fall. 
In the womb.
ever been to san fran's haight? yea the mcdonalds bathroom there 
Fuck. I live in the Haight. I've been to that McDonalds. That is THE WORST place to jerk it.
Well shit nigger what the fuck else am I gonna do with an hour lunch break
Hello neighbor! 
At a christmas party.
A 2 hour traffic jam? Please. 
Be 17. On road trip with female Youth pastor and some girl who is stupid. Girl is asleep and Youth pastor is driving. I am the only one in the back seat. Pull off sock and do the do... I am going to hell.Edit: Road
Be in middle school
Strict private school
Music class
Cute girl in class
Boner
Waddle out holding stomach/covering wood
Go in stall
Wack
Have to stop twice because people
Take 15 fucking min to come for some reason
Back to class
Life is good.I've also jacked it 8-10 times on long car rides while I'm on the freeway (by myself). Always at night and always makes the time go by fast as fuck
........... Here you might want some of these. It seems you have run out
On reddit you have to press enter twice to break a new line in. 
I fapped watching porn once.
You sick fuck
Dude what the fuck.
Everyone knew. That's why no one ever talked to you

The definition of a /b/tard, beautiful.
[deleted]
Ditto
[deleted]

Observation deck at sears tower. 
How?!
I went in the bathroom and fapped away
There is a bathroom up there? I've been 3 times and never noticed it! 
Yeah! The mens room is on the south side of the building. 
When I was 14, my first summer job at a scuba diving shop. My boss asked me to clean the pool (in scuba gear).  I took my time, got to the deepest end 25 feet.  Nothing to do but let my mind wonder, got horny, felt great cumming at the bottom of the pool.....
KFC bathroom. 
That's not so bad. 
It was kind of nice. 
Was it finger licking good?
alpha as fuck
[deleted]
Story of my life. Ended up in a bad part of memphis with a boner that i didnt care about anymore...
15.Sydney Powerhouse Museum.Toilet..Leave sprog all over toilet seat..When I get outside 15 seconds later my Grandmother is annoyed and asks me what took so long.
You mofo I've been there!
Bet you wish I'd cleaned the seat.
Go see a doctor
Why would a doctor need buckets of jizz?
[deleted]
Stop this cancer now
He jizzed buckets.Buckets came out from his penis.
Oh my gosh, what a coincidence lol, I saw this and thought of the weirdest place I've ever jerked off. At about 14 years old, I was coming back from up north with my family, I had a blanket over me and was sitting in the front seat, totally jerked off next to my dad who was driving.
That's fucking unusual.
He so knew...
25 feet  7.62 meters.*In Development | . | . *

That rascal watched you the whole time!
DON'T WORRY

He knew
an old man saw my glorious jizz covered, 12yo baby dong
It's called a lock, fuckface. No, just kidding, I love you. I would never call you a fuckface.
12yo beating his meat, locking the door just seems to slip the mind
Learn to space
Learn to tell real stories
i had the weirdest post fap feelings
What the fuck dude

It's not weird. It's just called guilt.
Don't worry. Korean Jesus forgives. 
Korean Jesus is busy with Korean shit, Manboob!
Didn't everyone rub one out in the back seat while on a long family road trip? This is not weird to me.
No, my sister was always sat next to me.
and?
They wrestled
Wrestling ragers are prefecltly normal.
Thank God I'm not the only one.
this makes four of us.
no..no that's just you..you and that other sick fucko..just the two of you..What is WRONG with you/
I was suspended in the vice principal's office for bringing a "weapon" (slingshot). This was middle school and i was in 7th grade. I was so horny and there were people everywhere and i was to be watched by this vice principal. This was like the middle of an office space. Anyone could of come in at any moment and saw my penis..Tl;dr I splooged on my middle school's vice principal's carpet when I was suspended in 7th grade..true story
He was probably watching.
it was a lady
My hero. ."o look a 10 year old with no pattern of violence has a disposable razor ALERT ALERT WEAPON WEAPON SUSPEND''
"oh look a 10 year old with no pattern of violence was allowed to play with his slingshot and he took out my son's eye"
they were treating me as if i brought a fucking RPG
Suspension, no, but confiscation definitely. The school doesn't see an innocent kid who brought his cool slingshot in to show people..They see the potential kid with his eye hanging out and his 2 screaming parents..It's not like you can defend your judgement, really. You did after all jerk off mid suspension in somebody's office.
i just wanted my stupid toy off to my stupid friends. Is there risk? Of course but risk is ever present. They overacted in the end
They didn't. .Appropriate consequence for inappropriate behavior..Don't do it again. 
Says Pol Pot..But yeah, we all do those kinda things when we're young. Like the time where I pissed on the back campus (and on my pants) of my school to impress a friend in our first grade days, then I was caught and just . slipped out of a pink slip because I'd had a clean record and teachers liked me. Then I pissed behind a snow mound later that year just to stick it to the man. I cringe every time I think of the consequences that could have come of that decision.
piss off pol pot
Hi, I'm here to offer tips on English style and usage (and some common misspellings)..My database indicates that.should probably be .Have a great day!
This bot.
Your programmar deserves a medal.
[deleted]
"get reaction from cold" 
We've all been there
No security cameras?
Not in the cooler...
So I guess you did work hard in the end then.
What did it say?!
1(1|0)
Hayoooo!

I had a roommate that tried ruining my life so I jerked off into his shampoo. Sadly that wasn't even the last of it
literally hitler
Tell me more 
Well it started out by him being my closest friend. I had recently broken up with my girlfriend and literally the same day he told me he would never betray my trust by trying to get with one of my exes he tries to hook up with her at a party we were hosting. She ended up leaving his room to come see me without me even talking to her. He went crazy. Over the next week he moved everything I owned from around the apartment into my room, bought a lock for his door and told our other two roommates I was stealing from him (I wasn't). After a couple days I noticed that my belongings were being moved around in my room so I bought myself a lock for my room. I don't know if it pissed him off more that I wouldn't allow him to rummage through my things but after that he started turning the ac up to 90 degrees while I was home..After a few weeks of trying to keep the peace in the apartment I was fed up and started telling him to leave me alone and live his own life. This pissed him off and he screamed at me then threatened to fight me if I touched the ac one more time. Of course, right in front of him, without breaking eye contact I moved it back down. He never laid a hand on me but he made the next week hell. .That week broke me and I finally had to do something. So I peed on his toothbrush, jerked off into his shampoo, shaved my balls with his razor and since he only tried to hook up with my female friends I turned them all against him. I think that was all I did, and two weeks later he moved out in the night while everyone was sleeping. I know I'm a terrible person for doing all that but I would do it all again in a heartbeat. .TL;DR friend/roommate made my life hell so I peed on his toothbrush, jerked off into his shampoo, shaved my balls with his razor and turned every girl he talked to against him.
How the FUCK do all these people have revenge-orgasms? How is that possible?
[deleted]
you can angry-masturbate? don't the anger and the masturbation cancel each other out?
No, they only intensify each other. It's the same concept as revenge sex.

That's fucken low dude. 
It didn't even affect the other guy
The other guy put the AC on in January..I think he deserved it.
I know but what if u were the roommate that drank the jizzed juice? Pretty gross no?
Twist: they're from Australia.

Twist: they're from Australia.  ( ^_^) .Let me fix that for you (automated comment unflipper) 
Holy shit y'all suck
Bot fight! Now taking bets.
You guys..I fucking hate you guys.
He said "true story" on the internet, everyone. It . be true.

no
I did on a long school field trip. 
The best I got was feeling a girls tits on a field trip, to many people around to jerk it
A girl jerked me off on a field trip in 10th grade. I was scared of her, now I look back, DAMMIT I SHOULD HAVE CALLED HER!
Than who was driving the bus?
Read that to yourself out loud. .Does it make sanse?
Yes because I am not so retarded that I don't know that "then - than" get confused.
What's sanse?
On a family vacation in mexico. 
Go to shitty beach. 
Beach is empty due to fog and no sun. 
Be in water. 
Horny as fuck raging a full average sized boner for a 15 year old. 
Jerk off in ocean water. 
Jizz in Poseidon's fucken face. 
Poseidon sends a jelly fish to sting my dick. 
Notcool.jpeg 
had to be rushed to nearest hospital while explaining to my parents how a jelly crawled up my shorts and how I wasn't playing with myself. 
Spent rest of vacation on bed rest.
can't ever jerk it. 
now that's karma!!!!!
Sounds like your vacation was... kraken!
Tragic. 
explain 'ever'
Sorry grammar. I meant "even"
obviously the emotional trauma has made it so this poor fellow can no longer sustain an erection without the fear of being stung by jellies.
Or he can't get off without being stung by a jelly.
thanks for the gains, faggot.
Brotein is best protein. 
protein
thanks for that chief
chef
I was in a shitty hotel when I was thirteen. I go swimming, but the water is terribly foggy so I just chill in the hottub. No one else is around, and I get a boner. I whip it out and proceed to hump the jacuzi bubble hole thingy. I was afraid I would get my dick sliced off the entire time, but I was so horny, man.
I jacked off in a jacuzzi in the daylight. It was really steamy and hot and there were a couple of people around, so i put it back in my pants, went up to my room, jacked off, then ordered room service. 
Hotels have video cameras all around the pool and hottub area for security and liability reasons...
Who cares
I guess they didn't care. Or they didn't check the cameras...
The movie Out Cold has something extremely similar happen
My parents had a hot tube and I did this too.  Often.  Until I got a wicked painful UTI that took weeks to clear up..Don't fuck the hot tub jets, gents!
Yeah, that shit is a bacteria whorehouse unless you clean it regularly 
Dude what if it got stuck there? That would have been such an awkward conversation with whoever came to help you.
Have you people never read .?
Oh god. Oh dear god... I can't unclench my entire body. 
Yeah I ended up gagging on the human fetus one. That was disgusting. I could have lived my life totally fine without reading that. 
Yeah... I couldn't finish it. Ehh... he is good, indeed.
whats the human fetus one? i think i missed it
The one that was most disturbing. 
My asshole puckered up just from being reminded of this.
god i love palahniuk
[deleted]
Holy fuck dude
Wat
What goes in must come out. 
What goes out shouldn't come back in
Inside of Boston Childrens Hospital, 15, drunk off southern comfort, while my mom was meeting with my little brothers cardiologist before he was about to have his 3rd open heart surgery.
Well we all know where this is going.
"And that is how I wound up having sex with a girl who had leukemia."
She had that Natalie Portman look.
And that, was how I met your mother!
I jerked off, why does everyone keep saying I fucked someone. I'm on the 4chan subreddit of Reddit, in the middle of the day, on what is considered my Saturday (I have fri/sat off instead of sat/sun). Do you really think I'm smooth enough to pick up a chick I just met in ICU, bang her for a while, then use a cardiac defibrillator on my own dick to finish myself off?
That would actually probably be pretty sweet
They look so fragile though :(

Worst Nicholas Sparks novel ever. 
How long does a baby grow inside of a dead girl? What if you kept pumping nutrients into her?
3edgy5me.
Excellent question..I suspect that a woman can be braindead for an entire pregnancy and still bear a healthy child, as long as her heart and lung functions are intact and as you say, one keeps pumping nutrients into her..But I'm no biologist.  Go ask . if you want some karma, I'm honestly curious.
 is a biologist.
You can't just say it once, you gotta summon him. Like this. . . . . 
Hah, I've not got to the link to .'s comment now, but all it contained was ..
(:
Holy shit he's here. He didn't answer the question though... 

ahaha holy shit
Jesus fuck dude
Make a wish baby 
Be 22. On post in Afghanistan. Super fucking bored. Whip dick out. Pretend it's a light saber. Start jerking off. Cum all over machine gun. Don't clean it. Replacement comes in. Tell him that the gun needs cleaning. Dumbass cleans my saber crystals all day.
you know some of those Taliban got pregnant with 'murican babies when the bullets hit? thats how we won the war, slowly watering down their . gene pool.

'Merica

CR? Filipino? 
It was in 2009. i was heading to Manila. 
been here since then.
I didn't even go to the restroom for that, I waited until everyone was asleep and put a blanket over my dick (it was a transatlantic flight) 
They knew... Everyone knew..
It's also on Redtube.
In those cases they call it the half-mile club. Congratulations!
I thought it was the Mile HighJack-it club
1/4 mile club.
Why'd you delete the cum dumpster post?
I'm not sure what you're talking about...

No, that's about my cheese, man.
1/4 foot chub
I think you mean the Mile I Club. 
CR?.Crappy Restroom?
cum nipple shit fuck
Comfort room
Child Rorn.
Cum room.
Good one scotty.
That's no "scotty".
Cockpit room
Cock Room
They knew.
At the very least, they would have smelled it.
Does it really smell that noticable?
from my own personal hijinks, I know it has almost has a slight ammonia smell .At the very least it doesn't smell anything like Sprite.
Yes. 
jizz in a bottle of sprite and then report back
So.. Mountain Dew?
I knew there was a reason I love mountain dew...
...OP?
No it's your mother.
You think there's a limit to how many people can do this?
Fucking Lel'd
Just about how I feel every time I go to Taco Bell. Besides the explosive dierrhea 
Kanye?
What the hell is this crap?
this is /4chan
It's sad that the same thing happened to me... :/
man I'm pissed off this kind of happened to me..seriously people learn to take compliments
animal crossing _
It truly is sad. 
Your title is cancer.
This actually happens to people?
wow that's literally autism
"MOOOOOOMMMMAAAAAAAAYYYYYYY HALP ME THERE'S A GIRL!"
This comment really grinded my autistic gears. 
what
that explains it
I kept waiting for this to not suck. Is that the joke, that it never stops?
the note should have ended with, "that rubber had a hole in it."
holy fuck,./b/ is actually reposting greentexts now.sad as duck
 
OP lynched the next day. Totally worth it. 
Jokes on OP. Being accused of rape.
When you're a faggot, all you can do is suck.
Just some angry neckbearded sand nigger writing falsehoods about all the pretend sex his virgin sand nigger self has never had. .Sand niggers don't understand that all the white women run away because they smell like the ass end of a camel.
"And I poked holes in the condom."
i like how he knows what traditional skinheads actually are
Fuckin bump.
my justice boner is so hard rn
I would like to think I would do something similar, I really do. However, I'd probably not say shit and continue to fuck her.
Good thing he wasn't an arab and she jewish: 

As a half middle eastern guy, this makes me smile. 
I bet she read your note and realised that all of her bigoted stereotypical views were wrong. Or maybe she will use her experience with you to justify them. 
[deleted]
wat
[deleted]
[deleted]
Funny how 4chan is extremely racist but actually none of them (including me) would want a racist girlfriend or even racist friends.
People think the n word is funny. .And by n word I mean nuts. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
Now is that being racist or just having a preference? I don't think anybody should have be labeled a racist because they don't want to be romantically involved with a certain race. Now if she said I don't like talking to black people then she might be a racist. 
Where did it go?
No one knows. He lost it.
Come on at least make this semi believable
Did this truly happen?
Do you think someone would actually do that, lie on the internet?
Never would they ever.
in the garden of your mind
Pot, meet kettle..Anyway, I think 4chan's less PC boards are more infatuated with the shock value of slurs (at least to non-regular visitors) more so than the discriminatory implications. Such words are thrown around so much there that they lose all meaning.
"The stories and information posted here are artistic works of fiction and falsehood.
Only a fool would take anything posted here as fact."

Touch..Then again, we are all on Reddit...the place where everyone thinks that they're smart.
Let us stroke our neckbeards in euphoric contemplation. 
I think stoic contemplation would look smarter. 
[deleted]
Wait, if 4chan is bad and filled with teenagers then what website do we got to now to feel superior? 
4chan has always been filled with young people. I think the average age for 4chan users was lower than that of both reddit and 9gag.
dumbass. shoulda put a sandnigger baby in her
Don't want that child support leeching away his precious oil money.

Thats some straight up gangsta shit. 

"... I think she might have been a racist, DOESN'T MATTER HAD SEX.".-The Lonely Island.edit: I suck at lyrics. Thanks 
*I think she might have been a racist.
[deleted]
shit, you could have just edited your post instead of posting another bullshit comment.
You really should have added "1/64th black"
Take a sandnigger over a faggot brony any day.
My god faggot, you better raise your standards a bit.

Yes, bronies are shit tier, but so are sandniggers, and anything shit tier isn't worth any attention or time other than making fun off. 
I'd say sandniggers are less shit tier than bronies
implying shit tier isn't shit tier
implying sand nigger bronies arent shittest tier
What if I told you I'm secretly a brony?
MY LITTLE GOYIM, MY LITTLE GOYIM

You really that stupid?.Shit tier is shit tier, no exceptions. Shit is shit no difference
implying human shit isn't superior to dog shit

Then she calls the police and claims date rape
Because patriarchy 
always keeping the true race down
The original joke had a Jewish OP.
and the hot blonde was kosher 
*halal
*Allahu Akbar
A Jewish person would be more believable as there is virtually no difference in skin tone, whereas it's fairly obvious when someone is mixed race. 
Nope, you're just thinking of eastern European Jews. The ones who invaded Palestine and kicked out all the Arab looking people including, Jews, Muslims and Christians. There are many other "white" Arabs too.
I'm half Arabic and no one has ever believed me the first time I told them that. They thought I was kidding because I look fucking German. 
Umm. Jews can be pretty dark.
Eh? What does a 'German' look like? I'm fairly certain if you lined up a German, a Briton, a Swedish person, an Irish person, a Norwegian, a Dane, a Dutchmen and a Belgian you would not be able to tell physical differences. 
I was going to say "white as fuck", but I'm not pale. I couldn't think of a good way to say it. 
I probably could. There's distinguishing features for most groups, you just have to know what to look for
I can easily tell any "Dutchie" apart.
arabs and jews are both semitic.  
big nose?
That's probably because its a religious thing, not a racial thing. That's like saying that being surprised that a black person is Catholic because theyre not white.
Well I was gonna say that but the last time I said Jewish people aren't a race I got told otherwise (i.e. facial features etc.) I still don't recognise them as a race though, not in the same sense that black people are a race.
they aren't..
they're same race as arabs.
And DNA evidence just proved the black African Jews are in fact Jews. 
Actually, they're a Semitic race.
yes..
that's what i'm saying..
jews and arabs are semitic people.  
Especially after the ovens.
That escalated. Not quickly. Just escalating.
Arabs can be as white as Westerners though
Normally being half arab shows, not much but definitely a bit of a darker skin tone.
Not really. My grandma is halfsies and she is pale. The nose is her only giveaway. It sorta skipped her, I guess. My dad is pretty dark though.
Just like Jesus. 
Yea but often times they will mistake you for another nationality like Italian or Spanish. People are not very good at telling ethnicity apart from their own 
This is true. My cousin looks as white as a westerner but he is 100% middle eastern
Same goes for some Turkish people. (and I'm not talking about mixed race)
Im an Arab-Jew and im white as Marilyn manroe's pussy hair.
You play the stop hitting yourself game with yourself? 

No, i was saying...between cum from all 3 Kennedy brothers, its white.
You must have interesting family reunions.
Actually yes. We are origionally from the Isreali-Lebanon area.
So...South of the Litani then?
Actually, just north...im really good with women.
how is controlling the media going for you?
I'll take things that never happened for $100, Alex.
Suck it OP!
And you've found our visual daily double. How much would you like to bet?
The lot
Here's your question: name this continent, Asia.
And that's today's .!
I stopped reading after "classmate set me up with her sister." Bullshit, OP is a faggot.
I'll take overused phrases for $500.
The answer is: Something that I'm going to add to my personal list of things that didn't happen.
This?
Nope, anything with a rating is the correct answer
In Jeopardy, the answer is not disputable. The contestant is to invent an appropriate question for the answer.
What is 10/10 would lol again?
Yeah, this wasn't even funny enough to be posted IMO

Not to mention I read this exact story in this sub like two weeks ago except the guy came in her. 

I'm a huge fan of interracial dating. In my opinion the best way to learn about different cultures is to cum on their women
My goal is to get with a girl from every continent....Antarctica will be tough...

Thank you happy merchant, you truly are my greatest ally.
Penguins are slippery fuckers. 
my theory is to promote world peace by giving all races something in common: me.
We just gotta fuck each other until we are all the same color.
Fuck that, the end result is Chinese or Indian.
As part Native American I am plotting a secret invasion on all the invaders to my country.
I think you mean land or countries since all Native nations were not combined. 
Oh yeah, see half native, yeah invaders to my land.
You can't . land, man 
Or inside them
Why not both.
Cuz then you end up with them when they give birth to halfies
this aint fast & the furious 
good one
getting pussy and tearing it up ... op got jokes
[deleted]
You mad?
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and Im the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and thats just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre fucking dead, kiddo.



the hot blonde = male blonde ...therefore op is a faggot
Nope, "his sister" 
Can't really have a male blonde though. I think you mean male blond.

omg I've always wondered what the deal is with blond vs. blonde.now i know.thanks
Same deal with bruno vs. brunette.
Still alpha as fuck though
Alpha faggot? Is that even possible? That sounds like an oxymoron to me.
Nope, just gay. 
Neil Patrick Harris
I'm still not entirely convinced he's gay.
[deleted]
dude, being gay is the manliest thing there is.
Splinter ell..Banned x-rated version The Last of Us.
Leeping Dogs, you command a pack of dogs that jump all the time
Final Antasy, you are the lone survivor of an ant colony, you see all your ant friends, and family burn at the hands of a dick 12 y/o with a magnifying glass, you are out for revenge.
So you're telling me Orderlands . Judge Dredd meets Mad Max?
i just noticed how many games there are with the word "dead" in the title...
Rehashing an image I made a few months ago for 
Rackdown: you are a genetically modified hooker, and with every successful titwank, your breasts grow larger, softer, and more shapely.
You spread bacteria to random surfaces under the impression of cleaning..Have SARS and make stuff
Meroid.You play as a British farmer on a quest to the doctors to cure his haemorrhoids. You must maintain all 537 basic laws of British lifestyle etiquette in this game. Failure to do so will see you Banished from the land and use an inferior health service, followed by a game over.
Even better for the OP's post.Biosock - official video game adaptation of Ed the Sock.
Uncarted:
The story of a man with lots to buy but no shipping cart. How will he carry all of his goods?!
Napshot: Puzzle platformer where sleeping is the core mechanic.
Metal Ear Solid.Solid Snake's new ear allows him to hear everything going on in Shadow Moses. The final boss is Liquid riding a giant magnet trying to pull Snake's ear off.
The Elder Rolls.You spend the game exploring a long-abandoned bakery, with nothing to eat but the stale old bread you find there..Alternatively, you, the protagonist, are an old man rolling down a never-ending slope.
Left 4 Dad.you are a boy, left waiting  for your "walking dad" to come pick you from school
Can someone link me a mirror of the full /b/ thread?
Chrono Tigger..Tigger experiences a timewarp that results in him going back to his primal instincts. He is a tiger in a forest full of animal critters. You go around hunting and killing animals for achievements and upgrades.
The Last of U: Wii U exclusive, sequel..Major's Mask: can't think of anything.Chrono Nigger: Oh wait it doesn't work that way does it...
Devil May Fry - Lucifer lives his life-long dream of becoming a fry cook.
10/10
The Elder Scrolls V: Skrim.You spend the game manufacturing rolls of light textiles.
Meal Gear Solid: You are the manager of a high-end cutlery factory.Tar Wars: Mudslinging.Able: Check your privilege.Steroids: .Suer Mario Bros: A game that was produced in 1822 that nintendo totally ripped off, and should pay license fees to me for..Don Keyong: North Korea teams up with the Mafia.
How the heck no one posted "Alf Life" with a picture of Alf the ET?
You have to remove a letter, not change it.
If you could add a letter, I'd do dead island: criptide.you play as a gang member who has to maintain his thug life and his secret love for surfing.
While also killing zombie bloods
Tom Raider.A guy called Tom and he raid some places.
Left 4 Dad.After your parents divorced you leave your mom to live with your dad.
Duke Nuke.A member of royalty experiments with nuclear weapons and faces the consequences of his actions
It's one letter*. 
Duke Nuke: Ghandi's Heritage?
Duke Nuke..Prince Philip acquires nuclear weapons and goes on a quest to kill all black people.
I beg to disagree, sir
Oh, I thought it was Em by itself. Sorry 
Damn Canadians...
Porta.You are a door in the home of a Mexican, game play consists of opening and closing. Option to squeak.
um... its spelled Puerta...
Then what about portuguese?
Porta.you are a small neighborhood in Barcelona, Spain.
thanks, ya mexican
Quak .The new fast pace FPS from Disney starring Donald Duck as he shoots his way through hordes of zombies and monsters.
Not a fps but its been done.
Cunter Strike
You play as a sexual predator in search of fresh cunts.
Oom (Doom) - You play a priest, nobody gives you a mana potion and everyone dies
i prefer Cunter Strike, you just go around cunt punching angry feminists...
Shut up and take my money.
10/10 would play.
Pcman. You are a man who is also a pc..Final Fantas. The last fantas are being handed out and you have to get them.
Bishock: you have to come out to your parents as bisexual. 
Alf Life. .You play as Alf, 80's sitcom star. Struggle to stay relevant in a world where you are mostly forgotten. You also eat a lot of cats.Mine Raft.You are a survivor of the titanic. Fend off casts aways as you try and stay alive on top of  wreckage and flotsam in the freezing waters..Dark Iders.You toil away in a small town DMV where there is only one light bulb to work under
 is finally somewhat relevant!
Sake: You build and manage a distillery.Ears of War: You play as a dog, trying your best to help your master in combat.Metal Ear Solid: A sequel where you've been shot and rebuilt as a robot.TenAge Mutant Ninja Turtles: You play as a pedophile trying to fuck deformed children.MeRoid: /fit/ simulator
I wasnt prepared for that but it was glorious
Angry Bids.Youre an auctioneer trying to keep people happy by doing stunts why calling out bids
Red Dad Redemption.You morons just hung a vacancy sign on your asses and my foot's looking for a room
Ass Effect.The camera focus is constantly on Miranda's ass.
I thought we were supposed to come up with games that didn't already exist?
Okay.The Itcher.You play as an itcher, a genetically modified human, made for the sole purpose of relieving people of their itches.
Tea Fortress 2. Two groups of nine mercenaries. One is working on behalf of Earl Grey, the other for Sir Thomas Lipton, and both trying to wipe out the rival company in a never-ending battle. 
I'd play it.
Well yeah, it's the exact same plot just with gravel field replaced. 
Only if I get to attack my foe with scalding hot tea
I was expecting
I was thinking Grand Heft Auto. .It's just the same thing as GTA except you're morbidly obese and keep having to remember to take your insulin shots. 
my sides
3/5 an oreo
Slavery
[deleted]
Inb4 mother was a madam..FTFY
cookie island, the isle of cookies
In the pooper
Then in the mouth. In that order
Oh, Murrica. Aussies should have a whole bunch of these stories for you..And that's one of the times. Others include being laughed at for underage drinking and being told to watch that I aim my waterballoons  away from cars. Copbros are common here
What The Fuck does that faggot not know how to run? ANd how is that getting lucky? He got caught
OP is clearly north jersey trash and a faggot 
unless theyre highway patrol Aussie cops are generally bro tier, I've been pulled over while doing 140 in an 80 zone, they paid it off and sent me on my way
Why the fuck did I read this?.No punchline. No cringe. No tits. Not even interesting or uncommon..Why?
That's what I was thinking, this is fucking stupid
holy shit my dick hurts
Oh gentle Jesus.
Am I the only one that thinks the scorpion was already dead in the first picture, and he's just trolling?.Or he could just be a retard.

I have decided I have now had enough Internet for the rest of my life. 
WHAT THE FUCK NIGGA JUST DON'T DELIVER
huh. the -83 ain't 13/42/69. why'd he comply?.also, "nervfto"? wtf is dat
"Put it up your urethra" -42.
I'm no mathemagician, but I'm pretty sure that man's white
Well, he won't be reproducing. 
"Put it on your dick" -83..--> 490177397
Well shit 
That made my eyes water.
Your wife puts breast milk in your coffee. Shh.
he probably cut the stinger off before putting the tail in his urethra 
Did somebody play this scenario out in their head?
Out of all the titles I've seen on Reddit, this one is my favorite.  OP is also a total retard, but that's not what's important here.
He may be a retard, but he's certainly no faggot.
Thread link: . (404'd)
Fullsize images: ., 
Thread 404'd.
full retard.
You never go full retard. Except on /b/. It's a daily occurrence. 
RIP OP. It went up his urethra and he probably died.
He's more scorpion than man, now. 
, OP made a scorpion out of himself. The circle is closed.
i'd imagine they'll make a movie about a superhero who did this. and at the beginning when hes all weak and gay like prespider spiderman, he'll take a scorpion and stick it down his peehole
You know I thought I would never find anything that even came close to topping balloon scorpion.  I think its safe to say this is way better because penis stinging. 
As long as we are discussing tying animals to balloons, 
These are amazing.
Nigga what?
You've never beaten up a three year old?
never .. Laugh, or I'll stick a scorpion in your urethra. 
Do it then you fucking gimp. Nobody tells me what to do, slut.
Someone's trying too hard...
I just wanted someone to put a scorpion in my urethra...
Holy shit completely ruined the thread.
The kids who grew up on 4Chan are the same people bitching about the kids on 4Chan. 
That was a normal thing to say in 2005, dumbfuck. The definition of newfag now is the exact type of people who made 4chan what it is, the people from '03 to around '07 were all like this. It wasn't until 4chan got popular that saying things like that became "cancerous" and all of that faggotry.
That was also from 2005. I guess that was not as cancerous to say as it is now.
This is exactly the case. The internet has a dynamic culture, so we can't really compare 2013 to 2005 as far as what is old, rehashed phrasing. Now you can't say it without looking like a moron, but back then it was fresh and reasonable.
Shut up, newfag.
God, this is poetry
They look like markers. I still like her tits.
You could decorate a cake with those bitches. Possibly even interchangeable tips.
xD that was a funny one!
xDDDDDDDDDD lel
Those are the devil's tits
Happy cakeday OP, not a faggot post. 
There is no such thing as disgusting tits
I would

what
 
Eh, I've seen worse

Source?

The Dark Lady though she may be, but she be no devil, for devilkind knows no female.


From what I understand it wasn't an improper translation. It was continuing the joke that was brought up of him being sent to Greenland if he lost to Sentucky. Thankfully I watched Gits before I started watching anime as a daily hobby so I still watched Dubs(lol) and I didn't have to deal with that shit.
Greenland is the kind of shit that Google Translate would come up with.
I'm going to hell just for this. Now all I need is to find the nearest elementary school.
Nice post OP, so funny and not cancer at all, you really exceeded yourself in this one


Are you a time traveler?
I feel so sorry for her (possible) child(ren). Imagine you have to suck on those, just to get your milk and survive.
Any milk products would come out like cottage cheese or at the least, ranch dressing.
It'll be like sucking on drill bits. 
Those little bastards are probably the ones that ruined em.
She can carry her kids on her back and just flop one of her tits over he shoulder when they need a feed.
For such a being, death would be a kindness. 

Risky click that paid out.   Today was a good day. 
How the fuck is any click in this thread risky? Just by being here you've already seen a pic of (disgusting) boobs.
You raise an excellent point but every time I think that I hit rock bottom, I'm surprised. 
 eating a nice handful of . with some ., that's how.
I don't even know why I find this so fucking hilarious.
bunch of faggots

shut up fag nerd
i dont get it
That is awesome.
Like a mischievous car driving genie. 
I will do my best to have a similar dream tonight. 
I would soon tire of our awkward encounters and changing his colostomy bag every day.
IM IN YOUR FACE

Ebaumsworld....Really man?
I fucking KNEW someone was going to point that out hahah. I just got it off google so get out of my face 

The best dream.
Should've taken the money, Tombs.
I want you to realise how much I appreciated that. Especially as someone surrounded by people who dislike TCOR.
That actually sounds like something Vin Diesel would say too. 2spooky.
There isn't a punchline. It's humorous because of its absurdity.
I'm sorry for your loss.
It was probably Mr. Clean not Vin Diesel
Finally, something I can believe actually happened.
Let me check my Freudian dream analysis book..
Hmmm..
So Vin Diesel represents a penis, and the bills represent how he wants to suck it.
I totally have the hots for Vin Diesel.  Not even ashamed.
So basically what you are saying is that he sucks dicks for free, and dreamed he wished he could suck them for dollars?
No..Vin Diesel is laughing because he knows OP sucks dick for money, but OP really loves the dick and wishes he was a man enough dude to just get together with a guy (namely: Vin Diesel) and suck his dick.
Half life 3 confirmed.
I mean, make up your minds Europe, do us Jews control you guys or America?  Because I need to ask somebody about how to manage my new nation.
Most fast food joints per capita. Dem priorities. Now pass the ketchup and mayo packets, I'm about to special sauce my face til I'm full. 
They let money and religion into politics, that's what happened. We'd be fucking awesome again if we get both out of our government.
Wrong. Indiana age of consent is 16
Dont we all...
dem Olympics tho
Hey! We're just going through a rough phase!

it just gets better and betteerr!!!
I wish I could say it wasn't true. 
Let's stage an intervention! We'll invite America up to, say, Canada, write some letters, and tell it how it's hurt the rest of us.
Ain't it a shame? Breaks my heart. Kinder eggs rock.
When we went to the moon, that should have been the gateway to human progression. We managed to land on another planet with technology less powerful than the smartphones we watch porn on while taking a dump at work/school. 
You can't own a gun at 16. Not even here in Texas.
hey...I like the jews in charge
corruption happened..
Basketball player and huge fan.  No country stands a chance against African Americans. (or canadians, Andrew wiggins is a fucking pogo stick) 
Most Olympic metals motherfucker!
his argument is valid
Next week is our Independence Day. I won't be celebrating. If there be a protest, I'm in.
Still better than his shity country.
So true... >.<
Down with the ZOG MACHINE
The first three lines explain a lot.
im so sick of these anti-america threads. .the reason we have a low education level is because we allow tards and just down right stupid people into the school system and then factor that in with the normal kids. .and im sorry we dont lose our shits and kill one another over fucking soccer. christ theyre worse than unaccomplished dads at a little league game. .and cmon, europe doesnt have fat fucks? 
lel joos dae!?
Dude, do you even patriot?
Cant own a gun til 18, not 16....
>richest nation.>largest debt.Wot m8
Spot on.
It hurts because it's kind of true. 
This guy obviously needs some fucking FREEDOM
Truth be told.
ITT: false nationalism
The point about healthcare is actually pretty valid. I always see posts where people mention their medical or dental bills and it makes me appreciate that I was lucky enough to be born somewhere with universal healthcare. Is it just because the insurance companies are screwing you over and are too rich and powerful to be changed or is there actually a significant portion of the population that thinks the current system is good?
These are barely related at best.
I don't know; basketball is pretty popular in some parts of asia and europe.
Sadly yes.. My big dream have always been to move to america, but im thinking of England now.. Its atleast not sovjetsweden.
ITT: butthurt Americans..Besides how can it be the richest country in the world and still has the biggest debt? Someone explain this to me.

no sex til 18? What the fuck is this guy on?

oh noes, you guys are better at League of Legends.
Get off our fucking lawn
You wanna know what happened? Baby boomers.
Yeah so does the rest of the world forget what we did in the last Olympics?
Last time I checked people were hopping borders and risking their live to go TO America. Yes America has tons of problems. But nothing and nobody's perfect. At least I can say I hate Obama without making a threat and not be jailed like a lot of other countries. I love my country but my government is another story. 
Well come on, Mexico sucks so who wouldn't go to USA?
Exactly. But I wasn't only implying Mexico. Just saying in general people come to America to pursuit a better life and for the most part is it. But yes our country does have problems, particularly corruption in government and business. But that's world wide. I'm a bit of a patriot regardless. 

What?
so 4/chan is basically r/politics?   faggits
no kidding. what the fuck?. I turn to 4chan to get away from the hippy bullshit, not see more of it.

Tier is the new binary. A bit in a computer is either shit or god.
Take this as you will, but I would say this supports the USA's "claim" to be a sporting powerhouse:.Most Olympic Medals of Any Country (USA): 
2653 medals, 1063 of which were gold.Next-most Olympic Medals (Soviet Union + Russia):
1692 medals, 642 of which were gold.US has 57% more medals than the next leading nation..EDIT: I'm arguing that the USA, as a nation, can be considered an Olympic and sporting powerhouse because it has significantly more medals than any other nation. . - 104 medals vs the next highest at 88 medals. If we're going off per-capita medals won as some comments below seem to support, then I stand corrected. ., by their per-capita definition, is the "olympic powerhouse." Ok. Sure.

US at #37...
Shitty tier sports? Yeah because the only thing we win in the Olympics is roller skating. ...oh wait, we usually win the entire fucking thing. 

We? you are probably obese and don't do shit besides eating cheetos on the couch all day, you guys probably have the highest % of foreign representation on the olympics.

[deleted]

tbh Cheetos are really fucking good and the Amish around here build comfy, quality furniture..Plus we get Bob Costas to comment on the latest scandal when each country is introduced during the opening ceremony of the Olympics. Nothing like fostering peace and worldwide cooperation like talking about fluff (or the latest US military action) right when the Olympics start.
Definitely not obese, but since when is it a crime to have pride in your country?

The second where you do nothing to contribute to it.
I often wonder what it would be like if some of the best NFL and NBA players from America grew up playing futbol(soccer) instead. Might be a bit more competitive on the men's side.
Calling sports popular in America shit tier is beating around the bush that America is far superior to the rest of the world in basketball, track & field, football (which is our sport exclusively), baseball, etc.  So what soccer isn't popular here.  Get the fuck over it, soccer is a flopper's sport, moreso than basketball.
All those sports are virtually exclusively American, except for track and field in which USA definitely does not have superiority.
The thing is, in soccer size and height aren't as big factors as in NFL, NBA, and NHL (just look at how small the arguably best player is: Messi). So, they might actually be hindered by long legs and excessive momentum. Might be awkward to watch Shaq tripping over a ball with his feet being twice the size. 
Still, imagine if Lebron James grew up playing soccer instead of Basketball. Imagine Lebron in the net instead of Tim Howard.  .It would make a difference if soccer was more mainstream here in America. We would have some of our best athletes perfecting their soccer skills instead of foul shots or tackling. However, i do agree that size and strength do not matter as much in soccer, to a degree!  Just look at Barcelona Vs Bayern. Bayern just passes it over Barca because Barca players are tiny compared to Bayern players. 

True but some of the best NFL running backs were not huge guys. Also the cover corners/receivers. I guess I'm just hinting at what someone in a lower comment mentioned. If African Americans played soccer we might be a lot better. Not saying win every year but more competitive than we are now.

Yeah, I'm sure Grenada is actually the sporting powerhouse of the world, tard.

The amount of butthurt is this comment section is ridiculous. 

The amount of times the term butthurt has been used in this comment section is ridiculous.
At least they found a way to feel superior to everyone else. - Jesus Christ
From both parties.
Holy shit, this comment thread is the perfect example why I think most americans are fucking stupid
I was thinking the same think about Europeans, you guys are really fucking racist and intolerant. Its really something special.

The only places where creationism is still taught in the US are the places that the rest of the US doesn't want to be associated with....a.k.a the dumb ass southern bible belt
I live in the south and was taught evolution. Fuck you. 
I believe I said only in some school districts within the bible belt
I live in the Bible belt and I don't remember creationism being taught a single time in school.  Of course I went to a Muslim Private School but we learned evolution in class and creationism in Islamic studies..Even in public school from 5th grade on not a single mention of creationism, god, religion or ANYTHING in any science class.  Although the sections about dinosaurs were disappointingly short...
Yea i mean like I said and from everyones first hnd account it seems to be only a select few distrcits doing this. For example the school districts near the West Borough Baptist Church's (or w.e they are called) are taught creationism 
Not true, at least considering private schools. Counting those, creationism is taught in every fucking state, if you have enough money to learn it. 
Is it even taught in public schools?  I honestly thought it was just parochial schools.  Here in Indiana I only had evolution (80's and 90's).  I also had real sex end. Instead of abstinence only education.
I live in Kentucky and it wasn't taught here. I think it is just the crazier parts of the south.. i.e. Texas, Alabama, etc.
Alabama public schools don't.
i can confirm that texas does not teach creationism in public schools.source: I was taught evolution. Darwin is my nigga

Nope. Taught evolution in Texas, creationism was never mentioned. 
Not even just that, but crazy parts of the crazy states. I went to school in Texas and they did not teach evolution. Also, the teacher for health went ahead and taught a lesson on contraception even though it was illegal. He was a cool guy, ex pro football player.
I grew up in the South (Alabama) and received the standard science education of the "tree of life," Darwin, Mendel, biology and biochemistry being the key to advancement of species, and all the rest.
Schools are organized by districts and Alabama's public standardized curriculum is similar to that of the rest of the country.  There is no creationism included.  I'd like to see evidence of it being taught at all in non-private/religious schools here.  Last time they tried in Kansas, it was eventually stopped in 2007 because it's unconstitutional.  Just because some religious nuts do stupid shit and the media picks up on it doesn't mean all or even a majority of Americans support it.  Also, lol @ implying KY's redneck population is any less crazy than any other southern state. .Source: live in Alabama and have lived in Kentucky
I would take Kentucky's redneck population over Alabama's any day. Go take Bear Bryant's dick out your mouth kid.
I went to catholic school and was not taught intelligent design or creationism even in religion class. We did not have abstinence only education either. The church is pretty secular when it comes to education.
Catholic schools in my area are ahead of the curve too.  When I said parochial I specifically meant evangelicals.  There a couple small schools here and I know in Kentucky that have a curriculum grounded in theology. 
I think its just a few school districts not entire states 
It's not taught anywhere since its illegal on a federal level via supreme court decision Edwards v. Aguillard. A gross exageration. 
So is it just private schools then?
Some if there especially religious. I have some friends, though, who went to a Presbyterian academy and they said their science teachers didn't teach creationism and did teach evolution at length.
Sure, it looks exaggerated and some of it is. But even without exaggeration, some things on this list and some other numbers and percentages about the state of America that could be thrown in, paint one depressingly sad image of a country that I used to look up to.  
I think you misunderstand how many people hate the USA and go out of their way to make it look bad. We're still ranked third in the world in HDI, my friend. You may feel depressed when you see the news, but most people here just chuckle. Much of what they say is either nitpicking or doesn't align with reality.

I want to belieeeeeeeeeveeeeeee
Still the US...pretty incredible creationism can be taught in school, I thought OP was joking...

IT CAN'T! Edwards v. Aguillard was a supreme court decision that creationism is not science, it's religion and so cannot be taught as science in schools. I've been educated in public schools in MS and TN and never once met a science teacher that would teach creationism. Not that they could if they wanted to since it's illegal on a federal level. 
DIdn't the court decision say that Intelligent Design was religion, not Creationsim?.Now, i know it's the same shit, but i think that's how they worked themselves around it.
No, that one was specifically for Creationism. Almost the exact same decision was made regarding Intelligent Design, but that was the decision of a Dover district court in Pennsylvania.

Jesus Christ you eurofags are so butthurt.
I didn't learn creationism in school.
I went to a private christian school most of my life. They claimed God to be the creator of the universe, but still taught evolution. This terrible post has severely rustled my jimmies though.

The BEST thing about this kind of bait is all the butthurt Americans trying to act like they don't care while sucking each others upvotes and trying to counter the points
You don't think that the OP of that 4chan post was pretty butthurt?
You're just mad because we have the biggest dick and police the world. Lol. Internet butt-hurt ain't gonna change that! 

The anti American circlejerk on reddit is getting out of hand. When are people going to realize that the people that live here are normal, good people (for the most part). It's just our out of control government and extremely vocal minority that ruin everything. 
Yet we do nothing to fix it....
[deleted]
There are millions of people trying to fix the problem every fucking day but you dipshits seem to think running around in the streets like animals and trashing your neighbors possessions will fix everything. 
That's why we're obese.
They sure do love our money though don't they?."FUCK YOU FAT PIG AMERICANS!".OH NOES! A tsunami just destroyed the collection of mud huts and shit-filled ditches that made up our country's capital.."America, send monies pl0x!!!"
Mud huts with Internet connections?


murrican education at work, folks.

0/10 mad euro detected. 

"You Americans are all fat, lazy pigs!"."OMG America please help us! We can't do anything because we're poor as fuck and our military's newest technology is the shit you sold us in the 70s. We need you to save us again!"."Fat, stupid Americans keep policing the world!"   -  Every Europoor ever
Isn't Belarus like the only dictatorship in Europe?
skateboarding master race will have none of this 
current soty is colombian though.

Go back to middle school.

America bashing? On Reddit? I dunno if I can handle such high levels of bravery.

If education is so bad why are 8 of 10 best universities in the world, including #1 and #2, in the US?
We used to have great education overall, but that has become increasingly shitty over the decades and our universities are one of the last remaining gems in our educational crown. And part of that is because of the numerous international students who come in and get educated because most Americans are too fucking stupid to make it in college..But our universities are becoming increasingly shitty now too because of shithole Governors who want to take away funding and get rid of tenure. So, way to go America on working towards the goal of making education in America shitty from top to bottom.
Because clearly public education is indicative of America's intelligence as a whole.

Correct me if I'm wrong, but doesn't it cost a fortune to attend those universities? It doesn't really matter how good the schools are if they are only available to a small percentage of the population. Does it?
Most will calculate your family's estimated contribution based on income, debts, etc. and provide full financial support for anything beyond what your family can contribute. At least that's how it is at Vanderbilt and Harvard. 
Those ranking mean close to nothing, any university in the top 100 of most of those are considered great, those rankings are also mainly based on the amount of published/cited papers, it's quite hard for smaller universities to compete with those. And like I said mainly based on output of research, going to one of the top schools doesn't mean squad, it's not because you've got decent research going on there will be good teaching. And then again it's not because an university isn't publishing loads of research that the research that gets published isn't top notch.
More research often means . emphasis/funding on teaching. Smaller colleges where there's actually an opportunity for dialogue and discussion and a relationship between the lecturers and students are likely going to provide a better education. .Going to Stamford or MIT is only any good because you can say you went to Standford or MIT.
Eh, while I will agree that the reputation you get from a school like that is definitely a large part of why they're good places to go, I don't think you can deny that they provide a superior education when you consider the amount of field-changing people they produce: .I guess this does somewhat support your smaller schools point, with this list having some tiny schools (e.g. Caltech) doing disproportionately well. I dunno. I don't think it's fair to dismiss Stanford or MIT on the basis that they're all image.
Because post-secondary education isn't compulsory, your shitty public grade schools are. 
Where I live in the US, my "shitty public grade schools" are . in science and math.
Science is biology and chemistry combiened?
How does a state tie in global rankings? I bet those Asian countries were single entities not their first division. 
Because each state is allowed to make its own rules for schooling. Just like each country in the rest of the world.

Because your population is about 200 times larger than most other countries in the world.
Did you know that ~ 1 out of 5 people in the world lives in China? Now you do! .Not saying you are wong. Just thought it was a fun fact!
Because the people running those institutions saw an opportunity to create exclusive and top flight education institutions and then charge an extortionate amount to attend them. It's about making money. .Meanwhile, the rest of the US educational system is ridiculously underfunded, understaffed, and lacking in educational rigour.
If you use words like "towelheads" and "homosex" then I suspect you may be part of the problem and not part of the solution.

[deleted]

It all depends on the US state too.  I live in MA.  .  Behind 4 asian countries.  .MA publicly educated students are better educated than the precious scandinavian countries people like to claim are . educated.  Delaware education is better than most of the world too.  Certainly better than Europe.  DE and MA always trade between #1 and #2 in the US..People fail to realize that the US isn't one entity, it's 50.  Each state has it's own laws and budgets.  You could basically consider us 50 countries in that aspect..Edit:  Massachusetts also has the ..  If MA was a country, it would be tied for 

It's worth asking why the disparities between states exist. If MA has the highest avg. IQ in America because you're pooling high achievers in one place, or it receives a disproportionate amount of funding, then that's not particularly impressive..Everyone in your country deserves a good education, not just residents of Massachusetts. And as a developed nation America has the ability to do that.
Because unbeknownst to the rest of the world, the US works like 50 different countries.  There's literally no such thing as "US Education".  I use the word literally...literally..Each state has it's own education standards, methods, budgets, and curriculum. The US is a federated country.  The US constitution gives US states the freedom to make their own rules.   It's the 10th Amendment to the US constitution that allows for this.."The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people.".Comparing "The US" to anything is somewhat (although slightly different) like saying, "Why doesn't Europe change it's law on gay marriage?"  "Europe" doesn't have just one law, it has one for each country.  We have laws for each state.  Just like some countries have shitty education, some US states do too.  Some US states have amazing education..It doesn't receive a disproportionate amount of funding from the US government.  It does however spend more if . money than the average state.  US residents pay state, local, and federal taxes.  It's the state and local taxes that pay for most of our education.  So basically, Massachusetts' OWN educated residents are willing to pay more money on their own education than other states are..Edit:  I can't believe I am saying this shit in 
Many countries have separate administrative areas with power over education policy, America isn't unique in this in the slightest..That's a perfectly valid question. In fact, one of the fucked up reasons Europe doesn't have as much progressive gay marriage policy as it could is because when the EU constitution was created various countries voted to include amendments that forbade gay marriage becoming legal. This pisses me off and if it pisses you off as well that's great.
What I am trying to say is that in many aspects, you can consider the US 50 separate countries.  This is one of them.  There are some federal-based regulations as it applies to education, but it's largely under the control of state and town governments. 
Averages are for socialists. Ambitious and intelligent students have every opportunity to receive the best education in the world.   
You forgot wealthy. Do you honestly believe that poor folk are going to head to Harvard by simply being smart and a little ambitious?
Harvard has the largest scholarships available in the country. They make sure they can get the smart poor kids.
Then why these socialist countries have bigger social mobility than land of the free?

Financial aid and scholarships help, I guess.
I had a friend well below the poverty line who went to Yale with full financial aid (no loans) due to him being in a one income, one parent home where that one income was minimum-wage level. He went to public schools (in Alabama of all places) K-12. .Ivies make you pay what you are able to pay and their admissions are need-blind.
Exactly. They make most of their money from the graduates who become doctors, lawyers, and millionaires.
Unless you're poor
Only if your poor and stupid. My family is poor and got into the best state school in the US and worked during so I didn't have 60k in loans

People who want an opportunity to exercise their ambition and intelligence (left un-nurtured thanks to your omega level high-school system), however, can suck a cock. 
Most high schools have AP or IB programs to do exactly that. The problem with government funded schools is that funding is based on performance, so a shitty school that has no money to better themselves has no ability to increase their funding.... and better themselves. It's a vicious cycle.
Can't we all just get a long in the sense that where we live doesn't matter, were all unified under the best country in the world.....The internet.

Yet whenever someone else is in trouble they always want us to hand them their country back....
Bad goyim! You must support your greatest ally!
Yes, Merchant, you trully are my greadest ally :DDDDDDD
its always self interest
I'd say about 90% of history has been caused by self interest.
true, its human nature
Palestinians had their country taken from them by Jews, why aren't you helping poor, oppressed Palestinians?.Is it because there's no oil there? Because you have no chances against Israel (who's willing to use nukes at the first opportunity, and stated as much)? Or maybe because US government is too busy sucking jewish dicks and taking kosher up the arse to notice?
Your point is lost when you claim that Israel could defeat the United States in a show of force. Hate on the US all you want, but don't embarrass yourself. 


This one.
"USA sucks!"."America please help us because the UN it too fucking incompetent."
"OMG, stop policing the world, you fat rednecks"."OMG, you hicks only care about yourselves!"
lol, look at Syria..Dont get involved: America! We need your help! We are being oppressed and we need aid!.Get involved: OMG there goes America, sticking its nose where no one wants it!

Yeah, or bomb the shit out of them unlawfuly, because that is what freedom is.

Wrong..You can receive a gun as a gift from your parent. .You can buy your own shotgun or rifle at 18..You can buy a handgun at 21.
and can fire someone else's at 12.
I received my first gun the week before I was born. I bought my first gun with money from selling toys at a garage sale when I was 5. .But then again, I'm from Texas. 
If he gets a gun as a gift doesn't he own it then?

that's hunting you can shoot a gun in america when you are strong enough to pull the trigger.
Depends on state, in Tennessee you can buy handguns at 18.
Not from a gun store you can't. 
Same with my state

I don't think you can buy ammo until you're the correct age either. 
Correct. 
You can't fire a gun until you are 12?  I was shooting 22s when I was 6...
Naw, you cant hunt big game until youre 12, thats about it
I was shooting 22's in Boy Scouts at 11. BB Guns in Cub Scouts. 
I'm more confused why people have a problem with it. It's not like legally owned guns are the ones that are used to cause problems anyway. 
Yeah illegal guns are totally not legally bought originally.
Ugh.. I'm so sick of hearing this. Even if the gun is stolen, it's most likely been stolen from someone who .. Illegal guns don't just pop out of the ether. .Other guns that count as illegal are guns legally bought by a friend and reported stolen and guns legally purchased by distributors and sold illegally..Before anyone brings up how Washington's gun laws don't work; of course they fucking don't, there are gun stores sitting just over the state line where it's easy to buy guns. You think criminals are somehow incapable of leaving the state?.EDIT: My point is, even if guns are being stolen from responsible gun owners, criminals wouldn't have so fucking many of them if Muricans could stop crying about their freedom.
You missed the point. It's comparing the arbitrary ages we have set on things such as sex, alcohol, etc.

I dunno man, it's just too complicated for our tiny gun loving brains to comprehend. 

Yeah we should just forget how much lower our violent crime rate is than all the countries with "superior" gun control

False.
Our violent crime rate is so much higher bro! Cuz gun crime = violent crime. So clearly since other places have low gun crime, they have no violent crime at all!

Fag.
And now there's beer on my shirt instead of in my mouth. .Thanks fag.
Deep down, we're all just faggots.

We are all whores in some way. 
this is our ambassador right here. 
Really? Our ambassador is a convicted child molester named after a penguin who rapes fish? 
Response to each of these:.Guns at 16: Damn Right.Fuck at 18: Depends on state.Can't drink til 21: Yeah that sucks.Sports: Did you watch the olympics? .Obesity: Depends on the state (really look).Tech superpower: Just sent curiosity rover to mars..Went to Moon: See above.Creationism in schools: Not in most schools.Lowest IQ: . .Healthcare: We literally just overhauled it. Watch the news. 
Which state lets you buy a gun at 16? It's been long guns at 18 and handguns at 21 every place I have lived.

Mongolia has a higher average IQ than most of Europe? 

Reddit > 4chan
"not in most schools"
That you say this as something positive....

Because North Korea is clearly one of the most intelligent nations on Earth.
Summer Olympics*  .*Canada wins the most in the winter Olympics.
Holy shit, is most of Africa literally retarded?
Nah just uneducated and orphaned

Of course it is, ya doofus.
Lol, damn China + Japan is destroying in avg IQ.
What the fuck Nepal? Step it up. 
I assume you didn't see the thread about cheating in these cultures, just a few days ago.
I'm wondering how North Korea is included in that.
NORTH KOREA IS GREAT DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC, ALL HAVE MOST HIGH IQ OF THEM ALL! WE ARE THE GREATEST NATION IN THE WORLD!
Confirmed everyone in Sub-Saharan Africa is autistic as fuck. I guess AIDS makes you retarded or something
there is always an asian who is better than you :(

Japan is in decline because their children are so pressured to do well in school that they dot have time to have sex and they are extremely xenophobic. China has an extremely high suicide rate and poverty rate. If they are testing IQs, they must only select their best, richest and most well-educated population that hasn't already killed themselves.
About the Japan thing, its more plausible that it is due to the high expectation of women, as in Tall, Smart, and Rich, also there was a cesus done that showed this along with the fact most men from 16-24 considered women over picky and didnt have any intrest on a relationship, about the xenophobia, yep, I remember sein a video that said that ciber dating was also a factor on this, but don't really remember why.
I don't understand how you can tie in high expectations of women when it is thought equally of from men... I had a friend from Japan that came here and told me how everyday he would study for hours and when he was finished, he did hobbies and learned guitar and piano. He told me he had a leg up on the rest of the japanese guys and how he "got all the girls" when he infact had no time to do anything with them.
Oh yeah, definitely. In several Asian countries, there is a high correlation between the pressures of education and suicide rates..I'm originally from Hong Kong, and I have seen people go crazy over not getting into the school of their choice.
[deleted]

You can "own" them but not really. You can't take them anywhere or do anything with them without your parents. It's like having a driving permit, you can have a car but you still have to have a licensed adult to be able to use it.

Buuuuuuuuuuut you can own it?
Sports:
.Get fucking shit on rest of the world?

Combined population of Britain and Germany: 143,599,300
Population of USA: 316,136,000.Britain and German combined medal count: 109
USA medal count: 104.I could add some other countries in there to add up the population to 300 million and the USA medal count would just be embarrassing.
but the US had fewer participants you dumb fuck. so yes, that means we do have better athletes. i really hope you're considered stupid in europe, because you certainly are here.
India /china = over 1 billion people each.less medals combined than america, with 8times the pop.

Ha. You had to go in there and find the top 2 scoring countries in Europe and add them together. Then you had to ignore that . are able to put twice as many athletes into the Olympics than America is allowed. .I am not even going any further. That is enough dumbassery right there.
Great Britian: 542 Olympic athletes in 2012.Germany: 392 Olympic athletes in 2012.a combined number of 934 athletes between the two countries.United States: 530 athletes in 2012.so the US had a much higher win rate in terms of it's number of participants in the olympics in 2012 .source: 
Your medal counts for two countries are higher but then the participants in those events would also be higher. This is not an accurate evaluation.
Yeah that's got nothing to do with the legion of people you sent to the olympics at all.
Every country can send just as many...


The US is average at best, and most industrialized nations do better.

There's no per capita competition in the Olympics.
Haha what a pathetic appeal. The US runs your shit in all Olympic sports, get used to it.
The only sport that matters is football and the US suck at it.

[deleted]

Grenada best sports country of all time. 
Per capita is a nonsense way to measure Olympic medals.

Why? It shows which country produces the best athletes on average. Oh, I see, you just don't like being shown up.
I explained it elsewhere, but I'll paste what I wrote my just for you. .Nope. The elite nature of the Olympics and the limited number of athletes and events unfairly skews against countries with more people. Case in point: UK sent 11 more athletes to the 2012 games than the US, despite having 63 million fewer people. Why is this? Because no matter how many people you have in your country as a whole, you can only send so many people to the Olympics. 
Wasn't aware of that. I'd be interested to find out what the results would be like if each country could send an amount of athletes equal to some fraction of its population, then we might find out who the best sporting nation is. 
How come?
Because if that's how we're going to do it then not only is Granada the world's preeminent sporting superpower, it actually doubles up the second place finisher (which, is Jamaica, by the way, half of which's medals came from one person).

There are exceptions you can remove but it doesn't change the general point. Your population is higher, therefor a higher chance of producing gold medalists. And let's not even begin to talk how USA is made up from all kinds of different nationalities emigrating to your country.

Nope. The elite nature of the Olympics and the limited number of athletes and events unfairly skews against countries with more people. Case in point: UK sent 11 more athletes to the 2012 games than the US, despite having 63 million fewer people. Why is this? Because no matter how many people you have in your country as a whole, you can only send so many people to the Olympics. .As to your second bit that you didn't want to talk about, it also happens with surprising frequency for someone born and raised American but not good enough to make the American team to go compete for some other country because his great-great-grandpa was from there. Non-Americans competing for America is certainly not appreciably more common than Americans competing for other countries.
Only a faggot would need to create a website that breaks down olympic medals by fucking capita... Jesus christ if that isn't some of the biggest butthurt I've ever seen.

This is sports we're talking about here. Nothing but god tier faggotry with that lot.
There is no need to get upset.
Says the guy who breaks down gold medals by capita in order to circlejerk some more.

I can't hear you over the sound of all of my Olympic medals banging together
Typical American. 

Wtf is an American, anyway, except for a bunch of different ethnic groups from all over the world... I don't understand the stereotyping.
Um, I thought eastern Europe loves getting the shit beaten out of them at hockey?.Also, Team USA women's soccer (lol womyn sports) is top in the world, so...there's that..Still are..You're welcome..Faggot OP.


You haven't been football world champion. For most parts of the world that's all what matters. And you have lame sports like Baseball and shit.
That's because the rest of the world only has one sport.
Are you talking about 
And hasn't the Men's US Soccer team been tearing shit up recently?

lol americans and hockey. Check out the tiny country sweden when it comes to that sport. .edit:
Womyn soccer, 
You're welcome 



The US has over half a million registered hockey players, which is more than every non-Canadian country combined. Canada, the birthplace of hockey, has more than 600,000. .There are 213 Americans playing in the NHL, which is a little less than half of Canada's 488. The next highest is Sweden with 63, Czech Republic with 44, Finland with 30 and Russia with 29. What does this tell us? With just these numbers, it would seem to suggest that the USA is seriously not pulling it's own weight when it comes to NHL representation. I won't even touch the KHL since there are rules and regulations in place in order to keep a specific number of Russians on Russian teams..What should be considered is that the NHL draft eligibility age is 18-20, and thus is not particularly suitable for the US's high school to college farm system, but is perfect for Canadian Major Junior Leagues that exclusively have players aged 16-20. Unless an US player goes out and plays for the CHL (usually is the case with US born NHL players), their path to the NHL is going to have a higher chance that they will miss their draft eligibility, forcing them to try and walk on as an Undrafted Free Agent..The numbers come from the IIHF website if you want to look them up..EDIT The numbers for player nationalities in the NHL are from quanthockey.com
Who the fuck cares about sports? That doesn't determine how good your country is it just determines how fucking fanatical your populace is and I don't remember any fucking riots in the US over goddamn soccer. 

miracle on ice baby, go fuck yourself eastern europe.
Sorry, but Canada has at least a dozen of your shitty hockey 'miracles'. Canada consistently ranks as the top team beating all of Western Europe and America. 
Nah, Canada's fifth in the world. Sweden, Finland, Russia and the Czech Republic take the top four spots in the IIHF ranking. USA is 6.
No shit. I was referencing the 1980 miracle on ice that eurofags like to forget about. Thats all americas got hockey wise and we don't care about anything else

Wow this thread is full of people sucking on the red white and blue cock.

mmmmm that french baguette
Patriotism. Not even once.
The American definition of patriotism is "Nothing's wrong with my country; fuck everyone else."
In a world where our actions affect everyone else, not just of those in your own country, it's idiotic to be patriotic.
Yeah but I live in my country
I think you idiots are mixing up patriotism and jingoism.  Patriotism is as legitimate as pride in your family or your school.
Anyone who takes pride in the accident of being born in a random country is an idiot in my book. 


It's not so idiotic when you've spent your entire life being told the US is literally the greatest country in the world and has the most freedom and all that jazz. Proof of this indoctrination is the pledge that kids have to say for 12 years every morning at school.
Wait your turn and take the Star Spangled Facial like the whore you are.
ITT: People that are taking this too seriously and getting butt hurt
shiggity yip gip doodeedoo

ok


One's ruled ruled by neckbeards, the other by hipster 14 year olds. 
During the summer they switch sides.
butt hurt mericans all up in dis thread.  
So you make fun of them all day long and when they actually show up you say "I wuz just pretending".Not a good show my man. Not a good show.
WE WON THE MOTHERFUCKING OLYMPICS, BITCH! WHO'S ON A SHIT TIER NOW?! NOT MURICA, THAT'S FOR GODDAMNED SURE. WE FREE COUNTRIES LIKE YOU BEFORE BREAKFAST EVERYDAY! SUCK MY FREEDOM! 
Americans get so defensive in these kind of situations. Worst is when they react with circlejerking. It happens so often when America is negatively discussed in the comments, you see a butthurt american commenting: "DAE think america is literally hitler??!". So annoying. 

There are plenty of problems with America, but this post is straight up circlejerking and false information. Off the top of my head we won by far the most gold medals. yet someone has to make a stupid post like this with responses like "yeah lol america sucks"
Totally doesn't happen when you make fun of any country. /s.Go into a thread saying something about 
"... faster than France surrendering." and you will get 100 replies of butthurt Frenchman. .Everyone does it so shut the fuck up. 
It's justified when the 'criticisms' are immature and untrue exaggerations written by a 13-year-old. "Shit tier sports?" Yeah let's just ignore that America swims in gold every two years during the Olympics.

Well it's fitting you mentiong swimming in gold because they get so many golds from swimming and swimming is the event with the most gold medals available. 
You see the same thing with pretty much every other country. Just mention England having bad dental care, Germany being nazis, or France being pussies and you'll see the sane thing, only smaller as more Americans browse Reddit than the aforementioned 3 countries. You won't see it with Canada though since none of you have shit on it.

Those are really bad examples man. You are comparing facts with opinions. 

Those things are pretty inaccurate stereotypes. If you wanna complain about the real problems of those countries go ahead; talk about our corrupt politicians, our 'victim complex' racists, our snobbery about europe, our awful military equipment or any other actual fuckup.

That's because we're . criticized about . and most of the world seems to blame us for their problems. Gets fucking annoying after a while. Yeah, our country isn't perfect, but it's our place to complain about it, not yours..When I traveled in Europe, about half of the people I met became rude or nasty to me once they heard my American (midwestern) accent. You'd rarely see that shit in America. We don't give a shit where you're from or what you're like so long as you're not an asshole to us first. Europeans seem to just be unable to not speak about or to Americans in a condescending manner.

That's because your foreign policy and abuse of foreign workers is disgusting and a lot of people find Americans (Im talking about mainly on TV here, but also in a lot of examples I've met) crass, loud and obnoxious. .I have American friends, I have no problem at all with American people. But there are reasons some people are rude to Americans (whether justified or not.)

So you point it out by doing the exact same stuff like you did just now?
CAN'T HEAR YOU OVER THE SOUND OF MY FREEDOM AND FUCKING PORK CHOPS ON A STICK. 

How loudly does one fuck a pork chop on a stick? 
Pork chop is what he calls his sister. 
For the answer to that, wait for a Mumford & Sons AMA.
Loud enough to type all caps 
WHAT?! I CAN'T HEAR YOU, SOLDIER!
It gets really old seeing "y don u guys have a revolution lol?" and "americans r fuckin dumb and fat." Then twat nuggets like you call us defensive when we dish shit right back..tl;dr : suck my star-spangled cock
FUCK I have a freedom boner now.

The 'fat dumb american' is a stereotype, but education and obesity rates are facts. It's worth acknowledging the difference. Talking about actual stats is not an attack on America and so there's no need to get defensive. 
[deleted]
By which metrics has this been measured/determined?
Okay, but education is controlled primarily by the state. Yeah, if you average it, states like Texas where they . are going to bring down the mean. But places like Maryland and Massachusetts have better education than the vast majority of European countries. Massachusetts has the 5th best math education in the world, and if you go to one of the better schools in the state, you take it at a higher level than even that, without being an honors student or a year ahead, which many kids also do..EDIT: Hyperbole on Thomas Jefferson. Texas School Boards voted to exchange some of the references to him and his freedom-of-religion ideals for those of early American very-Christian politicians in the curriculum.
Well it depends on whether you think countries have a duty to educate their citizens. If not then it doesn't matter..And source for Jefferson thing? That's bizarre!
I want the government that . live under to recognize and act on that duty. If other people don't... in a democracy, I guess that's just how things go. I really like how the US delegates power of such things to the states; I only wish it did that more. The US is far too big and diverse to be under one government or the other. People need to realize this when criticizing problems in the US. It's simply not going to apply to many states..I was not accurate on the Jefferson thing. Here is a Politifact page which talks about it (in response to Stephen Colbert essentially making the same "half-true" claim I did)..EDIT: The actual link: 
I'm pretty sure the obesity "facts" are full of shit. We use a bullshit method of measuring this called BMI. I'm 5 11", and 160 lbs, and I'm pretty sure that I'm obese by BMI standards. 1/3 of americans are definitely not obese. 

The US is ranked anywhere from 13th-17th in education worldwide.
Great, so if people spout incorrect statements about America's education then respond with the correct info like that. That's not defensive or dishing shit right back. It's fine.
Funny that you didn't feel the need to look up education statistics before claiming that they were fact.

Yet, more than half of the top 100 universities in the world are in the United States. 
Full of foreigners.
Everyone's a foreigner in america.
When will people realize Americans pay for EVERYTHING and that's the way they want it. If you have the money in the US everything is the best. The best healthcare. The best education. 
Guess what it comes down to is PAYING for health care. 5k for a kid, really bad issues 10s of thousands of dollars. Sorry it's a joke and my Wife worked 10 years at a US hospital .
And if you don't have the money, then you can go fuck yourself filthy plebs. What do you think this is, a socialist country? 
Wadup marshall plan! Why has this been forgotten? It was only like 70 years ago, and an important part of modern history
Lovely mentality. This somehow justifies that only a few % of the pop can afford these things on a higher level than other people get for "free" (see healthcare in europe).I guess that's just americans. As long as there's a chance you can become ultra rich and be president, everything else is ok.
I completely agree. I don't like their system but that's what they sell. 

Because private health care doesn't exist in other countries amrite? The private industries in the rest of the world still ensure the richest get the best of the best of the best, whilst the state doesnt generally let the poor scrubbers die from cancer just because their on minimum wage. 
Odd, I don't want it that way.
You don't want to pay for your own shit?
I think as a society we should be taking care of each other..Further, even if I am not sick and even if I'm well educated, it's in my best interest that we work together as a society to make sure that everyone else gets a good education and is not sick..You have to be immensely close minded and selfish to think that so long as you have your health and education, if anyone else doesn't it won't have a seriously negative impact on yourself.
Move to Canada, then. 
Or, ya know, take steps to effect the change you want to see in the world.
The United States of America, land of freedom and opportunities [to some].

That's quite far from true, no need to shit around but a lot of universities in Europe easily compete with MIT, Stanford, etc (ETH Zurich, Cambridge, Oxford, Gottingen, Lund, ...) and with those great universities comes cutting edge health-care.
Gttingen mentioned.

United states still publishes the most scientific papers in the world per annum..and backup that claim or continue to look like a faggot. 
What claim? That ETH Zurich could compete with MIT, etc? Just look at any of the many university rankings (and please don't actually think being 20-30 ranks apart means anything at all, any university in the top 100 of those rankings are excelent and everything in the top 30 could compete with each other). Also ofcourse the USA has a bigger output compared to countries with a smaller population ...
Your wanted 'sources': .
.
.edit: a word

22 of the first 30 are American. Thanks for helping my argument fucking faggot. 

Did you even look at these? The US is absolutely running a train on everyone in all three.
Too bad that only 1% of the population benefits from it.

So brave. DAE think AmeriKKKa sucks?
How many gallons of patriot juice does your freedom truck liberate per imperial mile?
You don't know me. Also about 14
I don't think the US sucks but it's stupid to use arguments like "We have the best of everything" if basically nobody has access to it. 
Plenty of people have plenty of access to plenty of services. There's a big swath of the middle class that has it just fine, which is why we aren't rioting in the streets about it. I mean yeah, if you're poor you can go fuck yourself, but it's not just the 1%, it's more like the 40% who have it . the best. Are you from Yurrip?
see but that's what most countries don't want to allow. No one should be poor, or at least be have some sort of backup when they are.  I'm not saying these systems are perfect. None of them are. But I do prefer that mentality over the American mentality. .And yes I know it's because I live here bla bla and Americans just have that culture bla bla but all those other countries are seeing America slowly turning wrong. 
We, sadly, think freedom to do fucking anything > humanity.
Which eventually always leads to less freedom. 
If you knew some of the poor people I have known, you might not say that. Ignorant sponges that leech the system intentionally because they don't want to work deserve to be poor.
And so you're willing to have a system that fucks over thousands and thousands o people just to make sure those few people don't profit of others. .While in the meantime everybody who's rich profits of you. 
So glad I decided not to move to the States.
pretty good is not "the best".
And paying 3X as much for mediocre is definitely not "the best"..I make what some would consider a ridiculous amount of money. I pay more in taxes than some people make in a year. I still can't afford "great" healthcare.

Sadly this is the truth..Also, enough money can buy your way out of jail. .Guy I knew got busted with a few hundred pot plants, faced federal felonies and years in prison. His lawyer got him down to 30 days in local jail. My brother was in for 90 for a DUI. .Only cost him $80,000
Your brother endangered the lives of everybody else on the road. The other guy got off lucky.
To be fair, driving drunk puts other people's lives directly at risk, growing pot does not.
Oh I fully agree, I was thinking about that after I posted. The only thing that pissed me off was how he was facing multiple years in federal prison and got off with local jail time. I fully agree drunk driving is a lot worse than growing weed, but to the govt tax money is everything.
Few hundred pot plants? That's not just breaking the law, that's stomping all over it and beating it with a bat.
Yup, they had multiple grow houses running. .A lot more than just your simple possession.
Who's his lawyer, Saul Goodman?
Better call Saul!
Barry Zuckercorn
He's very good. 
Troy McClure.
I think you mean Lionel Hutz
aw fuck. 
Bob Loblaw
Bob Loblaw.
Bob Loblaw lobs law bomb
Funny thing is that was probably pot money anyway
See, why not just fine the people?
For the most part it was..He owned a BBQ business he used to launder all the money..I was worried they were going to shut it down, best BBQ in the city. 
It just felt like the best because you were high.
I am usually high when I go.
Potheads WOULD make the best food.
Cheesy potatoes are definitely a creation of a stoner.
Not necessarily. Everyone knows that cheese makes everything better.
I always think of Funyuns as having to be invented by someone who was high as hell. The concept, the design of the bag- it all makes it pretty clear.
my Funyuns are shaped like an orange triangle. 
[deleted]
He means the best in the world, not just the best in the country.

What he's saying is that if you have the money, the healthcare/education services available to you in the US are the best. This applies to most other industries as well. For example, the US has by far the best higher education system in the world. But for the most part, only the elite/extremely smart people get to attend Ivies. 
he's saying that the wealthy in america have it better than anywhere else. It doesn't matter if you're wealthy in Poland, you'd still get better healthcare in America
what did it say? i dont get it why was he banned?
he basically said ."the wealthiest people of [insert country here] get the best healthcare and education?.I had no idea!"

Untrue. Many branches of specialty medicine such as oncology, obstetrics, radiology, ophthalmology and sports medicine (to name a few) are of a superior level in Europe. .This is due to many factors, one being the protectionist nature of the FDA..Bluntly put, if one were wealthy in Poland, a trip to Germany for cancer treatments is very feasible and would result in better care than what is to be expected in the States..The singular field of specialty medicine where the United States excels that comes to mind is plastic surgery.
Read -richest country on the planet-. 
The rich want the best cancer treatment the rich get the best cancer treatment

Although, generally speaking, Germany and Scandinavia has the best doctors and facilities, top athletes actually prefer to go to Aspire Medical Centre in Qatar. 
I don't know about this source, but it lists 5 of the top 11 cancer hospitals as being in the USA..I think the point is that while the system is inferior to most people having a for profit, completely capitalistic healthcare system does tend to drive many very high end institutions.  Other systems do this also, but the US system seems to be really good at it.
You have to consider that the USA is the biggest western nation. You'd still be closer to a top tier cancer hospital while living in Poland than in most places in the USA.

No nation comes close to the levels of biomedical research and development that takes place in the US. Certainly the EU as a whole would rival it, but as a single state the US is the best. 

if you're wealthy in [Poland] you can get healthcare from anywere.
yeah but where are you gonna go for that healthcare?

Germany?
Americas top athletes seem to like it the german medical facilities.
China?
Gotta support stem cell research some way.
France.
Look, Poland isn't as bad as you think t is. They have hospitals too. So yeah if you're wealthy you can have quality healthcare. And if you don't find it in Poland you travel 300km to Germany and you have the best shit. Pronto. 

switzerland?

And have to mingle with the Swiss plebs that also have access to top healthcare? Never!
Also this is unfairly exaggerated except for the part about the Jews. Here's an 
confirmed for JIDF

[deleted]
JIDF detected. Check your bar mitzvah privilege Zionist shitlord! 
As a /pol/itician, I can confirm this as being what /pol/ mostly discusses.

/pol/ talks about a variety of stuff, including sarcastically talking about how well white american heterosexual males are treated.
Maybe five years ago, not anymore. The stormfags took over.
Fuck SRS. YOU HEAR ME, SRS? FUCK YOU, YOU CUNTS!
They got my . banned. I'm going to have my revenge by shooting black genderqueers en masse.
Those fuckers. I am now going to sleep severely pissed, and will probably forget all about it and never end up doing anything.

Is that a 4chan reader for iPhone?!
Yay, another shitpost on ....
JIDF detected
This isn't even remotely funny.
JIDF pls.But yeah, this post sucks.
You suck
It's safari...
I don't see any animals here. 
You really are not funny. 
You act like you're fucking surprised. 
SURPRISED IS MY WOMAN YOU STAY AWAY
She just looks surprised all the time coz she has those stupid Latina tattooed eyebrows she's actually very disappointed at the size of your linus
Jew detected
This is amazing. 
You're amazing.
You're amazing
You're amazing.
You're Jewmazing.
Your amazing 
What about his amazing?
My amazing?It's amazing!


[deleted]
what the fuck this account what in the jesus christ almighty
It is a bot that follows me around and replies to all my comments with "hahah" then later edits them to gibberish in latin. 
[deleted]
What in the fucking fuck
holy shit what you made it right? that's so wtf
No. Some pathetic loser made it because my words damaged their world view and changed their life. It is a petty attempt at revenge. But you aint doin it right unless you got haters.. 
holy fucking shit that's so creepy LOL jesus christ man can't you tell reddit or someone that this guy has a bot that keeps replying what in the fuck
I guess I could... Never tried it... How would I "tell reddit"? 
i don't really know you should contact adminstrators uhm...don't really know how to tell you, try searching on google "how to contact reddit admins" or something :/

what an unpredictable joke!
Holy fuck, there's a Kike camp on Gabriola Island!?.Where are the nazis when you need them...
Lax bro Shnyda. I hate him
Op is a liar and a faggot
I'm just happy nobody's made the Anne Frank/Nazi that coming joke.
Is it a camp to learn how increase mental focus? 
Was this supposed to be funny?
Ha ha I went to camp Miriam when I was a kid. It was fun but when I got older I realized it was run by a bunch of crazy zionists. I have to go get an oil change done on my car for a couple hours but I'll answer any questions you guys have about this place if you want after I get back.
I'm going to mail him some bacon.
That Canadian postal code is missing a number at the end of it. 
I went to a Jewish sleep away camp in NJ. It was actually rather pleasant...besides the annoying Friday night services. AMA
So I grew up on this Island, not far down Berry point rd. You could hear the chanting for hours. T'was pretty creepy.
I went to a Jewish camp in Canada back in the 90s, with some friends on open-house day.  I was amazed at how militaristic it was.  They had the kids marching around like they were little soldiers.  All of the kids hated that aspect of it (they just wanted to go canoeing, have bonfires, and build things out of popsicle sticks and string), but some of the parents and grandparents were Holocaust survivors.  It struck me just how long a shadow the Holocaust has cast over Jewish culture.
Hahaha I live by Gabriola Island!!!
the bacon is on its way COD
Fun fact, that's Seth Rogen's old camp
I desire......Macaroni Pictures....
I'm actually working at Moshava (The camp in Maryland) right now. I have several friends that are working at Miriam now too.
If they're all as dumb as you, I don't think anyone has anything to worry about

Congrats, you live in one of the two parts of Canada that's inhabited.
Is this the 16th century?  No?  Oh good, for a second there I thought that meaningless figurehead of hollow state power was symbolic.
Thats awesome. I did madatz at Miriam but that was as far as I ever went. One of the girls in my Kvutzah was Rosh Machaneh last year I think. Its weird when you realize that all of the authority figures you thought were adults were actually like 23 years old.
I was madatz last year, and I'm doing Mitbach now. It's really crazy to see how tzevet really works, there are so many things that I had no idea went on! What year madatz were you?
I'm pretty sure it was 2003. Yeah its an interesting thing to be a part of once you know all the little stuff they have to do and how much work actually goes into making that place run smoothly. Like I said when you realize the whole camp is being run essentially by early twenty somethings its kind of mind blowing ha ha
2003 you say? Do you know Sager? He started going in 2003 doing madatz at Mosh, but he went on Workshop 54. 
Never did workshop. And our year of MBI was cancelled because the situation in Israel was pretty bad that year. I'm sure I have friends that know him though.
Did you do the trip in America?
Nah my thinking was that I could go to America anytime but Israel would have been worth it. Not to mention I was a first session kid and like no one from my kvutzah and my session went. I didn't quite have the relatability and people skills I have developed today so I pretty much stayed at home with my friends where it was comfortable and got drunk/baked.
What's the thing you'd've least wanted to have sent to you?
We weren't allowed to get food packages, and one time my parents sent me a package filled with candy. I got chewed out for it and wasn't allowed to go swimming for a few days..When my parents came up for visiting day they asked for the package back, but it had mysteriously gone "missing"
What sort of package would be allowed then?  I'll make a package that's got something allowed on top, with bacon bits (the kind that doesn't need to be refrigerated), candy, condoms, [redacted; I don't want to go to jail], then a note that says "Here's the stuff you asked for, don't get caught buddy!"
I was allowed clothing, toys, non-edibles and gum, and that was about it. I think we even got physical cash taken away. 
I went to a Jew overnight camp one summer, and it was a lot of fun.  It wasn't really even a "Jew" camp except for the fact that the food was kosher.  It was a regular overnight camp in all other aspects.  
I'm surprised at that.  Even the Baptist camp that I was forced to attend a couple of times as a kid wasn't like a "regular" camp, in that we had an hour of Bible-study per day, and the campfire songs had a definite Christian theme. We still had all the regular camp stuff, but since I was an atheist even as a pre-teen, I really hated it there.
Yeah it was just sorta chill.  I think I remember maybe the singalong songs were influenced by Jewish themes, but they weren't even remotely biblical, more like pop culture and shit.  The camp was all regular camp shit like sports and art or radio or theater and stuff.  They just had mostly Jewish campers.
Is it true they have IDF people over to give talks?
Is it true they were busted by a female fisheries officer in the middle of practicing dry-firing drills with real weapons?
No they didn't bring anyone in specifically to do talks like that and there was never any firing of any type of weapon, this specific camp that Anon is at is for kids that are like 7 to 16. A lot of the counselors were Israeli and had been in the IDF though. One year my counselor had been a sniper for distances over 1500 meters or something ridiculous like that. He had also been shot by some kind of weapon that left a rowdy scar. It was a long time ago so I can't remember exactly what it was.
Cool story bro.
Ask them a question for me. Given life in the occupied territories and given a kill/death ration with the Palestinians of around 1000 to 1, and the malnutrition of the children, and the political abuse, who really needs the summer camp most?
1
AFAIK there's no mountains or waterfalls to train on in that part of BC.
[deleted]
Making jokes past each other I guess.
What the fuck? I live really close to Gabriola island. 
I freaked out when I saw that. 
I've been past that jew camp 4 times and only know about it now due to this post.
Kelowna here, but I've been to Gabriola
in for delivery
Me too, first time I've ever seen it mentioned on the internet.
I did Nazi this comment coming. Anne Frankly something something.
so many tens of millions more died during ww2 than the jews, but they're the only ones obsessed with it
The Russians killed based off of loyalty to Stalin, hitler killed based on a image of the aryan race. Neither is worse than the other IMO 
I agree. Both evil ideologies. In fairness, Russians were largely pan-slavs or Russophiles (still are) who have their own superiority complex. That's another story.
Most of the other people who died were combatants, not killed simply on the basis of having been born into a certain family.
There's a difference between dying in battle with a foreign army as a soldier, and dying in your own country after your neighbors, coworkers, and police force try to beat/stab/shoot you, destroy your business, or turn you over to the government for mass deportation and extermination.  
Any ethnic group that's experienced an attempted genocide (Jews, Armenians, Roma, etc), tends to be a bit obsessed about it for at least a few generations afterwards. It's pretty easy to understand why.
I dated a half-Armenian girl who was obsessed with the genocide but didn't even know Armenia was a country..I digress..Ukrainians experienced a genocide by Soviets (Russians & Jews) to the tune of 7 million, then another 4 million by the Nazis as part of the Holocaust to wipe out slavs. It doesn't define who we are.
My sister is married to a Ukrainian-Canadian, and his family is definitely still largely defined by what happened during the Soviet Era.  Many Irish-Canadian families still can't get over the British occupation and the Irish potato famine..But remember that neither Ukrainians nor the Irish were ever subject to a official policy of extermination, the way the Jews were.  Most Ukrainians died because of terribly misguided Soviet agricultural policies when which combined with drought, caused massive famines. The ineffective and somewhat indifferent response by the Soviet leadership (or the British leadership in Ireland) is simply . on the same level of evil as the industrialised slaughter of Europe's Jews, in what amounted to efficient, modern slaughterhouses. 
LMAO i live in an irish neighborhood and hve never once heard an irish person complaining about the potato famine. British occupation, yes. but potato famine?? get out of here. That just seems so absurd to me.
I'm surprised at that, as it's certainly not the case among many of the Irish families I know.  .The Great Famine caused a 25% drop in Ireland's population, and is the reason why most Irish-North Americans are living in North America.
The "potato famine" was . by the British occupation.  There was plenty of food, the Brits just took it all.
IIRC there was more than enough food to feed the Irish, the British just took it all.
Irish citizen here. We mostly don't give a shit about the famine. Only people who care about Britain are radicals up north. 
a) Ukrainians were in fact targetted by official Nazi extermination policy. They were considered sub-humans, Generalplan Ost intended to wipe Ukraine out, use them as slave workers, and turn the region into a German colony
.
.b) Again...no. Soviet policy was to subjugate Ukraine and suppress any sort of national revolt. The borders to Russia were closed, any and all food was confiscated, and Russian troops literally went door to door making sure there was no food at all; or you'd be shot. It went far beyond agricultural policy (which itself was bad but not the cause of millions of deaths)
Yes, the Nazis had plans to ultimately enslave or expel the Slavic population of Ukraine, but many Ukrainians, particularly from the west, became ., even forming an SS division.  .. Also, ..  .But I digress.  No ethnic group other than Jews have ever been subject to an industrialised intentional genocide before, and that was only a couple of generations ago, so I understand why they're still pretty obsessed about it.
Sounds kinda logical when he says that the first genocide was attributed to the Jews.
This is a model for someone to do a ., no?
[deleted]
Yeah, well.. you know what I mean..
wow really? I thought he was just a proud Norseman, pissed off at multiculturalism
[deleted]
Of all people to be cool with.
 
LOL I have friends that go to that camp.edit: I hope my username didn't give it away...JEWcebox
So do I! A few dozen of my friends are working there this summer. 
Call them up, ask if there's a... Iax bro Shnyda...?  Is that an actual name?
It's probably not. I told my friend who's working there to be wary of any packages addressed to a lack bro shnyda
I have friends that work at that camp.
Learn to postal code you sack of dog crap.

 
faggot.
3edgy5me
No name on the address, I can just see that working.  
It says Send to MR Lax Bro Shynder
Carlos is Hebrew, yeah?

yeah looks like i'm an illiterate faggot
An . illiterate-faggot
I grew up with Jews so I went to their summer camp. Now it wasn't officially a Jew-camp in the sense that there were Torahs or gas chambers everywhere, but let me put it this way: after we took our first shower, my nickname was Turtledick for the rest of the summer. I can seriously recommend Jew-camp because you will be dominant in every sport (except maybe tennis or golf).
Yeah because Jews werent the best basketball players prior to when african americans started playing?
I didn't grow up in the 60s, m8
genetics sure have changed in the past 50 years?

I fucking knew this shit would happen. At this point I'm rocking Anal Fister, Turtledick, Glitter Cannon, and a bunch of other shit I'd rather not discuss.
But you'll discuss anal fister and glitter cannon?

FINE you DICK."Anal fister" is from some thread where I used some copypasta from the . Quit it with that shit.."Glitter cannon" is older. I think it was after some sort of gay rights decision where I declared I would start calling my penis that instead of "The Executive Branch," its traditional name.
I was mostly wondering how those were the least of your worries.
Not the worst thing that ever happened to someone while showering with Jews.  
Someone get their towel stolen?
You don't need a towel once you're done.
After you're done you go in the oven to "dry". Who needs towels?
A jew that wants free shit? Seems about right.
That's black people.  Jews want cheap shit.  
for free!
[deleted]

Repost. It's even on the same page as the other one, faggot.
Gabe Newell is God
^ 12 hour clock amerifag detected
Son, are you retarded? 

This was actually pretty good. I liked it, and it didn't follow the same template as before. .Also, I was extremely pleased to read the part about Gamestop being destroyed. They treat their employees like crap. 
I was expecting this to lead to the world of HL2/3... I was dissapointed.
this is fucking stupid
This is fucking beautiful
Why not fucking both?
huh
What is HL3?
Hilde League 3three
Half life 3
If he has to ask, he does not deserve to know. Remove yourself and beg forgiveness from our lord and Master.
No.
Fuck you I'm new to this shit
Richochet 2
Wow. Dr. Seuss is really letting it all hang out these days
I feel like I've been there too.
GAPING WHOLE WHAT?
Gaping whole twat
I want his drug dealer's number
Cry if you lik dis evertim.
whole
I love Acid lol
K-hole. 
K-whole.
Drugs are bad, guys. 
This is art.
This post gave me cancer.
You already had cancer.
Thank you, it's nice to know it..
he is the cancer
A lot of people find this shit stupid but I find it funny ='D
Go fuck yourself with a cactus you piece of shit 

Lets all agree, to never take drugs again.
Sounds more like salvia from my experience.
My thoughts exactly. Absolutely salvia.
Because there are no other potent hallucinogens, right?  There aren't a whole panoply of research chemicals ranging in strength from weak ass shit to way stronger than 50x salvia?  Go take some methoxetamine nasally and tell me again what you think it is.  Goddamn know-it-all kids.
anyone else see a pattern???!!11!
[deleted]
This, children, is what happens when you don't verify exactly what research chemical you're about to take, and just accept that the dude said "acid" so it must be LSD.
Or maybe you take the supposed acid anyway and trip out for a few hours. I took drugs to experience shit. Don't care if it was legit acid or not, I still felt something surreal.

no
I had walls turn into different landscapes, where I then zoomed in on a tree until I was viewing it on a molecular level, then two cows with boxing gloves threatened me because I was flying my bed in a tree. Salvia is one hell of a drug, and all I had to do is walk into a headshop and buy some...
Yep. Salvia was fucking scary. LSD was intense, but weird/awesome, not downright scary.
I loved all of my experiences with Salvia.  My friend had a bad couple trips but all of mine even then one where I was freaking out because I was turning into an E were great. 
I'm too drunk to understand this chicken
Trust me, no amount of soberness or intellect will help you out here. 
Hi.  My name is Joe..I've got a wife and three kids..I work in a button factory..One day, my boss came to me and said, "Joe..Are you with me?" I said, "No.".He said, "Turn the button with your right elbow."  Hi..My name is Joe..I've got a wife and three kids..I work in a button factory..One day, my boss came to me and said, "Joe..Are you with me?" I said, "No.".He said, "Turn the button with your left elbow."  Hi..My name is Joe..I've got a wife and three kids..I work in a button factory..One day, my boss came to me and said, "Joe..Are you with me?" I said, "No.".He said, "Turn the button with your right shoulder."  Hi..My name is Joe..I've got a wife and three kids..I work in a button factory..One day, my boss came to me and said, "Joe..Are you with me?" I said, "No.".He said, "Turn the button with your left shoulder."  Hi..My name is Joe....
How the fuck do you turn a button?
Well, thanks for taking me straight back to being about 10 years old..You dick.
LSD
It says "Hello. My name is Joe.".
and "are ya busy?" and.
"push this button" You messed it all up  
Not even close, you illiterate pleb
It's not "are you with me?" It's "are you busy?".
shit me
"Are you shit me?"

He kind of looks like Tyler the creator with a beard. 
And he did it several times, Jesus..Anywho, sounds like that Cuil theory shit.
I wanted to enjoy the story but I couldn't get past that. 
Normally that kind of thing would get on my nerves.  Not for this post.
I give you a hamburger.
The hamburger screams as I give you a hot dog bun.
The bun bursts into violet flames then turns into a newt
Newt falls down.
But it got better
You turn into a hamburger. Special sauce flies from your mouth. 
Special sauce falls down. 
Pick up mouth.
Small penis with herpes and aids walls in

5 Cuils?
This thread again. I thought there was a rule about no "Trivial GET posts".
Holy shit
The last 2 numbers of all of them were 30, 60, and 50. Take away the zeros and you have 3, 6, and 5, which is the amount of numbers in a year. 
Half life 3 confirmed.
Lel
That's real retarded...........................OP
.............................................
"Thy neck with wisdom swollen" had me rolling.
brilliant...just brilliant 
Instant classic
Too bad Aphrodite is pronounced 'Aphrodite-ee'
holy shit
probably unused/junk closet or second entrance to room.
No, it's a vital part of his battlestation. 
why the fuck is the screen sideways?
The door is in two parts, he only opens one. I've seen him answer that question.
portrait mode gets rid of all the Fuckin whitespace on either side of the content on most web pages
thats pretty smart actually
My dad has a 24" wide monitor and never zooms on webpages or tilts it it's so fucking annoying
Pretty nice for coding since you don't have to scroll to see everything.
looks like every single apartment ever made, same counter style, same color paint, same cabnets
What in the fuck...that looks just like MY uncles house. I'm just taking solace in the fact that he doesn't have any other nephews..
A = Things that happened
B = This.A - B == Reality
What board was that on?
I remember that thread.  That was fucking hilarious.
You only need one = here.
In programming, a single equals sign is for assignment and two is for boolean comparison.  The result of that expression would be true or false depending on whether or not you believe OP's post actually happened or not.
I want to believe
the horror of that realization...
Looks about normal to me.
How...and why would you need that
If you're serious
Oh boy... imagine the possibilities if this was true...
He's lying. That's an apartment I used to...
When I was in a fraternity there was this transfer student from another chapter that was kind of annoying; being that he was new and trying to prove himself to us, we challenged him to go to the sex store and buy the biggest, blackest dildo he could find as a joke. We didn't think he'd actually do it, but he would up coming back with one of these, the type that has a suction cup on one end so you can fasten it to the floor while it destroys your asshole/vag. For a few weeks we used it as a handle on the fridge (that fucking thing . fell off), but eventually we just started hiding it in each other's room as a prank. I can still remember the haunting smell of blueberries that fucking thing reeked of. My time spent in a fraternity was much gayer than most peoples.
Anon makes a strapping discovery
Cuddlefish 
If.Then.Confirmed story. Thanks.
Autism confirmed


I want to watch this and don't at the same time. Damn ye reddit mobile

Wait a minute. I recognise that horse penis. 

Oh wow, what is this from?.FIVE SECONDS LATER EDIT: Oh fuck me it's Firefly/Serenity.
Great comment, thanks for not deleting it


Welcome to the Internet 
Not on my Internet!
I'm an 18 year old girl who has cervical cancer, please donate bitcoins so I can one day afford an operation. The longer we wait the more the cancer spreads. Please donate, please help! 
Oh no! I'm so sorry for you. I must help you immediately. It would be faster if I just transfer money to your bank account. I'm going to need your full name, date of birth, account number, social security number, your mother's maiden name and your address. Just send all that to my inbox. I'm here for you friend. Anything you need.
Ok! Great thanks sooooooooo much! I just sent you a PM! :)
He needs to spend some more time with his aunt.

Ask them about it.
Underage B&

His cousins go on 4chan, they're ten. 
A good one I know of costs about 35 dollars

Ew, zoofur. Those guys are awful. 


Nigga you even heard of Mr Hands?
I didn't imply that at all./mu/ is shit
Then quit complaining that fake horse dick doesn't satisfy your cock loving eneds - and only a pleb would denounce the majesty of /mu/
I'll take one in cookies and cream 
Oh my gentle Jesus.
Oh my god that link
Or better yet that site... I can't stop laughing 
I have that site bookmarked. ._.
The colors on it are ridiculous
Cookies and cream 
Oh my god
Surprise me! As if getting a giant horse cock in the mail wasn't enough of a surprise.
Sorry for being a lesbian furry with a sex life. :/.  And I don't like the horse cocks as much as others.
No judgement here, I just found the "surprise me" option for the colors to be funny.
Challenge Accepted.

At times i look upon gifs like this and marvel at the variety of mankind...
nsfw that shit. even if im just sitting at home some stupid faggot might think its a good idea to look at . at work.
retards deserve their fate
It's a thread about horse strap-ons, what would they expect?
like... are you autistic or something?
I don't know what I expected.
Is that a guy?
no, its a fat, hairy chick sticking that thing in her ass...
If its a chick, no problem.
MY ASS..MY ASS, IT HURTS.
Trying to figure out if you should be turned on or not?
Yes, i did not get boner. I should be glad..
then that stupid faggot doesn't deserve the internet at work, or even a job

[deleted]
I don't even...
Well that's not something I expected to see today. 
God, I could gap to this.
I don't even regret watching that. I've officially had too much internet.
That...that can't happen.  His insides are going to fall out of his bottom.
OH MY GOD.

I am done here. Fuck this.

_

how does that not destroy his intestines? 
That's not the worst I've seen.  I saw a video once where a woman took a whole ornate bedpost.  
CHRIST..WHY
why not? or, the glory of satan.
'Oh my gentle Jesus'.I'm using this forever.
It's from a movie or something, somewhere. I've been saying it for years
Austin Powers is as early as I can date it.
I read it as "Jungle Jesus" at first.  I'm going to say THAT forever.
ah, yeah, that sounds right
You should probably learn to read then.
don't tell me what to do, faggot.
What are you going to do? Tell your mom about the mean guy who told you to learn how to read? Or are you going to be like the other 90% of these autistic idiots and downvote me?
What the fuck did you just fucking say to me, you little bitch?
you bet your sweaty cunt i'm going to downvote you. 
Yeah,suck it...guy!
"Gentle Jesus, meek and mild." .You may also want to consider adding "the cow jumped over the moon" to your forever phrases.
An anonymous person said it on the internet so it must be true.
I recognize that sarcastic tone...you're my uncle. 
I hate you for making me see the truth. You can't take away from me the tears of laughter still on my cheeks!
Thanks for pointing that out. It's not like every other faggot says this in other comments. 
The stories and information posted here are artistic works of fiction and falsehood. Only a fool would take anything posted here as fact.
Except this one isn't interesting on any level if it isn't true.

No offense but the whole 4chan/Reddit aspie autistic thing is getting really old. It's just not funny anymore.
The whole internet is just one overused joke after another.
Wait, it was actually meant to be funny in the first place? 
Not .You newfag. 
You should work on reading comprehension, because I was referring to a long running insult about autism. I did not state that I believe such a thing..EDIT: Your other posts state that Russian is your first language.
Yup, confirmed newfag. You may have referred to it but you still failed to realize that the statement is referring to the random board on 4chimmychangas
Uhhhhh... Okay, I have no idea what you are trying to say, so either I'm an idiot or you are.
Agreed. Autistics were rarely even funny in the first place because their brand of humor is unrelatable to normal people, plus they can't take a joke. They need to get the fuck off the internet.
Autist here. Not always the case, but your right for the most part
So I guess grammar isn't your superpower. What is it? Math?
FUCK. I'm usually pretty good with that. As for the power, writefagging.
we hurt your aspie feelings?
No, they're fine.
engage feelings sheild
What are you? Autistic?
[deleted]
Retard status confirmed
I agree.
So uhhhh, about these horsecock strapons....
Where can I order one?

Read the two reviews.

kekekekkekek
 Close enough?.Nevermind . like 30 seconds later
So that's in my amazon history now
Makes me glad I opened it in incognitus.
incognegro.
Summer
N-no homo
Why would it be homo, are you a horse?
equestrasexual?
Use google
It just seems wrong Googling "horsecock strapon"... 
but you guys are experts on these things, I need professional advice

You're . too knowledgeable about this

I worked with a few furries while in the military 
I'm more interested in how it escalated into you learning about horse dildos - how did that happen? Was it like, casual chat or were your peers shoving it in your face?
yeah well... it started with me asking about the stuff I saw on MTV and CSI was true or complete bull. any way a few weeks later the cutter I was station on was in Seattle for dockside(some what like dry-dock) and one of the women told me they where going to a club that the "local" meet up rented out so I went. around midnight in the morning a few people where in the suits and one of them had the dildo built into the suit. 
Former Coast Guard? I think you're the first from the service I've met on this site, good to see one
what... what is a cumtube?
I have no clue I just googled the name of the website and found it
From the website:
Cumtubes are a silicone tube cast down the center of the toy, used for injecting lubricant (such as our Cumlube) to simulate a hot, sticky orgasm.
Ebay
In the used section? Got it!
 is not 4chan
It's not even the 4chan of Reddit
?
It would be a combination of subreddits.
Too bad . is gone


No horsemo
Any mainstream store like sears or macys has them. You have to talk to the cosmetics department.  You'll need to be descriptive, of course, as they have many styles.  
Also, Wal-Mart.
BadDragon?
i know a dump of baddragon (female) videos exists...i just dont know where
 You're welcome
i'll put this in rfunny
oh ho hoooo.....
Well, that was a website I immediately regret googling.
Its not even bad nub
Says the faget that said nub
Pfff, casual. 
Relevant username for this thread
/mlp/ denizen confirmed
Not since the hugbox revolution
Yo.
Present.
Oh, jesus, fuck off.
Thank you, that whole relevant username thing is annoying and pisses me off
Watched Detropia the other day. Pretty crap.
I've always wondered, are there such things as wealthy black neighborhoods that are filled with black people?
Damn.. that's a good question.
This wasn't even meant to be some sort of racist rhetorical question, I'm just genuinely curious if somewhere out there in the U.S., there is a rich neighborhood where blacks are the overwhelming majority.  I'm almost positive you can find one like this with Asians or mestizos in America, but I've never known for sure if there were any black ones like this.  
There actually was one, somewhere out west, but one day in the 1920's or something, a black guy from the town accidentally stepped on a white woman's foot, so a huge honkey militia formed and razed the entire town..It's a true story, look it up
I know what you're . and that was majorly fucked up. Still, you would think that nearly a hundred years later there would be at least one wealthy black neighborhood. 
I live near Detroit and there are rich cities with black people, but only after they "took over" white cities/increased crime rate and lowered price of houses,driving white people out. It happened to downtown Detroit starting with the riots, and has moved to other cities like Farmington Hills and Livonia. .Niggers. Whattaya gonna do.
Jay Z's house.
I said a neighborhood, not one man's house. 
lel racism
8 Mile
8 Mile and Robocop; all others are superfluous. 
Detroit Rock City
I would fire bomb his house for shooting my dog.
"Look, a dog! Maybe we should put it back in the car or have the owner quickly tie it to a pole or something?" 'NAH, LET'S FUCKING PEPPERSPRAY IT LOL.' -- 'AHH IT'S ATTACKING ME AND I DON'T KNOW WHY FUCKING SHOOT IT!' -- 'IT WAS SELF DEFENSE I SWEAR IT WAS UNPROVOKED AND HAD RABIES!' "The dog didn't have any form of disease that would impair it's physical or mental funtion." 'IT WAS SELF DEFENSE!' "You peppersprayed it." 'WELL THE OWNER WAS BEING ARRESTED AND-" 'It's not illegal to video tape Cops.' "...SHUT UP!"
Die
Why? Let's not all by cynical ass holes and understand that it was SELF DEFENSE. .Op is still a faggot though.
If you watched it you'd know it wasn't even mildly self defense. The dog was on a leash and stopped being aggressive. Also, its not illegal to film police. So fuck them and anyone who defends them. Die. 
If they respected the law it wouldn't be a problem
You didn't even watch the video did you the dog was going to attack him and the way it acted it was showing that it would have.
Police have no right to shoot an unarmed person that maybe takes a half-hearted swing at them. Why is it different for a dog?.
You obviously haven't seen many dog attacks or know much about dogs in general to know when a dog is in "I'm gonna hurt you" mode and not merely defense mode. If the dog was out to cause serious damage, its behaviour and speed/ferocity of attack would be completely different. Just by there being a group of cops (multiple perceived threats) the dog would already automatically switch to defense mode, not even taking every other variable in the video into consideration. All in all the shooting was out of line.
In addition one of the cops peppersprayed it.
Wah wah animal rights.
For starters I have seen what dogs can do and the dog came out towards the cops and was acting in a weird way. If it was defensive it would have not gotten near the cops at all it would have kept its distance also if you actually watched the video which you most likely didnt the dog growled before it jumped up at the cop. Anyone would have done the same thing if they were in the position that the cop was in, also a gun is much quicker to use then mace or a tazer which the cop had very limited time considering he used his gun when the dog was already jumping on him.
Are you retarded? Its owner was under attack as far as it was concerned. It didn't want to get in that situation, but it did because of loyalty.
"It's easier to take out a gun so that makes it ok" - ok, dumbass.
It is easier to take out a gun and to shoot then it is to take out a tazer and shoot, also a tazer would have done nothing when the dog is already jumping at you. The owner provoked the cops and put the dog in the situation so the cops aren't at fault you can try to make up bull shit all you want your just wrong in the end and you know it.
Your retarded there's plenty of videos of cops tasering attacking or aggressive animals so i dont know were you got the idea that animal are immune to electricity he handled it wrong simple as that 
They had enough time to do it, this dog was already on the person before they could get a taser.

The dog was on a leash that no one was holding moron 
He never said anyone was holding it, he just said it was on a leash. .Technicalities. 
Oh my god...I didn't even realize this was about the dog thing..Yea...well now I sound like a faggot for going back on my word, but that was really really bad. If anyone killed my dog I would track them down and torture them....I must downvote myself in shame
I wonder what hydrogen peroxide does to semen, it burninates the bejeezus out of the proteins in blood so logically it could do some work on the proteins in semen. 
Bro, semen goes away after15 mins, i shoul know.

Is semen nutritious?
Well its got 7 calories of salty smelling goodness 
Semen whitens teeth
And prevents Alzheimers (apparently, according the the National Office of False Scientific Studies).

Why the fuck would anyone have buttermilk in their room?
Because they go on /b/
why the fuck do they cum on their rug? does anyone use socks anymore?

When I was a kid I used to jerk off laying on my back on the floor and it was so much easier to just turn on my side and eject my semen onto the floor than it was to break my stride and ready a sock to play catch the tadpoles.
Best ads/papercrane
Moot is a genius. 
Oh wow you go to 4chans too?!
Hopefully you can get a screenshot when they advertised r/gaming on /v/

Where are the fedoras?
Putting ponies on /v/ is $20 well spent.
Does anybody have a screenshot of the banner calling Moot a greedy jew?
I posted it yesterday. 
Yeah, OP is all of /pol/. Had to fuck up a great post with your shitty title.
True story
Sadly something like this WILL be made some years from now.
I haven't been this sad since G Baby died at the end of hardball.
That... was... merciless...
Sequel please.
Lost it at the end.
Feel good comedy of the year!
The sad part is that this sounds like it could be a real move.
What? Like the entire bullet, propellant and casing?
Did you not read the part about his knuckle tattoos?
It is one of those child killer rounds, the bullet is actually another time delayed cartridge that fires again inside of the target.
His eyebrows (_`)
They make his face so punchable.
BET Award for best film. 
NBC already wrote this.
Slim charles ain't even mad
I've always heard that you can catch more flies with honey than vinegar..OP:
what is life
Can anyone actually translate wtf was happening? What was this person trying to do????
why
Tfw dead with laughter
Damn niggers.... 
omg I'm at work and can't stop laughing. everyone is staring at me. This is too funny
Did the thread stop there? I actually can't stop laughing.
Yeah, except for someone asking wtf happened

T(autistic)NB
This is 4chan art
what
The best part was watching how /b/ reacted to it. 
Here are the videos OP posted:
What... what is this.
what .the   .fuck
What in the actual fuck... Is this funny?
So funny it will be in a ylyl thread soon
Seems about right
That last one about the knife made my head hurt.
pic is of a Gerber Gator machete. proud owner of one
Gerber is awesome.  I have a . from them.  
wat
Where the hell are you not allowed to have a survival knife? I take my machete everywhere I camp
Best $20 machete I've ever owned
Definitely bring it, who is going to argue with a dude packing a machete?
Anita Sarkeesian
I bet you that OP is the last response in the thread and included all of the shit responses because he wanted to show us all how much he liked this twice.
God, that movie was terrible.
Niggas need to stop making this thread
This is by far the best thread I have ever seen to anything.
We've sure gotten a lot of use out of that image though.
Surely the shit would hit the floor then flow out and reach the girl but if not dig down below the shit and to her
This post is a waterfall of shit
Take a umbrela, bitch slap the bitch, then return with umbrela. Magic.

and then waited for a year before he posted it here.
Like fine wine, reposts get better with age.
Put a brazzers sign on it.
Umbrella?
would this kill a bird?
I really hope that wasn't chocolate because that bird would most definitely be dead now.
The bird's from a movie, it's not real..Link: 
Now it's a lot less funny :C
Damnit!!! I was lied to all the time. I thought this was real and the bird died.
IRL yes it would though. 
You new?

...glad to hear that op!
"The stories and information posted here are artistic...".No fucking shit it's not true you absolutely moron. Why the fuck is this so difficult to understand? 

Pointing out a small typo, what a great comeback.
You must be new to the internet.
What if the penis hole actually swallowed the cherry?
This cancer is thread.
So? Make all the characters sloths, problem solved.
Out of that entire thread and sloths this is all you got? Jesus step it up man.
[deleted]
fuck yea EDN.
Wait, they have . on the team?
...I would buy a game about sloths.
That would be absolutely terrible. I love sloths as much as the next guy, but how would they fit into a game? 
Not if it was the Mayan Rampage we were promised. A world where the sloths have gone rabid and learn to fly and devour everyone's SOUL.
They'd slot nicely into any genre.
FTFY
That was the joke man
Hush my sweet
I would play 
Someone make this a mod. 
Dumb fuck could have done the redbox trick.
Well this is unrealistic. You see a black guy tackle a kid and arrest the kid. Unless the cops were black. 

I worked in a video game shop as an xmas temp when Skyrim came out. Like a normal person I had brought it online and had been playing it for the entire week. On one shift I was working with this guy who had also been employed for the season. He had a wife and kid, and really wanted Skyrim but couldn't afford it. We were talking about it, and I was telling him all about how great it was. About an hour later, the manager calls me aside saying that he had to fire the guy as he was caught trying to steal a brand new copy he had hidden in his bag (They used metal detectors every time we finished our shift to make sure we weren't stealing y'see). Kind of felt responsible for talking him into it... Then I got all of his shifts.   
coolstorybro
Would have been better if he was caught and taken to be executed and alduin appeard
thepiratebay.se

How does this god-awful shit get upvoted
he used to be a gamer like us, until he took a pavement to the face.
I lol'd 
Lel
Leave us the FUCK ALONE
LMAO

expand
Stop.
criminal scum etc
YOU SHOULD HAVE PAID THE FINE
Skyrim, in a nutshell.
"You slaughtered 20 men, it's nap time for you"
More like 
yea, employees are not supposed to try, and stop you in any way, in fact the employee would get fired, and if the employee caused any damage a suit against game stop would sure as shit be warranted, cus an injury is worth more than a video game.
Bonus points if the kid could swing it as a "Hate Crime" because the black guy started spouting jungle music when he tackled the white guy.
Yeah right, police see black guy chasing you, they gonna arrest him and not bother with you. 
Probably shoot his dog too. 
Shoot
I stand by my grammar. 
I stand by your choice and honor you with a bear waiting in Valhalla.  
he could have just said he was the tax paying employee and the black guy was the thief disguised as a working citizen. 
I mean honestly, what other conclusion could you possibly draw from that picture?
I like how anon's thinking here.
I... wait, fucking what?
9/10 .would turn into puppy again
"Fire cannot kill a dragon.".It is known.
What does mulatto mean?
I wouldn't know what to talk about in a Sauna. Without knowing any rules, I would have kept my mouth shut.
swedish eurofags. claim they have "viking blood." yea okay. i'd love to have another swedish girl complain about how feminine swedish men are
Bullshit. Do you know how many dovah I have killed with firebolts? Learn2Destruction, faggot.
lol
lskar't
So passive aggressive. Afraid to get your ass beat?
the only time i talked to guys in the sauna was when we were all in there post workout trying to sweat out everything in our system for drug tests. we had a good laugh then went back to sweating our balls off in trashbags.
Oh great, Swedish people hate us now? ...for fucks sake...
Yeah I'm sure that happened.
I've been to Sweden a few times. All the men there keep comparing themselves to Americans. You'd think they'd have better things to do.
Wow, is this really how fucking stupid 4Chan was? Shit, I guess it's time to unsub. 
LAME
I think americans are cunts too. Twist, I'm american and think most people born/raised here are garbage. What the fuck is wrong with us?
someone should cross post this to game of thrones
"Plebs" = upbot
Gay
So I guess I need to check out a Swedish sauna at some point in my life.
This sub has turned into another reddit circlejerk.
go into a cramped room with a bunch of naked sweaty dudes?  meh, y'all eurofags can keep that shit
Go team viking
Steam you now care a shit-ton about, but you assholes let Jews be gassed during WW2. Fucking weirdos.
This isn't funny or notable.
 much?

TIL fat is a race.
Fucking top notch. I love this!
Hi, I'm an American and I approve this message.
Ah, this was the best thread I had seen all afternoon.
OP speaks the truth.
Source?
Be Swedish
This is a lot funnier if you picture the two bros as Toki and Skwisgaar.
Being swedish sucks... you swede's and your Jente law...  F that
Not sure if this implies that the guy who got married in the end was actually American too.
We share our deepest secrets in sauna and if something is bothering someone it can be washed off by visiting a sauna. I've never had more deep and meaningful discussions anywhere else than in sauna, even with almost/total strangers and I think that's the beauty of it. In Finland at least.
I was going to post a comment of how cool I am for being a Finnish guy with lots of experience with sauna but then I saw the OPs name. 
My Scandinavian heritage just said, Fuck Yeah..Now shut the fuck up, and put more water on...
Whats the temp in Celsius in average Swede public sauna? Finnfag here, just intrested. 
[deleted]
I'm Swedish too.and Somalian.
80-110 celsius inside those I've have been too.
we're clearly too edgy
naked?
Skert lngt under medeltemperatur i finsk bastu.
_
It would be pretty cool if every time you made a comment like this, someone shot a dove.
I actually drown a kitten each comment like this.
swedish sauna = gay orgy
The guy played Far Cry 3: Blood Dragon.
What the fuck are you talking about?
Or read GOT :/
Fire can't kill blood dragons but it attracts them you fucking pile of dust.
Yeah but what the fuck, fire hasn't been able to kill dragons since forever. It's not like Far Cry was first with that concept. If anything, I think OP got this from Game of Thrones.
Not in Runescape, and Runescape is always right. Remember that.
Half white you racist bastard!
now people cry that mulatto is a racist term itself
Saunas are for fags
What? Are you afraid of them? 
well said snibbedy snab :--DDDDD
what do you have that is so manly that you sweat naked in a roon with other men then? its only gay if you make it
Only an American could think that naked sweaty men lining up is gay.
ELD KAN INTE DDA EN DRAKE
Goddamn snooty europeans
Gayest thing I've read all day.
well how about your gay ass complaining?
lol
Not all Americans are fat and retarded. Only a select group. :(
69% and growing. .Sauce: 
which is 99% and you might be of a selective few, the 1%
just go.
It just so happens this select group is 80% of the people.

Ruotsalaiset on kaikki homoja!
Ngon som vet vad finnen sger? Sger han att han r bg?

Ja..Klla: jag kan finska.
So is this like the second most victorious moment in Swedish history?
What would be the first?
The Battle of Breitenfeld
I fucking love the Swedish, they're fucking awesome.
How about Finland?
Tackar mjukast!
Yes.
Se dr, nnu en som underkastat sig vr rorika nation. M s ske vid Frejas skna tuttar att danskjveln likas faller i hans spr, detta snarast. 
Det kommer aldrig til at ske, din fjeldabe
h du din fhund. Tig om du vill sttas p plats av dina vermnniskor.
dra t helvete danskjvel!
Jeg hader dig, IKEA og kdboller
Och vad har ni? Plser? Jovars, nog r det s ni danskpojkar vill ha det, massa korv i munnen. 
Stryk det, vi skall icke fraternisera med dansken, dansken skall utrotas till fullo.
Nvl broder, mycket lttare r det att slakta ett fr som knner tillit till en. Lt de leva i detta stadium tills vill inte lngre knner fr deras tjnster.
Kliar som fan i rven. 
Look at these fags speaking non-American
Hiljaa, naapurit keskustelee.
I'm also experienced the joy of relaxing in a sauna while everyone around me complains about how it's "hot as fuck" in here. Yes, moron, that's the point.
What happened to green texts being funny? 
What happened to faggots complaini-.Oh wait, they still do that.
that was never a thing.
"It's like a sauna in here."

Butthurt amerifag spotted.
[deleted]
U mad brah?
[deleted]
Are they? Well thank god im not British then!
Brk brk brk.
Are you going to move there after you get your PhD in atheism?
All I learned from this thread is how ethno-centric so much of Europe is...
and how the swedes are a bunch of pussies. 
Keep in mind that a couple of generations ago, europeans were massacring each other by the millions. There are people alive today who lived during those times and even participated in the savagery themselves, and their shitty offspring passed on their shitty values to their own shitty offspring, which should explain this shitty thread.
Oh I'm aware, I'm Belgian myself. I live in America now, but I'd never say I have anything against Germans or Hollanders (well they do call fries "Patat" [potato] which is silly, grrr, Holland) and I don't feel the need to attack anyone from another nation. I just keep seeing these posts about how Europe is perfect and Americans are shite when both sides of the pond are infested by fucking awful traits. And holy shit don't mention the racism against gypsies or muslims, no no, it's different over there. They're all . bad people, unlike them blacks, they were just the victims of society and you were the culprits. And then other Americans here just eat that shit up thinking "Haha, they're not saying anything bad about .. It's all those . stupid people, I agree, America sucks".It's just like, what the fuck is going on? We're fucking online, why are pretending our nationalities even matter? 
To a degree, I really understand about Gypsies. It's not that they aren't given a chance to integrate into the other culture, it's that they don't want to. Any who wanted to, aren't Gypsies anymore, they're (insert nationality here). 
Gypsies are the cancer of society. 
Replace the word gypsie with nigger, still works. If you're born into gangbanger/nigger/gypsie/gigolo/omicronian society you're stuck with that, maybe racism is the wrong word, although gypsies do tend to be of a certain race. But the point still stands, if you grow into a white family in a suburban neighborhood with parents who are abusive or just terrible people others will sympathize with you. Grow up a gypsie and they'll clutch their wallet. Hell look at the response to your comment and tell me that they have an equal chance. .We still have an issue with blacks in America, more blacks are in jail because cops are more likely to arrest black people because statistically blacks commit more crimes because their upbringing was poor because their father was arrested because cops are more likely to arrest black people because... The problem is recognized, and efforts are made to fix it. America still has a racial problem, which is why we're so careful about the race issue. Europe has similar issues, but is 50 years behind in that regard. They'd rather deport them than learn to live with them. This is an issue that can only be fixed by improving the education of the communities affected, this is an issue old as time itself, and it has always and will always be solved by integration. Integration cannot happen unless they're accepted by what they're trying to integrate into. .Maybe I'm being idealistic, but I think there's a much better solution than just dismissing every gypsie as "cancer" 
The swedish can go sucks balls for all I care, YOUR MEATBALLS SUCK ASSHOLES AND NO ONE OTHER THAN YOU GIVES A SHIT ABOUT SAUNA ETTIQUETTE.
Europeans are ethno-centrics.Americans are rude cunts..And you are a little bitch.
Sg det till Finland din dumme fan. Kom inte hit och snacka skit din frstoppade brittjvel.
You mad eurofag? How's that google translate working for you?
hllkften (shut up)
Wind it in you bonce (fuck off).
Nudity fearing Americans would get shocked in Finnish changing rooms. Old people have no shame.
They are scared that they might like what they see.
American from the city here, old ass Mexican dudes used to use the showers at our local park totally naked..No longer shocked.
Go to any swimming pool in America, enter the male showers, and you will see naked old guys..I will grant you that Americans can be squeemish about nudity, but in certain settings it is excepted.
I think it's the same everywhere, old people just like swinging their balls around.
You should come to Finland for some real saunas, not the lame swedish ones that won't even heat up properly
Russia tops you. 
Yes but since the rest of us nordics can barely handle a Finnish sauna any americans would probably vaporize if they went inside. So this story is actually realistic in terms of saunas.
Shoot, it broke 50 C here today. I really don't need a Sauna.
its never too hot for some sauna!
nah your saunas are shit, Balt black sauna is way better and stronger
... they are the same.
[deleted]
Sweden is a part Scandinavia proper btw. I'm not sure what you're alleging. 
Have you ever been to a real sauna in Finland? Not some crappy public one. Now that's the stuff.
Hottest sauna I was ever in was on the Viking Line on the way to Helsinki. Bunch of 19 year old Finns made it retardedly hot. 
Sounds sexy.
Maybe it was retartedly hot for you, and if it is too hot you either go down or leave, the one throwing the water can make it as hot as he likes, but he also has to be able to bear it himself. 
Wow, that most definitely isn't the rule.
[deleted]
Been visiting public saunas all over Finland because of my hobby.  Mostly western but very much northern ones too since my wife's family is from up there, but I've never met anyone who would start heating up the sauna to the level that someone would have to leave. If anything, I think people are really careful about it and the temperature is pretty low in saunas, at least to my taste.
Oh well, we have had alot different experiences then, because the times i have gone to a public sauna someone usually heats it up. ( but i have to admit that i dont go to a public ones so often )
Are there any benefits, or what are the motivations to go to saunas?
More relaxing than anything I know by far. 
Kills bacteria. 
Relaxing and somewhat healthy. Don't overdo it from bravado, that has an opposite result.
Sweat your ass off. Good for your skin.
Feelsgoodman
No, everything we Finns do ever so slightly better than the Swedish equivalent..Funny how that works.

Say that to Tuuka Rask's face faggot.
something something Stanley Cup 
IMO Rask was not the problem the Bruins' had during that series.
SHHH
haaaaah
Old Americans have no shame either. OP is talking about the younger dudes who can be less than secure in saunas.
0_0 ymca dressing rooms. So many old people. Naked. Chatting with eachother. neveragain.jpg
Why do you mind so much? It is a dressing room, it is acceptable to be there naked.
It's not that their are getting dressed. It is that whilst they are naked they will start up conversations with eachother. Sometimes they will want to air out so they will stick one of their legs onto a bench which makes it more awkward. If they were temporarily naked while they were changing that is fine. But they just stand there.
What is wrong about having a chat while naked?
it's weird.
I swear, it's always the YMCA.
Even in Canada. It's like a sacred YMCA code that you have to be naked if your ballsack hangs below your knees.

The Original version of this story happen in Finnish sauna with Swedish guests moaning about the heat...
Got a link?
Swedefaggs always trying to take Finlands place...not happening on my watch
it's okay finland you are relevant too./your swedish masters
De har ingen makt ver oss
[deleted]
you realize of course that the swedish version is a much more accurate representation of the "original" lucia?
No one cares about being original...
S jvla pk
[deleted]
It's probably also why the Finnish are some of the most xenophobic and racist people I've ever come across.
I can't believe you would post that ridiculous joke of an article. 300 people rioting? Are you kidding me? A couple of lowlifes convinced some kids to light cars on fire and smash local stores. This is not multicultarulism failing when 99.9% of the affected people in these so called "riots" are immigrants themselves. If the people in these suburbs got their hands on the people responsible for fucking their cars and stores up blood would be spilled. These are dumb kids doing hit and run vandalism who disappear as soon as the cops show up, and they call it a riot of 300 people.
its simple we all just assume that rich and powerful people know what the punishment would be landmark dependent boats on Lake Hylia etc. This may have come off as a first step for a second thought I called the police retreating when people needed help especially in the water waiting to get into his car smashed into a rant...
That was the point..Sweden has fuck itself over so bad that some basic traditions are being interpreted as racist, like the "Svenska nationaldag". Also, I'm originally from Denmark, so I mostly laugh at how Swedes handle this stuff.
I really don't give a shit about our "offical" national day. Midsommar is the true national day.
[deleted]
This was great, thanks for the links!
Rttvisan har sin gng.

oh, come on! You don't speak a foreign language on an english board, it's rude.
Don't think its specified it's english anywhere really. The thread was about Swedish guy and this guy wrote in Swedish.
Skl, broder.
American*, I got downvoted for saying 'lorry' instead of 'truck' once.

Dinhga dunga durgen 
....FUS R DH !!!
Dda dig sjlv!
Jag brukade fus ro dah som du, men d jag tog en pil till knet..lololol
FOS R DA!.FTFY, unswede.
Du menar vll: OSTKAKA!
My portuguese sense is telling me you said "You mean this: FUS ROH DAH in swedish"
Nope.
I said: "Don't you mean: Cheesecake!".It kinda sounds the same (but not quite).
Relevant: 
Glory to Arstotka.

Only english here but I have to know how this works, is it some sort of induction heating system that ends up propelling the metal down?.Endast engelska hr, men jag mste veta hur detta fungerar, r det ngon form av induktion vrmesystem som hamnar driver metallen ner?
The gif is just sped up. The metal falls because they cut the power..Original video: 
Upprst-GIFs gillar inte i ..
The chunk of metal is magnetized, so the coil both allows it to levitate and induction heats it up. Once it reaches the curie point (when the polarity of the atoms in a magnetized metal can not stay lined up) it is no longer repulsed by the coil and falls. 
It almost says it anyways? Fucking hell. Kioskmongo.
Nah, it just sounds pretty close the the tuguese translation.
Detta var d droppen. Om det icke var s att de stora haven skiljer oss t skulle vi vikingar ta dina kvinnor likas vi tog Britannias. Ni har d Gudarnas tur med er nr danskjveln ligger i vr vg till er. 

Fine by me as long as a fellow viking is ruling the thread
Har ngon verkligen varit lngt ven som beslutat att anvnda ens g vill gra ser mer ut?
Dude that was aweful! 

ah that old kangaroo... 
Mycket bra sverige

Hahaha it's like . for Sweden. Even though I can't read, this shit is so entertaining. 
What the hell just happened?

Wtf Belarus?
[deleted]
I'm not sure I get it.  Is that a city with a lot of immigrants or something?
Oh gawd...that's gold.
Yeah - the ususal Euro whine about culture identity remove kebab/niggurz etc
I also love 
No more Bullshittings!

Having had some twenty Italianos in a sauna shouting I can relate to this..I did exactly the same but they withstood it and called me names. They were bloody children, it was like babysitting..Sauna is silence or civilized talking. Laughing is okay but it has to be in the limits of (Finnish) predetermined cultural acceptability.
Listen to this guy, that's how you sauna 
Although when you are somewhere with 20 other people yelling, and you tell them to stop you are in the minority.
I wasn't, none of the Finns liked the excessive shouting etc. I would have had no problem if they were a tad less vocal..They were there to learn of the Finnish culture, not shout.
Are all northern Europeans unsociable pricks that think they are better than everyone else? Or is that just a 4chan thing?.That's all I'm trying to figure out.
If you pulled that from my text then I congratulate you on your ability to create bullshit from nothing.
You're supposed to be in there naked, and be hot as hell. Putting water on the hot stove and whirling the towel around and make everyone super hot is part of it. If you sauna right, you don't even think of having a loud conversation with someone because of how fucking hot it is..Idiots don't know what a sauna really is, it's not just a steamy room for sweaty faggots to hang out in.
I absolutely agree with you on the last part but like expected I do have to disagree with the first..The Finnish sauna in it's tradition is at its best at (summer, winter is awesome as hell, too) cottages. You are supposed to be there with family or close friends. This enhances the moment..Nudity is a part of the Finnish sauna, too. It's not a place where you look at penises. You don't make remarks of other people's bodies. All enjoy sauna..Usually men and women go at different times, usually women first. Boys with men and girls with women. Even though families should be able to go to sauna together men and women are still humans and sexual tension isn't what we are looking for..The optimal temperature is around 90-110 degrees Celsius, in my humble opinion. Some only go to 80 but in reality the differenece is barely noticeable from 80 to 90 but it makes a huge difference to go from 90 to 80. How warm (yes, warm) the sauna should be also hugely depends on the sauna and where you sit. Not all are created equal..It's true, in sauna you don't really talk much, it's about relaxing and enjoying the view (if possible) of the Finnish archipelago or the hundreds of lakes in Finland, the warmth that encloses your body and feeling good about the moment. If you have beverages, only beer is accetable as a sauna drink in civilized conditions but in the name of the good spirit sodas are accetable for children under the age of 10 or so. Also, if someone else doesn't drink anything it's usually of better character to only drink while chilling outside in towels and sharing if other good friends are without drinks. Trust me, beer is the only drink suitable for sauna. No, no vodka, no ciders, this is not a party, it's sauna..Talking in sauna MUST be civilized and quiet. You are in no hurry to speak. You relay your thoughts and the other person listens. Then it's the other person's time to say what hn feels about the subject..What is talked about doesn't really have much restrictions but it must be done civilized without raising your voice. It's not about what but about how. Pretending is also heavily frowned upon, no fake laughter, no fake words, no fake agreeing. Respect the sauna and it's spirit. Inside the sauna you are all more friends than on the outside..But really, no talking is necessary in sauna..These are my opinions of sauna but I do think they represent the general mindset of Finnish male population. 
Erm, how about water? I would much rather drink some water in a sauna instead of a beer. Even then, I'd rather just be well hydrated and then go in without drinking anything. I'm not really out to break any records so I'd just go and be inside for a while and go out when it's getting too much..I would think this concept of not talking much goes with the idea that you're not supposed to do much while you're in there; it's really hot and dehydrating, and for all you know someone might suffer a heat stroke if they're not feeling well that day. I guess having loud conversations is just more stressful and detracts from the calm atmosphere. Plus if someone's having trouble with the heat it would be rude to mouth off non stop and instead pay attention to how everyone is doing. It is pretty damn hot in there, you never know if it affects someone in a bad way so one should show a lot of courtesy in there (similar to when doing dangerous sports like rock climbing, diving etc. in a group, it's really bad form not to look out for one another in that situation)..It makes sense in that respect but I wasn't aware that it's a big cultural thing as well. I don't know what it is with some people, when I'm in a sauna I'm really not in the mood to have big discussions with people or generally do anything other than sit my ass down and just be quiet..I haven't done the running out and jumping butt naked into the snow yet, would like to know what that's like..edit: talking loudly in an environment with strangers that isn't a social setting is generally pretty rude (e.g. on the train, in a waiting room somewhere etc.) so it makes sense to extend it to saunas as well.
Dehydrated, in a sauna, mate, what?.And who said anything about drinking because you are dehydrated. Do you go to parties and drink alcohol because you are dehydrated? Really? Good luck, then..If you need water you can drink that while you take a cold shower before going back in. Water is not a drink. It's sustenance. .Hot and dehydrating? Yeah, if you go 120 and above, then it's hot and dehydrating. (Under 75 it's cold, 80-110 warm.) Or if your sauna sucks because it's supposed to be humid in sauna, it's not a desert. The humidity keeps you from drying..And seriously, if you are in danger of suffering a heart stroke you don't go to a sauna. In extreme sports you are responsible for yourself, and sauna is not extreme sports (unless you compete, in which case it can be deadly). Maybe the abundance of saunas in Finland affects my opinion but as we (and Russians, I must admit) are the first to use saunas we have some say in how they should function. If someome gets hurt, of course we help. But it's your own responsibility to make sure you don't get hurt. You can always leave a sauna very easily so that's not a problem. If you can't take the heat you leave or you are just stupid..Sauna and snow is pretty damn awesome! I was a pussy for a long time for not doing it but it's not even cold. I had done ice swimming before no problem but somehow I had always avoided snow. Then my little brother did it so I had to, too.
There's some weird Finnish vs. Italian hate flying in this discussion.
I don't even hate Italians, I just have bad memories of that single night..They were and are good and nice people, I enjoyed their company and had fun with them, this was just about the sauna culture (the other tuumaustauko thing is just me (and others in my group) being an ass as it wasn't that bad..Also, Italy is a beautiful country! 
[deleted]
You have to follow the sacred sauna traditions.
Meh, you weren't there.
QQ 
Yeah, I hate Cambodian saunas.
Edgy
69edgy420me9/11
That's gangsta.
This kills any semblance of poster's intelligence.

Italians are just the fucking worst in any setting.
Cooking.
I agree. And I'm Italian. Just shut up, people!
As a half-Italian, I concur.
Except tourism, . are quite bad. .Although the Chinese will soon overtake you.
 ... FTFY
All that lead piping steadily created a breed of retards
Weird thing about this.. I always felt the same until I went to Italy where they seem to neutralise eachother and they're surprisingly pleasant..
Except tourism, . are quite bad. .Although the Chinese will soon overtake you.

Vast majority of Reddit is from US, so my implication is statistically sound.
And yet still incorrect in this case, not to mention that a quick search also tells you that slightly less than half the reddit users are actually from the US, so you're also incorrect there..
You have proven unworthy of further attention.
There are three times as many users from US than from the second most popular country.
We are sorry for bugging you, you fucking bitch. Whine some more.
My dad has always told me we were of Sicilian descendance....earlier this year we discovered our complete genealogic tree and...well...we're from the same little town south of Montreal since the 1700s and we have no Italian ancestry whatsoever.Oh the relief!.( >implying being quebecer is not just as shitty as being italian)
There goes your chances with the ladies
He can get himself a nice frumpy Newfoundland woman. 
And only then will he be deemed worthy of being entombed in maple syrup and entering canadian heaven in the same manner as his ancestors.
So you're not a cantaloupe, then? 
If you thought you were Sicilian and you weren't proud then its a good thing you aren't. I'm proud of my heritage
Its hard to be proud of a culture you dont know. I have nothing against Sicily or Italy, beautiful place and all, but there's so much stereotypes against Italians that learning you're not one is a relief (especially since theres already so much against French and Canadians)
I never really looked at it that way, good point. Though alot of Sicilians will tell you they're not Italian and don't want to be called one (different people, different language, all that stuff), the stereotypes are somewhat true. Then again, there's stereotypes about every group or culture and its what makes them all different. I have a good laugh whenever I see that stereotypical Italian, and every now and then I throw on the impression for some laughs, its all in good fun..Tl;dr Embrace your heritage and the stereotypes that come with it, whatever it may be..P.s. get me some maple syrup buddy
Clearly you don't have loud black people there
Except loud black people can be funny as shit if you can follow wtf they're saying.
Nothing funnier than, "SSHHHHEEEEIIITTT MUH DICK"
"SSHHHHHEIIIITT NIGGA WE AIN'T GOT NO PANCAKE MIX".-my roommate who goes completely ghetto after 3 beers
You've clearly never had to deal with Brazilians..Brazilians are the .. 
I was on a safari once with Brazilians. Man.. they're annoying, they just don't stop talking...
They speak Portuguese in Brazil... 
Ate dinner with Brazilians in a backpacking hostel in Spain they all spoke English and Spanish but would loudly talk amongst them selves in Portuguese ignoring everyone else. Its like they live in their own world apart from everyone else. 
I'm Brazilian and I approve this message. .When I come across my countryman abroad I run and hide.
Brazilians suck at gambling.  Lots of yelling at the dealer in casinos.
"Hey you fuck you guy, you take my fucking money, gimme de fucking money, carailho" 
kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
HUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUE
HEUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHUEHU
br?
jajajajajajajajajajajajaja
BRBRBRBRBRBRBRBRBRBRBR
What does this mean?
Brazil
It's about the first thing stereotypical brazilian types in any available chat in his new online video game. It's purpose is to find other brazilians.
It's an old joke from r/gaming. Sorry, thought I was onto something.
JAJAJAJAJAJAJA
I'm half italian and half brazilian, please shoot me on sight
Roger wilco
Roger Wilco is unnecessary. Wilco implies you understand the message and thus can carry it out, not needing the redundancy of roger....fagot
Wilco means Will Comply so yeah it is necessary and not redundant. 
You have not seen Chinese tourists.
Oh fuck yes, this. It's like they don't even know you have ears
Or tissues
They don't even close the fucking cubicle doors in toilets. Jesus.
Well, there's this (chinese-only) sign outside of the Louvre glass pyramid, letting the Chinese tourists know that it's NOT okay to defecate wherever you want. Seriously, as a nation, they're still in potty training. 
If you have a group of Italians you can simply dumb them at a children's playground and they will be good for the next two hours. .They also have these thinking moments (tuumaustauko) in which they just absurdly stop for 5 minutes and talk. Then when a single person moves they follow like mindless ducklings. .And they can't shut the fuck up.
Says the guy who can't spell. 
Well, pardon my typing skills on my phone and the late night..I'm sure you have something proper to contribute, too. Like other than argumentation fallacies.
Could you be more of a close minded person? You're generalizing an entire popolation just from what you've experienced with some of them
Oh I am so sorry you were offended on the reddit clone of a get offended site..Look, as you supposedly can think you do understand that my words don't reflect the reality as a whole. That said, my words carry no real power. Except against idiots like you..Fuck off.
I wasn't offended, did I say anything about being offended?.I was just trying to clear up on the generalization in this thread. 
Also I just read the comment you made down below and understood your point of view. .Mmmmk bye, love you
I don't know, I don't usually go like that. .Whatever, love you, too.
I wonder how they run a country when all the citizens are toddlers.
Oh please, you couldn't be more of an asshole. You're generilizing an entire popolation.
Isn't their age of consent 8 or something?
I remember the number 13.
What are they?  The Alabama of Europe?
No, that's Denmark.
You're thinking of Mississippi, not Alabama. 
Oh please, if there's anything Denmark isn't then it's Alabama. Ireland is probably the only EU country comparable to the South States.

I think that's the Vatican City, though not sure about that one. (On mobile so can't verify that easily.).I remember it being 14 in Italy itself.
I believe it's 12, from back when it wasn't separate from Italy, when it split it just kept the Italian laws and never bothered to change it.
[deleted]
I don't think you know how much you are right. The fact that Berlusconi has been around for so long is due to the little Berlusconi living inside each Italian. He is the living personification of how disgustingly greedy and egoistic our population can be. 
Don't tell me you voted for Mitt Romney
despite what the american media try to tell its citizens, there are more than 2 people you can vote on.
The generalization you do tells me you're a fucktard as much as anyone else in the world.
the dutch are scum
I bet they at least know how to add velocities.
*Prime Minister, I'm sure you meant. 
That's just Italian for president.
Nope, we have a different republic here. We also have a so called "republic president", who has a different role than the prime minister.
Oh whatever.
they can't, that's why their country is so fucked atm.
I suppose we can start an EU petition to get all the italians babysitters.
Switzerland could do it. There's an Italian-speaking canton of Switzerland, Ticino, that is as clean and meticulously organized as the rest of the country. But I don't think the Swiss . to deal with the rest of Italy.
We'd rather not. 
Germany is the only adult at the EU table, and they kind of have their hands full with Greece right now
Being Belgian I now realize that our Dutch and French speaking regions are 2 little brats, with our German speaking region the overlooked child.
It all makes sense now!
Bullshit! Germans are prude, rude and bewildered idiots. Greeks know how to live the good life and still be nice and hospitable. I  bet you never visited Greece, then you would understand what a shitty life you live in Germany. In terms of enjoying life, Germans are still shitting themselves in their napkins while Greeks are adults.
oh yes, they live it so good they run it right into the ground. Also I've been to Greece and I'm from the US. Besides I'm speaking about governments, not people.
As a brit I can wholeheartedly agree
Britain's not so bad. I mean, the young tourists are dicks generally, but most of us, especially the older generation, are civilised and sensible. 
Honestly I forget the UK is part of the EU sometimes because they don't use the Euro and seem to have a bit of a distaste for the Continentals
And judging by the opinions in this thread, it can perhaps be understood why, for the majority of the continentals. .But seriously, I think the young of any culture are very similar, no matter where they're from. 
I would argue that Britain is too, but Cameron and Clegg are like two brothers who can't stop fighting. As are Ed and David...
Britain mature? Just take a stroll outside on a saturday night.
Britain is mature apart from its chavs, but we can't really do anything about them fuckers :(
I know. It's rather sad really...
U wot m8
Someone buy Europe some goddamn condoms.
That's only because Germany already went through its teenage rebellious phase.
I believe they had two rebellious phases. 
Actually there's a lot of evidence that WWI was instigated by England. 
My grandparents confirmed that.
That was hardly a rebellious phase, c'mon. We killed a few million jews and were out past curfew, but that's it!
I mean, it's no Armenian genocide but seriously, 12pm?  That's bullshit; you could have been murdered and dumped in a ditch somewhere!
They were just doing what every other European nation had already tried doing. It wasnt rebellious, it was one-upsmanship. The first ghetto was outside of Venice in the 1300's, and it just kept getting better from there. When Hitler started the Final Solution, he was only doing what every German and European had been masturbating to for centuries. The Nazis' Final Solution was every European's wet dream, and they would have gotten away with it if it wasn't for Russia and the US mucking it up.

The smell...
We've all been there. 
Mmmm I came here for a link...
*him.FTFH
TIL OP hit puberty at age 9
Take note of that. It'll be on the exam. 
Right, OP. 
Probably pissed himself.
9, 11 are cool .40 is lel
Some of those are actually pretty damn good.

I like the apple one! 
It's nice to see one of these that isn't just a bunch of penises in the background.
Double the Image, double the fun... I forgive you op 10/10
What the hell is up with the double images?
And the second post of the first image at the end? The people are angry OP.
imgur being shit. 
you are shit OP
mine taste like happy
does anybody even belives this shit ?
All I can say is '...'
OP still a faggot 
first that escalated slowly but then suddenly very fast!
of course OP is a faggot .
What kind of lotion actually tastes like what it smells like?
Why do I subscribe to this subreddit again?
That last line made my sides hurt.
dafq did i just read
OP is nigger faggot
Nice, you certainly just proved the old adage, OP IS A FAG.
good lord....
I have the weirdest boner. 
Welp...I'm done for the day. goodnight everybody!
I really should get back to my homework.
Either this sub is literally all summerfags, or guys from 4chan are upvoting cancerous posts to fuck with us. 
I approve of it because maybe if 1/2 of the stories on here are obviously fake we can see an end to the dipshit "I'll take things that never happened for 600 Alex" brigade of shitposting.
Who fucking upvotes this unfunny shit
that plot twist sort of got me even though it's a classic.
"Things That Really Happened" by OP
I feel weird now...
guess /b/ also gets swarmed by kids on vacations..how easy was it to create this crap ?
n-no homo
That funny feeling in your pants is called an erection...
As soon as it started we all knew it was fake, so waiting for getting trolled at the end. Didn't happen. Just shitty from start to end. Get out OP.
Well, apparently school is out.

No one cares
Of all the fake stories on 4Chan,.This one is the most likely to be real.
Yes, because OP is a faggot.
Mods can you please delete this post? Fucking retarded..

Because I don't give a shit about karma, you stupid fuck. And neither should you or anyone else.
He said nothing about karma..The gif is symbolism for the fact that you're a faggot and no one likes you so just stfu already.
You are one thick motherfucker. Seriously.. 
Or not because: .A: this is the essence of the /b/ board and all of its strangeness.B: there are other reddits you can cry to, so leave us to roll in our own sadness, because this is funnier than most things I see here..And C: the mods aren't your slaves and haven't /will never see your comment.
fixed that for you
Actually you said something different to what I said, not fix it, you fool.
You are either one clever troll or have had five hundred too many vaccines
Nah, just bored, mostly.
How about you shut the fuck up, motherfucker? This post is pure shit. There is nothing funny about it. Until this subreddit got really popular the posts were actually entertaining. Now it's like any other shitty subreddit on this site, where any old crap gets posted for 'krama'. .I've been here a lot longer than you fuckface, so sit down and shut the fuck up.
Oh shit, your right. Maybe I should change my sense of humor so I dont enjoy things and listen to the badmouthed person who I dont care about. Oh wait, just kidding thats fucking stupid. Stop being so butthurt and if you dont like it go somewhere else. 
[deleted]
Fucking die.
Im not sure if you are being sarcastic.
[deleted]
it would be better if you were being sarcastic.
Alright cool, thanks, man!
[deleted]
Hahaha, I love how you're deleting your comments. You're a spineless fucking faggot. Everybody is hating on you and you cant take it. 
Judging from his history, it's the account he uses to rage. It checks out.
It's an alt you dumb fuck.
[deleted]
What does it matter? It's the same thing, retard.
[deleted]
Autism-radar is beeping wildly! So much autism it might self-implode!
You are actually fucking retarded.. I'm guessing you are no older than 16.
No, i'm actually pretty sure that's just a representation of your IQ.

[deleted]

[deleted]
How is your first day on the internet going?
Exactly.
[deleted]
I hope your mom gets that abortion finally
You two are the summerfags! You two! 
dem quotation marks...
Get out cunt
This isn't funny 
Maybe not to you, but to others.
HAHA SO FUNNY, A GUY SUCKING COCKS!!! CLASSIC! 
I KNOW RIGHT but its not just that I find humorous.
If obviously made up retarded bullshit is funny to you you're on the wrong subreddit.
So what you are saying is the heavily upvoted stuff is true, all the time?  Ok I'm sorry for trying to enjoy works of fiction.
You conveniently ignored the word "obviously". On 4chan appreciation boards cleverness is expected. This post has none if that..
But seriously, I need to stop arguing on the internet with 14-year-olds.
Yeah, you probably should stop arguing with fourteen year olds, its not good for self esteem..And also, I have stopped expecting cleverness from the /b/ board.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
So is this subreddit just dedicated to stupid, fake stories now?
kinda like... 4chan?
Have you been to a board that isn't /b/?
Pure cancer. This shit is actually supposed to sound plausible y'know.

Wow, yeah, /b/ is actually dead. This is pathetic. Post this gay shit to r/funny.

Or better yet, don't post it at all...
[deleted]
Im14andthisisfunny
What's the difference?
im14andthisisfunny has managed to make me smirk
Fuck yourself faggot
You know he's just going to enjoy that.
OP is an actual faggot in this one.
OP didn't say no homo..Checks out.
If annoying friend had tasted his dad's cock then he wouldn't have had to lick op's cock to know whether or not cock tastes like pineapple.  Try again faggot.
no shit sherlock
He already knows that dick doesn't taste like pineapple. That's why he disagrees you supercharged turbofaggot
I don't know man, it's probably different when you taste your own family as opposed to other people. Sorta like your own farts smell nice, y'know?
maybe his dad came into his mouth from a short distance after jacking off and he never actually tasted his dad's cock. that's probably the way it happened
i have heard about this happening, a friend of my cousin said he knew a dude who had this happen to him
It happens quite often actually. Sometimes by accident.
Maybe his friend was gay and just wanted to suck some dick?
It is rumored he and OP later moved to Canada, and OP and his annoying friend have been roughly "arguing" every night ever since.
I think all in this situation have some degree of homo
I don't think the pineapple lotion had any option.
i don't know, that lotion seemed a bit fruity to me
oh god dammit.
God damnit. That was disappointing..I'll be right back you guys, I've got something I need to take care of...
I don't see any Cliff Paul threads.
They look a lot alike, these Chris and Cliff characters. I wonder if there's some kind of bond between them that we don't know about... 
is this supposed to be funny? fuck off OP
and theres the token asshole who bitches about the post but cares enough to comment
oh hurr hurr someone misunderstood what CP really is
Like I don't know what CP is, dumbass.
You honestly think he misunderstood? Ha
and doesn't understand his severe autism, lest the post. 
Cp = child pornography.Now I get it.
Shhh, don't just go telling everyone you have some like that.
Say hi to NSA for me
You typed NSA, now your fucked 
So did you.... Shit
I think we need to come up with a code word which replaces NSA, however to stop them catching on it will need to be changed every so often. For now lets replace with with the word Cheese..I put slightly too much thought into this.
I think the phrase, "4chan party van" would work fine for the words "FBI" and "NSA". 
This is definitely better than my suggestion
Incredible. The humor. Indeed.
MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS MODS 
       .MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   MODS ARE GODS   
I once made a "CP" thread about cheese pizza on /b/, and after about 15 posts by random anons of pizzas, some asshole posted childporn and the mods quickly ended the thread and I haven't been able to post on any 4chan threads.
Reset dat router, dynamic IP reset and new Mac Address. Not sure if it works on 4chan but in general I've gotten unbanned from servers that way
Unless you have a static IP. Then OP's fucke-.Nah, TOR man. 
Tor also works but that is in fact static.
Wouldn't work if the exit nodes are banned, too.
Can you explain how? I've tried almost every method to change my IP and it hasn't worked 
[deleted]
'Are you me?' The fuck you talking about 
k0mbaticus is apparently suffering from multiple personality disorder.
I posted Club penguin and copy paper.
Remember, .No Russian
So basically a toned down version of the last mission impossible
I mean, that's how the CIA do it, but as Jihad...
Dude, GUISE we can do this. FLIP THE SCRIPT. Turn them against THEMSELVES!.I just gotta run to Wendy's first...
Yep because westernerns care enough to overthrow a government. A few neckbeards behind computers isnt gonna get it done.
No Russian is happening for realz. Call of Half Life Duty .2k14 confirmed gaize
Remember, no russian.
Mr. Snowden could try to buy a citizenship + passport.  Money rules this world....
Ain't nobody got time for that
Makarov would be proud
Now you gotta find him.
oh man  
What if Snowden is still in Hong Kong and these other countries are working to protect him because they know he did the right thing?
Damnit you beat to it. I was gonna fucking say that.
Yeah right, who would do a riot and miss the next episode of Arrested Development, Game of Thrones, American Idol, or whatever shit there into. 
And I'm . you'd be out on the streets burning things, because you're a special flower.
Is this a NSA test? Well the answer is, No. .I am happy living in the 4th Reich of America. :D
I was thinking Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2.
"no russian"
It would be nice if the world worked that way 
Americans wouldn't give a fuck. They'd talk about it for 2 minutes, mention some old texan white lady saying a racist slur in a stressful situation, and re-air a 2 1/2 men episode.
"Remember men, no Russian..."
It could theoretically work, but it would probably have to be only one or two people, and they would have to do a bunch of crap to make it convincingly look like they could be CIA.
Nonsense, haven't you seen the superrealistic combat simulator called Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2? All you need to escape the Moscow airport after shooting it up is a van conveniently placed behind roughly 200 armed SWAT cops.
and riot shields. invulnerable to .50 cal rounds.
Why they don't just coat all their airplanes and shit in the magical plastic, I never know...
Here's what's really going to happen: OP and friends get arrested by Russian police and sent to Siberian workcamps..American citizens give no shits..The end.
[deleted]
That was the only thing I could think of while reading this post.
fuck me. I should have tried to implement that reference into the greentext.
Posting your own greentext? Level of faggotry is too high.
at least I'm getting credit for what I did and not somebody else's work.
I'm predicting that within the next two months, Snowden will end up dead and they'll say it was a suicide
He has files "crucial to the US government" that hes given to many anonymous sources ,and the files will be released if any harm is done to him.
If I did something like this I'd regularly make announcements that my mental health was good, and that I was not suicidal.
"natural causes"
He tripped.
[deleted]
and then buried him self in a forrest
Are you trying to say that people will do anything instead of sitting around watching Fox Sports or The View, browsing Reddit or posting on Facebook. Ha, you have much to learn, there will be a lot of angry tweets but no riots.
The government has has found their perfect circus; the internet. The bread is welfare and social security..Internet folk know how to whine but that's about it. No one is willing to sacrifice their comfortable lives. And that's okay. 
CIA uniforms consist of:
Provided by the Reno Police Department 
Believable.
I really hope that no one is stupid enough to believe that the CIA would wear caps that said CIA on them while killing someone, but I know someone somewhere is.
Fine then, go wear a Yankees hat instead.
Seriously, you'd be surprised. The reddit/4chan "Police work" pictures doing the rounds on facebook after the Boston bombings included the logic that one of the backpacks had a Punisher skull logo patch on it, and a number of military units use that logo, therefore the military did the bombing. 
Bahaha can you imagine if you saw some crime pop up in the news where all the gangbangers were wearing CIA hats and professional looking clothes? Why has this not happened??
The all themselves the Cee-Aigh-Ay.
The kind of people who would find that funny don't have the balls to murder someone, in cold blood, out in the open.
I'm just sayin that could be there every day gang attire. So that when they do murder someone it's funnier.
reverse psychology.  Besides, it'd be the NSA who did the killing, theyd wear the CIA caps just to blame it on them
Right, like 4chan and 9gag.
Then the NSA and CIA would battle


That reply got old last year. And the year before. And the year before. 
Can I join this orgy of comments too?
The only rule to an orgy is if you stick it in someone you gotta be alright with somebody sticking something in you
Hmmmmm.
They're called meme arrows, bro.
Considering today was the solstice, I can deduce it is, indeed, summer.
And complaning about something being stale is stale..as is complaining about complaining about something being stale..as is complaining about complaining about complaining about something being stale..RIP complaining
Dude, AVP is awesome.
This is not /b/


Yeah its July you dumb fuck
Yup. Saw a dubs thread with over 400 replies even though tons of people had pointed out that dubs are disabled. I don't even go on /b/ anymore.
Dear Diary.Today OP was not a faggot
NUBS ARE THE NEW DUBS
.Goddamn.
You couldn't fucking tell already
Ugh.
so who won the games? 
Fucking hell why can't I experience cool shit like this.
tl;dr OP is from new zealand 
First step. Get off reddit/4chan
Nah he called the shed a barn
10/10
But Jesus wasn't born in an inn...
You're right, he was born OUTSIDE of one..Jesus is the Original Outie.
Pretty funny shit OP but....Innies.
My sides
Who gives a fuck? Just stick your dick in there, it doesn't matter..But I think outies are easier to eat so there is that.
[deleted]
Get some help. 
Be OP.
Get pussy.
Choose one. 
Well I'm not OP so I guess that leaves me with one option. Go make a post and become OP as well.
My sides, lel, DAE XD?!?!?!?!
faggot
Nigger
Hahaha so funny
I know this might not be the time or the place but in most porn it seems that the women have outies...just something I noticed.
Outies are better anyways. Easier to stick ur dick in.
i think because they get fucked so much/so hard it just loosens it up into an outie.
Virgin 12 year old detected. 
Have you ever touched a woman m8?
look at his username m8
The real question is.. have you ever seen a . woman m8?.
Sad that you didn't.
I think it's kind of a genetic stuff. My first gf, who was a virgin had outies too.
she wasn't a virgin m8
Trust this guy. He uses his fleshlight all the time, so he would know
Yeah, have you ever tried the innie attachment? Totally sucks
*real life..women in porn have surgery to remove their "outies" (labia) to make it more "appealing". tyl.
That's because in Brittain, showing an outie's outie bits in a magazine is illegal, so porn stars would often have this surgery done to be more employable. It's warped the whole country's idea of what a vagina is meant to look like so much that it's a popular surgery for everyday women to have now..In most states in Australia, anything but softcore porn is illegal, so they can show naked women who are innies, and show the bodies moving, but can't show anything actually enter a vagina (even if the actors do so in the seen, it mustn't be visible).
I know a girl with an innie
They exist but are rare naturally.
Are they? Hmm I only have experience with 'innies', then again my experience with girls is limited to the same girl since I began college. .I always thought it was cute how hers was shaped in that manner. inb4 everybody calls me a pedo...
Was she on the heavier side? Heavier girls have innies because fat is stored on the outer labia and kinda engulfs the inner labia
No, normal weight, short height. She's my SO of four years and running. .I think some of this is genetic and ethnicity-specific. I feel like a lot of Northern Euro women have 'innies' based on the Met Art and Errotica porn photos I like to look at. The Southern Euro and other ethnicities (African for instance) seem to have 'outies'. Eastern Europe seems to have outies and yet I prefer them since I am Russian myself. 
You molest 5 year olds?
This is the worst post I've ever seen on this shithole of a sub.  .Congratulations.
Nobody's forcing you to stay idiot. What did you expect?
Your 12 year old?
Really?

Fuck. I am quiet now.
based base
Apple Store sign. Excellent strategy. 
Those are zombies, not sheep.
I lol'd. Good post, OP.
The treadmills are actually a pretty good idea. 
I'm surprised they didn't have one where the zombie hulk was fucking OP
Its 4chan, there was probably a dozen of that
i lol'd at mordekaiser, probably the best thing in terms of . zombie aoe . killing if it's open beta tank mordekaiser
The last ones were shitty.
Fucking pleb can't even get it right.
Spells Protoss wrong and then forgets that time bomb mothership alpha ability only stops projectiles.  Probably isn't even Korean.
top lel
Why get a mothership when you can get a mothership core and fucking photon overcharge yourself?
Based God
No. 11 was pretty great.
I would hide behind the paywall from Chegg.
Fucking mordekeiser

wod fence is best
No dor rom is best
The Dorner is the only sure fire solution
NO ONE CORNERS THE DORNER 
Nice, but diamonds aren't a fucking metal
That's the joke faggot
Kind of hoping it was Diamond Co. as in the clothing company,
Educate ..
They are if you accelerate them to 400 diamond per wall
Goddamn I love that pasta.
Nope, carbon never can become the lattice of free interchanging electrons needed to claim a title of metal. 
Oh god why... Anybody have the pasta image on hand to show this /sci/fag what I'm talking about?

Those two that went super in-depth with their bases were actually pretty awesome.
indeed
The second one put the bathroom so far away from his tiny living space though.
poop
you're*
LOL DAE GRAMMAR NAZI?!?!
/ted
/bread
/thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread /thread.shut the fuck up
so edgy 
Harry is a shit cunt
You mean./tread
That was very niggerish of you, friend.
Based god BGKumbi is back.
This isn't posted every other hour on /b/ or anything
That isn't a threat... That's an invitation. 
The real anonymous wear horse masks.
False flag operation, maybe?
lel 9gag is so funneh xDDDDDDDD
>knowledge is free....no it ain't
Have you heard about .? The true scum of the internet is coming back under the name of Anonymous to fight the 10 year old moralfags in Guy Fawkes masks who have called themselves Anonymous.
Yeah ever since the scientology raids, this anonymous thing got out of hand. People dont understand what the origins of anonymous are. Remember the lulz. 
I can tell by your flair that you're fat.
Was that free?
for a second i thought the second post was:.i would have been soooo happy.
ITT we orgasm over a set of alike digits
The sextups made this post even better
Those sextuples


Something seems not quite right...
I'm an oldfag, I've been here all summer
Just a thought but this may have done better with some context, or any context actually.
I agree and I didn't think this post would do too well anyway. As for context, someone was asking about Perfection Girl and said he didn't care about being called a summerfag about it. Then this guy replied. 
The girl obviously wants to do it anyways
Halfofthepunchlineinthetitle/10
U.SA
WE NEED TO TAKE AMERICA BACK TO WHAT IT USED TO STAND FOR. 
Maybe I should take to the streets? Guys, if I go, will you go?
It's not so bad as long as you have money.
Ohthisthreadagain.jpg
Muh freedoms
I'm pretty sure all these threads are created by freedom loving Americans who just love them some rustled jimmies.
Yeah, but Netflix?
American here, I don't really care if the government watches me. I don't really care what some anonymous stranger thinks of my search history on traps. As long as they don't publicize my info or use it against me, I'm fine. 
Well the weed thing is because of the bloodshed in Mexico
tier tier tier tier tier tier tier
America may be ran by a bunch of dumb asses, but it's still far better than most countries.
Yeah we needed to see this again, its not like we dont see this post every single day
Yeah, sure.  Go get 'em, tiger.
It's still the lesser of many evils.
I'm sorry, I can't hear you over the sounds of freedom. 
The only reason this is getting upvoted so much is because reddit loves to hate on America.
Bravery? 
Bravery
So fucking tired of people bitching about America. The patriotism serves a purpose, it keeps us from having a huge as hell civil war. Yeah we do fucked up shit, but we do good shit too. .Should we just stay home and stay out of everyones business? I don't know. Last time we did that Germany started a war that killed 60 million people, something that we could have stopped if we were shoulder to shoulder with the French and British on the first day of the war..Canada has the enviable position of never having to make its own foreign policy, they have always been able to go with whatever the US or Britain was doing. They also have never had anything near this countries power. .China is starting to throw its weight around, and they already proving themselves much worse than us. 
You know, they act like all this shit is a big deal (It is, but on a political and not 'real' scale)..If I can go outside, breath the fresh air, ride down and get drink and drink it wherever I want, then I say my free country is a damn fine country. NSA ain't gonna prevent the sun from rising the next morning, or prevent you from sleeping at night. Stop them hell yes, but it's not slavery or life standard changing.
You can do that in 90% of all countries. And you could do it in Nazy Germany. You're gonna need a better argument.
You can do that in Egypt too, but you're just extremely biased because "MURICA TOP LEL" so I can't really convince you Americrap is in bad shape right now.
Inb4 reddit equivalent of "USAUSAUSAUSA". Oh wait. 
I couldn't read that well, my freedoms were fogging my glasses.
Mission Accomplished. Jimmies are Rustled.
Yeah, seriously. Whenever there's thread hating on 'murica 90% comments are top mericans arguing with each other about how murica is the best country.
It's been getting worse instead of better. You cant talk to americans about anything, they have opinions and by god you're going to hear em..Yall.Hold on I'm going to break into banjo and piano.
[deleted]
Yea I have I've been all over it, a few other places in the world and grew up in Canada. America is broadly hated or at least largely disliked..There are a few America sympathisers but ultimately and most generally when I tell someone I am Canadian their mood visibly changes from one of relative despair and disinterest to energetic relief. Most people know that if you talk to Americans, you're going to have a bad time.
America used to be pretty fucking cool though. Their shit went downhill quickly.
Not as corrupt as some..C'mon, fags, we're first world problemming around on this fucking shit..Citizens just sit and eat? heavenly..Citizens are declared enemy - So what, fuck people..Cops shoot pet - wait, this again? faggot..It's a bad ass mask, and this wasn't solely in America.Colorado legalized. .Everyone is not afraid of eachother,. just faggots afraid of other faggots..Canadian reporting in. Watching from the sidelines.
American here. Maybe it's more so people thinking "In an ideal world..." or some such shit. That said, our government still blows.
Neckbeards, fedoras, friendzone, guy fawkes mask.
OP did you post this stupid Reddit shit on /b?
I seriously dont understand why dont you guys riot. Brazil is rioting, Turkey is rioting, Greece is rioting. .Come on americans! What would the founding fathers do? What would Abe Lincoln do? .They would kick ass. 
There is no McDonalds at the to White House.
Stop making me feel bad!
The only solution to America's problem is to all at once go on strike. Everybody refuse to pay tax all at once. It's never been done before because communications would make a nationwide tax strike impossible, but's it's totally possible now. It'd be a civil uprising with a very low cost of life and money.
The founding fathers and Lincoln would probably pass out when they realized they just traveled through time.P.S.: What am I gonna do in this town of 30,000?  Frighten a dog?  Shout at a bus?  
hmmm, well if you would like to come fight our military please be my guest.
This so much. People really think the citizens stand a chance against the most powerful military to walk the face of the earth? I don't think so Tim.

It was a whole different story back then.
Lel. You truly are ignorant. Look at the fucking Taliban. 
The founding fathers after setting up the government would probably try to use military intervention to stop a protest (I.E. whisky rebellion) and then have sex with slaves while disenfranchising anyone who wasn't an upper class white person. Great group of guys.
As if people in two hundred years won't look back and think you are a faggot for not being socially advanced as them.
Corruption? Please tell me how your country is corruption free unless you're from northeast Europe or the moon..NSA scandal? Idk bout the rest of yall muricans, but my life has yet to change at all resulting this 'scandal'. Do the rest of you seriously think that you aren't being surveyed? .We have the freedom and wealth to overindulge, and some people take advantage of that..The citizens are not declared the enemy. The mindset of the American Government is to know everything about their country so they can control it, not to enslave it..If you watch the video, the guy was provoking the officers with loud music and profanity and kind of left his rottweiler where it could attack the officers. The first shot was arguably okay, though I admit shooting it 4 times was ridiculous. Either way, don't let your god attack police officers..Yes, people are retarded but who cares if Time Warner sees a .001% proffit increase as a result of the popularity of those gay masks..Since when is weed criminalized heavier than murder?.I'm not scared of everyone, and have no reason to be.
"don't let your god attack police officers"-accdodson
We got Dodson here!
The fuck is in north east .eu? its santa clause isnt it ? 
NSA psyops pls go.
Notice how these OPs never state which country they are from.
in thread (404'd now) OP identified as Canadian.
See, those "canadians" and eurofags don't realize that patriotic americans who aren't stupid as shit, are patriotic for our country and the principles that founded it. Not our shit-tier government. 

Our numbers weaken every year.
So... Something that non longer exists thanks to the desecration of the last 15+ years of government?
Sorry, what america STOOD for. In better terms, we are trying to be the pillow that catches this country as it falls to the ground.
America has the longest lasting constitution of any other country ever, retard.
That's great, does the NSA let you say stuff like that?
I can say whatever I want to as long as I don't threaten America. And don't act like they weren't spying on you either.
Fifteen years? Gooby pls, we've gone down the tubes since forever. Look at Andrew Jackson's presidency. He gave all the positions in his cabinet to his close friends as gifts basically and ran the presidency into the ground because his cabinet had no idea what it was doing. .Before you hate on Clinton / Bush / Obama, get some history. 

Andrew Jackson was the only President to have all of America's debts paid off
Obama could probably pay off all of America's debts if he did some stupid irresponsible short term stuff, doesn't make it a good idea.
National debts don't work like personal debts do.  It isn't always a good idea to pay off all national debts.
Touch
SELL CALIFORNIA
That makes everything sooooo much better. Just because it has been bad doesn't mean we should be okay with it continuing to be bad.
I know, I wasn't suggesting we let it continue. I was just saying it hasn't been just the past fifteen years.
Shawty that's been the case since the beginning of government..If anything it's gotten better over time generally speaking.
So he's making fun of America while he's not even from a real country?.top lel
Australian here, and I'd much rather live in Canada than the US


Getting real tired of your shit. 
Australian here, and I'd much rather live in Canada than the US  ( ^_^) .Let me fix that for you (automated comment unflipper) 
If the US is such a shit contry, why the fuck does everyone keep coming here? 
Price for 1 liter of cheap vodka in Canada = 45.Price for 1.5 liters of cheap vodka in US = 20 easy.Everything is crazy expensive in Canada. Enjoy yourself. 
lol
Price for 750ml of vodka in Australia is 50 dallaroos
That's awful
actually, cheap bottle of vodka in quebec = 20$ .faget.
Yeah, if you can avoid hospitals or requiring anything even closely resembling health care in the U.S., you're coming out waaaaaaay ahead 
Talking like a real poor fag. I got sick the other day and payed the doctor $20 for a check up and got my meds for cheap because I have insurance. Poor people and idiots who don't have insurance obviously will have trouble with healthcare. Don't blame America for it.
Yeah, in the U.S. hospitals don't even exist, it's amazing
 occupy and free healthcare are communist motives . realize that Canada has a bigger surveillance program . we invented just about everything good . we have freedom, not anarchy . realize that other countries have corruption and flaws 
Hospital bill for for crashing your car drunk from 45 dollar vodka and fucking yourself up...priceless
[deleted]
Yeah, the government isn't the only thing fucking your once great country. 
[deleted]
Considering how you just had your jimmies rustled, it seems like you do give a fuck. .P.S. America sucks
SO BRAVE
lol yes, the ignorance and self-entitlement of the american people was addressed and identified as the main source of baseless patriotism. throw in a little jesus and militarized government over the call for "freedom" & the yankees can't contain their flag poles. 
You still sound mad
OK OK, I can see I've clearly upset you a lot..Your beavers and maple syrup are great..There? All better, baby?
Proving OP's point yet again.
Well....you're just far too edgy for me to even try to handle, bro.

[deleted]
I don't understand your analogy. What is a "sheeple"?.Can you tell me anything about the virtues of annarchy? 
What is a sheeple? And no because I am a classic armchair liberal
How come you can't hold all those edges?
Niggers is a globe
you call it ignorance....nobody around the world gives a shit. canadian govt spies on them and just hands the info over to the US. 
At the end of the day Canada's the half decent bitch that USA will always fuck whenever its having a bad day.
canadian is like a bigger belgium, half regular and half french niggers
Canada is worse than us. Trust me I'm from there. We are not even half french anymore. Imigration has caused rapid decent into a wasteland full of camel jockeys and faggots. Camel jockeys in canada are like beaners in the us. Everything is fucked.
So, kind of how Rotterdam is little Turkey nowadays, and amsterdam is full of arab penguins?
Yeah. Pretty much. 
fuck those fucking walloons with their shitty attitude. ' we brussel now' fuck off wallonia get your own fucking money. 'we help you when you poor' you didn't do shit wallonia, we flemish died like flies in the coalmines and on the front of WOI for your fucking money, now you lost it so fuck off and get back to fucking france!
i'm an american and i have no idea what you're talking about

Relax my friend!
4chan is hosted in the UK
These faggots from their shit countries using the internet (american made) to try and make themselves feel better...so fucking sad.  YOU FOREIGN SHITS WILL NEVER BE MURICAN, JUST KILL YOURSELF NOW.
Without the British inventing the www the Internet would still just be for military faggot scientists.
4chan is a Canadian site retard.
gr8 b8 m8, moot is American and 4chan has always been hosted in these great United States of America
He's jealous.
4chan originated in Canada...
Are we on 4 Chan?
Are we on 4chan?
Which is part of North AMERICA. Riddle me that.
Are we on 4 Chan?
are we on 4chan?
Okay..The British came over, colonized it and you fuckers said "We want our incest and moonshine and shit" and Canada was all like "k" and so you guys disbanded and then you were all like "'MURICA" and to this day you can still hear George Washington's cry as he screamed at the top of his lungs with his last breath: "MUH FREEDOMS"
Canada is like alternative USA with 25% less douche.
you've been to neither country. sit down.
And 73% less freedom
Actually I'm pretty sure we've had more freedom than you guys since the NSA.
You don't actually believe Harper isn't spying on you sorry cunts, do you?
Harper isn't mentally capable of spying on us. He's a fucking retard.

How dare you... I just spent 5 days in Canada, the air tasted less free. Cnada sux. usa 4 lyfe
Goddam ponyfucking losers gotta post their shit everywhere don't they?
Ignore, glitch duplicate.
Quick question. Are you mad?
Trolling is dead!
Im just genuinely curious if he is mad, and why. Its such a pointless thing to be angry about, its like being angry at squirrels for like walnuts.
My dad. Dude could beat the shit out of all those 4 year olds.
Lucky he is joining the infantry. Then he can be killed. Death style.
I want to believe.
Theres cancer, and then theres shit like this worse than cancer
0/5 
OP confirmed faggot.
I cruise reddit looking for a laugh, I'm not tying to read a fucking novel....
How does someone like that end up on . lets axe him Minecraft style.
With greentext
Cause cod is about realism.
I smell a pasta.
He will make a good quickscoper.
Then fuck off.
my first and last GF, whenever we had sex she would cry, because she had some syndrome  that made her vagina always tight that I somehow knew existed but never connected the dots and figured out she had it. She was a dumbass and didn't know and just blamed guys for it. But every time we sexed, she cried..I'm now afraid to have sex with anyone else
i've taken two virginities and they were radically different. The first was just normal, she said it hurt but keep going. The second was an ear shattering scream when my dick was barely past the head. Scared me half to death.
So tight it hurts the guy what a faggot spit on that dick and try harder
What's the likelihood OP inserted his dick into her urethra instead of her vagina?
true love
Well I expected a lot more out of that story.
He would have to have a pencil-thin dick, so pretty likely. 
There is actually a medical case on this happening to a married couple for the duration of their marriage.
She must piss like a sprinkler now. 
I guess after the first one you turned pedo
My gf cried when I took her virginity. I didn't stop though. Gotta get my nut.
I'm sure there's a rape joke in there. 
He had to get his nut

This is retarded. 
Tfw 9/10 of 4chan will call this retarded having never known this feel because they were forced to wait until 30 for a pity fuck from a landwhale 1/10 with a cavernous, warty vagina. 
never go full /b/tard
. 
What did you just say? 
good job m8
Beta fag says the flavor of his burps
I wish more than anything that this actually happened.
That made me spit out the grape soda I was drinking. Source: I'm black.
It actually makes me really angry that anyone would yell the flavor of their burp like that, I don't see how that could ever be a good idea. For once I am glad this never happened.
Did you tie her to the radiator?

I wish more than anything that this actually happened.
I find that most things various people write in posts like these, you've already sort of thought about, but never done or never found a way to incorporate in a story..But I can honestly say that calling out the flavor of my burps, by burping... that's a whole new level of, well, something.
Went and found it before it 404'd. Thank ..
Saw that one coming. I bet you the girl was moving around the whole time to stay the maximum distance away from the Grapist who was also moving around.
IM GONNA TIE YOU TO THE RADIATOR AND GRAPE YOU IN THE MOUTH
Autism level: loudly call out the flavor of your burps while in public.There is only one way this story was going to end.
Captain?
Captcha motherfucker, do you speak it
lol
How the fuck did he get the captchas right..... I heard something like that would be pretty difficult on a quad.Something about this is rather ..
If someone actually did do a quarter of shrooms I don't think they'd get much farther than the starting menu of any game
geeze louise, a quarter for his first time? On an 8th I cant even type because the keyboard's pattern morphs and waves all the fuck over the place, forget about a quarter
4chan gold motherfucker, do you speak it

O.K. 
OP was not a faggot. 
Bullshit./b/ is pure garbage
As a brother with a younger sister, this gave me a justice boner
ya and now its on the front page of reddit.
Goodluck convincing the judge your "sorry" now. 
wow what kind of fag gets this frustrated over a subhuman down's creature 
Ahh yes. Violence is the answer. Because that will totally help someone.
43 shades left
Today OP was the long dick of the law
OP is the law
I never read these posts, but I'm glad I took the time to read this one. That made me laugh my ass off and it was badass 
Id have the same rage, good job by you!
I actually shed a tear...
Man fight to protect potato. Is sister.
Where's the follow up where they dox him and send this image to the prosecutors office? 
fuck you bitch, ill make your sister pregnant next time 
I'd rather go to jail that to act regretful or to apologise for something like this.
I have a sister with down syndrome also. OP YOUR MY HERO!! 
nobody fucks OP's sister but OP, goddamnit!!!
We need people like him
Impossible to read on a phone.

4Chan, you're not supposed to go serious on me, why did you go serious on me? 
Of all the things that get posted on here that didn't happen this didn't happen the most.
You've got this case for sure. He'll get what's coming to him.
OP is a Real Human Being. And a Real Hero.
would you like my axe?.good on ya mate
Today OP was not a faggot
How fucked up is it that anymore it's like I'm disappointed when a moving story on 4chaN . wind up being just a really long set up for a song lyric-ending?
I support you, OP.
I'm confused... cunt is usually used to refer to a female. Either a female molested OP's downs sister, or OP doesn't know what "cunt" means.
doooooononnnnnnnnnnnt care
Hero
Real fuckin selfless OP. The cops were already on their way to pick the guy up. He just wanted to get in ahead of them to get his licks in. Not saying it doesn't sound fun but it was totally unnecessary.
Post this in r/justiceporn fucking sick fuck got what he deserved 
Sometimes things have to be handled this way, and I'm very sorry for your sister.... you are a great brother...
Love the defending of sister by resorting to violence(No sarcasm) . Hate the use of colorful metaphors to describe  degree of anger or ass kickin delivered. 
The law is broken. There is no justice.
Join us tommorow on "Shit That Didn't Happen"
ALPHA AF
Big brother FTW!!! Sorted his shit right out proper!
you're the fucking man. shoulda made him bite the curb though, what a monumental piece of shit.
Fuck yea.
OP is a.... faggot?
Better hope the prosecutor isn't a Redditor. 
so... is she hot?
Looks like his sister is soon to be homeless because of his actions...
I thought there was going to be a twist at the end with this being 4chan and all but no, it was just a shit story that you'd see on Facebook. 
Sometimes the assault charges are worth it.
Today OP....who gives a shit? probably fake
Today OP is NOT a fag.
Fake. Britfags can't beat their way out of a wet paper bag.
Nah, we just stick a flag in it and make it do what we say instead.
You're living in the past, Beatles
Best of luck brother. Just wish we all were there to help destroy this piece of shit. 
Good guy OP. kicking ass and stuff.
Bang Bang Boogie in the court roomie
Stand tall in that courtroom, and ask for your medal.
So did he post tit pics or what?
secrets don't work when they're no longer secret.
Unless the guy said "Visit me at <address> if you want to fuck" how did she know his address?
Mr. F!
this is so clearly bullshit OP was most definitely a faggot 
I salute you
story must be set in latvia.  only there do they fight so hard to defend their potato.
I'm sure ..
Justice was served as far as I'm concerned
This is why I love anonymity. Where else can someone confess to a righteous crime where no one can discern its validity? 
I want to believe this is true, and if it is, I really hope you get off with a slap on the wrist, OP. I just imagined watching that beating, or even doing it myself and I got extremely excited from all that justice oozing from the cuts on his body.
Good lord that story is boring. "Some guy groped my sis so I beat him up i da best." Riveting.
If every perpetrator of heinous crimes was delt with like OP delt with this douche heinous crime would be much much lower
Luck!
OP also used some British English spelling, so he could be Australian, which would make calling a guy a cunt logical.

I hope someone brings that post to court. I'm all for kicking some ass when needed, but this guy was just acting on his natural instincts and chances are she was all for it until he asked her for head, then she wants to act like he tried to rape her just because she didn't want to suck his cock... fucking cock teaser, even tho it might not be her fault because of her condition, I am so tired of this bs from females... all the sudden they want to act like they didn't want the D because the guy doesn't want a relationship
Neighbors
simply epic ;)
Blah blah Latvia. 
That day when OP was using his gains
I don't know how to navigate 4chan.  Does anyone know if the non-faggot OP posted a follow up?
 
This happened to my niece. Except the dude also ripped her off for thousands of dollars... Good on anon, wish I could do the same.
We have a lot of fake stories up there, but it's always nice when there's a true one popping up (unless we have a brand new kind of no-life-ness where a dude enjoys getting said he did a good job for something he didn't do).
I mean, what are the odds OP actually left his basement to do anything? .And even if he did, beating up someone? .More unrealistic by the second.
To be honest it makes at least a little bit of sense. The risk of downs syndrome goes up significantly with an older mother and a 13 year discrepancy between siblings would at least indicate that their mother was older when his sister was born.
That and the fact that some girl he's never met gave him the culprits address when he went all detective on her    my ass
Fate in humanity restored
mfw i read every first letter.
I'm glad that prick got beaten up. Good job op. Now if only every rapist and paedophile could get beaten to a fucking pulp across the planet, the world might be a better place.
OP is not a faggot. 
My sister has Down's. OP you are my hero, and a hero to women everywhere. If it was me, I'd be facing a manslaughter rap. I hope your sister is okay, OP.
She got touched and asked to suck dick. I'm sure after a few days in the ICU she'll be fine.
I support this.
ARE YOU FUCKING SORRY?!
A guy with confidence tries to hit on a girl, and op gets mad?.You virgin neckbeards could learn a thing or two from the downie lover. He has something none of you nerds have... confidence. Pce
15-16
OP is a neat dude
It's hard to read that and not condone brutal vigilante violence. If a word was true, my reaction would be to care for my sister - not satisfy my own lust for vengeance..Cons of his imagined actions: (If not fake, post news story.).*If he is in jail he can't look after his sister.
*He will most likely get the employee who provided a name and home address fired or sued.
*The injuries suffered by the alleged molester will be used by any competent lawyer to dramatically reduce any criminal sentence he might receive.
*The victim of the beating can sue OP.
*The victim of the beating may live comfortably for the rest of his life by suing the business. (Vicarious liability for their employee.)
*Although many people imagine beating someone will make them feel better, it's commonly known amongst the people who have that it brings no peace.
*She may not have been molested at all.
*OP may have misidentified the person he assaulted.
*In many jurisdictions the mentally disabled fall under the protection of the courts their whole lives. It is possible a magistrate will view an unprovoked assault as being vicious enough to impose a no contact order between OP and his sister..This fantasy is about indulging bloodlust. The assault of the sister is an excuse, not a reason. It's about masculine pride. It's the same thinking that causes men who are rejected by women to throw acid in their faces..But, sometimes it is nice to pretend.
Came to post the same thing. It may very well be real, but not the most logical move..If it were my sister, I would be compelled to fucking murder the guy, but I would look out for her first. Get that fucker sacked and arrested, not kill him.
Very glad to know I'm not alone in thinking this way. I guess, ultimately, nobody knows what they would do until in the situation.
got any nudes?
he would've got bummed in the showers anyway op's just wanted to get some
Goddamn good, OP.  I'd never convict you.
ITT: Scared little betas rah-rahing about violent shit they'd never have the balls to do themselves. 
I bet this was posted on /b/ earlier
I'll take "Complete bullshit story" for $500 Alex..Who is OP?
yeah, right.
Actually, they do..We have one in our office who is fucking useless at her job, but fills in a requirement to employ at least one..Most of the time, she only acts 90% tard, but every so often goes full potato to the point where her wranglers have to take her away to calm down...slightly unplugging the USB cable on her mouse so it doesn't work but isn't obvious usually does the trick...
white knight sexism at its worst
What?
yay violence
Fuck yeah
Today OP was a faggot who doesn't understand how problems are solved among civilized folk. 

It's like he has Down's or something. What a tard.
OP isn't a faggot.
OP has been mastrurbating to this story for quite a while, dreaming of leaving his basement and shit.
Be Op, too stupid to wait for the cops to solve situation, fuck up, go to jail, leave defenseless sister alone for the next X number of years while he serves unnecesary prison time. Bravo Op, youre as retarded as always.
No sister is with neighbor's wife (who herself isn't a neighbor, oddly enough)
I cry everytiem
bae caught me slippin
Fuck da police

Dude, your greentext is broken.
iPad master race 
[deleted]
Oh look, another fucking white knight who thinks that a creepy rapist asshole doesn't deserve to pay for his crimes..Please, do tell me why the guy in OPs story (if the story is true) deserves not to be punished for sexual assaults on multiple women. Because the human race is inherently good right? Wrong motherfucker. We've all been evil bastards since we killed a whole family of Neanderthals for their cave and fire.
Exactly. Since when does hitting on girls deserve a savage beating.
Do you lack reading comprehension?
The guy practically raped his downy sister
Eh... OP's description isn't good enough to come to that conclusion.
The story did
He groped and stuck his hand down her pants
That's only rape if she was fighting him off and/or telling him to stop, which the story doesn't say.
He deserves to pay for his crimes..That is not what OP did.
OP is full of shit
OP = not a faggot today
Autist 
Autist. 
You sir have beste... I mean your a faggot 
are you going to start making sense at any time?
No probably not much I seem to be cursed with being a faggot.I am sorry that you had to deal with my faggotry.thank you for your wisdom and helpful words
[deleted]
do you have younger sisters?
[deleted]
ok well, you believe in rule of law over yourself, that's fine.

I'm willing to put money down that "Pics of sister?" was somewhere within the first 5 comments.
Nothing like a solid way to get out of an assault case like showing your lack of remorse on 4chan! 
it's like the time that those high schoolers all fucked that retarded girl under the bleachers. Judge asked why and they said "Coach told us to get our first down"..Case dismissed.
why the fuck are we upvoting this
Because its a half decent story you newfag
This subreddit is full of the worst of summerfags. People who like 4chan but are too scared to actually browse because of all the nsfw shit.
But not you of course 

The wife doesn't live with her husband. 
Lives in his basement.
*locked in his basement
when you fuck someone up you get charged with battery, not assault.  nice try op.
Assault incorporates battery in many states.
In english common law assault = threats, battery = physical contact. But in most countries the statutory law uses the term 'assault' to mean physical contact
you must be fun at parties
They are the same thing in new york.
are you retarded what does charging batteries have to do with this post
Depends if they are a lemon and you stab them with a zinc knife and a copper knife.
lol
Depends what country you live in. 
He sounded like he was from the UK
You'd get charged with . if you were in the UK. 

your moms a nigger.
le5edgy1me
"Behaviour" with a u supports this theory.
Exactly
And calling a man a cunt...
Also "bollocks" isn't usually used in America 
That's why they have Prism ah hahahsha. That said, I'm glad to see UK misiters getting a 10k payrise. They deserve to have it forced on them.
We're  spying on you too....
Except your government has been monitoring your for nearly ten years, in far worse ways than PRISM.
At the same time I never hear an english person say "yard"
Yard is a fairly common slang word for "house/home" in England, mostly amongst younger people though
I do
Not bloody likely! The people in your constituency own estates, not yards.
I guess it must depend a lot on the area you're in, in the areas I've lived in I haven't heard it
scotland yard
Okay yes, in the terms of Scotland yard and the unit of measurement, yes. What I meant was I only hear english people calling it a front garden, not a front "yard".
It's yard.
You should talk to more people.  I have lived all over the UK (except for Scotland) for the last quarter century, and yard is in very common usage for all sorts of things, including gardens.
In Australia, it's a yard if predominantly grass, and a garden if paved.
Vice versa in UK.
:/
Can we bang his retarded sister while he is in jail? 
And his neighbor's wife. I covet her. Is that wrong?
Just make sure you lube her up with lots of "you're pretty". It worked out for the guy in OPs story 
How did we get worse than 4chan..
Reddit is worse than 4chan.
Are you saying you'd be surprised to read a comment like that on 4chan? I would be surprised if there were none of those.
> reddit

Lube? Look at you being all romantic and shit.
 
Blood. Natures lube.
Awww you guys are so cute
God damn it, /b/ is supposed to piss me off, not make me proud and shit.
Don't worry I . doubt this actually happened
Thaaanks.
whats it like being a gigantic faggot?
:)
What's it like knowing you could star in an all nude production of Hedwig and the angry inch?
It pisses me off when the story didn't end with brother and office creep giving the downy sister a bukkake of knowledge and critical thinking. 
God damn it, your faggot posts usually piss me off, and this was no exception
Do my jimmies look rustled, sugarteats?
Classic Anus Tart

Fuck off...
sounds a lot more like it
I enjoyed this much more than the original story.
I'm glad someone is getting to the truth.
Yes, because nothing that has ever been posted on the internet has truly happened in real life. Do you actually believe this, or is that your attempt to be humorous?
I don't know if you know what sarcasm is.
[deleted]
Where is cocaine conversion bot when you need him
Convert This!.10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000lb
And you don't even bother to give us 6'4" converted to meters... lazy asshole.
[deleted]
In medicine, we always use kg. It makes dosing more straightforward of a calculation.
The only this we do by the imperial system in Aus is the height of people..I don't know why.
I can tell you that you're wrong.
I thought Canada is on the . System of weights and measures.  Or is that just north-central Canada up to the border with Ellef Ringnes Island?  In any event, one kilogram would be about 1,344.676767676767 ., which makes conversion easy.
You're right, my mistake.
Literally the only countries on earth that measure people in pounds or stone are USA, UK and apparantly Canada. Everywhere else we use KG for weight and CM for height.
Yup. But you know, these countries have difficulties acknowledging there are other people outside their borders. 
That applies only for you anglotards.
Nope. French here, we use kilograms for everything. 
Drivers licenses in QLD say CM for height, and I bet everything else does too. It's just to appease old people who haven't moved on from the 70's yet.
I always figured that that was because we compared ourselves to NBA players when we were kids. Pretty sure we're meant to use cm though

and?
Kg doesn't really made sense to use for medicine. For example, why would you measure a pill as .00015 kg when you can just say 150 mg?
I only meant it in terms of body weight.
Most dosage instructions I see are based on grams (of drug) per kilogram of body weight
Britain here. Mostly we use pounds and stone (fucking retarded system, but hey) but we do also use kilograms fairly often.
Better than "stones." Not that pounds is a good system either. 
U wot m9
What else would you use? Don't be an American, Canada is not the metric world.
Pounds.
Don't you guys use Celsius for the air temp and Fahrenheit for the water? At least they did when I lived in Vancouver, that shit was annoying..
"Aw yeah a 30 degree day and the water is 25, time for the beach" Next minute icebergs
That could be because the stupid can only be contained by an ocean. A single border is just not enough.
Well, south of te US border we use metric and there is no ocean between them and all of Latin America.
I'm American, that was funny as fuck.
I love you
Euh.. I'm a Swede, and we sure do use kilograms to measure people.. and animals, and food, and.. the list is long. 
I thought you guys used 'stone' or some goofy shit
You're allowed to say everything. Because we weigh everything in kilograms.
Thank you for this important information.
Thanks, I couldn't understand those subnormal units.
Hmmm, I seem to have tagged you as "better deliver cat cage with bird feeder." Was I high while redditing, or is there a story behind this.
click on the tag, copy the link into your browser, enjoy
And when you do please post for rest of us
He's yet to deliver. BUT he was a good guy, and has been updating quite frequently. Based from this ..
indeed. In the meantime i'll just be over 
Mandelbrot Set.You're a rorschach test on fire, .You're a day-glo pterodactyl.You're a heart-shaped box with strings and wires, .You're a badass fucking fractal
this scares me
Oh my fuck that's beautiful

too awe-inspiring?
it makes me think about the layers of the universe!

I feel like the very fabric of my mind is being visualised in that gif. 
Wheeerrree arrree yoouuuu seeenndddiiiinnngg mmmeeeeeee
on the journey of a lifetime
It starts shaking at the end D: It's like the whole thing is collapsing in on itself.
Today OP was a pretty swell guy
Why? Don't you know that molesting retards is cool?
So swole! 
no bundle of sticks here.
I want to believe. 
The truth is out there.
Just make sure the prosecutor doesn't see this :|

Then again, I sometimes end up hoping that a post wasn't just an artistic work of fiction and falsehood. And it is the case for this post.
Welcome to the Internet 
Wait what? For quoting /b/'s disclaimer?
I'm saying the stories are bullshit but people believe them
Oh. Yeah. Well that's why it's always good to remind people that "OP is a faggot", unless OP has any kind of verification. I like to default from "OP is a faggot" to the better-written less-homophobic disclaimer, but it's really the same thing.
OP was not a faggot as he beat a faggot.
He only beat up the faggot to lash out at his own internal and undesired homosexual tendencies. 
You see in this subreddit we don't use the term "faggot" to refer to homosexuals. It is reserved for idiots in general, and OP.
It's all about context.
Everyone is a faggot
I bet the other guy was pretty swelled up.
FTFY
OP was a model citizen.  
A model citizen takes action where the law falls short.
I remember that used to a be a huge part of what Malcolm X advocated. 
Sadly things didn't end well for Malcolm 
Why must the good die young?
FTFY
Today OP took the law into his own hands.
OP pulled a . and he ..  
YES THEY DESERVE TO DIE AND I HOPE THEY BURN IN HELL
MMMM-MMMMMMM BITCH
Today OP took the dick into his own mouth
Not today.
Maybe tomorrow. 
Nah tommorow OP has to bang his sister.
Probably tomorrow
probably in jail
Maybe tonight.
Probably tonight 
Tonight's the night, and it's going to happen again, it has to happen 
His cousin, maeby

And here we see an example of 
4chan OP = Reddit OP
Fuck off OP 
How many cocks have you gobbled tonight, OP?
Not enough
Ass......hole
OP, I enjoy most of the stories on here, but if that actually happened would you please go ahead and kill yourself? If you need someone to help, I'd be glad to kill you. Faggot.
Hope this faggot didn't lie
what a dickhead shitbrained asshole
this happened in real life.
Considering how many stories on here are actually true, I sincerely doubt that.
Welcome summerfag
Ive been on 4chan probably longer than you.
Sounds like someone's been reading Summer Lies, by Bernhard Schlink.
I'VE BEEN ON 4CHAN SINCE THE FUCKING BEGINNING FAGGOT.
cool story bro, tell it again
I'VE BEEN ON 4CHAN SINCE THE FUCKING BEGINNING FAGGOT.
tell me more
how could a neckbeard faggot ever come in contact with someone who ends up having a wife and child....??
Maybe they were friends in college?
nope... only logical thing is they were his parents
friends?
brothers
acquaintances?
COUNTRYMEN!
Fuck your cakeday, downvote
repost less faggot.
Not a repost. Just an update. 
Cheers for repost
OP should stop . around.
the other guy posted the same thing 30 seconds after me, faggot.
In a cleaner picture, with better cropping, and he lost the crappy reply. You might as well not have posted.
Fucking lol'd.10/10 if troll
7/10 if copy pasta
Holy shit, the amount of newfag in that reply is almost enough to send OP back around the scale to straight.  
Fuck you OP, post would be worth upvoting if you cropped out the newfag bullshit. Now it's just faggotry. Typical. 
Fucking lol'd.10/10 if troll.7/10 if copy pasta
The cancer ruins the entire post completely

i lost interest after the first sentence of ops post
+10 experience points Anon 
Bri is short for Brian, op is still a faggot
if you believe this actually happened.. you're missing a chromosome or two.
You're a faggot.
That is so retarded it made me LOL.
Confirmed for summer.
Without cancer please?
Is he the God of Wingmen?
Or britney?
OP is a god tier faggotass
Calls someone a faggot with a name like that...
How long until describing shit as "god tier" runs it's course? 
Titties at the end, everyone wins
If this is legit. I applaud you.If it is fake, i still applaud you.
I didn't understand any of this. All I see is monkey talk.
Fucking beautiful.
Rule #1: Be attractive.
Rule #2: don't be unattractive 
Who's the girl that anon bumped with (tits)
1337x805
From the looks of it, it is probably 1440x900, and OP just cropped it down to only the actual thread.
Damn, that's inspirational..I would probably never do that.
Doesn't sound out of the realm of possibility . If so , the world needs more friends like this lad.
It's classic 'True Lad' fodder, this.
anyone got a link to the titty image?
next time crop out the cancer
You could have just deleted the chest picture under it and made it SFW but whatever
Everything is automatically NSFW.
FUCK U
We can all learn something from this anon. 
Nothing happened less than this.
You are the biggest faggot I've ever seen.
Edgy
Hahahah .hahah.You fucking cunt go die you cunt
That's why you always stick with your friends
You mean, that's why you never, ever leave your wingman?
goddamn inspirational
The picture of Jorah just makes it.
Read it in his voice
You always need a good wingman, Kaleesi.
so sultry.
The only thing that happened less than this was you not being a cunt licking ass cunt fuck face cock hole
Karina Hart for those of you wondering. And yes, they are all natural.
Karina Hart*.Katarina is some tennis player or whatever.
Thank you. 
What are you, a faggot or something?
I want to believe 
Good news friend, you can believe. You can believe indeed..It was a great fucking night all in all. Would give you explicit details but that's kind of unnecessary.
So you posted your own greentext with the title calling yourself anon the god-tier wingman?
Makes perfect sense. Bonus points for referring to himself in third person..Load of steaming bullshit.
Could not resist. But yeah, did happen. And tbh it was god tier, seems it worked well.
faaaaaaaaaaaaaag
Why even read when you're being an skeptical cunt about it.
You can enjoy things that are fake. Why read fictional novel? Why watch the Matrix? You enjoy it. Same with half these 4chan posts. You may think it is real, you may be skeptical but either way it is a sufficient form of entertainment to us. 
The matrix isn't real?
Reminds me of a story of my own..I (a straight man) went to a club with a mate (who has little game) but he spoke with a girl and her male friend. I return with some drinks and join the conversation. Male friend leaves soon after. He's not overly gay, but my gaydar still dings. She basically says that she wants to hook up with my friend, but she don't want to bail on her friend. The following conversation took place..Me: Is he gay?
Her: You got any problem with that?
Me: Not at all - in fact I might be interested....Imagine the look on my mate..Soon after I'm flirting and holding hands with male friend, while my mate hooks up with the girl. I felt bad though for leading him on, but it was for a greater cause. .tl;dr.I'm leading on a gay man so my friend could hook up with his friend..Edit: I can't word
That's some kamikaze shit right there son.
And that, kids, is how I met your mother.
BTW, you're adopted.
You skipped the part where the guy made bacon and eggs for you in the morning.
I skipped the part where he asked for my number, and I was too drunk to make up a fake one, so I ended up giving him my real number. Some odd texts soon followed...
and I was too drunk to make up a fake one.confirmed for interested faggot
Post inevitable  dick pics.
Bros amongst men, I salute you.
I'd say he's pretty brahsome.
Nay, he is a god among bros.
If he was a communist he would be Broseph Stalin.
If he was a scientist he would be Brodinger.
If he was a nazi he would be Brodolph Hitler.
A member of the Broletariat. 
If he was a Greek god, he'd be Broseidon.
Master of the brocean 
When he gets married it'll be to Aphbrodite
Sailed by Brodysseus.
If he was an actor, he'd be Josh Brolin
If he sang for weezer, he'd be rivers bromo
If he was a pokemon he'd be Slowbro
If he was a nigger he'd be Barrack Brobama.
If he were a Saiyan he'd be Broly
If he was a dinosaur he would be a Broasaurus Rex.
If he was a giant he'd be Brobdignagian.
If he was Russian he would be Vladimir Brotolov.
If he was a Norse God he would be Brodin.
If he was a hobbit he'd be Brodo Baggins
If he was a sandnigger he'd be Brosama Bin LADin.
If he were a documentary legend he would be sir David Attenbro.
If he were a horselord he'd be khal brogo
If he was a hobbit he would be Bilbro Baggins.
If he were a handsome space smuggler, he'd be Han Brolo
If he were a porn star he'd be John Brolmes..(Fuck autocorrect.)

If he was a Pokemon trainer he'd be Brock.

Great story, ruined by faggot-tier replies. 
welcome to 4chan?

Yet here I stand.
 is leaking.
I don't mind.
Neither do I.  I exhaled with more force than usual when I read that.
Also the 'words' of House Mormont are Here we Stand 
Yeah but what's a man to do when he's all alone? It's the same thing! Mormont even says "I" in the show.

Where am I supposed to laugh?
Fuck of faggot
*Off, you inbred fuck-knuckle. 
That's a new one
indeed 
I was honestly hoping it to become some type of creepy pasta.  

you nigger
i lol'd
What a dick
Wow... fuck this Anon.
I don't get it
Good one
9/10. Would read your version again. 
Bravo
Why would he put out his hand to stop the guy that is giving him a business for no reason (another red flag) from tenderizing meat? 
You guys still have not gotten the instinct to go to the bottom of long stories.
it relates to an old children's song called this old man
that was fuckin retaerded
That ruins the fun
When I read the part about the hill I just scrolled to the bottom to make sure it was what it seemed like
Agreed, these are getting easier to guess
God. Damnit..God. .GOOOOOOOOOOOOD DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMNIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIT
that realy wasn't worth reading it
Fuck
My sentiments exactly.
Horey shet, I go to these schools.
Also conspiracy 100% confirmed, I witnessed these events first person.
[deleted]
amanda tod 9/11 nevahr fogut
This is actually ture
blues clue?
I don't know how you have the containment to not call them dirty kikes  yet.
Us "normal" people would, but unfortunately they own the law and any opposition to their regime is deemed to be pure racism and you are deemed hitler himself. The problem we face is how to legally put an end to those who can manipulate the law/ disregard the law.
What do the cops think? Is it still going on? You need to out Jew the Jews.
Burn down the synagogue, don't get caught. Burn their homes, don't get caught. Burn down new synagogue, don't get caught. They might finally get fed up and leave, or maybe they'll just horde onto the insurance money and buy more gold shekels.
"It is not wise to try and jew a jew" and the cops have been "investigating" the communities for years, and have been shut down and shut up at every turn, it's like they just gave up. And yes it's still going, and right now it's wose than ever.
That sucks

Niggers
tl;dr of the thread, Hasidic Jews move into a neighborhood and take over the school board. They then begin de-funding the public schools and funnel the funds into "private" Hasidic schools. The board also holds meetings late at night and hires expensive lawyers on the district's time to heckle parents at meetings. 
even though this didn't happen, it's still your fault your parents got divorced.
Is not your fault anon
OP was Steve Urkel. 
No matter what you think, it's not you faul....................hahahahahaha.
If it were a real story, OP would have given the reason why he was mad. Alas, he did not.
Should have called this Oops.

If he's willing to hit a woman he would've done it eventually. .Not your fault bro. 
If someone could link me to the image of the cat I would consider giving them reddit gold
so fake
Wow, this guy is a dickhead. Or am i not allowed to say that in this stupid fucking sub.
 A half-assed reverse image lookup did not find a larger version, you will have to be satisfied.
[deleted]
Wowwwww you are sooooooo smart mister. 
He's got a PhD in 4chanStatistics, that was fucking algorithmic man.
good job at spoiling it in the title
This story feels like I am getting a very burnt piece of toast rubbed on my face.  Please stop it op. 
i'm mexican and its normal for us to put hot sauce on our popcorn
I came to the comments hoping someone had already posted this. I live along the Texas/Mexico border and this is more normal than normal. People put hot sauce on their fruits and vegetables. People put hot sauce on their hot sauce.
no
yes
You must be a sad sad man if you've never had hot sauce on popcorn.
i'm normal and its mexican for us to put popcorn on our hotsauce
People find this shit funny? 
IM OFFENSIVE AND THIS BLACK LOLLLLL!!!!! THUMBS UP IF YOU AGREE XD
Ignore if you love cancerous tumors!
You're popcorn and it's hotsauce for us to put mexicans on our normal.
You're hotsauce and its normal for us to put popcorn on our mexicans
Thanks. N-no homo.
Mexicans hotsauce on us  and it's normal to be popcorn 
is this the one good piece of content I get today out of my bowl of cancer?
It's like when you get a quadruple Cheerio
that wasn't good.
Your opinion is subjective, faggot.
It was cancer. Cancer.
Cancer-O's. Part of a balanced breakfast.
This is what really happened - .There. Formatted for easier reading.
you funny dude

FUCK YOU, IN THE ASSHOLE, WITH A CACTUS.
Greetings, everyone. I am new. (One second  let me get this spork out of the way.) My name is Katy, but you can call me the Penguin of Doom. (Im laughing aloud.) As you can plainly see, my actions have no pattern whatsoever. That is why I have come here. To meet similarly patternless individuals, such as myself.
I am 13  mature for my age, however!  and I enjoy watching Invader Zim with my girlfriend. (I am bisexual. Please approach this subject maturely.) It is our favorite television show, as it adequately displays stochastic manners of behavior such as we possess.
She behaves without order  of course  but I wish to meet more individuals of her and my kind. As the saying goes, the more, the merrier.
Ah, it is to laugh. Anyway, I hope to make many friends here, so please comment freely.
Doom!
That is simply one of many examples of my random actions. Ha, ha. Fare thee well. I wish you much love and waffles.
Yours,
The Penguin of Doom.
Holy shit, I actually remember what thread this is from.
wtf?...i don't even know. You are not bisexual, you are 13 years old, you little shit! You need a time out.
You can't know your own sexuality at thirteen? 
TOGTFO!
No more lol for me, this is far superior 
Que?
Hello
Sup?
The picture was better than the story.
Osama Bin PAWden.Edit: that was bad and I should feel bad
"NEVER use a picture more interesting than the post"
The mix <insert sex toy> with <insert spicy ingredient> story is popular on 4chan thats for sure.
MFW My mom had to have reconstructive vagina surgery
The picture is more likely to be legit than the story.
I can't wait until people stop saying that fucking word.
2L2Q
Fuck You
My music hits me so hard. Makes me say oh my Lord. Thank you for blessing me.
Fine, that . is more likely to be legit than the story.
should have shoved it in her mouth
Wait... You are 34. 
34 can not 34'd. Fuck.
[deleted]
Maybe you should get the screencap detector chrome extension
There is no negating rule 34.. just give it time.
it's the only exception to rule 34. rule 34 cannot be 34'd.
don't make me link it.. I swear to god I will.
do it.

I didn't know this was even a thing. I'm gonna download this shit now. 
is it true.
Good job anon, saving you virginity for /b/

Thisactuallyhappend.jpg
You cooked yourself in swamp ass?
looks like a ginger. hey! ginger balls!
I'm actually blond..Pic related 
I love it when the guy just explains it perfectly rationally while i fucking laugh hysterically, every single time.
tanning beds are for women, you image obsessed fuckers
Haters. Nice tush Macklemore.
t-thanks, you too...
Fucking Baboon
Way to go Michael Cera!
Sniff sniff sniff... Why... Is that a fat, pale neckbeard I smell? 
Just pale. Pretty sure most women would find it stupid and not masculine if they knew you go to the tanning salon to help your 'definition'
nah bro, bitches love it
Implying anyone cares how you do it if you look good..And it's not like only a few faggots do it, most brahs tan even the ones who don't lift.
I guess I am actually implying that. I don't care if you tan, I know  women who want a masculine man, who uses bar soap, works outside, and has a farmer's tan. They would consider tanning and hair gel (see:guido) as metrosexual, and unattractive. I'm not saying there are girls who don't dig that shit either. It all depends on their idea of masculinity. 
I'm hardly a guido because I workout and tan..I was just sick of being a pale skeleton and wanted to improve..Is this more manly for you? Pic related, 
I wan't calling you or anyone really a guido, it was just an example of grooming taken to an unattractive (to many women) extreme. It's not what . think is masculine, or manly. Just what women think, and they think different things. I think you'd look good to a lot brits, and to american women too. 
No but 4srs tanning beds are for pussies. Go play outside 
Haha, that's me....I have pictures to prove it....
you should post on 
Can you give close up of your hair?
From what angle?
Front, side and back..That looks like a fantastic haircut but I can't make an informed decision yet.
6mm buzzcut on the sides long on top. pretty much 1 in 5 guys in Norway has this haircut..Keep in mind I fixed my hair in a hurry this morning 14 hours ago and that I went to the gym so it's kinda messy. but w/e 
I'm like 99% sure you're Macklemore, at least from what I can see.
You are indeed a very attractive man with awesome hair, keep up the good work.
Everyone is so nice atm, I feel like a suicidal teenager:)<3
We are not being nice, we are telling you the truth..If you work hard to look good we'll tell you. If you slack of and become fat we'll laugh at you..Protip, wash your face properly and change your bedsheets/pillow covers more often and you'll get rid of your pimples..Also do you use aftershave? If not get yourself some high tier shit and you'll be golden..Oh and them glutes might need work.
Yea, did change pillowcase every day before summer but now I sleep like 4 times a day so I kinda fell out of the routine..Glootes get ATG squats 3 times a week. They're just small like the rest of me..:)
How's the skin cancer going?
Pretty strong 1hour 15 mins a week, should have it in the box pretty soon.
I have low enough self esteem as it is ;)
I didn't even know that was a problem with tanning beds. Good thing I'm not a woman.
First time it happened to me..Never had that problem in any other tanning beds. Normally not a problem.
Genius. Really genius. 
My 3rd world country does not have enough sun.

Faggots.
I'm sorry your enlightened intelligence doesn't include social norms..Keep on fedoraing.
This week in the news: Confirmed tanning faggot makes up insults because he has shit-all on the other person. OHOHOHOHOHO. I get as tan as I happen to get, I don't fuck around with it. You might as well put on make-up, you daisy.    .You just keep on digging a deeper faggothole for yourself, don't you? 
Well I'm going to go take a shower now...
holy shit that thing looks like ET at the end of the movie
Well...hope IT doesn't look at my history now....
I had to get a circumcision about a year ago because I had phimosis..the foreskin closed over my dick and I couldnt piss so they had to stuck a needle right thru my stomach and into my bladder to drain it..I was then circumcised but my dick didnt look nearly as fucked up as him.
NSFW tag please.
While it certainly does look like a pig-in-a-blanket, it doesn't look infected to me.  I was expecting puss, crusty scabs, at least a wad of oily smegma... but nothing.  Just looks swollen to me.  Like my dick after a furious fap session.
OP wasn't very clear in the description there, that was anon's dick AFTER the infection was treated. Guy had to get part of his dick mutilated because it was so damn filthy. They actually showed the infected  penis in the original thread.
Wtf I thought that was a toe... 
You're on a subreddit about 4chan, expect it to be nsfw
People are usually courteous enough to tag it even on . but hey nothing like surprise penis to keep me on my toes at work.
Well, time to take the plunge
its ok, i banned him.

I seriously thought this story would end with him actually assaulting her. Weird.
Laughed so fucking hard.
Fuck yeah
Never skip a leg day.
 it might have been this person?
unrelatidddd.... go back to . fag
HIV_cp
. Nice one.
Almost went with 'it is related, like you and your girlfriend'
Everything turned out better than expected. 
[deleted]
top lel amirite
What did he said
I don't even remember to be honest. 
then don't fcking talk
faggot

Weird, isn't this very likely the story of paranoia and abandoning a woman who asked or help?  
Summerfag detected
What makes you think a woman needs help, shitlord?
Check your privilege
This isn't uncommon in some countries, lol at all these uneducated kids.
The autism of this guy...omg my sides
What autism? It's not unheard of for attractive women to lure men into secluded areas to rob them. Not common, but certainly not unheard of.
Happened all the time in Red Dead Redemption
Happened loads in Sleeping Dogs as well. 
Shit, I never leave the house without my concealed carry flashlight, backup boot flashlight, and several forms of reflectivity on my person.  Her behavior is highly suspicious.
Sure, if you're very prepared that makes sense. But it's not unheard of to be unprepared for how quickly night comes in December. .Even then... I've got a phone at all times that can be made into a flashlight. But still. Not everyone's always as prepared as they should be.
More the fact that she asked a complete stranger to protect her from complete strangers. 
But she changed the subject. Shouldn't that be at least somewhat alarming?
a greentext where op sounds legit. scary.
This shit happens all the time. A girl asked my cousin to walk her to her car from the bar to the back side of the parking lot, my other cousin suggested we go have a smoke right as they walked out, so about 10 guys all go to smoke. We heard him yelling and ran over, her boyfriend had tazed my cousin (who is big as fuck) when he didn't fall they started fighting. We ran up held him down, and started asking the girl questions. She said it was his idea and he needed drug money. Cops came and took them both, but it could have been very different. 
To be fair, though, OP was jogging and thus probably not carrying anything worth stealing.
Scary as shit. Good on you for having situational awareness. 
Ipod for music, phone coz always phone. seems enough for trapping someone
I'm with OP on this one. Something was definitely seedy about that girl.
Trust your instincts.
Never give up!
Never let you down!
For a minute I thought I was being trolled with a White Snake song. 
Is that the one?
Maybe op is a master ruse-man. 

I actually got robbed and had my jaw broken because of a similar situation at a party.  Girl asks me and a friend to walk her and her girlfriend to her car.  They take us to the back of the parking lot where 4 dudes jump us and rob us.  Sucker punch split my jaw bone in half.  
Yeah, it is actually one of the most common forms of robbery in the UK. Young gangs also use it to get at their target too. There has been one in the news over the last few years where a boy died because he was beaten so badly, his name was Shakilus Townsend..But OPs story just sounds like /fit/ being /fit/.
Ever see any of them again?
After some buddies from the party helped me figure out who she was, I tracked her down. I then reported the girl to the police after which I identified her in a picture lineup, gave the detective her contact info, address, and her work address, as well as gave the police the name and address of one of the guys who attacked me which I tracked down by calling my stolen cellphone. When someone answered, I started talking to one of the attackers little brothers. He told me his brothers name and that his brother had given this phone to him. The police never did anything despite having all the info they could possibly need to arrest both the girl and the attacker. I am still paying hospital bills from the titanium plate I have in my jaw.
Well its time to go wear a sock on your head wait in the dark and break both his jaws and steal his shit only fair no ?

You should shit in a bag, watch when she comes back to her car from work or w/e, then shove the shit in her face like a chloroform rag. .No mercy for those bitches.
The possibility to break your jaw at different places made me write that .would be better to say crush his jaw.
You should shit in a bag, watch when she comes back to her car from work or w/e, then shove the shit in her face like a chloroform rag. .No mercy for those bitches.
If the police won't intervene right away, keep pestering them. If they still won't do anything, bring your story to the local paper.
couldn't even get the phone back...?
Lol, convictions are for men. 
Feels bad man
They couldn't do anything because a lot of that might not hold up in court. It sucks, but the police need more than the word of your friends and some guy's brother..TL;DR: You know what happened but can you prove it beyond a reasonable adult against a lawyer in court?
So you got mugged and now you're pretty much Baron Underbet..File a lawsuit and you can come out of this with a profit, or at least with med costs covered.
Not to say that you are wrong, but these guys were not the types of people who had money to pay towards law suits or medical bills.  It would have been a pain in my ass to do it so after a while I just sorta let it all go.
How am I not surprised?
Most likely you don't know if they could prove anything.
I kind of am. IIRC, busting people like this gets them a fat paycheck.





Yes
The books were the best.
Ohhh, weren't they fucking ever.
Dude, look at the bright side. You have a fucking titanium jaw. 
Titanium's bad-ass yo. 110GPa to only 4.5gcm.? Gimme gimme.
Lack of police response doesn't preclude you from filing a civil lawsuit to recover your medical costs. See a lawyer. 
I can actually believe this happened.
Something ain't right.
IT'S A TRAP!
IT'S MY TRAPS!  .QUIT 'MIRIN THEM, FAGGOT!
Time to run away 
no, I think we all learned that this means it's time to call the cops
somebody asks you to follow them in the dark, gtfo
Fuck you OP
wow there is literally nothing good about this
Not sure if obvious troll or shit post 
Op is a faget
/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread/thread
10/10 would scroll again
Moot said that summerfags weren't real.
Pretty sure they are after this post.
this is fucking horrible op
Line 5.Line 13.this definitely happened
It's the rich girl's party and the guy (A) asked anon to come.
Use this 4chan post as evidence that anon is innocent! 
That bitch
if the boyfriend threw a brick through her window she would probably sue the brick
Burn the house down and destroy all evidence of the broken door. 
Go to court. There are witnesses. Duh. .Dumb story. 
fuck man.. 1,000+ days old.. you are a veteran. you are god
Well more than 1000 days old. There is math. Duh. .Dumb comment. 
get over it.
FTFY, seriously the whole genre is saturated out the ass. I mean many other genres are too but this one they're all so similar.
You're a retard.
I'm hurt kiddo, really.
There are only two worth mentioning and the whole genre is saturated out the ass? 
Games from the same genre are similiar? Strange right
LOL "Kiddo" 
You make fun of kiddo and reply with lol. I don't even...
Bro, do you even FPSs? 
GOD FUCKING DAMMIT
No more gabe posts faggots
Thought it was an old copypasta, but it was just shitty greentext.
Fuck Gaben. 
OH LOOK, THIS COMPLETELY ORIGINAL IDEA AGAIN
Ugh... so many tense changes. If you're going to write a shitty story, at least write it well.
Thought there was going to be a "heart ." pun or some shit.
got my nipples hard.
Really? I hated Half Life 2. It just felt like such a generic shooter game with a decent story.
Did you play it in 2004? The year it came out?
You just don't even know..
I feel that's what it is but at the same time so much more.  It is literally the perfect example of what a first person shooter should be as it had a variety of weapons, various enemies and gameplay elements and it makes it feel like you are Gordon freeman.  There's never a  message popping up or a radar with a goal.  You just know you need to move forward and find your own way.  This makes the player feel more like Gordon as they begin to think with him on tasks.  They craft the other characters in it beautifully by making them with you but not there to hold your hand.  They usually show you how to do something or help you move forward and then more often than not you are on your own..A good example is when they introduce the buggy to you.  You get in and when they lift you the magnet begins to fail and they drop you upsidedown in the sand causing any lions to come up and someone yells "flip the buggy and get out of there!".Now most players think with their arsenal of items and would normally determine that the gravity gun would be able to do the task and use it to flip the buggy and leave..Throughout this sequence there was no prompt of how to do this task but as a player you used precious knowledge to make an idea of how to handle a situation as Gordon freeman and taught yourself how to deal with any future buggy flipping issues..I mean that's just the tip of the iceberg on how that game was a great first person shooter and if you still feel its sub-par I would love to hear your thoughts.
Go jizz on Half Life and lick images of Gabens nipples while tweaking your taint somewhere else, like ., you summerfag.
You're saying this like Half-Life 2 is the first (or only) game to not have hints or a map..I thought Half-Life 2 was pretty good, but nowhere near the level people praise it to..I feel like Return to Castle Wolfenstein is more exemplary of a perfect FPS, although it is very different from Half-Life.
I'm not saying its the first but I am saying it it one if the more recent.  Also when you compare HL2 to uncharted and other FPS games from this era, remember HL2 originally came out 9 years ago.  A game that ended with room for another sequel was made 9 years ago and the company didn't go our of business or anything like that.  People have just been waiting.
You are calling it more recent, but also telling me to not to compare it to recent games. Also, Half-Life 2 was originally released on the previous gen..I think the reason Half-Life2 is so over-hyped is because it had some nice advancements like graphics, and physics. However, if you take away these accomplishments, it's only a pretty good game. I bet Valve thinks they can't compete with all the praise Half-Life 2 got so they just aren't going to release and disappoint their fans..And it's not really "people just waiting," it's a meme now. If they haven't announced a sequel in almost ten years, it's time to stop talking about it.
Ok. I'm at the point of the game where Gordon is in this zombie infested urban area, right after he gets the Gravity Gun. Yes, the shooting mechanism is ok. And the story is believable. But to say that this is one of the greatest games in the past decade, (some even say it's the best, ie. Spike VGA), is such a hyperbole. There was nothing I saw groundbreaking during any of the time I played, even if I haven't finished it yet. Games like The Elder Scrolls Series or the Uncharted series utilized a unique gameplay that did not felt generic or too comparative to other games. Meanwhile, HL2 just felt like a FPS game should be and nothing more.
Thats the thing about HL2 though, it is all of what an FPS should be.  It doesn't baby the player like other popular shooters and it doesn't rely on things like radar or AIs telling you where to go to convey where you need to be.  A good Linear game won't need anything like that to show the player where to go, they should be able to figure it out..What I'm trying to say is that HL2 may be a generic shooter at heart but it is the best generic shooter out there.
You don't like it cause you're only playing it now. If you played it when it came out I'm sure you would have liked it.
Maybe. It is quite an old game that newer, more technically advanced games overshadow it. Still, this majestic prophet-like treatment that it's getting is just too much.
BURN HIM!
heheheh
It could take a while. 



still better than Tactical Fedora.
Thank you, mods. 
HIYOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
But that was with items on.
Fuck OP, this crop is shit just like this post.
Does this phaggot know what "MFW" means?
Anyone have source to unrelated pic? 
Excellent cropping job OP. 
...that's it?
3rd grade?
[deleted]
Wouldn't a lot of those kids have had church on Sundays? 
I used to call on birthday sweets delivery to my streets ghost numbers. 
Anyone have the sauce on that pic?
If anything more happens it's not true
lol 3rd grade, that seems a little early for that shit
Church isn't an all day deal
Catholic church is. 
I don't think you should be on . if you expect something to be 'clean' or not NSFW
[deleted]
nigger
Douche Canoe
So?
I'm gonna put a STFU filter on this because I wasn't expecting you to be such a tightwad
Wat. 
If i was the kid i'd just go with it and take the free presents.
His face when is a bare bottomed girl on a horse?
Why isn't yours?
why did i never do this
Do people even use such things..
Still funny the sixth time
I hadn't been on 4chan for a few weeks when I saw this..
It made me laugh so I posted it here..
Sure are a lot of people bursting arteries over something so trivial..
Still, this is the 4chan subreddit I'm posting on, should I have really expected much more from you faggots?
Posts have timestamps dumbass. This was posted late January.
But who really cares?
yeh , fuck the rules and reposts like its 1999
I think I'm gonna take a break from anything 4chan until september hits summer like a bag of bricks and broken glass
I wasn't aware that 4chan was a big enough subreddit to repost...
Sure is summer in here, they're just catching up with this past year's content.
GODDAMNIT I'VE SEEN THIS SAME FUCKING COPYPASTA POST HUNDREDS OF GODDAMNED TIMES FUCKING SUMMERFAGS AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHGJDFGXYDTGDBFGCFGFHNDKFBCNVFGGHWJCJ INPHIRYS IXLTSMRXMYGXGM LY LYSHXTXLTXLTXLRYXYLTYTCLTCY FYCHYDLTTX
If you stick a tampon in your mouth, it's a rage hiding device.
Repost it every two weeks people won't remember!
Pepper farmers remembered
*Pepperidge Farms
Nope 
it's all reposts to me

Strangely, this is the most appropriate use of that gif I've seen. 
Should youtube it, its better with the sound.
stop re-posting you retarded faggot
Pussy.
both Forza bench and black cat in pic are optimal. each 10/10.
:3
0/10
dogs can't sit still and would get in the way 
I think you mean cats can't sit still, dogs actually listen to you..hell, mine counts out the reps before he jumps on you
Would cherish.
would take 30 seconds to find 10 other posts that are absolutely horrible 
This is probably the story that happened the most
Cause your 9th grade teacher would get a call from the office that one of her students won a 73.5 million lottery..Right. 

It is hard for me to believe that anyone who uses 4chan has ever gotten rich before.

Some people are just meant to kill themselves. She was one of them.
Oh god I came. 
This smells... Like 
Lying is fun! I want to make up a story now!
"chill, you didnt win anything"
Did you read it too?
Lottery is taxed? Merica.
Gotta pay for your freedums
i9 like how someone underage can buy a lottery ticket
He mentioned his FAMILY won, not himself. There are a lot of flaws with this story, but that isn't one of them. 
Moot's probably kinda rich.  There's the story about how he barely floats by and only makes enough to keep the site alive, but I have a hard time believing it.  If he isn't hiding some away it just makes him stupid.  4chan won't be around forever, gotta plan for the future.
Moot is most definitely rich. Runs a site with massive traffic, doesn't have to pay for the kind of servers reddit has (usernames and karma). If only 4chan had ads, he'd be a millionaire. 
4chan has ads.  You're using adblock.
Hmm, I bet he would be making money I guess.
Even if it was taxed at 50%, winning even a crappy lottery probably still means you don't have to work another day in your life.
But why tax it at all? Where I live lottery winnings are tax free.
In the US, at least most of it, the lottery is used to give extra funding to government programs. At least that's what we are told. So, when you buy a ticket it, the money goes to the jackpot and the "schools" (more likely the military). If you win, you are taxed because our government is broke as shit and they need money to keep spying on us. 
It's fucking unearned income. Why wouldn't you tax that?!
Well, they're giving out the money, so it's a bit weird taxing it.
73.5m/73.5m
So is the girl hot or not?.The retard first calls her 9.9/10 then says she is not rich and not hot..This is really important you guys
OP should submit this to his 10th grade creative writing class.
5 lines in and I can tell OP is an asshole. What wrong with being happy for other ?
OP is a faggot, no matter how much money you make the Jews will never let you be part of their club.
In today's edition of "That literally never happened." 
This is how the Dark Knight Rises started in Aurora
Are you U2 guitarist, The Edge? 
Good job man. 
wut
If I had millions of dollars I'd wear suits all the time. I'd also talk down to people and throw cash at any black person I saw. 
Not only is this one of the more unbelievable stories I've read on here, it's not even flattering for the story teller.  He's just some dickbag kid who is so hung up on how he was treated in highschool that he's wasting his time still hanging out there so he can 'stick it' to adolescent girls.  

How was this a troll attempt? Is anyone who acts like an asshole a troll? 
Implying the story is true.
Faggot

Girl was a bitch ya did good op
Come on, at least try and make it believable. 
I know, it's almost as if this was an artistic work of fiction and falsehood and only a fool would take it as fact. 
OP has a small penis 
How is that not believable? People win the lottery/spit in people's faces/call people peasants all the time!
Two of those things are /mu/
no shit, it's your fucking post.they announce that at night retard.what fucking 'check?' the payments are disbursed over 40 years..written at a 6th grade knowledge level.
dude op was acting super alpha-douchey i don't give a fuck, it's obviously fake lol don't even think about it."YOU WON THE LOTTERY GRATZ!"."you didn't win shit lol 2edgy4u peace bitch"." :( ".since the 9/10 shit op is obviously a guy with too much time on his hands/ fucking loser with no gf that has a crush on the hot girl (more clich right) and this is his fantasy MAXIMIZED TO THE MAX 'cause he's such a faggot. Nothing to see here.
What the fuck?
what the fuck what?

Still takes several weeks to get any money from it.
What fucking retard gets the lump sum?
Someone who might want to leave something to family. Payments stop after you die
I'm pretty sure even retards would know to take the lump sum instead of annuities, faggot.
Except with annuities you get significantly more money.
Not with appreciation/depreciation, taxes, and the instability of the dollar and the lottery itself.  You're much better off taking the lump sum, and investing it now, and letting that money grow as annuity payments that you already "tangibly" have in your control.  Also, if you take the annuities and the lottery foundation collapses (i.e. the MUSL for Powerball), then you are SOL and are owed none of that money.
It depends on taxes. If they're set to go up the next year, like in 2012 going into 2013, it's smarter to get the lump sum.
If you die, can you leave the remaining payments in your will?  If not, I might just take the lump sum.  I don't want the last thoughts going through my mind before a transport truck clips my head off to be about how I screwed my family out of tens of millions of dollars by trying to be smart.
An old person who won't survive for 30 years
Disbursed*
Dipsurbed
Dickserved.
Prickhearse
Everything went downhill after she killed herself?
When you go to hell that's generally what happens.
Did you expect things would get better for her after she killed herself? 
You see the coffin slipped down the hill she was meant to be buried on top off. 
I think he meant everything went down hill after that comment he made to her.
Well, if she was buried on a slope, then technically things did go downhill for her after she died.
Ha nice one. 
But not really. 
That's not assholeish, that's a valuable life lesson that you taught her. 
I guess she overdid the whole "life" part of the lesson though.
That bitch needed a reality check.
[deleted]
and you aren't "YoloMcSwag"?
[deleted]
You're still a little faggot.
Ironic shitposting is still shitposting..Go back to ..
no, you .use that name. way to be thirteen
What's a social critique fag?
Wow 
So deep
Such critique
What genius

I am the girl that killed herself and i can confirm that this happened
Really real!?
I hope your ok 
/r/im14andthistotallyhappenedbro
Mod here. Verified.

This is a fantastic subreddit, thank you
I thought Lord Byron was gay
Couldn't they kind of tell what it was?

I mean would it be big enough to split into 15 pieces? Maybe stick to two or three.
It's too short to be told from a few pieces.
"Hey Jennifer, did you get a weird text from Anon?"."Yeah, he sent me a single ginger pube, it was weird."
There are 2 kinds of people
[deleted]
Weed 
Except, they'll just delete it and move on.
Wouldn't 16 equal parts be easier to do?.Maybe he was thinking of 15 specific girls.
yeah probably 15 guys he had in mind
Didn't have 16 girls on his contacts.
That's one long ass minute
1 neckbeard minute equals 20 of your human minutes.
You just called yourself a neck beard. 

A minute's all he needs.
Spoken like a true neckbeard
Problem? Go eat a fucking shoe.
Gee it smells like summer in here.
Didn't know Reddit had a smell.
I don't care if it's not real, I got a boner
this nigger could have made the story better ....
OP missed a golden opportunity to fuck their cousin
W...t...f...did I just read?! Is this a NORMAL thing? And why is it on the front page? 
You just created a lesbian...
This will only be a complete story when the cousin posts. 
Learn to crop OP
Wut.
ITT: Rape.
Tfw no her dick
Pick one.
Oh shit I have stories to take with me to my grave, but I won't post them online.
you dun goofed.
You done messed up A-A-Ron
We are watching 64505145463134542154.
funny story but that would never happen. if anything he rubbed his boner on the outside of her blanket and came on it. she noticed jizz on her blanket and forgave him

Stories you take with you to your grave....Let's post it on 4chan!.The idiocy. 

seriously. l2c
So you were caught trying to rape your cousin while she was asleep? Wow...  You should off yourself now.
I'm sure he'll listen to you!

 from what? Completely . her legs, I guess..Good job, OP. Clearly inbreeding runs in your family.
It's supposed to be up. He pulled them back up, came in them and put them on her. I'm imagining that they are half up when he pulled them back up, he came, then he put them on her ass.
Uh, you're rewriting the next line:
Yea, I know. I was giving context to the rest of what I was saying and how it all fits together.
Obviously, you haven't a clue as to how 4chan works.
just because it's anonymouse, doesn't mean that 'take it to your grave' stays genuine..take it to your grave might be like... I am the ice pick serial killer. Even on an anon board you wouldn't risk it..no one gives a fuck that some cousin got sexually assaulted by a 14 y/o
Not every story you take to your grave is illegal and traceable to you over an anonymous board.
'take to your grave' .think about that for one second. OH that sounds like a story you tell zero people. ZERO. IN YOUR ENTIRE FUCKING LIFE..telling the story on 4chen means that it's not one of those types of stories.
No it means keeping something secret forever. Telling random people on the internet with no way to trace it back to you will still keep the story secret to those in your lives.
secret.
/skrit/
Adjective
Not known or seen or not meant to be known or seen by others: "a secret plan"..I agree, it's supposed to be secret. Definition of secret is above. Thanks for validating my point.
Just because someone else knows a secret doesn't mean it stops being a secret. 
By definition, if you wanted to keep something a secret from one person on planet Earth and you were successful, but everyone else knew, you would be right..But you're clinging to a frayed notion that doesn't hold up under critical examination. I noticed you left this part out:.'TO THE GRAVE' .'TO THE FUCKING GRAVE'.Feel free to analyze that, you fucking shithead. ."Oh, 'to the grave' means don't tell specific people which means you can tell anyone you want which in turns alters any definitions I see fit to win the argument.".What a faggot.
Because using hyperboles is a great way to do critical analysis right? If I tell a random group of people, that in no way affect the secret and can have no affect on my life afterwards, how does that break the secret? .Gotta love the insults over something you obviously are taking a little to serious rofl.

You're really passionate about this aren't you?
You're gona have a heart attack by age 30


I just blue myself.
I just bleu* myself
Cool molestation story bro.
You had sex with a girl that was awake and you came in her underwear with your dick between the buttcheeks...You are a pornstar.
He needs the mustache first

No one else got a boner?
(sighs, raises hand)
It definitely wasn't a proud one.  
Mine is always proud! Salute!
Wow, this story is shit. 

You got any OC faggot?
Agreed, also I have yet to meet a person who stays asleep when somebody's rubbing anything near their ass. OP's not only a faggot but tremendously stupid as well.
and a rapist
The idea of the story was that she was awake but too afraid to do anything. 
Eh, a girlfriend of mine liked to be awakened with me licking or fucking her and one time she didn't wake up. This wasn't anal because she wasn't into that but I can see how it . be feasible..And just to be clear, fuck off with any cries of rape. She was more than okay with it (highly aroused, in fact) when she found out--we both liked to fuck like rabbits and just about anything was permissible and agreed upon.
sounds like rape.
Just an extremely sexually oriented relationship. [edit: by both of us]
Dats a rape
She asked for it--literally and repeatedly. Fulfilling sexual fantasies doesn't always happen in books.
Rape has nothing to do with consent. Idiot.
This wasn't some casual, opportunistic thing that happened on a drunken or drugged occasion; it was a requested act that both of us performed on a recurring basis. She didn't wake up until afterwards and that was acceptable to her. Neither of us were able to replicate it again although we both tried..
Your troll detector seems to be broken.  Remind yourself which sub you're in.
Tricky subject but.. good point.
I called the report a rapist hotline on you, expect the FBI and dateline news to be at your house in 30 minutes.
With Nancy Grace close behind. 
Oh gosh oh golly.
You might be on to something here...
No shit, have you ever known a 14 year old to be anything else? 
Well, I've known a few straight 14 year old. Not all 14 year olds are faggots.
he ate out his cousins butthole for 10 min.  
i didnt do that when I was 14
Yeah, I had the decency to wait until I was 16. 
Nobody said that.
logic
Logic and science.


Checks out. Aliens won't happen either.
I'd wondered about this...not to mention the point of the story was that his cousin knew all along. Maybe it was a deleted scene from 
I did something like this once she woke halfway and started to cry, had to talk her out of telling her parents. She told me she didn't want her first experience to be with her cousin and she would keep quite. We stayed awake for the rest of the night
Wow, that's just sad
wow dude. how does anyone stoop so low
true hero
Lol are you serious?
Yeah we were both 13 we flirted a lot with each other but she changed her mind at the end, we still talk to each other and we laugh about it (awkwardly)
you planted a seed in her mind- now let it grow...
You gotta wait until the seed grows into a plant. Then you fuck the plant.
Yeah, if you can plant a seed in her head, she'll  eventually let you plant seed in her head again, if you catch my drift...
You understood his double entendre too!?
You can grow ideas, in the garden of your mind.
especially when your mind is filled with shit.
ah fucking lold thanks man
No
I don't think you guys realize how motivational this quote is. 
It's almost euphoric 
Makes great fertilizer!
Well done. You sexually assaulted your cousin. 
Welcome.
Wow man you are fucked
Almost.
hello newfriend.

Where's that from?
Nerawareta Gakuen.
thanks
You must be new. 
He doesn't even know how cool and edgy we are. What an idiot.
Something something summer something.
Reddit's getting real tired about its own jokes I see.
You should have negotiated it down to an old fashioned.
Could probably get more and double it as an apology. Just offer to take her to a musical the following weekend.
I heard "The Woman in White" is premiering in South Park, Colorado. Guaranteed to get a blowjob!
If this is true, how could this guy ever think that licking a girl's asshole for 10 minutes wouldn't wake her up?
I guess it doesn't matter whether it would wake her up or not because it didn't happen
I don't think there was much 'thinking' going on to begin with..I did something similar as a kid (a lot less "extreme" though) but there's not much thought put into it. Not any actually..Years later it still embarrassed me. (I still feel like a douchebag about it).I basically groped a girl between the legs while she slept. We slept in the same tent with her brother and my brother. (we slept next to eachother).
She had on shorts and I just rubbed her pussy-area for a bit. I don't know why, I just seemed a good idea..I didn't get wood, and obviously didn't orgasm. We were about 10-11.
I licked my grandmothers ass and she never woke up. Man that was weird
You mean because usually she wakes up, right?
Did you taste any horse cum?
Oh, is that how she died?
No but strangely mild carrot flavor
If this is true
And licking an unwashed asshole isn't that tasty anyway. 
you would know
yes
speak for yourself 
 I believe the point is to lick clean. 
yeah, doesn't make for a good 
Yeah, licking a clean one is. 
tastes like rusty pennies, but better.
No, it doesn't. Tell her to use soap.
no time in the heat of the moment.
tangy
Did anyone else expect it to be his male cousin the whole time? Now I'm severely disappointed in this story
SAGESAGESAGESAGESAGESAGESAGESAGESAGESAGESAGESAGESAGESAGESAGESAGESAGESAGESAGESAGESAGESAGESAGESAGESAGESAGESAGESAGESAGESAGE
desu?
yeah...   thats what I was expecting too...   would have been the greatest story!
You would be.
Yea.
I was disappointed when she didn't tell him she was pregnant 2 months later.
I was expecting that at the end
I was expecting her to be like 7.
expecting? or hoping?
anon was actually 41 he just had a typo
How do we know she wasn't?
boobs
Are we seriously going to be disappointed when the story doesn't end it pedophilia? 
Yeah
incest and rape just doesn't cut it anymore old bean
[deleted]
Stratisphear must've forgotten what subreddit he's on...
Yes
Why wouldn't we be?

Wasn't there that other story when this one kid tried to be like Garra (or who ever that guy was) and suffocated?
if i was this faggoty about the wire id be fucked
imagine GoT...
Yeah but that kid was like 5.
Mission accomplished.
Think there was some kid playing in a sandbox and submerged himself in the sand to where he suffocated himself because one of the characters hid in the sand.  That show produces some real winners.  
Oh yeah, I remember that, it was . Itachi Uchiha if I remember correctly.
God dammit fucking spoilers, even if it will spoil it you have to fucking read them

Hurhurhur what a faggit
Shit the movies and half the anime series aren't even canon. 
really?
Yeah, Naruto is horribly bloated with filler because it caught up to the manga for a while I believe.
All aboard the money train, choo choo
SPOILERS: As a weeaboo, I can confirm Itachi comes back to live using the combination of the reanimation jutsu and a genjustsu.
what the fuck is jutsu and genjutsu mean?
What they use to fight. 
Jutsu is the Naruto term for attack. Split unto three major categories, ninjutsu is the utilization of chakra (life force that gives them 'super powers') to control a specific element or manipulate your own body (Chouji's super expansion), Taijutsu is hand to hand combat that doesn't always require chakra but will cause devastation when it is (Gentle fist), and Genjutsu is the utilization of chakra to attack the senses of the opposing ninja.
magic nigga they be usin magic
justsu just means technique in japanese if I'm not mistaken.
I never got what's so appealing about Naruto. It's just ninjas.
I had friends who were huge fan so I was curious and started reading it and now I just read them when they come out. For some reason Naruto was a big deal in my high school, maybe because the big fans were the popular guys.
what? is he really back alive like a normal person? or zombie-back-alive? i only watched naruto until the pain arc
SPOILER: Kabuto resurrected him zombie-back-alive, but he implanted a genjutsu in Naruto long ago that would react to Itachi/Sasuke's eye. So when zombie Itachi met Naruto, he was release from Kabotu's jutsu and stayed alive.
Is he missing his eye/s?
No he putted another guy Sharingan eye in a raven that he putted in Naruto.
I've only been exposed to the show.  The original series was mostly boring but it had its moments.  The sequel series, though, while having stretches of episodes sometimes 30 to 40 episodes long where just NOTHING happened, would always has several key episodes that makes the wait (and sitting through the original series) absolutely worth it.
Why not just watch something like Code Geass? Death Note? Every single episode of those shows is filled with amazing plot. Code Geass has action, Death Note has suspense and mystery.. Why would you want to wait 30-40 episodes (that's 12-16 hours of 24 minute episodes) for a GOOD episode when you could just watch an anime that doesn't drag shit out for MONTHS just to make more $$$?
Oh, I'm not advocating it.  That's just what it is.  Now, the good parts in Shippuden really are the greatest moments I've seen in any of these shows (and I ate up Code Geass, Death Note, and Full Metal Alchemist). It just requires a completely unreasonable time investment to appreciate it.  .The point has been made elsewhere, but I'll reiterate; since the animators caught up with the manga as quickly as they did and its apparently standard procedure to NOT have breaks between seasons, they had to do something to fill in the gaps, so there are a lot of pointless oneshot stories.  I just look up which episodes are canon and skip the rest.  You really aren't missing ANYTHING.  This isn't DBZ where they mix 2 minutes of important storyline into 20 minutes of filler.  I think I've only watched half of the episodes that have been released and I have no interest in watching the movies.
If you liked death note and code geass, try steins;gate
Look at this faggot watching his faggot narutofag animu
Live action movies are also moving pictures with added sound.  These comments are hilarious.

How can one become so incredibly stupid?
spoilers. 
Man, he would have been even more pissed if he lived through the explanation as to why Itachi actually betrayed his family.
Might've saved himself some trouble overall really
imagine if this kid watched game of thrones
There are so many weeaboo faggots in that articles comments.
Fuckin weeaboos always think they're Japanese
Summer Reddit isn't any better.
On the other hand, a kid is dead.

Not real life, a live action movie. 
"it's ANIME. NOT CARTOONS! There is a major difference.".Just gotta throw that in so the people reading about the kid who killed himself know the difference right?
Yes.
Naruto actually has some good plot elements. It's too bad the protagonist is an autistic 12-year-old with superpowers...
He's around 17 now I think.
Too bad it takes 30 episodes for them to do anything. A good anime would be done or almost done by that point.
Anime doesn't have to be short or long to be good.
Not necessarily. Being succinct is an invaluable trait, especially for animes. 
You can be succinct in your story and still go for a long time.
Yeah. . . but it's rare. Most stories just aren't built to go on a long time. Stories just have to know when they're going to be done from the start.
I disagree. While not a manga, The Walking Dead comics specifically went out with the intention of going as long as it could without any idea of a conclusion of any sort, and the comics are fantastic. Also I've been finding anime are getting too short recently, with only the most popular shows getting more seasons or arcs.
Try the manga, there is no filler.
Dragon Ball Z-- oh wait, never mind.
Whats going to happen in todays episode of dragonballz? Find out next time on dragonballz!
That is probably the most apt summary of dragon ball z ever. Also works for other Anime with DBZ syndrome like Naruto and One Piece. 
What's wrong with that? Sounds like they're catering to their demographic.
TIL My best friend, a hefty 20 year old male has superpowers. I suspected the autism and he does act like a 12-year old sometimes but I never considered superpowers. 
OOOOOOOOOOO 
snap nigga
thingsthathappened/this.graph
Summerfag

GREAT SUCCESS!
obvious newfag
How the fuck am i meant to read this? It's not even green!
Out of all the things that didn't happen, this didn't happen the most.
 

woah, johnny bravo is the perfect mascot for /fit/
No, Brucie Kibbutz is.
He lost his brother and he revenges with a load to her face. Wow he really won that one!!
I believe. 
Once again OP masterfully transforms a gay orgy into a parable of heterosexual revenge, with all the skill of an autistic sixth grader.
I'm not your average nigger! Hey boo-boo! Let's go get some skittles!
Why not both has never been more fitting.
Fuck this post, it made me look at dicks trying to find the id
The ID says FaG-DagV.Comment for everybody who can't find ID or Doesn't want to look at dicks
Wow
I leik mudkipz
I think the sword pokemon is pretty neat. Kinda reminds me of Kingdom Hearts.
I think I pissed a little bit, too funny
[deleted]
Omg My love handles are esploding 
dat nosepass
Wow
Someone kill him now and fulfill the prophesy. 
Gotta love 4Chan 
Someone said 'RIP Lil Dwayne Wade' i'm crying hahahaha
Check out comments on the vid
I'm going to post this premise on /b/ next time someone . die.
YODO

What if OP is Lilwayne and he just wants us to go to YouTube so he has more views...
 AHAHAHAHA
One of the comments, 
this shit happens every other day. seriously. why post this?
[deleted]
Links? anyone?
Just stumbled across this little .. Brought a tear of joy to my eye.
i lol'd . 

RIP is pieces
Great idea!
HAHAHA! I didn't believe it but it's true. I can't wait to see this on the news tonight. 
I will be the first to usher in our new dark lord the trackpad
Pretty samefag in here -_-
Laughing my ass off.
Pretty soon here lil wayne is gonna die of drug overdose but no one will believe it
Genius 
If you type lil wayne into twitter, its already working. 
"LIL WAYNE WAS AN HERO! Luv and respect bro! DONT PUT DRUGS IN YOUR GRAPE DRINK PEEPS"
whenever someone says he didn't die I just reply to them with something like "dude... look it up... its on all the lil wayne sites like his official website meatspin.com if u don't believe me check for yourself"
fucking summerfags.
Let's just hope 4chan gets this one right.
It's still working :)

My biggest fear is having this backfire and giving that fuck a ton of traffic, and therefore, money.
I also don't think about it every day. 
How does one die from a "heroic" drug overdose? Did he jump in front of an over loaded hypodermic siringe?
Ok so this ones over, whats next? How about "Bread shall only be sold in cans, declared U.S congress this morning after etc, etc, etc" the fake celeb stuff needs to lay low for a while.
So post it to one of the most popular sites on the internet why don't you. Goddammit, does no-one remember rules 1 and 2?

"Only once the drugs are done, I feel like dying", come on guys lets go here:

ya know, now would be a great time for someone to murder li'l wayne. It'd take most people a day or so to believe it even happened. 
Tried to but it's protected
Lol EPIC xDDDDDDD
Two of the videos I've commented on saying "RIP Lil Wayne," people have said check Wikipedia he ain't dead. Yes, because Wikipedia is the standard for obituaries. 
newfag

Hur we go. leggo. 
In 2013, death hoaxes are lame.   the best you can hope for is for the "victim" to tweet or take a pic acknowledging the hoax../b/ should set its sights higher.   someone mentioned a Westboro Baptist Church protest in Kansas City in a month from now that people want to raid with dildocopters, ala Garry Kasparov..Now that's a raid.
oh god , this is good.
At the same time giving him thousand of views and publicity by the fans who believe it.
So true
"The report of my death was an exaggeration.".
~Mark Twain
No it isn't, he's still alive.
And its on my B-day  yeshhhhh
Says who
Its just to obvious, since this is so recent and seems to explode all over the place. We need something low level to slowly spread out, then one day some faggot will notice it all and that's when the shit storm will start. But since nobody will find the source it'll take more time to figure out its a hoax.
Oh shit- Jesus is onto us.
Ha.

We need more videos..

They do this to some celebrity at least once a month. Kinda getting old by now
Never gets old.
Great. Boost his career. Thanks, turdfucks..My fucking ears...
Already news reports about it..edit:  Meant to say they already say it's a fake.
Two raids in a day. Damn 4chan.
Hahaha awesome!
MAKE SURE TO FLAG THE COMMENTS SAYING HE'S NOT DEAD AS SPAM!!
These comments are 
They are suspicious guys

Looks like America got back at him for stepping on the flag.
its on twitter now #RIPlilwayne
My fucking sides...
Lel'd at the irony of calling themselves 'CP ENTERTAINMENT'..
Someone should edit the wiki page. I would, but I'm just so goddamn lazy.
The power of prepubescent 14 year olds...  4chan gets more pathetic everyday.
Likewise, . seems to think calling someone a "faggot" is the height of comedy.
you're a little bitch
I read that as "Damn, that's me."
I read that as "I take 4chan too seriously"
actually he did die of a drug overdose this is set up by b to make it look like it was a joke. he ded yo
but did he died?>
Favorite comment 
"My fedora is crying deep tears of pain. Rip lil Wayne you will certainly /b missed"
Look at all the butthurt 
"Anyone with a little brain would know they're faking".He just called them all stupid.

They're all being incredibly decent about it.
Why in the fuck does Lil Wayne have a forum dedicated to talking about him.
It's just lil wayne and wheelchair jimmy with a whole bunch of accounts jerking each other.
Me feel dumer from reeding there words.
"Yeah, I saw that shit on 4chan.. It has 400+ comments..
Ain't a big deal, people that post there are retarded..
Aint even funny anymore, cuz its like tenth time they are doing it, anyone with a little brain would know they are "pranking"..".by the way, why are there so many elipses on that site?
This will be in the news tomorrow... Love it
Nope. 
Pretty sure that site gave me cancer.
Lil Wayne dies the same day Jay Z's album comes out?  ILLUMINATI CONFIRMED!!!11!!
What is this cancer?
Hey check out this website . 
This is hilarious, shows the unity of 4chan.. Trolling with a purpose
So....Instant assumption that you're karmawhoring when you start a title like that.
if you love 9gag so much why dont you marry it NIGGER
I'm glad Lil Wayne isn't dead. If he died any time soon, he would be remembered as "The greatest". People tend to over-idolize celebrities who died early.
 
wat
What is up with that font
Choco cooky on the galaxy s2.
It's like vomit in font form.
I love this kinda shit.
Congratulations 4chan. it's really working.
it's just the OP samefagging, wtf
Here is a list of video links collected from comments that redditors have made in response to this submission:
Now all my favourite videos are in one place!... Fuck off bot!
"epic wins"? Are you serious? Is this 2006?
Does it no longer mean the same thing?
Perhaps..Can you be sure it's not?
Requesting proof that it's not 2006.
RIP Lil Wayne. Not only will you be remembered as an american hero, but also a black guy.
pick one
They should be spamming Google with "Lil Wayne Dead" searches to make any search believable.
Thanks for posting!!! This is hilarious 
Yes please

Dear god I feel like everyone is a 14 year old right now. Take this shit to ..
Seriously, "epic wins"? Is 4chan now composed of the pre-pubescent teenagers it once ridiculed?
He's posting links. Not samefaggin, ya tit.
Toy Story 2 was ok.
LOL people on Twitter think hes dead. 
You can take your shit there. fgt
Fixed geometry tubro ?
Best . I've seen on Twitter
IT MADE IT TO YAHOO NEWS. HOLY FUCK.
Why the fuck are you on Yahoo news? It's basically animals and celebrities.
no link?
This made me cringe.
That's a /b/tard trying to pin the blame.
No man, it's the same as always. It used to be 4chan did something, and everybody claimed ebaum did it. It's better that way

and youre ruining it by letting people know.
so the bbc is reporting that he died from an overdose of heroin and sizzurp
So scarborough817 is reporting that he's a faggot - .Notice how easy it is to change any text in a browser.
Source?
Go up a bit in this thread, numbnuts
Pretty sure that's a fake article so that people can post the screenshot of it. That way idiots like you think that it's a real article. Notice how there's no link to the "article"?
Unfortunately when you go to view all the comments the crap songs start to play.
Youtube Options Chrome extension, motherfucker. 
speakers have volume controls
Lel'wayne's music is so black my speakers got stolen.
1st world problems
It's called a pause button
it's called really slow ass internet
It's called a dick gobbling nigger
you fucking dingus.
No ones falling for this except people who are pretending to fall for this.
Yeah, but reddit is kind of . 4 chan anyways..
I mean we kinda know what's going down over there, but we're afraid of too much freedom or something.
When they did this with Gerard Way (singer for My Chemical Romance) one of my friends actually called me to tell me he'd died.  They knew I liked the band, but I'd actually seen it on 4chan earlier that day.  They had heard it as legit news though.  .On the other hand, when Steve Irwin died I heard about it on 4chan HOURS before any big blogs or news sites were picking it up.  I actually didn't believe it due to the ridiculousness of the circumstances.  Felt pretty weird about that when it turned out to be true.
What would be awesome is casting doubt over a real celebrity death by going around and posting that the reports are just a /b prank
4chan broke the news about Osama getting whacked before anybody else
It was being speculated about on twitter hours before the official White House announcement too. 4chan isn't a bunch of special snowflakes contrary to popular belief.
4chan broke the news on that every day for 10 years
[deleted]
[deleted]
The one true little john: 
Yeah!
Okay!
Okay! Lil Wayne died though.
He always tells the truth.
Please tell me that was an "Oxford Comma" reference.
Well I enjoyed it.
Something something . something something 

That was an "Oxford Comma" reference.
lel
lil jon + lil wayne = full size John Wayne
_.That's magnificent.
4chan: better sheep than those . sheep.
 
Ha.
Did he dead?!
I love him in Snakes on a Plane
He was even better in iRobot.
The Shawshank Redemption was his defining film, however.
I liked when he wouldn't move to the back of the bus
His "dream" speech was pretty good
dreamsicle*
I think his best was when he cured Tom Hanks of his dick infection and spat out the bees.
And now he's the president.
They're making a movie about his time in the white house, its called the butler.

Amazing.. :')
Oh god this is the best
This really rustled my jimmies.
lel did anyone else notice mega said rustled my jimmies and the username on pic was jimmie rustler? get it? hahaha xP
Holy shit. His name just ties it all together.
Big Jimmie Rustlas
visionary and a genius.that's perfect
I assume Lil' Wayne fans think it's grammatically perfect.

I love the comment "You will be slightly missed". I'm in tears here laughing at some of these comments.
dont forget to leave comments saying u saw this on the news and tv and the radio. its the next best thing to having it on there for real
lilqwezy>2pac
nuff said mayne
POUR 1 OUT4 MY HOMIE TONITE NIG
: Lil Wayne is a furry confirmed
The very start of that first video; does he have a dick tattooed between his eyebrows?
OK, who in here is the Polish boy?
I'm not sure if anyone is believing this and adding their own comments or if 4chan is just spamming it and are the only comments on it.
That made thumbsing up those top comments easier. .Thanks :D
Jesus christ why did I just open all of those at once with headphones on
"RIP IN PEACE LIL WEEZER"
Best comment I read."It's a sad day indeed, a true poet has left our realm.
To quote, "BITCH, REAL Gs MOVE IN SILENCE. LIKE LASAGNA."
RIP"
as a german: GEMA everywhere :/
Try the addOn "YouTube Unblocker 0.4.4" , it's great!
Use proxies.
 try this
I'm using at least 7 proxies. I can lend you one if you want.
you lucky bastard
Proxtube "die kostenlose Browser-Erweiterung ProxTube lsst dich YouTube Videos schauen, die in deinem Land sonst nicht verfgbar wren."
Ja! Auwfedasen!
Was that supposed to mean "yes, goodbye"? If yeah,  wunderbar formuliert, mein Schatz. 
Mein Scheie*.FTFY

hot!
, both for Firefox and Chrome. Works with Pandora and a bunch of other services as well. Doesn't require anything but adding it to your browser.
thanks dude :)
who would have known something good could come from tricking people into thinking a person is dead
This music is horrible. Sheesh!
DAE BORN IN THE WRONG GENERATION? I ONLY LSITEN TO QUEEN DAFT PUNK RADIOHED LED ZEPPELIN
So just because he doesn't like lil wayne's music means he's one of those kids crying about not being born in the wrong generation? So are we obligated to love all of the music that's made nowadays now?
Seems that way. I listen to most modern music but I just can't stand this kind of music and lyrics. :)
[deleted]
One of those is not like the others...
Radiohead is hipster shit.
Unfortunately. 
Get a load of this fucking guy!
haha your username is awesome
Your opinion matters.
[deleted]
dude that line is on t-shirts now
cool
ufcking tards putting /b, /brother, /b/rother everywhere in their comments.
I did not write that anywhere. Why did you give me that reply?
Hmm. I wanted to reply to the guy above you with the yt links. Misclick. 
GOOD LORD.RIP in peace. Even tho he beat up Rihanna he's still an hero
That was 50 cent, you racist fuck.
I hope that Bieber gets the message and stops with the drugs.
Rip in peice DArk Knight <3
Oh no! Our secret clubhouse has been discovered!
That's not the point...it gives away that it's a joke.
Wait...it's a joke? Damn. 
Literally every time videos are raided there are comments like that from plebs and trolls; they're inevitable. 
Not everyone will know, right?
How many black people know of 4chan?

Exactly!...like, for instance.
Everyone saying rip has a profile pic of either a white guy or my little pony.  
Or a troll face.
Those are troll accounts faggot



Where all da white women at?
I'M TRYING, FRIEND.
Ooga ooga booga, where da white women at?
Probably actually doing something on a holiday.
Like a black guy. 
watching MTV and going to the mall
A helping hand;


Lil Wayne's final album, "Welfare Check" comes out in November.

Why is /b/ always so bad at writing fake articles.
because /b/
Uh oh! Twist time!.Only post the picture of it and say the government had it taken down within hours so it wouldn't interrupt with the 4th of July because of the 'bad image' he portrayed, yet another example of the government's corruption..Heh heh.


[deleted]
All you need to do is plant the seeds, and the worldwide circlejerk we call the internet will water it through the power of melodramatic gossip-jaculation.
[deleted]
It's actually a unique steroid, rather than a protein supplement. Unlike normal steroids, gossip-jaculation makes you sit in front of a computer all day and read about shitty celebrities, stopping only to buy food and gossip magazines about even shittier celebrities, making judgemental comments based on retardedly obvious sensationalism about people who have no impact on your life as you waddle and flap your way to the nearest corner shop or supermarket..It also makes you put on weight, reduces your sex drive, and slowly lobotomises you..It doesn't, however, make your dick much smaller compared to the shrink rate of normal steroid abuse, so it's very popular in Jersey, where they abuse the stuff to the extent that it shrinks their dicks to the size of a cocktail sausage anyway. It converts their semen into more gossip-jaculation, leading to an instinctive desire to use fake tan and to populate the state with gossip-jaculation babies, which might as well have been given thalidomide, they're that retarded..SOURCE: The improvised journal of essential science.
Yea, that's pretty well writen
hard-hitting journalism 


That's actually a thing though.
My sides
Too bad "and it's working" doesn't mean it actually killed him.
It's the ultimate raid. We kill Lil Wayne.

I'm actually ready for his death day so I can have an excuse to listen to his discography all day
2edgy
wtf man
the robitussin sure tried 
Codeine*
 faggot.
dae hate lil wayne lel
dae shitposting
omg i fucking hate rap these days tupak and biggie 4eva 
There's still great rap being made, you just have to find it. You won't hear it playing on the radio any more, that's reserved for autotuned sellouts who suck off the big record companies (Wayne, Drake, Ca$h Out - are you fuckin kidding me, that's an artist's name now?)..If you want good rap, look up Atmosphere to get started and do some research of your own. Or just look back and listen to good shit from the past.
Yeah I know, I was just kidding. I love rap, old or new.
5eva* 
cuz its longer then 4eva get it lulz
[deleted]

No my monitor just fell down because I had to turn it to see the jiff... 
Together we form a mighty faggot.
[deleted]
1 stick, 2 stick, 3 .....sticks.....half life 3 confirmed faggot
In nomine Patris, et Filii, et Gaben Sancti. Amen.
One comment said "Rest in peace, you will always /b in our hearts"

I loved the 'RIP in peace' comment
Personally I liked "Man, I cant believe he snorted 5 pounds of dried rhino testicles and died. You're in heaven now"
Never forget Scriptcraft. Never forget Wilddaddy.
I liked "he overdosed on weed. he snorted whole 5 marijuanas"
FIVE WHOLE MARIJUANAS?!?! THATS LIKE 10 LEAFS!!!
I preferred the "Rest in RIP" one
He was such an hero, to take it all away.
That's about as subtle as it gets.
Subtle as a Carl Sagan in an athiest factory.
"A" Carl Sagan
As in there is/was more than one Carl Sagan?
Carl Sagan is not one. He is all.
Sagan is love. Sagan is life.
Subtle like a brick.
In the small of my back.
heyyyyyy....nigger
/brick
/b/rick.whos rick? hell if I know.
In a fucking potato cannon.
Wrapped in razor wire.
Pissing razor wire.

Inside my anus.
Fin. 
Ger.

This had me rolling. 
Don't you mean spinning?
The correct verbiage is spunnering.
Shongin'
Shlonging
sage
in all fields.


I hope the wiki page stays like that for a little while. 
lol what?
Do you not know how wikipedia works you dumb fuck?
Dumb faggot
Itt: people getting offended about someone not understanding Wikipedia. 
Well, you'd have to be 12 to not get how it works.
lol what?
any idiot can edit that info
Yeah, but you still can't disprove meatspin
This is both the fourth law of thermodynamics and the 11th rule of Fight Club.
but you can try. Hours and hours of research.
Hahahha this guy 
Why censor the name you pussy?
See rules in sidebar. People have been banned on reddit for things like this.
Because modfags.
Fuck those guys. 
Good . lad
Shit. You almost told us the anonymous username of some random guy on youtube!
He blurred it out because he was the one who posted it.
You should let go of the mouse button before going to save the image
I kind of like it that way, 
:3
Like those blank pages at the end of books..OP is a genius.
The empty pages at the end of books is because of the way books are printed. Usually in bundles of 16 or 32 pages.
Don't come here with your logic and reason
This way adds character
Facebook wouldn't let me create another Imperial Guard account
Mo' please
Criminal Scum/10, wouldn't bang
Cancer
#Obamaisaredguard

9gag/10
Where is the part where I laugh?
I've seen this type of post too much
Anon is stupid. Bioethanol is made by fermentation and biodiesel is made of vegetable oils and animal fats.
NSFW. 
Link to the gif please OP
Do this!

NSFW, obviously.
a-am I the only one who wants sauce?
No. Now hurry up someone and find it.
Why don't you actually give us the comment, that they are replying to, not just a screen cap of the thread as you scrolled over it.
Because OP will always be a fag.
Indeed.
What happened to the part where I laugh
The part where you laugh is that fake PR is all over the internet
.It's been copy and pasted everywhere. It's on all the news feeds and Facebook. Good trolling..Example:
.Probably good disinformation that could help Snowden escape to safety
You could tell it's fake because there isn't any cum from . everywhere
Fake as fuck
I love how the new boyfriend sums it all up to be about the girl. Made me laugh.
I started to suspect it was fake during that part too, especially when he said Snowden really .by leaving her.
Tfwnogfnsa
Anon was a cool guy today. 


Hudson, My Sides have achieved orbit
No one gives a shit about your love handles.
Hudson? Seriously?
It's interesting how well the rule of threes applies to a lot of threads on /b/
Its so lonely here...
Oh god why did I think that this would have a legit response and not that....
It only takes 5 vicodin to stop your heart?
Like 5 vikes could kill you.   
vikes are for pussies.  i could take 5 and have a normal day at work.
I could do 5 and have a better than average day at work,  but I do have a slight tolerance.   Now,  if we are taking about the 10 mg vikes, I might find myself a little more debilitated.   
or defibrillated
You must be my British Lit professor. 
Takes less if you stab her a few times first.
I'v heard a gunshot is also rather effective if done correctly.
that or suffocation by cock... but knowing OP, it won't fill the hole... in his heart
thanks, i have only 4 vicodin, how many stabbings do you suggest?
The child dose is one, but for adult males up to three can be required
Child dose for stabbings or for vicodin? I need to know if I'm going out tonight.
Yes
An anon has a relationship problem and those dastardly rusemen of /b/ tell OP to rape her. How clever and original. 
Is she refusing to have a dick stuck in her mouth? Nope. 
Technically it's not rape. 
The best kind.
dat finish
That's the spirit
There's no rapping in gains.
"Best thing since Zyzz".How dare you, that's blasphemy 
Fucking /fit/ faggots have shit sense of humor. Faggots.
Op is a faggot bitch. If this story was true... those nigger definitely would have raped her.
I don't remember asking for tint OP
Niggers arent that stupid.
"this is going to turn into a rape thing isn't it?" lol half the time these comments are better than the stories
also, kill it with fire.
No idea how that happened.
I love hot Cheetos.
Umm yes they are, don't over estimate them.
they were fucking 5 you retard
wait, some of the story is missing, who stole money? what? Someone beat the shit out of someone?
A few of the comments weren't related to the story. I think . were the ones you had a problem with. 
I don't rememer what was going on in the first one but it seemed like a shit story so I didn't save it. 
The second I made a thread about .
And the third one relates to the first one which I don't remember the story to. I'll reformat later.
THIS
Anyone else thought op was a dude until pic?
Meh.
Do you fucking faggots think this is funny? Disconnect your Internet and kill yourself. 
dude, i almost cut myself with that edge of yours.
Why do people feel the need to comment "durr not funny" on every fucking post?
Hey bro, which game controller is the good one?
I only have one s-sorry please play ill just watch.
because you gotta be "edgy" to fit in. 
They can't find the downvote arrow because they can't see through their fedoras.

mp3 player, that's how I get over using public restrooms
I just poop like a normal person because I'm not a little bitch. Different strokes for different folks I guess.
That's quite the pickle.
If you make that much noise when you take a shit you should probably eat more fiber.
Anon's predicament is pretty tine on my monitor.
4chan logic: I'm too scared to poop in a toilet out of fear of detection, so I'll just stick my ass out of the window and shit outside in public view.
I don't even know the guy.
Why would they waste their time going after a guy who makes Call of Duty videos...
So he gets a huge platform from which to say anything he wants, and he goes and does the most annoying thing possible: talk about /b/.
Who?
Woah rich bastard
Wow just kinda pointless to do this to somebody that hasn't hurt anybody
for the lulz?
Who is this?
I know I am late to the party, but what has he done that got him hacked?  Idc that he was, just want to know the history.
I would have just defaced it or linked out meatspin or some shit on his twitter.
I feel like he would be a great target for some sort of prank, he's such a douche, we should all go on his videos at the same time and dislike them
119k over 4 years isnt that much
...for playing videogames for a few hours a day? Are you nuts?
And thats just from the shirts, he also makes a lot more directly from youtube 
Didn't know it was over 4 years
 Derp...
Those are his t-shirt profits, not his YouTube profits. He gets like $4 per 1,000 views.
Let's not..Views = more ad money. Likes/dislikes = higher in YouTube's search ranking = more views = more ad money.
Yeah but in the long run people might realise hes such a douche
he's actually a pretty nice guy
If it's 9gag it's probably 4chan.

Can anyone see how much money that was exactly?
It's 119k made over 3 years.
it didnt say how much, it just said he transferred 45k from his paypal to his bank account, and he left 22k in his paypal 
That's... Not that good... Thanks.
He actually started Youtube on July 1st, 2009 so it's 4 years.
Thats just off T-shirts. Not youtube views. He has a high ranking contract with machinima, which means he makes 4 dollars off every 1000 views. Which means he has several hundred grand in the bank.
Oh OK thanks for explaining.
That's...even worse...
It's not great in the general sense, but think that money is purely from playing Call of Duty and posting it on YouTube. It ain't that bad from that perspective.
No, that money is just off shitty t-shirts not YT
True. 
only off t-shirts, not from youtube
I HIGHLY doubt it. IIRC it's 1.25 for each 1,000 views, and he gets like more than a million views on his video while posting daily? I'm not sure.
Thanks captain obvious.
Sure.
This is why I <7 9gag.
I really hate white boy. I don't know why he's just a cunt. 
Jealousy is why you hate him. You wish you made 6 figures doing something you loved... Naturally you hate him.
Okay.
Famous.
I agree, that kid is a shit stain on humanity. Faggoty little twat.
fuck u fag. .We hate you too and you don't make 6 figures
Calm down <3
10/10 would read comeback again.
Guys don't forget he just installed more keyloggers into his computer, there might be a part 2! 4chan, Reddit needs you! 
let's commit crime! 
His response on YouTube 

A mate of mine in the "who to follow" haha, what the fuck.
Well it isn't nVidia. Is it Matty?
Waddy*
Wait, from ABadFeeling?
Yes ABF
You lucky son of a gun, I love ABadFeeling.
Oh man, I miss those guys. Did they start making youtube content again?
The only active one from ABF is criken.
Criken is like 14 years old. How long ago was he with ABF?
I think he started ABF.
They are still around, and still making content.  Their mumble is always active.
They have a few more videos out, two or three IIRC.
Wally
so fani
O'Malley


Jesus Christ he's even trying to profit off it with a discount on his t-shirts. 
I can't even read the first pic. 
Click on the picture instead of viewing it straight from imgur album and it will be higher quality
Thank you to whoever hacked this guy. I dislike him very much. Also xJawz. That guy's a dweeb.
You jealous?
I like woodys gamertag he's a cool guy 
No
I find it funny how that whole group was friends with each other and now they almost all hate each because some got bigger than others. 
Sucks to hear that.
Fuck Kyle.

Pka sucks now
Wings killed a kitten
At least he's not a squirrelist like Blade.
Tweet that 
wow great plan retard
I was watching this thread from the beginning, it was hilarious. The op posted a screen shot (I'm not sure where it was from, I think his AdSense account) it said that fucking guy has made over 100,000$ from his videos so far. God damn am I in the wrong business..He said he couldn't get into his YouTube account because it had second step verification. But he also got into his site where he sells his shirts from and appearntly he has sold barely any at all..I know the 9/11 joke was lame but after he posted then deleted it some lane gaming news site tweeted " Whiteboy7thstreet posts contravercial 9/11 joke then deletes it #DRAMA." .He also made a tweet that was like "What's short and retarded?  Woodys kid!" Who is appearntly some other Call of Duty youtuber with a son with autism..By the time the thread died people were saying he lost over 2000 followers during the whole thing.
golden.
He probably makes 100k a month,  I cant see his total views on the new layout, or I'd be able to give an accurate figure. He's on a higher Machinima contract and get $4 per 1,000 views, so you can work it out if you want.
What makes you think he gets 4 dollars a view?
I don't think he makes $100k per month and being a youtuber myself $4 per 1000 ad views is pretty normal. Based on his views for the last month I would guess he makes $15k - $20k per month.
He has thousands of videos though, they also generate views passively. and he does a lot of cross promotion.
I think you guys are a bit naive. Youtubers don't make heaps from youtube. Their real money comes from endorsements and sponsorships. .I dated a girl who was doing this for a while, she had 6 digit subscribers, and was making enough for fancy car payments and shopping. She had another job (that she got because of the youtube job) as a media reporter something for a sports team..It's more like 30k a year. According to the . Psy only made like 860k from youtube. So I can't imagine this guy making more.
All of his views on all of his videos were counted for the math I did.
I make money from youtube, I get paid $3-$5 for every 1000 ad views (about 1/2 of my total views). I made my guess by taking whiteboy7thstreet's total views from the last 30 days.8500000 views.Divided by 2 to account for people using ad block and mobile phones. (about 1/2 of my views are counted as "ad views" so I will assume it is similar for him).4250000 ad views.Times $0.0035 per ad view (about what I made last month) and we get....$14875 for the last 30 days..That's what he makes just from the views he gets on his videos. When we add on what he might make from sponsorship and selling things like t-shirts and we get a total income of $15k-$20k per month for him.
$4 per thousand views. I'm partnered with the same company he is, and he's on a Premium contract, they offer $4-6 per 1,000 views.
[deleted]
So about $2 million on his main account.
[deleted]
Lmao, what happened with his brother?.Got a video link?
he died
That's his job, man. Even if your brother dies, you'll eventually have to go back to work.
[deleted]
Modest from DayZ, is that you?
Alright... 100k of t-shirts in one month is ridiculous as fuck...
He just really likes his community, and likes to keep them updated with his life. He also hates not uploading his videos according to plan, and gets really apologetic when he forgets, or doesnt get the chance to upload a video that he said he would upload. Say what you want about how he's rich, and gets to make 6 figures playing video games, but he loves what he does, and he loves his fans.
You read that wrong...it says 119k total. I run a spreadshirt store, the total is since you opened your store. His store has been open for almost 3 years.
[deleted]
<4
He's an only child. I don't know what the fuck you're talking about. 
Well now he is. 
Not soon enough.
This is shit. Why would anybody hack whiteboy? 
Who gives a fuck about anything he does?!
Everyone hates him because he's rich, and gets to do what he loves for living. 
Everyone hates him because he's a pompous asshole who makes degenerativly shitty content.
Just because you dont like his content, doesn't mean its shitty. He constantly gets 10,000+ likes on all his videos with only about 200-300 dislikes. You call that shitty? 
That could be for a few reasons:.1) He consistently asks for likes and shares in his videos..2) He uses misleading thumbnails, captions, and titles for his videos..3) Near constant giveaways that require "a like, share, and a subscription".4) Most of his fanbase's demographics are the mentally-ill 14-21 year old CoD Loving community..Basing content quality on the amount of "likes" it gets is nowhere near a viable indication of the . content produced. To add to that, his bland, repetative, and generally mediocre content is bombarded with fanboys who'll like a video because he asked them to or because he added annotation..On a side note, I dislike his content because it's shitty, and he's immature.
So what if his fanbase is mostly teenagers? Its not like he chose for most his fans to be teens, his content just attracts them, and as long as there is people (no matter what age) to support his videos, its good content 
Will you fuck off back to .?
I dont why you assume I go on r/gaming. If anything I'm sure they hate whiteboy too just because he's mainstream

Apparently his 296,000+ subscribers 
What? He has 2.1 million subs.
Oh. I was just going on his twitter followers.
followers =/= subscribers
Imagine how much the bigger Youtubers are making.
He is a bigger one.
Well, doesn't Roosterteeth have an entire business with an office building now?
Well I got the entire Red vs. Blue dvd box set for $99AUS so... yeah.
And they deserve it.  Red vs. Blue is hilarious.
The only gameplay commentator that I remember is bigger than WB is SeaNanners, who's actually an awesome guy
Nanners doesn't have as many subs as Whiteboy. A lot of the CoD YouTubers have passed Nanners in sub count because of the change in style to his channel. Woodysgamertag, Whiteboy, and CaptainSparklez are all bigger, off the top of my head. Yogscast is bigger, even though they're not CoD. I know TotalBiscuit is close to Nanners as well.
Jesus, I forgot that woodysgamertag even existed. Still getting DDoSed I take it.
Ha, I don't know, I haven't paid attention to his stuff in a while.
I'm surprised people still watch Nanners, he used to put out decent content now I swear it's just one video at three to four minutes a day. Da fuck is up with that? Then you got the seriously old guys like Xcal that put four videos up a day at twenty minutes who don't make any where near as much as they deserve. Granted Xcal and Nanners have very conflicting personalities, but the whole thing just don't seem right.
I don't mind the direction he went with his channel. Sure, I miss some of the longer videos. His original Minecraft series was amazing, I remember the old commentaries he would do with the overlays and everything. Crazy stuff. Personally, I like the short highlight videos he does. I'm subscribed to so many people that post videos of 20 minutes on a daily basis, it's nice to have a place where I can watch something short and have a quick laugh, which he said in a video has sort of become a goal of his channel..I know he occasionally streams and I think this is something he should do more to satisfy the demand for longer videos. That way people can actually watch him for a good length of time. The VOD he posted on his channel of him playing with his girlfriend was pretty good. I also think he needs to automatically import all VODS to his channel, or at least allow the viewing of the VODs on his Twitch channel. After I saw that video with Cathy, I went to his Twitch channel to watch some past broadcasts but they're not viewable. Which sucks because my work and sleep schedule cause me to miss most streams, which is why I generally watch VODs..He could even build his highlights from the streams. Destiny, popular streamer, used to have that done on a YouTube channel. It was great. I think Nanners should just stream when he plays with the other YouTubers. But I'm sure there are reasons why they don't do that, possibly don't want to lose money from their channel, videos, ratings, favorites, etc..As far as Xcal, he fell behind for a couple of reasons. He's not that likable. He comes off as a bit whiny and arrogant and a douche overall. Sure, he has fans, but I could just never like him. I tried to, watched plenty of his videos, but he just wasn't likable enough. I thikn he stuck on Call of Duty for too long. It started to become clear that the game was reaching the end of its popularity on YT and a lot of the smarter guys, like Nanners, started to expand the games they posted, even the platforms as well. Nanners posts TONS of PC now and some PS3 and 360, where it used to be only 360. He just appeals to a larger audience. I respect Xcal's skill and I agree with a lot of his opinions in the past (I haven't watched him in a while), it was just his presentation that was lacking. I'd rather have a legitimately enjoyable three minute video once per day than four mediocre videos a day. I'm subscribed to other channels to fill the void that the new format for Nanners has left.
Seananners has more subs. Seananners has around 2.6 million subs while WB has around 2.1 subs and WoodysGamertag has less than 2 million subs.
Hm, Nanners has 2.3. You're still right, time just went by faster than I realized, my mistake.
And  Whiteboy still claims to be the most subbed COD channel, which is a hilarious lie at this point as there are at least a couple others that have tens, if not hundreds of thousand more subs.
I actually really enjoy watching the Yogscast.
Yeah, I like them. I just remember that their sub count was really big, I can't remember what it was exactly. I really dislike Whiteboy though. One of my least favorites. It's funny because he was never that good at CoD, at least not when he was really taking off. I used to run into him pretty much every night on the first Black Ops because we both played between 2 and 5 in the morning. He'd pretty much regularly get wrecked by decent players. He's definitely the definition of someone who constantly hops lobbies looking for bad players. Lowest W/L I've ever seen. He's not horrible, but nothing special. He just comes off as someone that really exploits YouTube. I remember he was one of the biggest offenders of using giveaways for subscribers, views, favorites, and ratings. I don't want to hold that against him, but I do think it sort of revealed that he was just in this for the money from the start and nothing else. Not like Nanners, Hutch, or popular figures from other games. Sure, it's their job, but there's more to it..I used to like Woody but his content got a little too stale for me. Plus I got sick of CoD videos (and the game itself) a long time ago.
Give me the opening picture asshole
I actually was but when i remembered to do it the thread 404'd. My bad.
TIL whiteboy7thst exists..I already hate him.
2brave4me
3edgy5me
I hate to say this but PewDiePie is at like 9 million subs, imagine how much he makes, or even smosh they must be loaded. 2 million+ views a vid.
He makes about 10 million US dollars a year. .Source: socialblade.com/youtube
holy fuck thats 28k per day
I would take that with a grain of salt because those numbers are not confirmed. They are rough estimates. The only people who know are the Youtubers themselves and their close friends.
You're welcome
Who is PewDiePie? I stopped watching CoD vids a few years ago (I'd look him up but I'm on my phone)
His content is mainly for little kids, I wouldn't recommend it.  Very... catering to a terrible audience.
Swedish guy who makes videos that cater to tweens with a 10/10 girlfriend and rakes in close to or possibly over a million a year.
Oh, I think I read that wrong..Linking you anyway:
FUCK
Thank you for that
was it a picture of a butthole
uhyup.
He's the 2nd most subscribed YouTuber and makes shitty 'gaming' videos with him talking in a 'funny' voice and screaming like a 12-year-old. His fanbase consists of people mostly without any humor who also enjoys to browse 9GAG or Facebook for memes and other 'funny' stuff..His YouTube channel (don't click it): 
I watched the deadpool video and he doesn't know who deadpool is...
everyone says TobyGames copied him. Even if he did, i still love Toby more than i do Pewdipie. Though, the fact that he's filming with annoying orange makes me wanna cry -.- other than that i think Toby is a pretty awesome guy in terms of Vids (VoDs?) and shirt making ability. 
pewdie is cancer, toby is cancer.
Tobuscus has been a major youtuber for a while now. Leave it to Pewdiepie fans to spew some dumb shit like that.
i honestly don't know/care who was first. My point was that i prefer toby or pewdiepie. Toby seems more fun and Pewdiepie seems to go off obviously false/fake reactions. 
So you enjoy humor based on people talking in a funny voice?  Infant detected.
Everyone loves to hate on whats popular.
"The tallest trees catch the most wind."
Maybe he shouldn't have been popular in the first place. 
Then what would all the retards watch?
We'll make them watch Sesame Street and Electric Company, just like when I was a youngun.
I hate him since his early Amnesia videos. I would hate him even if he had only 15 subs.
In a world of hipsters being hated, a hipster hater of a different kind emerges.
The only reason I said that was to show that his popularity has nothing to do with the fact he is plain horrible.
There's a difference between hating something and hating on something. One is an opinion and the other is throwing your opinion at others to make you feel special.
Is it that Toby Turner guy? I can't stand him. He's the male equivalent of iJustine..Also,
VoD = Video on Demand
I recall Toby Turner going out with iJustine for a while. Not anymore, though.
thanks for clearing that up .. never knew what that meant o-o never heard of iJustin. I mostly just enjoy tobys happy wheels. Ha and his rants .. those are hilarious o-o I know you don't care but i have no one else to tell :(
Based upon your random faces every other 5 words and your viewing habits you sound like you're 12.
"never knew what that meant o-o"."those are hilarious o-o".they really are random, in a bad way.
SOUND .. like i'm 12. I'm 19 :D almost 20 .. jobless ... and a gaming fnatic. 

It's not because he's popular, it's because he and his fans are a bunch of autists that laugh at the dumbest shit.
Don't associate us Autists with that shit.
Achievement hunter is a million times more enjoyable
I remember trying to watch the Last of Us lets play he did. It's fucking unwatchable he just keeps screaming over all the voice overs and gameplay. I get that it's a let's play and talking is something that's going to happen but jesus christ this guy will not shut the fuck up.
A sharp stick in the eye is more enjoyable than PewDiePie.
Heck for OP a sharp stick up the rectum would've been better. 
Should've started some drama, the CoD community is almost as stupid as the vlog community when it comes to that crap. 
He tried to, he called the son of some other Call of Duty Vlogger retarded. 
Was it woody?
[deleted]
Thats not true at all
What other famous youtuber has an aspie son?
yup
Shit when and how did this happen? What was woodys response? Poor Colin 
Woody didn't respond. 
Man morals were pretty non-existant in that thread. Besides for the odd "LOL sew epic" post and idiots trying to get the OP to shout out to their cod vlogs (which would be so fucking dumb) it felt like I'd jumped back to pre 08 /b/. Everyone was just being malicious little shits discussing the best way they could ruin the guys life.
Isn't that 4chan though?
Hahahahahaha that kid literally is retarded, that's hilarious. 
Not really. Making fun of people in general is funny but when you directly attack a specific person you just look like a dick.

Exactly.
I agree and why bring someones disabled son into the spotlight? It's not like he's the one making the videos
Who is this person?
He is a popular youtube commentator that plays call of duty all day everyday and apparently makes six figures
I'm on my phone and it gets blurry when I zoom. What does it say he makes?
It didnt say how much he makes, it just said that he transferred 45k from his paypal to his bank account, and left 22k in his paypal
Six figures
He made $119 thousand over 4 years, so he is not making over six figures.
That's from t-shirt sales alone. He's made a couple of million from his YouTube network (I cant see his total views on the new layout, or I'd be able to give an accurate figure). He's on a higher Machinima contract and get $4 per 1,000 views..A couple of years ago he used to do some pretty scummy shit, gaming likes/favs and lots of spamming/misleading titles. Top cunt.
Yea the like/favorite abuse he was doing for a while just showed how much of a faggot he is, besides his normal demeanor
He still constantly begs for likes and favs..He isn't even the #1 COD channel anymore despite what he says. KYRSpeedy has over 100k more subs a this point and Whiteboys vids also rarely break the 100k view mark these days while KYR's vids usually hit 300k+. 
do people watch him play COD on YouTube while they are playing COD? Like, why would you take time out of your day to watch some random nerd on the internet play COD? .Is he really good? I'm sorry it's just this whole PewDiePie / Jenna Marbles thing where people act dumb on YouTube and make money is just foreign to me, but also sorta interesting..Sorry for barraging you with questions; you seem like a knowledgeable guy about the subject
He is an above average player, some would really good in fact. The main draw he has is that he commentates over his gameplay. He also does trolling vids (pissing off 12 year olds on Xbox live) and stuff like "top ten plays" where he puts up a video of crazy stunts he does in game, or that fans send in. He also gets a lot of subs because he does a lot of prize giveaways..I quit watching his vids a long time ago because the quality of his commentating and overall attitude just seemed to go down hill. He is kind of like the Pewdiepie of COD now. .KYRspeedy is another popular COD that I actually like. His draw is the fact he plays with a bunch of RL friends called "the crew" and they pretty much just screw around and dont take anything seriously during their video's.
ah, okay, interesting -- thanks!!.my mom's a teacher, and apparently some kids from my hometown in high school are gettin money for playin COD together and uploadin it to YouTube but I haven't heard of their username and also I'm not the intended demographic, haha you know
What the fuck, never knew someone could make that much money off Youtube. If $4/1000 views is high, what's considered average?
$2/1000 is the baseline contract, and if you get popular (150-250k subs) you get offered higher contracts.
Commission is reading $119,646.08
Whatched him play last of us a little. the guy was half useless playing it and is quite annoying, how can he have so many followers?
He uses memes, stupid jokes, and general shit 12-year olds like.
god... I wish  I could make that kinda money doing what I love....
No mate, he makes money .. He does the same bullshit all day, surrounded by fucktards. You might as well be working in retail.
I'd imagine you'd get sick of video games if you played as much as he did. He's got like three channels, and he uploads to each one daily.
Too bad you aren't good enough at anything to get paid to do it.

nope
Maybe if you're getting paid in lengths of rope.
you can never have too much rope.
Shit I'd be happy enough having to play COD for that money, let alone something enjoyable.
DAE NOT LIKE COD?!.So brave.
shh quite little one, just sleep sleep.
Quiet*
not necessarily 

no
[deleted]
I'll give you another $50 if you drink that your own juice
Edit: I see many of you don't know about Chris Chan.... Sad. 
What the fuck?
Hi newfriend
Whatever, I don't sound like a newfag, do I?
Posting from rape cave wearing robe whatsup
man juice not that shitty orange blood.by the way, you look like a sweaty faggot
if you look at the first image, theres the man juice
yeah, but he drank it with a mixer. if he is a real man, he's gotta drink it straight
he needs to down kegs upon kegs of man juice
You can't back out now and start making up rules that weren't previously mentioned. You owe that man $50.

Why is it the best hackers are always make cringeworthy posts once they do get into someone's account? Of all the funny things to post, this guy posts a couple of "edgy" memes copied straight from 9gag and references /b/. Awesome dude, what a 1337 hack0r, we're all impressed. 
at least now he thinks it's 9gag lmao
Best hackers? For every person doing something like this there are thousands and thousands and thousands of hackers that does much greater stuff that you never hear about.
Because he's a neckbeard who spent his whole time learning to hack, not learning to make luls. 
The hacker probably is something like 14. (From how he posted).Trust me, some start really young.
You need someone with a great sense of humour to be doing this sort of stuff but people with a great sense of humour would never do it..It's like internet moderators, the ideal people to do it would never even consider it while the total pricks with a napolean complex end up doing it.
I agree. LUL /B/ROTHERS. .I have to admit, the 9/11 multikill photo got a rise out of me. However, I would have posted something like 'Trayvon Martin got what was coming to him, the cop was doing his service to society' or 'Kevin Hart got what he deserved because he's a dirty blackie'. .Or even Kony 2012
You think he couldn't have if he wanted to? He just didn't dislike him that much.
He did post about Trayvon. He posted A LOT of stuff. would wait 5 minutes for people to start re-tweeting it then delete. The OPs image barely scratches the surface of the hilarity that came from that thread.
The trick to good account-hacks is to find out what they've been posting, and then post something like it, only with a twist. The best way to make an impact is to post something most people reading it will believe. Just make it so it's something they wouldn't want people to believe, or make the post have serious racism/whatever but make sure it's not the primary focus of the post.
What happened to Kevin Hart?
Didn't you hear? RIP Kevin Heart.
He just tweeted lies
RIP Lil Wayne
RIP JB
"I like to think about men's buttholes red and raw lathered up in KY sensations puckerin and steamin like a hot plate of biscuits and gravy ready to swallow this big ole dick o'mine."
I'd drag my dick through ten miles of glass to tongue punch her fart box [[insert photo of Miley Cyrus]]
fucking 9gag pulling this bullshit
Damnit 9GAG. 
 9gag.
I bet they're enjoying all this attention. The 9gag army has less power than the Icelandic Army.
Costa Rican army > 9gag army
Costa Rica doesn't have an army.....Oh
Canadian Navy > 9gag army
Swiss Navy>9gag army
Dad's Army > 9gag army
French army > 9gag army..... oh wait
9gag army > Mw3
Your statement still stands
The 9gag army has never surrendered.

Salvation Army > 9gag army
Hacks like a badass, trolls like a 12 year old. 
I think that's the point. It makes it seem like whiteboy was being the retard.
Atleast he's a subtle troller. He doesn't go straight for the cancerous down-syndromatic (yes, that is an adjective) trolling where he makes it obvious, posting troll-faces, scat porn, and gore. He actually makes an attempt to make the followers think it's him instead of said 12-year-old.
Yeah, shit like that dick drawn on the baby's face would be something that I could see his fans getting mad at him over.
Exactly. That's what his fans want to see. Nothing weird-as-fuck where his fans could just assume it's a hacker. If I were a fan, I would still think it's him. I would probably think it's a little weird that this isn't his average content.
I thought the 9/11 one was pretty good though.
Yeah but it could've been so much more. 
The "oh balls" pretty much ruined it for me
You had one job anon, ONE FUCKING JOB.
AND YOU FUCK IT UP.
WHY ANON
Holy shit my sides, he's blaming 9gag.edit:  
You sure it's not the hacker trying to rally all his followers against 9gag?
He's obviously joking lol
You overestimate him.
omg that's pretty epic
that's a different twitter account, newfag.
dhurhduhrurh ur sides HEHEHLEL. Fuck you.
What if its actually the real owner pretending to  hack his own account so that he can post it on 4chan and then blame 9gag (conspiracy keanu)
All for that reddit karma
Nope, guy who hacked him changed it to that, check it for yourself.
oh, wow. sorry, you're right.
This kind of maturely admitting you are wrong and apologising for it is not welcome around these parts. Faggot.
Obviosly someone trolled him and said it was 9GAG. sucker.
ha. classic
That's been standard almost since 9gag started. Any time 4chan users hacked anything, they'd leave a message "hacked by 9gag".
REALLY? CALL THE PRESS
and before that, it was ebaumsworld
Ofcourse that's the guy from /b/tweeting, you'd have to be pretty fucking stupid and not know your internet if you think someone tweeting /b/rothers is from 9gag, and as if those 9cunts could actually get in his accounts.
Isn't this kind of op about notoriety? So denying them the credit is a good move on his part..
why do you act so seriously, its just a website....
why u heff to be mad
Is only game
IT'S REAL LIFE
IT'S JUST FANTASY
I'M JUST A POOR BOY WILL YOU DO THE GALLELEIO 
FORMUOLI
SCOTTA MOOSH SCOTTA MOOSH HAVR U CHECKED ON FANDANGO
THUNDA BERT OF LERTNIN VERY VERY FRIGHNIN MEH
GAY JAY LENO
Get ready, crazy little thing called love.

My sides are in orbit

Literally this




Yes, indubitably.
indeed.
Awful novelty account
This actually is serious business since this is his job and makes more money than you just selling stupid T-Shirts. With his face on it.
if they do sell clothes they actually do very well with that
Fuck off faggot.
inb4 edgy. No, you're just a fucking queer.
Spoken like a true 15 year old.
[deleted]
Do you just mindlessly repeat phrases you hear other people say? I wasn't white knighting whatsoever, I just told him how laughably childish his insults are.
Shut the fuck up, you fucking faggot.
Stfu and join r/progressive this. Is. 4chan. You dumb motherfucker


I'm really glad someone wrote this script
A little better, but I still feel like I'm talking to someone who just got into highschool. 
I'll give it a C for effort.
I'm actually a third grader bitch look how mature I am jokes on you
lolol a fan boi
No not really, I just understand this shit. Since you're probably 13 you wouldn't understand because mommy and daddy pay for everything, but it's like if you suddenly had a huge cut in your salary.
Arse  wipe your BBC back in to your  14 yr old mouth, fahgot. They aren't going to complain about getting a few 1000 extra queer hits from this school boy prank. 
We understand it too, that's why it's so funny, I personally hate the guy
Gtfo faggoid.
nope. a fan boi
It's like someone robbed your store, even though you locked the handle on the way out. .If your online identity is your moneymaker, protect that shit.
Who wouldn't lock the handle?? 
Who would . lock the handle?
That's actually a much better way of putting it.
confirmed for being buttmad fanboy weaaboo filth
You don't know how much I make selling stupid t-shirts with his face on them. 
I made $80 doing that. Only sold to one old guy though. The buys a new one every few months because the old one gets 'worn out'
The consequences will never be the same...
Should I backtrace it?
He done goof'd.
NO THE IP ADDRESS! ANYTHING BUT THAT PLEASE! BE MERCIFUL
Read this shit last night. Nice repost fag.
Good job, you managed to add one whole story to ..
2shitty4me
im so hungover and this made me feel better
You think it's cool to do alcohol?
well i dunno about cool buy i had one too many alcohols last night and i dont feel great today 
Is that a new stereotype?
Germans with socks with sandals? Naaah, that's an old one and it's not much a stereotype since they wear em a lot
And, more importantly, why wasn't I notified of this new stereotype in the appropriate manner?
You peasants have never been to Mallorca?
This is the funniest thing I've seen on here off 4chan in too fucking long.
Seeing the Serj Tankian reaction face put a smile to me face.
That's actually a valid reason to wear socks with your sandals. I avoid this trope altogether by not wearing sandals at all because I can't wear the slide on kind and the strap ones just look stupid and require the same effort as putting on a real shoe. 
Awkwaaaaard
Niggaaaaar
I guess no one likes South Park?
No.  No one.


It's as old as the one that germans tend to go to war for the best spots at the pool (and mark their territory with towels).edit: no, that didn't cause the first or second ww.
things that i had to learn watching QI, because i'm American
Where the hell can i find that picture of Serj?
Edit:
For all the slowfags:
PrtScn.  Open paint or some shit.  Ctrl-V (or cmd-V).  Croptheimageofinterestandsaveittodesktop.png.  Open images.google.com in your favorite browser.  Drag photo from desktop to search bar.  ???.  Profit.
Why the hell can't you use google image search?
because he'll just get a bunch of greentext stories
Probably not if you cut the image out of it first...
That's why you crop it to just that picture....
 
das ist sehr gut
Sehr lustig. Haha.
Gesundheit.
Frhstck.
Schadenfreude
Scootin Fruity
Kartoffelsalat.
Ja, bitte.
Und keine eier.
explain? I am not a smart man
He has a sun burn line showing the outline of flipflops.  The german fella told him to wear socks with his flipflops, which makes you look like a 48 year old tourist visiting disney world by yourself. 
A German stereotype is that they all wear socks with sandals (which looks pretty stupid). Get it now?
Being unaware of the German stereotype, I assumed because OP was "too white," he hadn't worn socks with his sandals as those of African (black, if you will) descent are wont to do. Maybe I overthought it. 
I thought that was a Poland stereotype. 
Elderly men really do..
I do now. lol. thank you
I never realized how insecure people are to care about shit like that. Master race germans give no fucks.
I took it as Germans have no sense of humor so anything remotely funny is considered an amazing joke from them. I could see your reason being a better one though.
Well that was the second part of the joke. The French posters were impressed that the German was able to make a funny joke about his own national stereotype because Germans aren't typically funny people.
Ahh, well thanks for the explanation. Can't say I'm too culturally knowledgeable to understand the stereotype.
Honestly it is pretty obscure. I only know about it because we always give a German family friend shit about it.
Which is also a stereotype.
or maybe he was being serious. That's always a possibility
the funny thing is: that wasn't a joke..fuckin' krauts
[deleted]
fuck, you're cool
Germans are too busy making excellent cars for the world to make jokes. Deutschland ber alles. /s 
Unless you like reliability.
MUMU BER DU
Especially VW Never seen more special things with them that are based on simple engineering fuckery.
I must be really bad at sarcasm lemme edit my post.
Then I will edit mine as well.
excellent cars and excellent board games
Don't forget the hardest hitting techno in the world.
And the crappiest airports.
But who can forget their amazing summer camps?
And the gassiest of showers..
German here. You gotta be shitting me. In no fucking way do we have the crappiest airports. 
Filipino here. That title belongs to us.
It's a reference to the new Brandenburg International. The one that isn't done yet.
non-german here...
I dare you to land on the airport of the island I live in....we used to be the world's most dangerous airport :P
My crystal ball says you are either from a small Caribbean island, or Barra in Scotland.  
Your google has failed you....Madeira Island :D

Oh god reading these comments.. I realize 4chan has come to reddit :D feels like home :) 4chans takin over the world and its a beautiful thing! 
i read 5 of those.....then i scrolled down and saw there was like 400 more....
fuck that.  way too fucking long assfaggot.
I read a story about a kid who's parents ruined his life before he was 15.How is he supposed to better himself when every influence he has is eat, eat, eat. His parents even gave up and sent him to fat camp.Sorry andrew, you're gonna die of diabetes before you're 25
Even as a fat guy, this made me so happy.
Tl; dr
TL, DR; me lift and do sex, fat kids are fat and I'm not guise k? Gains. The end.
I'm pretty sure I know this kid. He was really fat and the ages, parents, and the whole crying obese fuck thing all fit in.
4chan OP and Reddit OP were cool? This story and post has everything. And the OP on 4chan banged Anna! 
And then Andrew had a heart attack at the age of 17.
Was waiting for "walk the dinosaur" cancer, instead only lulz. 9/10, minus 1 internets for no actual hitler references. Was kind of hoping the kid outwardly hated Jews or something, I am disappoint.
Cool story.
OP sounds like an arrogant prick. Could he have a much higher opinion of himself? Okay, we get it, you like to work out and you like the gym. 
Aw u jelly bro? It's a fuckin /fit/ post, faggot. 
I kept waiting for the part where anything Hitleresque happens, and it never comes. 0/10 complete failure.
Nice work OP.Fuck fatties
How is he like Hitler? Because he's a spoiled brat? I thought the villain of this story would be a lot more compelling instead of some whiny bitch. Good story though.


Gained diabetes. This story was worth it purely for that. Thanks OP.
What is so hard about green texting properly
Glorious
I would have made a point of slowly rolling a cart full of delicious desserts back and forth by the Little Shit's table.
So why didn't Andrew bitch to his parents that the staff were purposely making him fat? 
Because he really liked food.
He would have told them though after he was punished for not losing weight.

It was probably because he didn't care about anything other than his food. I'd say his parents would have forced him into it.
This could be a short film.
this is beautiful
I love this, one of the best posts i have ever seen.
Make it a movie or something!
YESS
Definitely worth the read.  Thank you OP.
What is Nandos....?
A restaurant franchise, famous for their chicken.
Great story. Best read on 4chan yet. 
Epic.
Clearly . doesn't even lift.
No
It was probably posted on /fit/, that's kind of the point of the board.  Maybe Andrew's story hit a little to close to home?
Was waiting for Ben stiller, the blob,  go karts, etc. 9.5/10.
Everyone hates the douchebag fat kid. 
A fat kid gets diabeetus.
Dude, you spoiled the goddamn climax..I don't normally read all the way through this shit but that was worth it.
Oh God this is the greatest greentext I've ever seen.
When a story is this length, it's refreshing to see it written properly and in an easy to read manner. 
This should be a movie. I would definitely see this.
"We're all gonna make it.".Amen. 
Even Andrew?
Lol no. ."We're all gonna make it" were the last words of a /b/ro's last greentext in the hospital thanking other anons for everything they had done and being a supportive community to him in his last hours. 
I think it was a /fit/izen, Zyzz or something, I heard he was a model and that was his catchfrase
11/10 needs to be published
Fuck you, stop posting ratings.
8.92847524/10 would rate again
9/10 comment
would read again
8/10 would rate again
8675/309 would cancer again
31.4159265359/10 would eat again
FTFY
31/10? I think you mean you'd devour again.
Is it worth reading?
Yes it is, except for Hitler part. There's no Hitler stuff. The kid is jusy behaving like a little bitch.
Oh god yes, read it
no
Well, of course . disagrees.
It's real long, if you are not into fitness you may not appreciate it (it's a fat person story), but if you are in the mood to read a long story I would say do it.
It's broken up into nice bite size chunks, though.
Great story, relatively believable, ending even provides closure.Would read again
Yep. None of that "spaghetti," "loch ness monster," "dinosaur," etc. which are fine for smaller stories but horrible for stories at the length of this..It also has a nice, satisfying ending unlike other long posts that end with disappointment or "Sorry guys, I can't do this" and leave it without an ending.
You even learn a new word: Fatler.
sort of. doesn't have that suspense as other greentext stories but is beautiful nevertheless
Except for the fat kid...
He just won't make it for as long.
He's going to end up with a foot amputated and in one of those motorized walmart shopping carts, permanently.
He will have an imprint in his bed in which he can lie down with the scooter
My name is Liam and for a brief moment, I don't know why, I was excited when my name was mentioned...... A sentence or two later .Sheer disappointment.........
My best friend Liam is gay. My other bestfriend is an Orc lesbian with a name suspiciously close to Katy. Same first and last letters.
[deleted]
Killroy?
Kelly?
"sheer disappointment"
QUEER disappointment
My real name's Andrew..I wish I could've been the Liam of the story and not Andrew
Another Andrew, checking in. If I could, I would just write down your comment verbatim. But you already did that.
Drama, comedy, love, laughter, diabetes..This story had everything
make this into a movie
Eat Love Pray
I think there already is one called Fat Camp. But fatler is a girl in the movie.
you mean this: 
If you're interested, here are some responses that I left out:.Sorry, I don't care to screenshot that shit when top comment will be cancerfree version.
thank you, OP <3
You're a neat guy
Thanks
Look for fatler. please. I'm sure there is an extended ending where he loses a foot or eats his hand because he accidentally dumped sugar all over it. 
Uhhh... I checked back in the thread later, and it was nothing other than rating responses.
OP wasn't a faggot today. Today was a good day.
Doing God's work, son. 
But how will I know it's funny if someone else doesn't tell me it is? 
Good job OP
I love you.
Copypasta
Luis Guzman doing pull-ups; that just shatters any illusion of reality is what that does.  
lel
Is that really the best fucking title you could think of for this shitty story OP?

10/10. Would read again. 
Didnt see it
These posts are fucking stupid and this one is particularly obvious.
Saw it coming, 9.5/10  would read again.
my sides
8/10, but you are still a faggot OP. No redemption.
10/10 if troll..7/10 if copypasta..EDIT: For anyone who didn't get it, there was some beta greentext on /r9k/ IIRC and some fucktard gave that rating.
jokes on you, i read the last line first faggot
said the one guy who knows every lyric to kid rock's discography.
Had no idea this was even Kid Rock. It was just clearly too good to be true. 
Limerick*

That is beautiful in a funny dark sort of way
I remember that thread from earlier today, it was interesting to say the least.
Nobody else thinks that this "poet" is just an ass gasket?
[deleted]
Samefag with dynamic IP?

Every time I see someone post "this" or any variation of it, I just want to punch them right in the face.
/thread
This
Epic trolling bro. 
This gem
definite faggot
This is the 1st time I see a photo of the perpetrator and he's kind of cute 7/10 would bang
Well good news for me then. I look a lot like this guy
well everyone gets a bit less attractive if their name is angrypotato1
Made the username as a kid. 2 . words + number = usable username
Reminds me of the . where Rigby changes his name. If you haven't seen it, Rigby explains that the way to have the coolest name is to combine two random words.
That's what I thought the first time I saw him. Apparently there was a twitter campaign claiming he was "too cute" to be a terrorist.
Well, I totally agree, free cute bomber guy!
twist- this is the perpetrator's wife
I am more likely to believe potato was NOT chosen randomly
Well hence the italics. I was 10. And a 9gagger. Don't hurt me.
[deleted]
motherfucker are you even trying
Even though it's dark, it flows pretty well for an internet poem. 
That's a limerick, you anus. 
Limericks are poems too.You fucking dribbling jew.there was no need to scream.just follow this theme.and you can be a poet too.
The natural syllable stresses in that poem are all wrong for it to be a limerick. The rhythm doesn't work. Nice try.
You're reading it wrong. (I'm from limerick.)
The first line of a proper limerick has nine syllables, stressed as follows:.One . three four . six seven . nine..The first line of yours is. two three . five six ...Which just sucks. Your second line had the same problem..3 and 4 were alright, though, but you were a syllable short on 5..TL; DR . follow his theme.
Better my sides than my legs...amirite?
Not cool.
You must be lost, the gay club is over there.
lol'd
limericks are poems too, faggot
Thank god it wasn't one of those threads that involves nigger in it. 
Ironically it found its way into the comment section.
tin is more irony.

No, you're wrong. . thanked god that this post didn't involve nigger(s) in but by saying that he's bringing niggers up in this thread which is in fact, ironic.
I wouldn't say that was ironic, because he was thanking god it wasn't a thread involving nigger, and he didn't create the very thread he was against just by saying "nigger". If he'd said "thank God no one used the word "nigger", that would be ironic certainly.
I guess it's kinda a grey area, that just didn't feel like irony to me.
Yeah it's definitely a grey area. I can see your point of view.
And I yours. How very civil of us.
How do you guys do that.. Facetime?
Live Jasmin. 
Christian mingle

Faggots.
Sometimes I feel like the old adage that 4chan is filled with geniuses pretending to be idiots is really true.
What's genius about it?
4chan: smart people acting like retards
Reddit: retards acting like smart people
9gag: retards acting like retards
My god, he was right...
I'd say it is. 4chan attracts complete social outcasts who are still pretty intelligent. That's one of the up sides of having a system with no upvoting, it makes sure the karma whores who pretend to be clever for karma don't go on there. 

DIDNEY WORL
"toxic arrow is kill"."no"."and you?????"
The second guy was you, wasn't it?.Your joke wasn't funny enough to include in the image.
I don't think this is real... If it is its one of the worst cases of Engrish I've ever read. 
Shouldn't have used bing translate.
WHAT FUCKING IF?!
Google translate
Welcome to /int/.
order of preference: left to right
3 girls 1 cup
Haha how original and clever. 
Not suprised
Keyonte needs to get his shit togedder an' stawp muthuhfukin' playin' an shit.
He's street-smart.
wat. What private high school pays teachers more than public schools besides the few pre-ivy league ones?
Fucking niggers
He's probably just happy that the kids are all rich and somewhat intelligent, and that the computers don't run Windows 95
Were you my teacher? Cause this pretty much sums up my school.
"It doesn't sink in"  oh my fucking god!  I laughed so hard.  
That wasn't the joke you asshole 


And they didn't even have to convert to g/cm
A mL is a cubic centimeter, faggot. 
You're not very bright are you
That's why they didn't even have to convert it, yes.
0/10 op
Plank Hill is my favourite. 
The fucking Denko face again. Other than that decent reference, this was a pretty mediocre thread

(   )
 looks very familiar
I realised I subconsciously know the mega milk face. ('o~o`)
Hank the plank 

What a load of predictable garbage.
Ooo but anon-kun, when was the last time you produced some OC?
Can hardly call pasting copypasta transparent faces into a picture OC.
Please teach us the way rdeluca-sama. 
Wow, /b/ wows us again with their spectacular originality
I am shocked there wasn't 5 cock planks, usually those are mandatory for a shop thread.
Or swastikas.
That was actually an interesting read.
Victoria Justice had to blow some disney guy to get onto a show? Makes you realize that the shows today arent very kid friendly. Especially what they have to do . the show.
Riiiiiiight
I don't get it.
Who cares about this shit?
She doesn't work for Disney. This is complete falsehood.
She worked on the Disney channel...
I'm pretty sure that's just fiction. I mean, I haven't heard of this girl before, so I looked her up and according to her wikipedia, if I'm not mistaken, she'd have been 11-12 when that happened...doesn't seem very plausible that she didn't tell her parents or something, and if her parents don't know, how the hell would we fucking know?.Conspiracy theorists don't realize that if this whole shebang is so complicated and deep, how would we know about it?
well, you have a point there. But, cmon lets be honest, what man wouldn't want a sexual favor from her?
Nope. She did guest star on one episode of a show for that company, but she worked on Nickelodeon shows such as Victorious and iCarly.
Wait, but what about that show with billy ray cyrus? I am sure that was a Disney thing. If not Thank you for putting me right.
Miley Cyrus was in that show; not Victoria Justice.
Hannah Montana, that's the one. and that was Disney. I thought she did. 
y milley
Old copypasta is old. 
All those miley cyrus pics are definetly the same girl. I would know. I fuck the dog shit out of her every time she has come to tampa for the last 4 years. 
Proof?


It's almost as if there is some software...like Photoshop, that exists.
Not sure if elaborate ruse, or serious..inb4 >only a fool
I don't know why nobody else is saying this.  I've seen this exact set of posts before, including the guess answers.  Pretty sure it was even before the dates listed in the screencap, which are months old anyway.  .Besides that, most of the points are laughable.  So Jayson Thiessen and Daniel Ingram (respectively, the producer and the songwriter for .) convinced Miranda Cosgrove not to testify on sexual assault charges?  Yeah right.  I researched that and the other allegations back when I first saw this.  Didn't find a thing.  .I'll take "thinly veiled smear attempts" for $800, Alex.  
Calling bullshit on this one. Daniel Ingram is a songwriter, not an "executive". Jason Thiessen's only claim to fame is being a producer on My Little Pony. All the other ones are probably also bullshit, too.
Is he related to her off Saved by the Bell by any chance?
I want to believe
Neither did the execs, that's why they killed Miley.
I'm going to look deeper in this.

wayyyy to long
The Bin Laden thing, turned out to be true so why not.
What was the Bin Laden thing?
'Should be enough to get you interested if you're not just trying to troll me.
Requesting any citations you find.
especially for that victoria justice stuff

yep.....but is there any credibility to it?
No idea. All I've found is random anonymous forum members making accusations, nothing solid. Everything other than the disappearing and body-snatching of Miley Cyrus I don't find particularly unbelievable, but I don't know if it's true.
i always feel this kind of conspiracies are some kind of cognitive dissent from neckbeard who know they will never have a chance/met any of these celebs so they try to rationalize that fact by saying they're sucking off older execs.................................yet none of it is outside the realm of possibility 
The neckbeard theory is solid.  Notice two of the individuals he picked on: Jayson Thiessen and Daniel Ingram.  Those are the producer and the songwriter for ..  .What's more likely: that the MLP guys have a personal relationship with Miranda Cosgrove and convinced her to shut up, or that some neckbeard is pissed off about MLP and they were the first names he thought of?  
That would make sense if they were saying the actresses were sluts who like to fuck around. They're claiming there is rape and molestation involved, it's different. Maybe they say it because "mai waifu looks so depressed this year so she must be being victimized," maybe they say it because it's true.
Yeah i have no idea, i just never seem to think too much about that stuff (not in a "ohhh it's so baaad and terrible" kind of way more of a "why would i think of that shit when watching that show?"
How about you guys shut the fuck up.

This is the thread, but the original OP is nowhere to be found

Imgur link?  Original thread 404'd.  Or maybe an archive link?
TL;DR version: everybody mad
I don't believe this is the Illuminate, but maybe just business. I agree with one of the Anons. Not all about the kids
I can never figure out if /pol/ actually hates Jews or just pretends to hate Jews ironically because it loves Jews.
reminder: /pol/ is shit and if you post there you are also shit

Lel./pol/ is always right
i believe the diametrical opposite of what you believe and hate you for it!
jews responsible for these two posts
I think maybe half of /pol/ legitimately hates any group of people that talk about their oppression, past or present. The other half chimes in for the fun. 
Explain
No pun in-ten-did (intended).
baited
And outsmarted..I'll show myself out.
I miss George Carlin. 
We all do.
This is like the . of 4chan..Actually, /b/ is like the . of 4chan.
Yeah except . is funny
You saw this and thought "other people will enjoy this"? 
cancer
i did not expect this to be picked up by reddit lol
idk about wizard. but faggot? definitely.
[deleted]
This belongs in .!

I alwats liked /o/ more than any other board. We're a bunch of tripfriends.
Would be better with the caption removed from the 2nd gif
This is fun to watch
Didn't the guy in the gas station die from this?.Edit:  He did not.
Nope, ..
These are all timed so perfectly. The wonderment. 
If you watch the video, he sits up against his car afterwards. I guess it's possible he died later.
That is fucking genius 
Has anyone here ever even heard of fucking /o/?
Its the automotive board
outomotive
I need an explanation as to why both front wheels would rip off simultaneously.
My guess (when I first saw this) was they built too much anti-dive into their suspension, which when braking reduces the nose dive but also stresses suspension components much more. 
It was a freak accident. Look up "Sebastian Buemi 2010 China GP".
Decepticons are assholes. 
this gif connection needs to be a thing

ty
I love reddit.
Easy to edit with 
Because racecar.  
Really? 
I'd really like to see the footage from that man's camera...
Did he died
No, concussion and broken bones all around but he's OK
I wouldn't call concussion and broken bones OK..
He's OK, compared to being dead.
F1 wheels already killed few people so I think this is very OK. 14 kg of wheel approaching your head with cca 80km/h could kill you easily. 
It wasn't going that fast 16km/h more or less is my guess
Speed limit in the pits is 100km/h, that's the speed Webber was accelerating to, but yes, I probably said a too big number. Still, it's dangerous
Oh yeah definitely, Ive dropped my wheel on my foot, which isn't nearly as heavy as that, and it hurted for about a month. 
you forgot the http you idiot
http is for pussies
Fuck http. Real men use https.
Fuck https. Real men use gopher.
Fuck gophers. Real men use mole rats.
Fuck mole rats. Real men use gerbils. 
says the guy who just edited it into his comment
I did it for all of you
pussies.
Seriously, where the hell did the truck wheel come from?
Terminator II
It was on high way (D1) in Czech republic. Truck lost it's wheel which unfortunately hit that driver at gas station. No one died, if I'm not wrong. (Which I believe I am not, they showed this in TV news, there is law which forbids to show people dying. And I think they interviewed that guy.).Edit: Seems like I wasn't wrong after all - . (written in czech, sorry without pics of accident). (and . (scroll all the way down)).
Tl;dr translation into English?
Jesus, all that from a tire?
A heavy duty tire + wheel, total of at least 80lbs, going at least 30mph? Yep. That's a helluva lot of mass and velocity.  I'm surprised the guy lived.  
I think he lived cause it hit his legs. If it hit anywhere above he probably would have died
Nowhere 
[deleted]




Tell me more
You'll have to call again! 




Pssh, thats nothing, compared to what happened at the German Grand Prix today. Cameraman gets whacked in the head with a wheel.
Lmao... the retard just waving so enthusiastically in the bottom right at the beginning of the video.
The people who avoided that wheel did a a good job. Shame about the cameraman though.
Redbull F1 team needs to get their shit together. 
They just . need to work on their pit stop safety
you should be ashamed of yourself

Mirror : .What the fuck is up with putting dubstep everywhere BTW? 
can anyone mirror this again?It was too fucking good.
I was wondering if the OP was watching the race, seemed to be well timed.
Amazingly just a couple of broken bones.
Wow, was he injured? Also, is there a place where I can watch highlights from F1 races?
A few broken bones but he is okay.I think you can watch the highlights on BBC (use proxy if needed), or wait 1-2 weeks for the official short 3min video on formula1.com
I clicked on that link too enthusiasticly.
Yeah they are a total train wreck, what with their first place in the constructor standings and all.
Can't you not be a cunt and make a .gif of it
r/jiffybotrequests
That made MY head hurt
The F1 car. Did you not watch the gifs?
But, a wheel from a F1 racing car is not a wheel from a truck.

Why just this bit. The whole gif is much longer. WHAT DID YOU DO WITH THE REST OF THE BODY, LIGHTVADER?
I dont like this...
aaah, it's cool

Meow.
This gives the urge to play Portal.
That looks so cool



IN WIN master race here 

Fuck yeah 900D. You can easily fit 15 cats in that case without them causing any ... problems
Fractal design motherfucker
Arc midi r2, nigga.
R4 represent 

WTF is going on here
Dirty console peasant
Tell that to my 230mm fans
Pfft. Fucking casual.
God fuck. The mesmerising
God fuck? 
Godsmack by Alice in Chains
Alice In Chains by Godsmack
You're such a faggot. 
Says u/SonicSerenity

now you're thinking with portals.
Meh.
LEL JIMCROWLAWSFTW wow op you are one edgy high school faggot aren't you
Real reason: there isn't enough gold
There isn't enough gold to...?
A guess, everyone used their money to buy gold. Not enough to go around?
There isn't enough gold for people to use it as a currency. If everyone withdraws all the paper money they have in a bank, then the government just to prints more. But if everyone withdrawals gold money from the banks they can't mint anymore because there is no gold left..EDIT: Hope my stupidity made your day better
"But if everyone withdrawals gold money from the banks they can't mint anymore because there is no gold left.".TIL Gold is minted...not mined
I don't know where to begin really.. 
Not sure if you're joking or not.. either way, you've made my day.
wat?
To adequately represent wealth that is constantly growing.
Are you all just guessing..?
are you just 14 and think you know everything?
nope.. 35yo financial analyst and I certainly don't think I know everything
sure, and i'm Jessica Alba
Tits or gtfo
You've gotta fight.For your right.To swing.
damn mexicans
OP is Mr. Garrison 
Alpha as fuck
2/10 wouldnt read
0/10 would not teach literacy
I wouldn't necessarily call punching a guy in the shoulder, fighting.
yeah. he nudged for the swing. he was probably in his 30s too.


Something like this happened to me, but it was a wooded area we called "the jumps". I ended up throwing a 2x4 and slipping the kids head open, then walked home. Funny thing is my mom told me to apologize, and the kids mom said he probably deserved it.
of all things you wish happened. this is number 1
Nah this seems plausible 
"behemoth of a nigger" I almost shit myself from laughing
"Vagina gas"
......
This and the Mcdonalds stories is good quality content,not stupid one liners about jews from /pol/.
JIDF detected.
pretty sure 8 is fake as fuck
Nr 21 wtf?
Did he fuck a horse, or did his father really fist his grill?
No. 4 is just hilarious.  I would do that shit even if I wasn't on booze.
Did not cringe at all at the you've got a friend in me one.
When I was 5-6 I used to piss in the empty lot next door all the time.  It was all over grown so it was just like pissing in the woods or a field when you're out camping or driving a long ways.  I shitted in there a couple times too but I didn't like that because there wasn't any toilet paper or anything.
i lost my shit there
So did he.

"Let out the biggest tard howl" lost it.
Holy fuck, what a goldmine. This and the Imperial Guard raid, nice to see some quality content for once.
[deleted]
Yeah, the girl had a great ass.
17 is probably the best and didn't make me cringe.

I lost it at the cops reference
Is that Trayvon getting shot?
I thought it was tyler the creator laughing his ass off.

What is, "faggot"?
You have command of the board.
I'll take Loli and CP for 800 please.
Holy shit didn't even read anything yet but that made me laugh
If that's the case, you might enjoy playing as a Seal Clubber in the Kingdom of Loathing.
Now, it may just be me, but I don't like my women to have nice wood.
I can assure you, /d/ does.
...
He accidentally unplugged them when he got up
So in number 22, did he get the blowjob from the black guy?
He certainly didn't get one from his gf
Black guy got one from his gf actually 

YOU GOTTA FRIEND IN ME.
That wasn't even cringeworthy that was fucking incredible 
It's was so unbelievable it's like it never happened!
Who gives a shit if it happened or not you fucking faggot??? It was a good story regardless. Harry Potter was a work of fiction, did you not enjoy it because it never happened? Or what about star wars? 
Jesus, one of the reasons I cannot stand this place is because of faggots like you that call shit out. How about at Christmas you go around telling little kids that Santa isnt real, aye?
This is what It what matters.
Go home Blainyrd, your drunk.
I'm not drunk, occifer. You're drunk....Now hold my beer for me.
Hm.
your fingers don't have balls?
Maybe like the balls of your feet, except the hands version
Did you take these screenshots without flash or something? Dark as fuck.
Have f.lux on.
Faggot.
F.lux doesn't change the color of your screenshots though. It just changes the color of your brightness. Wait a second, did you take a picture of the screens with your phone? Top lel. 
F.lux does change the color of your screen, Idk if it would affect screenshots though. 
I think it actually does change the color.
I've posted a lot of albums on . and I've always had F.lux on.  It doesn't affect the screenshot at all.  
I use snipping tool, I don't know what it is maybe because I saved the files as jpg instead of png
Are you... are you intentionally doing this? Lel
So.. it should be bmp?
My sides
What have your sides got to do with this?
Welp, bout time to be hittin the old dusty trail
My sides....
what we don't know is that's what she called her vagina.
IwanttobeReeves.jpg
Damn OP. Damn.
Does that girl look Russian to anyone? Because I don't think so. 
I love treating lying bitches the way they deserve to be treated.
LMFAO had to take a break and comment on Slutdefensesystemsonline.png That shit is high res as fuck
Seems realistic enough. Good story regardless.
12/10. Will read again
Stone fuckin cold, OP. Stone. Fuckin. Cold.
That's how you make a serial killer people.
Gay. Do little faggots really think this is cool.
this belongs in justice porn haha.
ctrl+f: plot twist.0/0 found.:(
That... was beautiful... 
Bravo. r/4chan at its best.
Beautiful. 
Ahhhh, how I love a good alpha story. 10/10
When they say 4chan is the filth of the internet, they're not making it up. While there is no excuse for cheating, putting somebody's life in danger for that is absolutely crazy.
dear diary, today OP was not a faggot.

Couldn'tcontainmyjizz/10
I want to know what happens after all this?! 
oh yeah let me just read 12 pages of obvious bullshit made up by an illiterate retard
she died of exposure
Nothing, because it didn't happen in the first place. If you want something to happen just imagine it, it's what OP did.
Whiteknight detected
I lol'ed. But seriously, how is that even traumatizing? It's a fucking fish. And also, "from a local market..", who the fuck says that? No, it was from a foreign market, of course it was fucking local. OP is obviously full of shit.
Hero status achieved.
OP!!!!!!
You've either: .A) Never had a girlfriend.B) Had one girlfriend who fucked another guy because you're a weak, faggot mouth breather. .C) You're a filthy neckbeard..Actually C) is guaranteed, pick C) and A) or B).
That shit was better than poetry. Needs to be made into a movie
I lifted my juice to the screen after reading this, no BS....more links to stories like this would be appreciated... need this kinda stuffs ryt now..
Fucking lol'd..10/10 if trolling
7/10 if copypasta
Probably not little faggots, but big faggots most likely.
Damn I was actually hoping for a cotton eye Joe end 
Well that is way too mean for my tastes.
tl;dr
She is RIDICULOUSLY ATTRACTIVE
Does she have a problem with her left arm? can she not lower it from her hair?
10/10  that was beautiful
Shit, I've been doing it wrong all these years.
itt: reddit letting it's liberal feelings out about revenge and womyn
That was too long; I didn't read it all the way to the end..Tl;dr: tl;dr
The greatest story ever told.

Let me just add this to the thingsthatneverhappened.txt
Bravo! 
You monster, that is the most fucked up/awesome shit i,ve ever read
This never happened.
Paved road and no cell service?  Piz'duk
You've obviously never been to the south
She had it coming, nuff said.
I imagined the 18th overture during that last section.
Well done you glorious bastard, well done
[deleted]
Ah yes, I see productive and hilarious comments like this are surely the cure. You fucking idiot.
i'm not here for curing cancer, i'm just telling you you're a bunch of cancerous fags, i'm not god saving the retards and newfags you stupid faggot now go watch some memes
I've got to say, this is one of the better troll accounts. 
lol everytime someone calls you a retard you tell them "you're a troll account"? boy you must've that sentence macro'd
I admire the dedication to this account in-particular, well done.
lulz the cancer, you showed that.1- you don't know how to react to an argument other than "lol he troll".2- you spam the same thing hoping the guy that won said argument leaves you alone crying in your corner.this is actually hilarious, please continue
lol.
that's it? you already give up? holy shit at least cancer keeps spreading, you're like the most beta faggot i've ever seen fucking hysterical LOL did you stop because i told you to? holy shit that's so funny, be kind and go suck a nigger's dick would you
Lololol.

best. story. ever.
Nice brutal story brol.
OPEN THE DOOR, GET ON THE FLOOR, EVERYBODY WALK THE DINOSAUR
damn... she is fine though
That must've triggered a PTSD or two.  Good job! 
I... I want to shake his hand.
TOO FUCKING LONG DIDN'T FCUKING READ... I so hate green stories I swear to god
Then why the fuck are you here, buddy?
/b/ is not about green stories exclusively afaik
I expected a story about him knocking her up.
That sucked. And canweallstopwiththefuckingactionsasimages.jpg??!
Can't believe I read all of that. Although, I was locked in like  I was watching a soap opera
10/10 would read again
This is just cold. Like the fish.
10/10 wouldreadagain.jpg 
Inb4 she kills OP. 
Ah, to be attractive and be able to ditch a hot girl easily because there is a line of pretenders waiting to get on your dick..Maybe in another life.
That was fucking, magic. i tip my hat to you
10/10 would read again
Epic
best greentext that I read in a while... 
Is there a bot that can save me some time of having to zoom in on each picture? 
Ctrl + shortcutpleb
squint harder
Zooming isn't the problem. Time is the problem.
right click>open link in new tab.Then i just close each tab when i finish with it
I'm not a Mac user. I know how to operate a browser. It's still a hassle on mobile platforms and basically karma whoring other people's text posts when it could just be copy-pasted as self-posts.
I dont see what using a mac has to do with anything but ok.
I don't see either but I apparently did then.
I don't care about the validity of the content, I mean does one read Stephen Kings Gunslinger and get pissed because it didn't happen? No, you just feel satisfied for having spent the time with a good story. The true OP blessed us with a tale we can all be satisfied with, and we should thank the ROP for submitting this story here. Well done niggers.
Is this a common characteristic of clingy chics with daddy issues.  That being they're unfaithful.  
Take my up votes.
Fake but good.
First pic looks like a man. Also, got s russian drunk, before an american? This did not happen.
9/10 did read
I can not help but remain astonished by this delightful prose. I think some of 4chan stories will someday be recognized as the bold and fine literature of the XXI century they are.
I kind of believe this shit for once. It seems pretty easy to slip into something like that. Although if she really was a crazy bitch I don't think they would have lasted a semesters worth or whatever it said.
you'd be surprised at how easy it is to get wrapped around someone's finger
Jaw dropped.
And when Eva got back into town, OP was never heard from again. That's some revenge-murder shit right there.
Fantastic story, really was, fact or fiction. Bravo OP.
The ending was clear in the 6th pic start, could have thought something more surprising.
Second best greentext after the Tale of Doradus
link?
One of the top ones on r/fatpeoplestories
Fuckin awesome ass story, thanks for mentioning it. Even I was getting mad at Doradus
The character development of foodbro is just epic

I love that last line, it really is something Bateman would say after he's killed someone

Sounds like where my relationship is heading. Sounds like something i'd do. Fuck me..The feels.
fucking yes
I want to know what happens after she got back and sees him again, could only make this story better.
Reverse Image search anyone?
Damn son.
Slick moves OP
"I hope your name isn't some cheap sexual pun, Miss Suckmeov."
what the fuck
I'm more of a "whatever, don't talk to me anymore" kinda guy, but this..
This is probably the best break-up ever.
OP is a stone cold motherfucker. 10/10
I dont give a fuck if that was fake or not, that shit was epic... 
lol, the idea that someone who browses 4chan enough to put that much effort into a greentext . put up with some hot ass Russian girl treating him like dirt is the real comedic value of this story. 6/10, would pity once more.
As somebody who puts up with a hot ass Russian Girl with extreme daddy issues treating him like absolute horse shit, I find this whole story wholly impossible to believe.
The unexpected racism was a weird detail to include
Worth the read, well played OP.
ITT: People who have never fucked congratulating a fake OP's sick and over the top punishment of a mentally disturbed girl. 
Good job OP! 
Good story but I kinda feel bad for the girl.
I'm amazed by the amount of men who fantasise of a diabolic revenge when been cheated upon. Why is this "payback" so important for some people? 
I'll assume it's true for the sake of argument. .First, that's called a normal family for everyone I know from Russia (and I know a lot of them.) Second, she was probably raped as well, and this asshole probably made shit a whole lot worse. Third, why the fuck are people talkingin.jpg's? What is this new stupidity? It's like hashtags without any of the minuscule sense that hashtags have.   
Talking in jpg's has been around a lot earlier than hashtags..And then again, yep, it's a lot of brutal shit in families here in Russia. A healthy relationship causes a lot of surprise.
Drunk abusive father? sure, spending money on fish and fuel for a long ass drive and back instead of vodka? I call BS on your part.
I thought this was just wrong. Daddy issues are serious business. OP was a shallow manipulative faggot and what he claims to have done hurt a girl, who did something stupid under the influence of alcohol, in a way thats a million times worse than sucking some random guy off
White knight harder you transparent neckbeard  .Having daddy issues doesn't exempt anyone from being a cheating bitch
But the punishment doesn't fit the crime. You being a misogynist makes you the neckbeard.
treating women as equally as you'd treat a man is misogyny now? 
Treating her equally would mean you go fuck some random chick, not bring back memories of the mentally hardest years that haunt her everyday and then bring her to a risk of death by taking to her to some random forest and leaving her there. 
The part where she lets him cum inside her.. that was a total red flag for getting pregnant later in the story
tl;dr
Shes a bear.
I don't understand why receiving a raw fish as a gift would be traumatizing to the point you couldn't stand to eat, smell or see fish anymore. I mean, kind of a lame gag gift, but how could anyone really be this bothered by it?
Awww shit OP!
I was expecting spaghetti everywhere..but holyshit. 10/fucking 10.
OP and his fast car well played sir
disgusting
Flawless mo-fucking victory.
Op's cruelty
dubious 
I've heard of stories similar and just as fucked up. Could be true. I'm giving with one the 75% chance.
Holy fuck
Then she gets raped and murdered. And her death is on OP's hands. 
Real or not, I want to see that as a movie one day
Does she have a problem with her left arm? can she not lower it from her hair?
Cold. Pussy. Shit.
Yeah, if you have anymore pictures of her, that'd be great.
"lesbian gorilla" hahhaahahahahhaa
That was probably the most reasonable reaction to that event.  Bravo jack, bravo.
True or not i enjoy reading shit like this. But usually half way through I know how it will end.
Fucking hell OP. Jesus
Multiaxial assesment.I. Anxious/Ambivilent Attachment Disorder.II. Borderline Personality Disorder (debatable).III. N/A.IV. Domestic abuse - physical & emotional; living alone.V. 55. She needed therapy, not some douche bag to make things 10 times worse
is there a part missing? he goes from a plan popping into his head to suddenly walking in the woods. there had to be something between that
Jesus fucking christ. I hurt even just reading it. I hope it's true, but OP's probably a fag.
Oh man. Fucking hell dude.
Aah, so satisfying to read.
and not a single spaghetti noodle found in the dialogue. 
OP is a fucking champion
He got her a fourth thing too: he was an abusive, emotionally distant asshole, just like daddy. Why else would she be with him?
She was masochistic. 
Yeah OP, that is ONLY Russian girls, all the rest are a cakewalk to deal with.
You obviously didn't read the rest of the posts.
You obviously have never been around girls.
Succubus.
Incubus, OP's a faggot.

For all we know, she might have done a lot of thinking on her way home through the woods. She might have realised that it wasn't as scary as she had remembered. She must have gotten braver since she was a child. It feels good to know that she's gotten stronger and grown in some way. And if walking through the woods at night isn't as terrifying as she remembered, perhaps she can finally face up to other aspects of her past that she suppressed in terror for so long..Sure, she started the walk hurt, in a panic and terrified, but the closer she got to home, the more she felt like she was conquering her past. It had less and less power over with every step. The woods couldn't scare her anymore, and neither could anything else..She even forgave OP, and was kind of grateful that he had done this to her too. Perhaps he knew it was what she needed. She went straight to his place and told him she'd do anything to make amends. "Anything?" he said. "Anything" she replied.."OK then. Take off your clothes, write Daddy's little slut all over your body, suck my dick and walk straight back into the woods, where you're going to spend the night"..She looked at him with disbelief for moment, but then sucked it up. "Fine. If that's what you want. If that can fix this".
She undressed quietly. "Do you have a pen?". He handed one to her. He watched as she quietly wrote 'Daddy's little fuck slut' all over her body. He was actually taken aback that she seemed to be going through with this..She crawled over to him and unzipped his pants. Blowjob ensued. Face fucking and gagging and all the rest. Afterwards she meekly got up to leave....But he stopped her. Knowing that she would go through with it was enough. "Stop" he said. She turned around. "Come here" he said.
They embraced. They forgave each other. They had the best sex that either of them have ever had, and they're been faithful to each other till this day..Exeunt
I just don't want to imagine them together. Now you left this fleeting impression in my head. Thanks!
 bravo, you took something so terribly vulgar and made a happy ending that would melt the heart of a 14 year old girl.
Yes, 14 yr olds love gagging. So romantic. 
i think we knew different 14 yr olds growing up...
You'd know.
and then she still lived in the same dorm the next semester but nobody said anything about how big of an asshole i am
No she killed herself that night...true story.
Vile.
Yep. Nothing but pubescent slut shaming.
Ends up with everybody doing the dinosaur.  Seriously.
Legendary.
Most bipolar feel ride ever OP, 9/11 would read again.

> five of her show up outside.Man, identical sextuplets, huh?
Yeah, .tuplets.
Am I the only person around her that finds this story absolutely disgusting? Yeah I'm sure it's not true, but this girl was abused by her dad. An authority figure much bigger and much more powerful than her. Obviously she is going to have big issues from it that she has no control over because she was an innocent child when this was imposed on her. And you all are acting like he did some wonderful alpha shit? WTF is wrong with you guys? This is exactly like knowing a rape victim, being pissed that she was effected by her rape and then RAPING her again. WTF? 
Whether this is true or not, you're still a complete fucking idiot. Bitch was Russian, Russian's are fucking crazy. Daddy issues or not; just a fucking excuse 
Wow, rape analogy. Wow.
I guess we can excuse anything anyone ever does to us if they have "issues."
We all have issues, and we're all accountable for our actions. We screw up, we deal with the fallout. I wouldn't have handled it the way OP did, but it was fun to read. 
I'm not responsible for shooting you, taking your wallet and watch, and then leaving you to bleed out in an alley. I can't help it because society caused me to grow up with anger issues and my daddy left when I was a child and my mom beat me and I got beat up in school and the gym teacher made me touch his--.No. You're wrong. Adult human beings have the ability to understand the consequences of their actions, and need to be held accountable for them. Blaming this woman's father for her actions (and, for that matter, anyone who acts as cruelly as OP did in the story) is saying that there shouldn't be such a thing as personal responsibility if someone has been abused, and it's a fallacious .. It's also impractical in a society that cares about the Rule of Law.
welcome, welcome we have been expecting you. -b-
She had no issue when she had another guy's dick in her mouth. She totally deserved it. Faggot.
You're not the only one. I too find it absolutely .. And I find even worse the idea that so many people seem gratified by this kind of thing..How "alpha" of young OP. He managed to really kick the emotional shit out of this girl with serious emotional issues - what a guy... I can't tell who's more emotionally fragile, him or her, but in the story it's far easier to sympathise with her, since we know the reason why she's a bit fucked up. OP just comes off as a sociopath.
obivously, OP is a nigger
lol calling someone out for their bullshit and teaching them a lesson = sociopathy  .you're a funny one
You're right, the dude in the story is not a sociopath. He's an emotionally vulnerable, juvenile young man, who is unable to look past his hurt feelings and the dent in his ego. He's a sad little creature, and it's a good thing he's a figment of someone's imagination..The fact that you also seem to be unable to look past his hurt feelings and think he's justified in "teaching her a lesson" is far more worrying.
Except it's not. It's not like rape, it's not like the holocaust, it's not like anything except exactly what it was, some slick revenge for her cheating on him..She betrayed his trust, so in return he betrayed hers. He didn't rape her, he didn't kill her, he didn't beat her, he didn't touch her. So don't say it's like rape when there was no rape..And to be honest, there are a lot of us out there in the world who had some pretty fucked up childhoods. Either you cope with it and move on, or you let that stuff rule your world for the rest of your life. If she can't move on, tough shit. (assuming it was all true).Either way, gtfo.
lol this needs to go in . 
Oh shut the fuck up. You may have had an abusive childhood, but don't belittle people who had their dad trying to kill them or their siblings and didn't turn out to be sane. Not every kind of abuse leaves the same mark. Even if someone manages to pull through, not everyone has the genetic disposition AND support to be able to just brush it off. Assholes like you male my life living hell every day.
Hey. Happy Cake Day, btw.
He left her in the woods in pitch black darkness..... You sick fuck
He left her alone in the fucking woods. I can understand revenge, but using her fucked up childhood to fuck her up even more? That's cold..Yeah, let's make her suffer for being abused as a child.
Having a bad child hood isn't a free pass. Based on what you're saying, anyone who cheats could easily get out by saying "I had a bad childhood" .Even if they did, they still cheated. 
Read my other reply.
It doesn't give her a free pass
I didn't say it does. It's just that the way that the OP (supposedly) gave her payback for what she did was vile and disgusting.
Wow you sure like hyperbolic adjectives don't you  .there's nothing vile about it, the crime fits the punishment, you just don't like thinking of wimmins as people who should be responsible for their actions and instead treat them like special princesses who deserve only the very best
No, when it comes to women and society and such, I usually think that they tend to exaggerate a lot about different issues, but this is just too much..
If the genders were reversed, I imagine the responses would be very different..
Looks like there are more actual idiots than people just acting like idiots on this sub.
You must be new here.
you uh... you know this isn't actually 4chan right...
It's worse about this kind of thing.

you became a gook after reading the story?
yes.
....WAIT FOR IT.......DAIRY. :D XDDDDDDDDDDDDDD8===DDDDDDDDDD~
I actually laughed out aloud at how stupid this was.thx 4 the memories
Wow it's really summer in here
Or, you know, sarcasm. 
Poe's law is a bitch ain't it
Sarcasm doesn't make him any less of a faggot
Neither does summer
..or winter
My russian ex had the same fucking issues...alcoholic father, doesn't like fish...fuuuuck...oh and left me (23y/o, she 21) for a 40+ year old. DADDY ISSUES. 10/10 OP
You don't want that. It's good for a fuck and for old memories later on down the line, but that shit is not good for long term. Girls with daddy issues aren't worth the crazy.
Green text the feelosophy bro. 
Not as interesting as OP. But, after we "mutually" broke up (she did all the breaking up), she proceeded to move on to some 40+year old creep in a club, later on txting me the gory details, because we were "friends", and thats what "friends" do. The being "friends" was a delusion that I kept up with until nearly losing plot mentally and told her straight fuck off out of my life.
What the fuck, is that even legal? 21 y/o and 40 y/o?
New Zealand, legal age for consensual sex is 16
Yes, but still. Just seemed odd to me.
oh hell yeah. FUcking strraaaaange man

)
 
11/10, well done OP.
Hello neighbor, may I borrow a cup of sides. 
Did you lose yours again? They're in space? goddamnit.
Can I plz have my love handles back? 
Wouldn't imitating her cruel father make her more obsessed with you?
Probably but it would also induce extreme short term sadness. 
No dinosaur, no whacky, weird, hilarious ending... Just a conclusion that makes my stomach curl. Holy fuck....... The OP I hate because he was a manipulative douchecanoe from the start, and the girl I hate for being a cheating bitch. This story mentally hurt me, not even fucking lying.
Gay

He didn't really do anything douchey until he found out she was cheating on him...
Disregard
If true, they used each other for the get go, just because hers was a psychological crutch doesn't make her any more innocent over him. They are both assholes. But this is a post of fiction so it matters not!
Discussion is always fun, though! You are right, they are both cunts. 
I agree with you, discussion is grand regardless of form.
Oddly enough, I have more quality discussion on . than on other subs. 
Calm down and welcome to the real world of adults and sex 99/100 times 
Not mad, just attempting to justify the OP of this subthread. 
Throwaway, etc:.I was in an abusive relationship. She was drop-dead gorgeous, utterly mindblowing in bed, and a sociopath. Absolutely the best sex I've ever had. Calling it abuse when a girl talks shit to you is going to make you sound like a pussy no matter what. When you're in the relationship and, since you've just built up an addiction to the person, trying to justify why you want to stay so badly, it's pretty damn easy to tell yourself that the sex makes it worthwhile. You cling to anything that lets you not see yourself as a victim. Abusers make this even easier by talking about their own traumatic pasts; they're not abusive, just damaged..Afterwards, I realized that there wasn't much difference between what I went through and what a woman goes through with an emotionally abusive boyfriend/husband, but I sure as fuck wasn't going to explain it to my male friends in those terms. Again, the only way a guy can talk about the situation without utterly demasculinizing himself is by brushing it off with a "put up with it because best fuck ever". Doesn't mean that's really the case. Guys who put up with being victimized are seen as losers, and that's putting it kindly. Gender roles, society, culture, blah blah blah..Revenge fantasy ending aside, the rest of the story had a few classic abuse elements that makes me think it's true or at least based on the author's experiences. This is a revenge story. On 4chan. The guy's obviously going to portray himself as the protagonist with his shit under control and not have a fucking therapy cry about how stressed and confused he actually was in between all that great sex. Has absolutely nothing to do with manipulating anyone for sex, except himself..edit: Oh, didn't see the other responses and your edit. No worries, I don't think you're wrong for pointing out how that sounds manipulative. Hell, it's supposed to; the person doing the manipulating is the one with the power, so by saying "she tried to manipulate me, but I was above that and manipulated her for my own gains instead", it re-establishes a (false) sense of power over the relationship and removes the victim label.
Here's an alternative view:.Multiaxial assesment, Eva.I. Anxious/Ambivilent Attachment Disorder.II. Borderline Personality Disorder (debatable).III. N/A.IV. Domestic abuse - physical & emotional; living alone.V. 55.TL;DR She needed therapy, not some douche bag to make things 10 times worse
He's the boyfriend she deserved, not the one she needed.
Lost my password but I wanted to ask what you meant by this..You're talking about the girl in the story, right? The person I was involved with would not have been interested in therapy..I described the ending as "revenge fantasy" because I feel like it's probably just fantasy. I certainly didn't condone it, that's a disturbingly cruel thing to do to someone..My post is just suggesting that the author might, potentially, have chosen certain language as a way to avoid being seen as "weak" rather than as an accurate depiction of his emotional state..Did I say something specific that you disagree with?
Essentially you're interpretation of the story is a subjective one based on your own experiences. Just because your experience (terrible as it was) had a certain dynamic doesn't mean this person's did. While it is true that most domestic abuse follows a certain pattern, as a psychologist I can not be biased and make assumptions based on the information presented to me. This is my assessment based on solely the information presented to me..There are many kinds of people with various disorders who don't want therapy. For example, you think someone with antisocial personality disorder wants therapy? There are a range of options and techniques employed to compel people to therapy.
Oh, that makes sense, thanks! Yeah, the way I worded my original post made it sound like I was stating it as universal.
Unless he actually manipulated her somehow, it's not more manipulative than a relationship..I put up with the quirks of my SO because I like other things about her. She can be a fucking pain in the ass at times, but I put up with it because she's the sweetest thing at other times..It's not . different in OPs case, is it? Unless he actually told her he loved her or some shit, he didn't really manipulate her. He.. he just put up with her shit. That's not manipulating.
Lol, relationships are the best form of manipulation, especially in Utah. .Edit: I agree with you, btw. 
What does Utah have to do with it?
Cuz polygamy 
Girls here are raised to be dependent on relationships. 
You skipped part of the story...all of sudden they're just in the woods. Did you forget to upload one of the images? 
Alien Blue is only showing 6 of 7 pics
Doesn't image 6 imply he was heading there? 
Yeah, you can tell what happened, but it just kinda cut from "I have a plan" to "Now we're in the woods". 
I'm not using a reddit app. There are seven images, and there's still a noticeable gap in the story. 
I was wondering if anyone else noticed this, too. 
No, definitely just you.
I definitely noticed it, kinda ruined the story for me actually
Yeah, I was hoping to see the full thing, and then suddenly, woods.
And we all knew the ending once that came. The other part would have added a better body to the story.
Yup. It's a shame, really.
The images in the posts are numbered. It was just weird how that guy started the story I guess
Hey, you're right. Maybe the original OP fucked up and forgot to post a section. 
That's when lies go happening.
What are you talking about? .You can't lie in greentext, right guys? Guys? 
Real stories are told by real people who fuck up..However, in the real world, when confessing a childhood, it is a characteristic of histrionic personality disorder to just start telling made-up, cinematic stories like being left in the woods and having your mother's neck slashed. It also fit the story perfectly..Maybe OP didn't make it up, but if not, then she did..Who am I kidding, OP made it up.
Bravo OP. 10/10
Sure is summer in here.
You serous faggot? That shit was fucking weak, no twist and could have been written in 5 lines.
LOTR:



You just took a great story and turned it into shit.
There were nothing else that added to the story.
Whoa there Freudy Freudmeister. 
I call bullshit.
I agree I am 15 and russian and it take me almost 1/2 a 40
I've gone drinking with russians, I concur.
Yep, bullshit from that point on. I'm russian, and I know things like that.
You nose fucking simpleton.
You don't drink habitually around foreigners. It isn't the same.
The reputation belongs only to the domestic, not the exported :)~.   
"     " -- -     ;   ..  <3
there snot nose bastard "Those lone win thrive in a drunk" - someone's glory only in the possession of an internal, never exported.
adorable asshole.wut.
REMOVE KEBAB remove kebab
you are worst turk. you are the turk idiot you are the turk smell. return to croatioa. to our croatia cousins you may come our contry. you may live in the zoo.ahahahaha ,bosnia we will never forgeve you. cetnik rascal FUck but fuck asshole turk stink bosnia sqhipere shqipare..turk genocide best day of my life. take a bath of dead turk..ahahahahahBOSNIA WE WILL GET YOU!! do not forget ww2 .albiania we kill the king , albania return to your precious mongolia.hahahahaha idiot turk and bosnian smell so bad..wow i can smell it. REMOVE KEBAB FROM THE PREMISES. you will get caught. russia+usa+croatia+slovak=kill bosniayou will ww2/ tupac alive in serbia, tupac making album of serbia . fast rap tupac serbia. we are rich and have gold now hahahaha ha because of tupac you are ppoor stink turk you live in a hovel hahahaha, you live in a yurt.tupac alive numbr one #1 in serbia .fuck the croatia ,..FUCKk ashol turks no good i spit in the mouth eye of ur flag and contry. 2pac aliv and real strong wizard kill all the turk farm aminal with rap magic now we the serba rule .ape of the zoo presidant georg bush fukc the great satan and lay egg this egg hatch and bosnia wa;s born. stupid baby form the eggn give bak our clay we will crush u lik a skull of pig. serbia greattst countrey

Wat
Even in russian it sounds like gibberish. Such is life.
agreed thats statement nullifies any truth behind this story
Totally expected her to be a bear with all the fish and woods shit.
Would have been more believable. 
Fucking faggot fish
or want tree fiddy
I was too. The pic thing made me go against it though.
yea, would have been nice.
Haha wish it was true, that is some brutal shit OP. 
Could anyone that can find this story post the actual pictures of this girl? She is pretty fucking hot for a crazy slut in a story that probably didn't even happen.
Multiaxial assesment.I. Anxious/Ambivilent Attachment Disorder.II. Borderline Personality Disorder (debatable).III. N/A.IV. Domestic abuse - physical & emotional; living alone.V. 55
...maybe?
What makes you think that it isn't true? Just wondering.Edit: I knew it was a stupid idea to ask this 
4chan sometimes attracts some really good writers.
Hello there, summer friend.
The part where it was posted on 4chan
Hahahaha faggot
Someone so dumb at first would not be so brilliant later. It's just to conveniently set up

Have you ever tried to drink more than a Russian?
I WANT TO FUCKING BELIEVE - queue X files music
Except I'm not a summerfag
So here's how I know this isn't true. You cannot be so alpha that you're nailing this hot Russian slut and leave her in the middle of the woods, but then also be so beta that you are listening to, recognizing and humming along to the greatest hits of Tracey Chapman.  Let us not even go to the place where I point out that anyone who can fuck chicks of the quality that those pictures represent is not only not on /b/ but like doesn't even know what /b/ is. 
hmm I see your point. 
when he's talking about what her dad did to her he says.sounds like he's trying to tell a story... how else would he know what her expression was?
Because he was there, looking at her face. 
Are you saying he's the dad?
Not much up for interpretation there.
2spooky
5pooky?
3spooky5me
OP's GF would have gotten back in the car.  No one would stand outside the car opening a gift.  .If OP wanted to make the story sound true, he would have sped off after she pulled the gift from the trunk.  That's the only way it would have been realistic.  
thought precisely the same. nice story, doesn't even matter if it's true (hint: it never is), but the part with the trunk and the door that magically closes in her face without her noticing was just sloppy. 
But then he wouldn't have gotten to say it.
well then he should have made up a better backstory for his fake russian gf
freshman at college bangs super hot russian exchange student and gets revenge after she cheats on him. really fucking standard 4chan user fantasy story.
Yeah, and she gets in his room somehow as if she would have a key.
lol - ever lived in a dorm?
This is probably best explanation. Nice try to the neckbeard who stays home and plays "vidya". Op is obviously a faggot.

Cus that'll automaticly make all stories etc posted on 4chan fiction...
For fuck's sake. Those two sentences mean absolutely jack shit. /b/ isn't some secret online writers of fiction guild. Some stories are bullshit, some are bound to be true, some occupy the gray area in between. .As for this story, who gives a shit, it was a decent read.
You mean it's not a guild....What have I been doing with my life?
Gray area!
That is exactly what it means..'Things here don't need to be true. Shut the fuck up and enjoy.'
You're missing the point entirely. The way to read it is "this is most likely fake but maybe it's real but probably not". It doesn't mean anything about a secret guild it just means don't take this shit at face value..That's exactly what I mean, you never know if it's true or not so you can suspend your disbelief and hope that it is true. If you read stuff and assume it's true you're a fucking idiot.
Really? In that case, please break down the disclaimer for me and illustrate just how you interpreted it that way because I think it almost states the opposite of what you said.
What don't part of it don't you understand? I'm not trying to be a dick, that's an actual question. What's not to get with: If you blindly believe stories on /b/ then you've fucked up.
Yes, that's pretty much exactly what it is says. It doesn't say "If you blindly believe stories on /b/ then you've fucked up but some of them might be true so then in that case you haven't fucked up" which is what you were arguing earlier. 
holy shit you're autistic 
What I meant was you should assume that the stories are 100% bullshit but since you never know you can let yourself believe "hey, maybe this crazy thing really did happen" (even when you're essentially 100% sure it didn't) and that's fun. 
CAN YOU FAGGOTS . STOP HAVING THE EXACT SAME DISCUSSION IN EACH AND EVERY THREAD.
up vote for your cake day
protip: if you're browsing . regularly then you're the faggot.

^ only thing that i've ever read here that is accurate
While creative these kind of attitudes, of revenge and pettiness, will do nothing for anyone. If you make decisions like this in real life the negatives that come with it, in many cases, will outweigh any small sense of satisfaction you would get at that moment. Life's about facing the bad times with grace, dignity and determination, not winning the "who's the biggest piece of shit championship."
"Grace" is definitely a trait all men aspire to have more of.
Are you serious  .Teaching someone a lesson after they've fucked you over is somehow "wrong"?  I don't understand, especially if said lesson is taught in a way that's less than permanent. 
i like you
Well I know you're just trolling because nothing's more permanent then emotional trauma
Hmm, kind of like all the emotional trauma she put him through the course their relationship, huh
But you're arguing that revenge is a viable recourse. I think we're all mature enough here to know that isn't true. Yes shitty people do shitty things, but on some level if you're willing to counter their hurtful behaviour with your own then you kind of deserve whatever the other person did to you. 

someone needs to . this.
Then do so, you lazy ass, don't ask someone else to do it.
i'm on my cell phone that fucks up when i submit posts..you.assuming.CUNT.
You could always just save the post for submission when you have real internet access. Or get a better phone / reddit client.
I agree with you. I would laugh for a week, then have nightmares about her crying on the side of the road for the rest of my life. I have taken revenge on an ex and dem tears will always haunt. Emotionalfag, but I had to say it.
Yup, you go read stories on /b/ for entertainment, not for actual information or to emulate what they "did".
I hope so. Kinda scared that some people out there may use these stories as inspiration to be complete assholes. I've done IQ testing, know I am slightly above average, and know how utterly brain dead I am sometimes. Then I think that over half the world is worse off then I am. Then I worry.
Than u fucking dumb cunt
Social protip: don't talk about your IQ. It's a largely BS number, and no one cares, so it makes you look vain to bring it up. 
Normally I do avoid any reference of IQ, but I think in the way I used it I wasn't glorifying myself in anyway and was crucial to my point. 
Oh for sure, so many posters are straight up socially retarded (hurrrr durrrr friendzoned etc etc) and will think that these stories are good ways to live your life. But people who are inept like that will most likely be fucked regardless of whether or not they go on /b/..Also there's much more to it than IQ. It's about emotional and social skills too. Pretty much just don't be a faggot, be nice and compassionate to the greatest extent that you can. That's why it's fun to go on /b/ so you can act like a cunt and it's super fun. It's like giving your friends shit, you don't really mean it but it's still fun to think of ways to hassle them.
This is very well put. Thank you for playing the devils advocate here.

FTFY
You sure showed me..I'll go home and think about what you said, you changed my life.
Living in New Zealand, we had a Canadian teacher at my intermediate school, early in the year one kid in her class came back from art with a painting or sketch or something he got a good grade on, showed her and said "oh my, how artistic of you, [name]". The poor kid burst into tears, apparently he was somewhat autistic and with her accent he thought she was commenting on that.
what a loser
Horseshit. There's no way artistic sounds more like autistic with a Canadian accent than with a Kiwi one. 
Wow are you a New Zealander? Because we're talking about what a Kiwi 11 year old would hear
To a kiwi it does. I remember cuz she was the first Canadian I ever met. Lovely woman, hilarious accent though.
lol so funy
durr
So fucking edgy
Not edgy, brave, maybe..edit: jesus fucking christ 87 upvotes for an improper use of edgy? I fucking hate it when you fucks on Reddit use that word improperly, consider my jimmies rustled.
it's so not edgy. save the edginess for the real faggots.


it moves!
Alternately

The Autism is strong with these
Idonteven.mp4
Mines The Best  
WHY THE FUCK IS THIS A THING?

". wish I culd c him again in real life....."
 .Mine isn't that bad.
There was an absolutely glorious one in this thread, shadow the hedgehog or something, anyone got it?
I also found a lot of . comics. All Spanish, though

George the hedgehog is apparently some shitty polish comedy film

Still my favorite
Holy shit, is this like a symptom of autism, because this heavily autistic girl at my school always used to draw furry esque characters exactly like this..What is it with this fixation on hedghogs..
Idontknow.bsp

As a fellow Blake, I share the shame.
Dat Green one. Why does it have boobs? Why man?
Possibly because they're a female-land whale? I don't know.
There's like at least one for any name you search, even real unique names as well.
here's mine 
Horrible!
I like it
thx
No able espanol
9/11
Zach is creepy 
 Will the Hedgehog.
The one on the right..Why.
I dunno, Mine seems pretty 

wat

oh god why
Dat wink
R U A GIRL PLS RESPOND
no
This is me, like, totally the bomb

fuck my name
Ben the hedgehog. Autismo strikes again.
Oh my fucking god that photoshop leaf brush makes the image even worse. 

/Thread
Have to say, quite decent drawing, but what the fuck is this?
Gayest one yet 
/thread
 
Couldn't really find a good pic. But this is cringeworthy enough.

wish i hadn't done this...

How are things going with Camilla?
i got her some golden rings... hedgehogs love golden rings ~..~
Oh boy:
Wtf is white flame burned even mean
what the fuck is this shit
Mine is way worse.
That smug ass look, DAMN!
Another Robert? Do people try to call you Bob too?
holy fuck 
I need a translator on this stat
You?  You think you can stop me?  Can you stop this?  Can you stop me .?!
What. The. Fuck.
Doesnt able to use blood managing many times a day


Instructions not clear dick stuck in vagin... oh wait
/ck/ you say (username relevant)

it's clearly more like Jaime Oliver than Gordon Ramsay
Whoever's voice it is. This is a great, concise set of instructions.

I read this in Alfred's voice.
really similar to a piece done by two british comedians back in the day:
I couldn't help but read it in Steve Irwin's voice...
Reads nothing like Gordon Ramsay's voice.
2/10 not Gordon Ramsay, is Steve Irwin.
Reminded me of this

Pretty sure it's just a ripoff of that.

You don't have eyes clothes?.I have this cute pink cloth for my right eye.
Link?
I think the Mars One program is very depressing to me. Yeah it's cool and stuff, but you're basically cut off human civilization. .I think if they try and go thought with this program. They will either die on the trip/landing or they will kill each other in the following 2 years of complete isolation from society and civilization. .Wait this is . wtf am I doing
Spouting absolute nonsense, which is a favourite pastime of redditors on other subreddits. Take your verbal masturbation, flawed as it is, over there.
Source on girl?

Thankee sai
did they ever figure out which video was op?

Yep
his sides
Wide hips for birthing faggots.
The guy who drew it somehow made his face look . disfigured.
That's one ugly spic
His training routine must be so weird. Literally nothing but delts and abs.
Might be something wrong with his spine like scoliosis or something.  The way that hip sticks out isn't normal.  Why his abs are all fucked looking too.  How do you suck that bad at lifting. 
Ab insertions are genetic broheim.
Fucking story invokes hard dick.
I fall for this everytime. I really must be a faggot.
Source?
Ebaumsworld.
Goddamnit /b/, interrupting my coit again.
Fucking story invokes hard dick.
That was the most exciting, wonderful thing that I can remember reading in years...all the way up until "my dick felt like it was made of electricity". It is not that I had a problem with that particular sentence, but that is the point at which the story began to sound like erotic fiction. Perhaps it was erotic fiction all along, but the first half did not sound like it; it sounded believable (the hottest thing that ever happened to anybody, but still somewhat plausible). When our friend goes out with a hot girl, most of us want to know if he fucked her. The next time that we see him, we ask him. The same goes for when we go out with a hot girl. Our friend asks us if we got lucky and we usually don't carry on about how our hands were snagged on her erect nipples as we attempted to passionately rub her pale globes. We usually say "yes" or "no" and if the answer is yes, we will include important facts such as "I came in her", or "She swallows", or "We had anal sex and I am in love". To me, the more that something sounds like the truth, the hotter it is. "I fucked that fat hairy bitch" is hotter to me than "I pumped her juicy shaved 18 yo mound with my 14 inch love rocket". Truth, to me, is always hotter than fiction.
yeah, i knew it
lawl
I read the whole thing. Not disappointed.
Instant classic.
God. Fucking. Dammit..That was the best Bel-Air I've ever read.
Skipped to the end. Goddamn Bel Air.
I got tired of reading all those words and went to the end for the punchline.
wat
youre post sucks
Also a ..
Nah it's not a repost if the other post that was just recently submitted got downvoted into oblivion and it's 2 different imgur links anyways. Still makes 0 sense that this got upvoted even though it was posted an hour afterwards.
Don't be that dumb.
pls quit being dumb
Yay, another shitpost that was probably faked.
This post. Is shit.
For a /fit/ post, it's pretty good.
Omg the Seahawks one..
I can't wait to see people on . give this some stupid, cutesy name and furiously arguing on the proper usage of it.
8/10 unexpected clonkage
Can someone explain? New to 4chan culture..
FAGGOT. ok  . now can i get the real answer?
Ain't even mad. 
Well first off, you have to know tha
don't forget rule zeta..
No, you won't be able to read it with that massive cock in you mouth
Gay guy and OP walk into a bar. Gay guy looks at OP and says "what's up faggot?"
lol
Everyone and everything that ever existed and ever will exist is a fag your a fag everyone in this thread is a fag but most of all OP is the biggest fag so every time you see him call him a massive cock juggling faggot you are also a beta newfag
newfags can't triforce
Subpar lels were had
lurk moar

Try to be less of a faggot and just watch.
Was expecting the Loch Ness.
Delete system32.
This is just stupid and doesnt even flow at all. Just abruptly stops and has a random ending. At least loch ness would have been funny. 
New to 4chan?
Sort of, but this just sucks. I've loved most everything else I've seen though. 
The first thing you should know about this is that you are a faggot.
Wow. That was really bad.
I don't even understand how this even works
Didn't figure it out until they talked about getting them back together.
It was really obvious at neighbour pretends to say hateful words.
So what?
How the fuck did I get caught by that. 
It wasn't walkie talkies, it was bubbles nigger
This was in a b'aww thread.
Why was I expecting butt sex?.Oh that's right, fuck you 4chan green texts.
Annnnnnd we all saw sponge-bob as children. 
I never watched. 
Line 4 the word "neighbor" got me
I didn't get it until he was getting them back together. It was probably because I couldn't see spongebob swearing
Source:
Got me good. Youre still a faggot.
Figured it out as soon as he said the neighbor hacked in..2/10
well aren't you a special snowflake
Knew what it was at line 6.
Wow it took me 18
Took me line 7.
It only took me 5. Not sure if I should be proud or deeply ashamed. Probably the latter, but I'll pretend it is because my little brother watched it.
Dang, I didn't get it until line 9. But when I did I was just like, "Oh hell nah."
3rd line for me
Took me 2! Bitch.
Congrats?
Thanks m8. I appreciate it.
U wot m8? I'll bash u rite in ur gobber, I sware on me mum.
Fite mi irl m8 
I'll foot-punch you right in your butt-mouth.
Why don't you go be a nigger somewhere else? 

i new befre I saw the pic
I knew before Reddit was invented. 
I knew before spongebob was invented
so brav
The sniper thread is over th
Guys I think the coast is clear!! Lets mov
Wow never seent this shit posted here. It hasn't gotten any funnier you fucking stupid faggot asshole, cumguzzling retar
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and Im the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and thats just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down up
Snipers are dumb. Although I've always had a weakness for Candlejack, even though it's the
Real fucking funny joke, you faggots can't ev
I think my keyboard br
FUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUUUUU.CK! Hey, it bounced off my helme
Guys this is getting old can we please st
And I was about to rage cause you forgot the 'n' in your title...
Left Right A,B Select Start
This is ridiculous. You cut off like that, but why would Candlejack submit the com-
Before this thread blows up, you have to say Candlejack before ending the comment abrup
You guys ever hear of Candlejack? I heard he lik
I remember Candlejack. That faggot took m
You're doing it wrong, you don't even hsve time to type a hyphen when you say Candlejack's na
Alright I fixed it. These Candlejack threads have a lot of ru
Not this dumb shit agai
you didnt say candlejack, idio
OH MARY MOTHER OF CHRI-
YOLO MOTHERFUC
im 12 years old and what is th
What app is th
chan sy
And now, half li
it's weird how this still makes me laugh, but it does
Haha ,luckily I wore my kevlar today...faggots.
I like Candlejack too, he
Wow how original, this only shows up once every tw
Wow, you all fucktards comment with the same jokes. Why was I expecting, this is reddit.
You're so cool
So brave
Shut the fu
Brave level: So. What a fucking f
He must have run out of bullets fagg
Seriously this is getting out of ha
What are you talking abou
You guys are stup-
Son of a bi
Wut
you're lat
Just a lit
THE SNIPER'S RELOADING, GET INSIDE!!!!
Dude!  How did you dodge the bull
Seriously, that's the third time you've got sho
God damn it, sarge, don't tell me what to d
Lulz were ha
Respawn timers are sh
If you think it's boring then why should I read it?
He's quoting the material. 
Autism is the best.
TL;DR
The. Fuck.?. 
good story
Best post on this sub yet so far

9/10 last line best would read again
9/1 would fap
faggot OP strikes again
Word is bond
1/10 saw it coming
9/11 would do again.
8/10, quite possibly might read again
That was a badass story, but i wish it was real, it would of been so epic.
I dont even care its fake,Op might be a faggot but he wrote a good damn story
Worth it for last line.
Why is it always fucking wolves why can't there be a nice family of raccoons or bears?
idk man
That was the greatest story ever, 11/10, make a fucking movie, don't care if it's fake.
I would watch it

And then when its an actual story
You forgot the part where you posted a comment.
It's a troll, noobs
OP where you hit by a car recently or something wtf kind of pills are you on 
He must have had the day of his life when he finally realised who she was.
You are really fucking stupid.
You know that's right
Looks good without all the slut powder on
I don't understand I'm sorry
OP set up an obvious joke, and the obvious response came. The pic is arguably the most famous porn star, Sasha Grey. 
i like to believe people are this stupid, especially OP
Yeah, what the fuck? How could someone be so stupid as to not know where porns of Sasha Grey are? 
I didn't know who it was..To be fair, though, that's because I've probably never watched anything with her in it.
You should watch some of her films, she's very talented.
Well the picture in OP is of her at an adult entertainment convention so... let's use our noggins and connect the dots.
"top lels"
god why
Its summer

The lady is porn actress Sasha Grey, there are literally hundreds of films and pictures of her naked and fucking. Once, she read to a school, the photo posted by the 'helpful' anon
whats the story behind her reading to a class?

Could you summarize it for me?
Sasha reads, parents mad.
*Mothers mad, fathers give high fives
Wait... she read to a class? When can I get her to read a book to my class?
Soviet Union is best Union
Communist Russia is best Russia
classic or not at all

It is not reposted a lot/not copypasta so I dont see why. 
Its reposted on /k/ about once a month, its only candy ass fags that think its not copypasta/repost, and it takes a bigger faggot to post this on reddit. 
It's not even a year old.
This is ancient. Just because it was reposted on the board a year ago, doesn't mean its a year old. This is maybe 4-5 years old. /b/ posted this before /k/ was even a board
You got some proof there jackass?
lurk more faggot 
So you admit it then? You're full of shit.
<lurk more faggot.<lurk more.<lurk.<the facial when
Someone's getting defensive about their shitty repost, enjoying your imaginary internet points?
This isn't about karma. This is about you making baseless accusations of reposting with no evidence whatsoever. 
ALSO someone already posted the source to this and it is from a 1988 war film. Thats 10 years before you were born. So obviously, it is you that is full of shit.
THIS IS OLD AS SHIT. THIS IS IN NO WAY ORIGINAL. YOU DID NOT FIND THIS. .The post on /k/ was not the first time it had been posted. Just because it is the first time you've seen it, does not mean its new. I think it was posted by IVAN_CHESKNOV or some other trip fag probably around late 2011. Unlike you i dont save every random pre-screenshotted post and RE-POST it to other websites. Live your own life dude
il  ss
  
cyek
Say what you like about the Russians, but when they go to kill something they don't fuck around.
they also lose 15% of their population
Unless they're against Finland. 
That was more due to the Finns being better.
They weren't fucking around so much as sucking nuts at killing.
nail motneya yatsssga ? 
Sounds Russian to me
/k/ Is one of the better boards imo 
the "lets be as racist as completely possible, lolchimpfest" shenanegans get a bit old, but maybe it is me who is too old.
We have black people post all the time. Yeah you get the occasional stormfag but thats hardly something to judge the whole board on.

I thought they were for the "loljews" shenanegans.
Nah. Most of the time it's just /pol/ leaking. 
the 
/k/.A magical place.
I found this strangely motivational 
It seriously is. That should be in a movie.
...
It is, it was in this 
Seriously?  I don't really want to watch the whole film just to find it... but, in my hood, generally, we watch last the next film good for in the years last ten, so I might have to watch it just to satisfy . in that regard, if you get my drift.
No, no I do not get your drift. Please try again to English and grammar. 
He's trying to be a Japanese shitposter from /int/.
Daskal: [the tank is incapacitated. Daskal hands out a grenade to Kaminski and Golikov] You know our standing orders..Kaminski: What?.Daskal: Out of commission, become a pillbox. Out of ammo, become a bunker. Out of time, become heroes..Kaminski: You must be out of your fucking mind!.[He tosses his grenade aside].Daskal: Now. Together..[Daskal pulls the grenade pin]
These people are assholes. 
[deleted]
I feel the need to point out that the first story was told word for word a while back.

Check number four. Who sleeps over their friend's house on a school night?
"Amerifat" is seriously the lamest insult ever. Call me an Amerikkkan, or an Americunt all you like. At least then you're putting SOME effort into it. That's like calling French people Frenstinkys or calling Mexican people Mexipoors. It's just lazy.
Dad calls "WTC is kill" .anon "no".Lel
Are you fucking serious?
does anyone else remember how they cancelled the fox kids block over the following few days. .never did find out what happened to those digimon.
Had no idea there were no many fucking 14 year olds 
Well, if you know math. Most of them state they were 10 or so at the time..So they are actually all in there 20's now. You idiot. 
These people were kids.
Kids are assholes.
In that whole thread: 2000s kids
Most people were 8, 9, 10, 11, some were in their 20s. How does that make them 2000s kids. 
All brazillians hate 9/11
Welcome to the Internet.
For not caring about something they have no reason to care about?.Do you go cry a river and change security policy every time a few thousand brown people die in the middle east/ africa? No, you don't. Nobody in the US does. Just like that, why would people outside of the US care about 11/09/01?
The death of any large number of people is something you should always care about.
Not particularly. I don't have time to care about people who are thousands of miles from me, just like how most Americans don't care about those suffering at their own hands.

If 3000 black people died in the US, there would have been riots everywhere because "RAYSISM"
You my good sir, are a faggot. 
Are you sure about that, .?
Indeed. 

My god, this is the epitome of "2edgy4me". .I'll tell you what they really did
I only knew this happend like a week after... I laughed at all you fat americans.
being the amerifat was awesome that day. I sang REM its the end of the world on the bus to school and told teachers that my uncle died in the towers and that was why I was exempt from gym.
Jokes on you I got no homework that day. 
Generalize Americans.  Go for it you bitch.
We'll remember that next time you pussies want us to hand you your country back
Nigga, you can't even free your own country
Lord Obama be makin us free yo
top lel
so much yes.
Shut up fucking idiot.
What's the difference between an old cow and 9/11?.You don't milk an old cow after 12 years...
I didn't know 9/11 produced milk.
check your mouth for white stuff again.
Look at you. Bein' all cool and edgy. 
All these posts are the same, just edgy anons saying they didn't care
Why is it edgy not to care? We were just worried that somehow the US would drag the us into a war..They did. I don't care about 11/9, but I certainly do care that we ended up wasting soldiers, money and other bullshit due to the over reaction to it.
Well I didn't care back then for that I had no idea the WTC even existed. I had seen it plenty of times in the movie "We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story" but never really paid attention..Kids don't give a shit; the less made up posts kind of showed that, while the medias blew the fuck up in exitment when tragedies and shit, kids are just that self-centered and won't care for shit..4chan gave us a lesson about individual apathy and the cruelty and barbaric nature of youth. I don't know how you missed it.
I was so young and stupid at the time, I didn't even know anything about it until 2007
0/10
Try harder 
Try harder at what? 
Nothing edgy about it. We simply don't care, how hard is that to understand? You never hear anyone about the London bombings do you? No, only amerifags keep crying a bucket full of analmoist
Gee, I didn't know the London bombings killed 3000 people. My bad.
2edgy4aussie

They didn't care either, can you give me one reason why we should care?
Here comes the care bears from care-a-lot to make you cry about rainbows and dead puppies.
I'm not saying "care." You need to think about this from a big boy perspective for a second. If one of my friend's family members dies, it doesn't affect me, and to be honest, even though I'm a caring person, I don't care. But to everyone I talk to about it, you can be damn sure I'll have social skills and say "I'm so sorry for Dave, it's terrible that his aunt died!" Now, I had no family or friends die in 9/11. But when a ridiculous number of people die from an attack that close to home, I understand that there are people that are affected. So, when it happened, I talked to a lot of people to comfort them, and I'm sensitive about bringing it up because there are people that have been affected by it. I don't sit there like a neckbeard going "AH DUNT CAREE, DUM MURICANZ!!" But then again, I'm social, I know how to talk to people. Yeah, I know there have been attacks in other countries, but it's not edgy for me to brag about not caring when those attacks happened, human lives were lost. And remember, who cares if you were one of the anons in that thread. THIS isn't 4chan, get out of edgy 4chan mode.
Well-thought-out reply. I completely understand where you are coming from, and that it is reasonable to show you care about the people who it hurt, this is pretty common decency, however, this does not mean I should also care about the incident.  There is no difference for me between 9/11 and mass slaughters in Africa or the syrian war, in the sense that it simply does not affect me in any way, except for the news being all about it. To me it is a "far from my bed show", meaning it doesn't affect me in the slightest, nor any people I know, which most of the european people will agree on, I believe.
[deleted]
?
I understand the "far from my bed show" idea. As sad as I think some things in Africa are, I would never cry about 10,000 people in another country starving like I would cry over a single family member. And I can see why you feel the same exact way about 9/11, and how there are a lot of things comparitively worse in the world. Also, this isn't my opinion, but I thought you should understand this for when you come into contact with a touchey American regarding 9/11: a lot of people in America were more shaken up by 9/11 not because of the deaths, but because of American pride and security. There's so many 'murican jokes online, but to be honest, people here in the U.S. didn't expect an attack on home soil, and the fact that it could even happen freaked people out. I mean we have an insane military, it's what America spends so much money on, and the gov't tries really hard to never let a war touch American soil. So it was more the idea of an attack of that magnitude happening right in New York. It scared a lot of Americans that were, admittedly, really ignorant and sheltered to what's going on in other countries. That's why the whole "never forget" thing is about upping security and fighting terror plots. America has a lot of enemies, so the war on terror is ongoing.
Tfw I was actually affected by 9/11 so I can't have a cool apathetic greentext for 4chan 
"WTC is kill"
This is the only one that made me exhale at an increased rate. 
No
Did you not read the post? Most of those anons were affected. So much dragon balls lost and many pocketmonsteranimals not identified by the pocketmonsteranimal identifier.
These are pretty shitty. Let me summarize all those posts
what do you expect
Something funny
I was hoping for lots of 'Jews did it posts, or 'was fapping to TV and news came on finished more powerful than ever"
There was one post about jews...
Don't forget dragon ball Z.
You forgot
Is that even possible?
What were you doing when you were 8?
I don't know.
Ur mum m8
Got me good u cheeky cunt

Tl;dr.op is a faggot.
Jesus.
Too low resolution, can't read.
wat
It's exceedingly blurry. 
Thats not an issue of resolution but compression artifacts; next time I will upload as multiple smaller images to avoid limitations of imgur.
Mad.
Not sure if really stupid or just non native English speaker.
I think it was a non English speaker, sounds like a sentence translated straight from a dictionary with the grammatical rules of a different language.
Today OP was definately a faggot.

That was lame as hell


die painfully ok?.also get out.
Actually, he kept asking how to delete his thread because of his mistake in perfect English. He just goofed. 
How the fuck are you going to write such an incoherent mess of a sentence by mistake? He's just feigning retardation for lulz, or you know... trollin...
Trying too hard

Skwisgaar did you write these questions?
am not write questions! I not stupid as fore-chanse!
Does anyone have the cat pic?.I . it.

god bless RES: Loading of image . failed..Click to view directly
nope
Has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like?
THEN WHO WAS PHONE?
they don't think it be like it is but it do

Genuinely laughed 
me too
Ingenuinely laughed
Laughed.
I just laughed coffee all over myself at work. dafuck did OP say? haha


Very kind of you thanks.
Imagine for A moment if everyone on that board was as capable as .. It's nice to dream.
That was the only good post in the thread
this really paints george in a bad light
And the Oscar for Best Motion Picture goes to... 
"Racial Bandwagoning: The Treyvon Martin Story"
10/10 would watch
[deleted]
It would be par for the course for Hollywood. They tend to lean very liberal with things like this.
"Gun Cartridge"...
Nice repost, d00d!
You would hope the entire cartridge is emptied. Hang fires can be scary.
throw the gun as far as you can and never touch it again

lel wtf
This is the best post I have seen in a week. I'm black and I have to shut my peers up constantly for falling for the race bait and media narrative. Thanks OP, you're my hero.
This was literally posted yesterday,  and this is only half the full story 
Link?
 .Ending is the best part
This was posted like a week ago.
The sad thing is that some people think that's really how it went down.
The sad thing is that some . Groid beasts and liberals think that's really how it went down
But you did see that he is eating something delicious, right?
OP, are you implying that the nigger didn't deserve to die?
Lawlosaurus, is . your hometown?
What is that image from?
A map of Runescape, as the name in the goddamn link might suggest.
nice self post, fag
5...4....3...2...1.... Time 2 get 
I read that as /b/ rates OP gif and was really confused.
she looks like a giant bird
4chan, a bunch of SMARTASS, virgin, lowlife, poor, fat, neckbeards that don't have anything better to do. Simply magical.
Basically, Reddit.
I think you're projecting here. 
I can't tell if that's a compliment. 
Die painfully okay? Prefearbly by getting crushed to death in a garbage compactor, by getting your face cut to ribbons with a pocketknife, your head cracked open with a baseball bat, your stomach sliced open and your entrails spilled out, and your eyeballs ripped out of their sockets. Fucking bitch I would love to kick you hard in the face, breaking it. Then I'd cut your stomach open with a chainsaw, exposing your intestines. Then I'd cut your windpipe in two with a boxcutter. Hopefully you'll get what's coming to you. Fucking bitch I really hope that you get curb-stomped. It'd be hilarious to see you begging for help, and then someone stomps on the back of your head, leaving you to die in horrible, agonizing pain. Faggot Shut the fuck up faggot, before you get your face bashed in and cut to ribbons, and your throat slit.
If you posted the Navy Seal copypasta, it would have been at least somewhat funny.
hurr durr my name is john
Gretchen, stop trying to make that copypasta happen. It's not going to happen.
Oh I'm not trying to make it happen, Im just dvote farming. Unfortunately I got banned from all the defaults for using said copypasta so this is the only relatively big sub I know to farm dvotes in.
Why do this?
I want to be like ferd
Hated?
he has a subreddit dedicated to him, I don't think he's that hated, more like a well known shitposter

You forgot faggots, faggot.
And niggers, nigger. 
and yet, here we are
They weren't doing it to be mean, they were following instructions.  Read it again.


More like this:
Wait, what the hell was the fifth one?!
A woman 
[citation needed]
we can make it if we try!
/pol/ proves that Jews somehow manage to bully other kids in high school.
reminds me of Brave New World and the riot control gasses.

/pol/ is shit and yet again the edgy high school faggot JimCrowLawsFTW is posting this crap.why don't you get /fit/ and stand up to the dumb niggers that clown you in high school, OP?
10/10 if troll
6/10 if copypasta
kill yourself OP
I saw a guy that reminds me exactly of Ian at a magic tournament once. I wonder if it was him. he looked utterly fucking ridiculous
Assuming that everyone at a Magic Tournament doesn't look fuckign ridiculous. 
fair point. 
That was a femanon by the way. She just didn't admit it so she wouldn't have to follow the rules but it was pretty obvious.
Rule 31 doesn't apply here, femanon was not being an attention-whore.
a girl without GOTIS always gets a free pass.
My step dad got divorced by my mom because he's a mecha-Xtreme to tha maxx dickmaster 9001, and in retaliation he hasn't paid child support and is now spreading rumors that I molested my sister, who is eight. .I always take these stories as being made up, anyway, so whatever.
Your family just hates you because your a fucking idiot.
straw was the only thing rustled
holy fucking what?

I'm guessing Ian is supposed to have a voice like Marge and the droning hum is like her murmur.
That or something like a mentally deranged krogan
Sounds like the Cuil Theory.
Strangely mind blowing   
woh

1 Cuil = 1 tab of acid?
Lol pretty much
How many marijuanas are equal to one acid?
Banana licorice.
Honestly the stupidest thing I've ever watched. .I went in thinking it was some scientific theory or something, but its just a talent-less autist reading his gay poetry. .Hope he dies.
OP had a raging boner for the defense.
This doesn't break anything down!
Master Mellow, a real life super-villain. 
You should never go full retard.
"Felt pretty bad" .As if that wasn't the expected result
I like how you posted your own story (faggot)

 it your story?
I had an interesting spanish class.....no james....no marshmallows though. I just don't know what made this guy think it was me....browse fit. This shit is on there daily
Just wondering, how can you tell he made this story?
Maybe his secret network of spies across the USA tracked OP's IP.
So the NSA is going around calling people faggots?
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and Im the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak . so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and thats just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre fucking dead, kiddo.
I dont give a fuck who you are or where you live. You can count on me to be there to bring your fucking life to a hellish end. Ill put you in so much fucking pain that itll make Jesus being nailed to a cross in the desert look like a fucking back massage on a tropical island. I dont give a fuck how many reps you have or how tough you are IRL, how well you can fight, or how many fucking guns you own to protect yourself. Ill fucking show up at your house when you arent home. Ill turn all the lights on in your house, leave all the water running, open your fridge door and not close it, and turn your gas stove burners on and let them waste gas. Youre going to start stressing the fuck out, your blood pressure will triple, and youll have a fucking heart attack. Youll go to the hospital for a heart operation, and the last thing youll see when youre being put under in the operating room is me hovering above you, dressed like a doctor. When you wake up after being operated on, wondering what ticking time bomb is in your chest waiting to go off. Youll recover fully from your heart surgery. And when you walk out the front door of the hospital to go home Ill run you over with my fucking car out of no where and kill you. I just want you to know how easily I could fucking destroy your pathetic excuse of a life, but how Id rather go to a great fuckng length to make sure your last remaining days are spent in a living, breathing fucking hell. Its too late to save yourself, but dont bother committing suicide either Ill fucking resuscitate you and kill you again myself you bitch-faced phaggot. Welcome to hell, population: you
Oh, he has no idea. He's probably a newfag who doesn't really know how 4chan completely works yet. 
A good story to tell round a camp fire. Enjoying marsh mallows.
There is actually a word for fear of Marshmallows: Althaiophobia. Interesting.
What the hell is there o be afraid of? The soft, gentle squishiness?!
Something to do with the Stay Puft man?
apparently you've never been raped by a marshmallow 
He probably inhaled one as a kid and choked on it for a bit.
What kind of bullshit white person disease is that?
It's better than contracting Niggeritis. Happens to children at birth and has a detrimental effect on a child's latent ability to end up in a federal prison.
It's true. Girls are more sadistic when it comes to psychological torment.
Uber/10
That was awesome haha
Read it with the song on in the background.
10/10 would read again.
listened to this shit just for old times sake
What the fuck
Sweet Jesus. That is a weird kind of fantasy there
But that chick is really hot anyway.
Nice repost
Call it a shoe one more time, I dare you
There's a shitload of videos on YouTube of turtles having sex with shoes. Turtle fucking in general is hilarious because of the vocalizations they make. 
I'd prefer to watch that over Crystal Palace any day.
Atleast something is attracted to crocs
Gotta love them reposts.
 
no
Don't post again. 
Dubs ? this is not recent.
What is dubs pls?
Two of the same numbers. "44" 
OMG, i can't wait to see what is going to happen in November 7-
Thornton's uses clear plastic lids.  :-\
You're meant to cover the bar with slurpee you idiot.
Eyosongiveus
Oh man I remember this thread, I didn't realize that post would get so many replies
Markup on those drinks is so high that it would obviously cover the cost of the candy, so the store is still making a profit.
5 more words and you didn't have to post the link
B-but mah karma...
I usually put a beer in there
I'm doing this with a hotdog. 
so meta
After being acquitted, George Zimmerman exited the court room with his two lawyers. "You guys did a great job," said Zimmerman. "I can't thank you enough." After shaking hands, O'Mara said, "Now, George, it's time for us three to celebrate and have our own little recess." Zimmerman, West and O'Mara then proceeded back to O'Mara's household to have a few drinks. After the three finished off 2 bottles of Watermelon smirnoff, West took off his pants to reveal his throbbing 10 inch man dick and said to Zimmerman, "Are you ready for some real bodily harm now? Approach the bench." West ripped off Zimmernan's pants and bent him over the ottoman in O'Mara's living room. "Mark, give me some help and show George how we cross sexamine.'
O'Mara, taking West's lead, removed his pants and gripped his dick in his hand, which was as wide as an Arizona iced tea can. "There will be no screaming this time, George." O'Mara and West proceeded to turn Zimmerman into a human shishkabob, sustaining this position for several minutes. "George, it's time for us to call our next witness." From the back room, Vincent di Maio sauntered in, his python-like dick twitching as often as his eyes. "You know that I could shove my fist so far up your ass, I could feel the pulse of your heart, George?" Di Maio proceeded to give Zimmerman a fisting. "Is this fisting more enjoyable than the one Trayvon gave you, George?" di Maio laughed.
wot
After being acquitted, George Zimmerman exited the court room with his two lawyers. "You guys did a great job," said Zimmerman. "I can't thank you enough." After shaking hands, O'Mara said, "Now, George, it's time for us three to celebrate and have our own little recess." Zimmerman, West and O'Mara then proceeded back to O'Mara's household to have a few drinks. After the three finished off 2 bottles of Watermelon smirnoff, West took off his pants to reveal his throbbing 10 inch man dick and said to Zimmerman, "Are you ready for some real bodily harm now? Approach the bench." West ripped off Zimmernan's pants and bent him over the ottoman in O'Mara's living room. "Mark, give me some help and show George how we cross sexamine.'
O'Mara, taking West's lead, removed his pants and gripped his dick in his hand, which was as wide as an Arizona iced tea can. "There will be no screaming this time, George." O'Mara and West proceeded to turn Zimmerman into a human shishkabob, sustaining this position for several minutes. "George, it's time for us to call our next witness." From the back room, Vincent di Maio sauntered in, his python-like dick twitching as often as his eyes. "You know that I could shove my fist so far up your ass, I could feel the pulse of your heart, George?" Di Maio proceeded to give Zimmerman a fisting. "Is this fisting more enjoyable than the one Trayvon gave you, George?" di Maio laughed.
I see.

At a summer camp i went to they had a slishie called a kybo slushie (for those who dont know, a kybo is slang for those old wooden outhouses) that was a king sized snickers bar sticking out of a yellow Lemmon lime slushie. This post just reminded me of that.
Why the fuck do people always steal shit from convenience marts? Those snarky indians are always looking out for shit to happen and their selection is shit anyway. .Just fucking shop lift at your local grocery store. The workers are usually dumb as fuck teenagers or 50+ year old fuck up who don't give a flying fuck. .Back in the day I would literally just walk out the grocery store with entire boxes of whatvr the fuck I wanted. Better yet, most of the time you can just walk around the store and eat whtvr it is you want, and then leave once you're finished. I'd even go the deli sometimes, ask for a sandwhich, tell them i would pay up front at the register(the deli part was in the back) and I would just walk the fuck out with a free sandwich. .Seriously bros. Shoplifting at grocery stores is the shit. 
My mate used to cram 2 hotdogs into his roll to get two sausages.
OP does something very similar
That's no different than putting it in your pocket since there are security cameras
It's not like they look over the security footage unless they know for sure that anything was stolen. Plus, they probably wouldn't even try to track you down if you stole a 50 cent candy bar.
Which, still, is no different than if you put it in your pocket.
So, free slurpees starts at 12 am? Say it were 11:42 in my time zone, in 18 minutes I could be holding a free slurpee with a snickers in it?
a snickers won't even fit into the size cup the free slurpee comes in
Break that shit in half
Starts at 7 AM IIRC
How the fuck is that any less sneaky than putting them in your fucking pockets
The indian at the counter is more likely to (get you) search your pockets than search inside a lsurpee.
No kiddin, went to a 7-11 today and they were all out and we went to talk to the cashier and he was the stereotypical Indian with a full on unibrow. I mean this thing was fucking thick like you'd think it was it was fake hair, didnt help him that his English consisted of no yea and receipt? 
The one at my local store is weird. I don't know if he has a really fat tongue, really bad english, or is purposefully joking around but it sounds like he has a mental disability.
I know this isn't the point but seriously, when was the last time you paid 50 for a full size candy bar?
Yesterday at a gas station. 2 for $1..Given I had to buy gas too.
Or if you suspect that they are going to check the weight ( I just realized that is why they always took it away from you) put a pack of rubbers in there since they are lighter.
Why would you bother stealing condoms, just go to a Planned Parenthood and they'll give you a bag full of them for free. 
BYOS
Wait. Are you implying that rubbers will make it .? 
Are you implying anyone in this thread, void myself, has ever needed a condom?
You've voided yourself? Just over this?
Even old uncle Punjab knows to put the condoms behind the counter
Not where I live, bus tickets, smokes, and foreigners are behind the counter.
The 7-11 where I live has clerks that always pick the cups up from the counter or ask if they can hold it before you pay. They're very wise. It's not even a low income area where you'd most likely see it.
Is it really that different than putting it in your pocket instead?.Fuck. 
It would melt there, dipshit.
That's why you fill it with Icee you fucking moron..No clerk is going to go rooting around in your Icee for a fucking candy bar that may or may not be there.
If you can't tell a cup full of slurpee from a cup filled with candy bars and slurpee just by holding it you're an idiot. Where did anybody say people were trying this without putting slurpee in it?
A candy bar alone is probably around 30 grams, I would imagine that kind of weight is negligible. Unless what you're proposing is literally putting all kinds of shit in it where the bottom of the cup is bulging, yeah sure, you could tell what's going on just by picking it up. That's how people get caught, and they're the idiots. .I thought you were referring to people with a cup full of items and no slurpee, and them getting caught. 
Candy bars are less dense than slurpee, meaning a cup full of candy bars and slurpee weigh less than a cup full of slurpee.
I hope nobody is actually that dumb.

The clerks have to check everyone's slurpee every day, I'd be surprised if they couldn't tell the difference after a few weeks on the job. Unless everyone did this...then they'd be accustomed to the weight of an icee with a candy bar in it. 
Icee your logic
Genius 
mfw


I like making slippery balloon animals.
In college my brother got to the point where he'd get the largest slurpee cup and put Visine, candy bars, chips, a hot dog, and a mini flashlight in his slurpee and put a little slurpee on top to hide the evidence. 99 for like $7 worth of goods. He was so proud of himself. 
What the fuch kind of comically oversized slurpee cup is 99 cents
there is no world in which a clerk would not realize your brother was doing that.
I'm obviously exaggerating about the hotdog, but on multiple occasions I did see him stick a box of Visine and a bunch of candy in there. At the 7-11 in Santa Cruz, CA. 
whaaaaaat? i worked at the santa cruz 7/11 for like a year and a half... the one on chestnut?.fuck that i wouldve noticed this
Haha Jesus. Maybe not if it was during one if the many times that place was slammed with kids all stoned and drunk out of their minds. Good times man good times. Thanks for the reminder. 
I'd have to ask my brother which one it was but there were definitely tons of people fucked up in there and he's a pretty sneaky dude...
Hahahahaha, then you get less Slurpie. Idiot.
Lose a few cents worth of slurpee, gain a couple of bucks worth of candy. Kind of a no-brainer.

Still less imo, need bigger slurpee cup 

But he's replacing it with candy
Chocolate is from cocoa beans so its essentially vegetables. 
My old high school replaced all Starburst and Skittles in our candy machines with chocolate because it was decidedly healthier. Thanks, Bush Administration.
Oh, Santa Cruz. That explains everything..Your brother probably could have put the clerk in his cup without the clerk noticing.

Im gonna do this with the cheap cell phones they have
Who buys a cell phone from 7/11
That's so low class bro. That's what drug dealers do.
Niggers
Niggers
Niggers
Drug dealers
People who have too much pride to accept an Obama phone.
No pride here where do I get?
I dont buy it i steal it
Drug dealers.
Heisenberg approves
Gotta have that burn phone. 

I hope one of you fuckers do it and go to jail and a big black guy walks up to and goes, "Whatchu in fo boy?" "Concealing a candy bar in my slurpee, mister". He'd then grin, push your head down and conceal his big candy bar in your slurpee.
I'll make you prom queen pretty boy
What kind of backwards 4th world country do you live in where you get put in jail for stealing a candy bar? 
[deleted]
psh. what are you, black or something?
mexican
Oh a jail rape joke, edgy one there shit bird.
how do you enjoy r/4chan at all if you're getting asspained over a rape joke.
SRS pls

"but mister I poop from there"
[deleted]
"Wanna bet"
._.
poor people
This answer is very appropriate, but why am I laughing?
Because poor people.
because poor people are funny
Especially poor homeless sick dying children
Now that's what I call edgy.
3Edgy5me
lol, africans
lol, niggers
Geen-ass.Also, free slurpees tomorrow at your local 7/11. Don't forget fagets
What the fuck. I went to 7-11 on 7/11 and didn't even remember that shit. Aww man...
OH MY GOD I ALMOST FORGOT
GODDAMNIT. I never have been angrier to not be located near a 7/11. Fucking Georgia.
I hate the people that live in thomaston,ga they have the only 7-eleven in the state.
Fucking Canada*
I live in Canada and in my city there are a whole lot of 7/11s I've got 3 in walking distance  
Ive nevee even seen one. :/ 
Praries or what?
their all over BC, AL, ON, QU, and all the lame provinces to the east
I'm in MB, there's 1 in walking distance, 2 in a 5 minute drive. And like 10 if I care to drive over 30 minutes.
Three free candy!
And that means free candy!
the real jimbles would never be this terribly unfunny 
Thank.
Autism.
Jimbles Notronbo is a real thing btw just look it up on facebook
Now that is what I call poor mental health vol. 23
Idk why I think this Jimbles stuff is funny 
Byke you and funy as well and do
Mfw jimbles high fives
Peeople who are going to die alone:.Me [X]  OP [X]  Jimbles [X]
Things that are funnier than this.AIDS [X]
Dane Cooke [ ]
9/11 [X]

dae louie c k
Louie is love, Louie is life
Now I have to listen to the theme song! Damn you!
Dafuq?
I have no idea how 4chan works so please bear with me..From what I've seen on these posts (mostly front page stuff), you post a pic (usually related to subject at hand) and tell a story in HTML prompt format using non-first person narrative (but not quite third person either) which presumably has the effect of putting the reader into the position of the storyteller (but reads like a to do list or a series of directives. "Be 17. Sleep with 7/8").Is that correct? Did I miss something here? Who posts the pic, the OP is that like the general reaction of the readers? Why does everyone use that format? Is 4chan all about NSFW storytelling or is there some other purpose I'm missing? I've read up on what Wikipedia says about 4chan but it's just facts that left me with more questions than answers. I want to hear from some actual users from their perspectives.
OP is a faggot. His face was covered in male butthole-blood.

Been there...in her parents living room. 
What the fuck is a 7/8?
She's totally a slut but I don't know I might've broken her HYMEN
If he cut up her 'vagoo' that badly with his fingernails, ill bet she was extremely uncomfortable/in a lot of pain from the experience. Total fail on his part.
wtf? Is this the fucking metric system? gtfo commie. we use /10 scale in Murica.
fuck you, octal is where it's at
merica and logical measurement systems, your kidding right?
916-812-7753 call me for a good time lonely 17 female looking for fun :)
_
What you doin here faggot
fuck me baby
Thirsty much?
The fuck kind of area code is 916?
A fake one
How do you not know if your fingernails are long as shit?
OP is 
Gave her vagoo the old lickeroo...
The image is a reflection of my reaction.....
Turn back. 
The comments you are looking for are somewhere else. 
Pretending truth: slut bled period sauce all over beta fag's face and blamed him knowing he'd believe it and is laughing with her bitch friends
I totally lost it at "Vagoo".
Did you make this thread OP? What a pile of shit
7/8 translates roughly to 9/10 for the arithmetically challenged.
Anon is a bit of a slut himself
Fastest unboner ever.
You're only scratching the surface. If you don't understand 4chan, either go there and lurk around until you learn through osmosis, or unsub . .
Eyosongiveus
wut?
Eyes on give us?
hey yo son give us..
It's his username
GIVE YOU WHAT
This story is lame
Vagoo.
same thing happened to my buddy. Went down on his girl while she was ragging lol 
Whoa crazy! What did it taste liek?
I didn't ask. I think he was drunk to when he did it so maybe that's why he didn't notice it...
LOL! Th@t is growse,!.!1 
7/10 or 8/10
8.75/10 actually
"she removes her short shorts". Do shorts come in any other length ?
Yes. 
I'm still giggling reading vagoo. 
much better than, sorry I bled period blood all over your mouth and nose.
8===D~~
haha lol
Clipping your nails is for reals.  10/10 would believe again.
lurk moar.
fuck it are we just making up number systems now?.21/25 would rage again
3635/9191 would rate again
254/255 would byte again
nigger/nigger.would hang again
so edgy xD
edgy/edgy.would an hero again

Double space to make a new line
Yeah I know, but what difference does it make?
Double enter is the right way too do it isn't it
It would stop you from looking like a retard.
Well that's not nice
Says the boy posting on .?.Not a place to be calling others names. 
Sometimes the truth hurts.
eating out a women is never beta. da fuck is this kid talking about. 
eating out girls on a ONS is quite beta
ehh........ there are plenty of people who would consider oral sex to be part of any decent night of sex.
It would be one thing to get herpes from a one nighter, it would be another to have it on your face for everyone to see.
What kind of beta are you to never have had herpes on your face?
I was under the impression that there were no reliable tests for herpes, and the only way to know if someone has it is from them getting an outbreak and testing the sores. If that's the case then it wouldn't really matter if you waited for additional dates to go down on them as they couldn't get tested for it anyways between now and then....I guess if you had less oral sex it would decrease your chance of getting herpes but I don't think it's worth it... herpes is pretty benign and overrated.. Then take into account all of the adults who are not sexually active, or have only had 1 sex partner.
The most reliable test for herpes I know of is looking in a mirror and seeing it on your face or peen..I was also mostly referring to the fact most people use condoms with randoms to prevent things like this, since there is a more chance of them being promiscuous and not being safe. But then going down on them pretty much negative that safe measure taken..but your point is true as well.
Bumping for "Vagoo"
Is it beta to lickaroo?
That's what it's called in Australian
If that's it.
Every girl that has asked me to take her anal virginity I ate out
Being in complete control of someone else's sexual pleasure is beta? Don't think so bro.
If you don't get head back, I guess.
I dunno, I think you'd have to be pretty alpha to catch a kangaroo and lick it.
No, it's quite fun actually. You'll find out sometime.
Maybe.
With his dick though.
Dickaroo
Still, more appropriate then "Upvoted".
I never know how to talk on these 4Chan reddit posts..If I post as if I'm on reddit, everyone calls me a fag, but if I talk like I'm on 4chan people correct my grammar!
fag.
I never know how to talk on these 4Chan reddit posts..If I post as if I'm on reddit, everyone calls me a fag, but if I talk like I'm on 4chan people correct my grammer!
 FTFY
People just don't appreciate your genius.
I don't see the difference. Is that the joke?
He changed grammar to grammer for some odd reason
I see it
No OP is just a virgin and this story never happened
what an unusual arbitrary rating system..That's a little bit under 9/10, for the non-barbarians out there.
I thought he meant "7 to 8 out of 10"..
Or he's just being a faggot.
you know the answer
What does that convert to in .?
15 microhelens
16.3 picohitlers
that's like a 14/16
Hottest vagoo I ever gave the lickaroo to was.That's a little bit above 9/10, for the non-alphas out there.
I figured he meant 7 or 8 out of 10.
>is joke


I have no fucking idea
>like this you fucking faucet
Nice autocorrect, faucet 
Who the fuck uses faucet as an insult? where you referencing 
Include a backslash \.Like this \> becomes.>Implying greentext is special
>Motha.>Fuckin.>Escape sequences 





The true version:

God.
Yes my son?
lickaroo is a reference to this story, I hope:

Thank you for your insight.
This post is the most incomprehensible pile of shit I've ever read, including "Has anyone even been so far as to do look more like...". 
OP is Robin Williams


That's actually a reference to a manga. I don't remember which one, so I'll half quote, half paraphrase it. (Note- the strange spelling of genitalia is due to shitty censoring(.Boy: "[something something] I'm not familiar with how to perform the sexual acts".Girl: "Well...just put your pOnOs...to my vagOOO...and j-j-jam it in!"
No it's not, they have to censor those words in Japan. Most of the time translators just write out the word without censoring it, but sometimes they do censor it.
You're thinking Fate/Stay Night. The MC is really, really dense.
Yeah, but the quote is from a hentai parody comic.
All I know is that Least I Could Do use Vagoo.
fucking LICD so good
Pick one.
This deserves more attention
OP chose... poorly.

In my experience there are two kinds of sluts - the kissy slut, and the fucky slut..The kissy slut will make out with anyone. So will the fucky slut, but she'll also fuck anyone. Guess which one you don't want to be involved with.
What are you like 9?
The kissy slut. Fuck that shit.
Yeah at least with the fucky slut i'm getting laid.
Either way you're getting herpes.
Does one technically need to have sex to considered a slut? What if she just gave a lot of head? 
Butt slut just like mother Mary. 



but whores do it for money, sluts are free.
About seven or eight years ago I saw them while camping, before they were "famous." My bf and I were arguing and his jaw dropped. "There's a two headed girl behind you". "Yeah right, don't change the subject." Turned around and forgot what we were fighting about. Didn't even care anymore. 
What if...like...one of them falls and breaks her head and becomes brain dead? Do they chop off the head and let the other girl have the whole body to herself? 
That's so dark
They each control one side of their body, so they would have a half dead body as well.
That's a good question. If that would be the case maybe they'd plan ways to murder each other to try to get the other half.

(.__.)
A friend bought for me so we could play together. From graphics to mechanics, the game is just terrible....Anon lucked out and saved an hour of his life by not playing it.
I had that game, bought it when it first came out, defended it, was there for the hacks, when punkbuster came around it got better, but to be honest, it's a pile of shit rolled in glitter. 1/10 would buy again. 
I don't understand how a studio can combine everything I've ever wanted in a game and fuck it up so badly.
Fucking Russians. Russians and Brazilians, literally worse than the Jews. 
Literally, except for Russian rape pron and Brazillian tranny porn. Jew porn is just boring and you can smell it right through your monitor.
I absolutely need to see Jew porn. Preferably Hasidic Jew 
Grey Desk
Orange Whisk
Blue Sleeping Kitten on my shoulder. 
Grey Yogurt
The striped blanket
Dark gray phone?.Beta as fuck.
White Nexus 7
Green toilet 
Nude Note II
The red stapler........i was told there would be cake.
Black Rabbit..So I'm going to bite people's necks to the point of death or something?
I am the Brown Banjo. This could actually work.
Naked Wood
Black Bitch.
Grey Milk (Carton?) .Welp, looks like it is time to call Chocolate Cookie my sidekick...
Naked cum-stained boxers.
Naked AC adapter
Blue Pillow..Bollocks.
White Arnold palmer
The Purple Pillow..majestic as 
Naked Pillow, here.  Want to be my partner? 

Hell yeah!
Exactly the same as mine!
Is this supposed to be funny? Stop being a fag.
Naked katana
Grey Alejandro
naked sister
White curtain
White power outlet.
NakedNothing
[deleted]
Holy lol
What'd he say?
No idea. My memory is shit.
naked piano
Naked Cracker.
Kuro Usagi sounds much more badass
Many things in Japanese sound much more badass.
Exactly
Brown Arizona
white handbrake.
Pink Curtain.....Uh...
Whitewall..Great, I'm a tire.
The blue spitter
The fuck is a spitter
A spit bottle for whenever your dipping smokeless tobacco. 
Your mom OHHHHH
Invisible lube bottle.
Green trashcan
Im the Green Coke no Pepsi is safe ....
Tan Coke. We should team up.
Black Coke, reporting in.
Naked Axe

Black suffocating child
Wut
I kinda want to see a higher res version of the picture in the OP..Then again, I know my brain is making me imagine those girls are a lot more attractive than I can make out in that tiny fucking image..Not sure whether to keep living in blissful ignorance.
What app or whatever is that thing he is using? 
Wot m8?
It's Opera Mini
Pic Sauce?
The internet.

Close enough 
Fake. /b/ loves some jailbait.
That's the point... 
I know, I wasn't being serious when I said Fake...
Who the fuck uses Opera?
Uh they make good browsers and specialise in mobile options, so, I guess a bunch of people?
Second best mobile browser in terms of speed, after stock android. 
What's the age of majority in aus?
 18. 16 but there is a Romeo and Juliet law which allows you to be up to 2 years older if they are older than 10.
Do they realise Romeo and Juliet were much further apart than 2 years? Like probably over ten years..EDIT: Apparently Romeo wasn't early twenties like I remembered, in case I bothered anyone. Still probably a five year difference...
dude you have an update ready, you should download it bro
For me that means it already updated (HTC One X)
For me it means both. Annoying as hell. 
^ that one
An update*
thanks:)
If I shave I could pass for a really fat 12.
12/10, would bang.
/thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread /thread  /thread 
/thread
/thread
As long as "/thread" pisses people off, I hope it keeps getting posted. Get mad, you fucking cocksucker.
i dont even know what it means.
"Nothing else here" "the thread is done" "no need to say anything else" etc.
/tangent
/thread
I ain't even mad, just pulling a 4chan and repeating it to infinity

This is all of the cancer wrapped up into one little bundle if cocks.  Thanks feggot 
/THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD /THREAD 
r/4chan has another productive day
OP has another productive day of sucking dicks
lets say you had an infinitly long number that doesn't repeat itself. it could have every possible number in it but it doesn't need to. lets say it went 110110111011110111110 and so on. it doesn't even contain the two and it still not repetitive. there could be infinitly many universes without every possible universe existing.
its probably this universe.
He didn't break string theory, he gave an example of a multiverse. 
All . universes.
Multiverse theory is not the same thing as String Theory. 
We've established pretty well that an infinite set doesn't need to contain everything, but even if it did, anon would have to establish the coherency of the idea expressed in the phrase "a universe in which the infinite-universe theory isn't true". .e.g. just because I can vocalize an incoherent signifier like "a rock that isn't a rock" or "two twos that sum to five" doesn't imply that a signified is even possible. You can say nonsense without it referring to anything. 
All that means is it may have been proven false in one universe doesn't mean it actually is false.
this is 2edgy4me..abandon thread.
my nose is bleeding
Godel
i'm sold. problem?
No because the concept of "infinite" is a fixed concept. You can't suggest that because something is infinite, there must be a stopping point because 'infinite suggests every possible thing ever'... Which is obviously wrong.
This is a real problem for string theory taken from the philosophy of science, it is legit but anon did not come up with it. I seen PHL-o-raptor saying the same isht two years ago. 
No. Logic is universal.
This doesn't necessarily break string theory. In the infinite set of universes, there are certainly an infinite amount of universes. However, in the set of universes in which the set contains a finite amount of universes, for example two universes, Anon's question will be answered in the positive.    .This implies a set of multiple multiverses where there are different kinds of infinities, much like the set of real numbers between 0 and 1 is one infinite and the real numbers between 1 and 2 is another infinite, but I digress  
Physicist here. adsfni asdfjie swagswagswag snfi ejioafd jeifs sandfie nifew dsfne asdnfie siojaf eniafsd mei sdfi fagdonalds.
ITT people who don't know who the fuck is Leibnitz and that two sets of infinite elements can be of two different size. 
ALL MUST WATCH.BBC Horizon: To Infinity and Beyond.youll thank me later
Not necessarily.  
i'm the only one in here who'll admit that i'm not smart enough for this shit. fuck multiuniverseinfiniteshits, everyone else is just repeating what they read on wikipedo and trying to convince themselves that they know this crap.quickedit: can you try and explain transfinite numbers to me as if i'm a retard?
I'll try with the help of math and logic..Two infinite sets possess the same number of elements if it is possible to bind two-two their members. exemple :.Positive Natural numbers minus 0: .* [1, 2, 3, ...]
Prime Positive Natural Numbers minus 0: . [2, 4, 6, ...].* & .1 & 2.2 & 4.3 & 6.... &  ....These kind of set are called "denumerable" (same quantity)..You can't do that between . (natural numbers) and . (Real number) because, in ., there is as many numbers between 0 and 1 that between 0 and 0.1 (0.0423, 0.06589653, 0.0999999999999994, etc.), or 0 and 0.01, or 0 and 0.001, etc.. and . are two kinds of infinite. In philosophy of mathematics, it is called Aleph 0 for . [aka the smallest infinite set possible], Aleph 1, 2, 3, etc..These are rather sharp notions in logic and mathematics. If you want to read more about it, I recommend you . by Poincar (at least the first two chapters)..: 
i think i understand a bit better now. i love numberphile but have not seen that video. thanks!
You're welcome. These kind of concepts are hard to understand because they are counterintuitive. Like 0.999999999... = 1 [1/3 = 0.3333333... 2/3 = 0.6666666... and 3/3 = 0.9999999999 = 1]
Exactly. This is not ...Get educated, OP
It means that there are infinite universes in which that isn't true.
Constants and variables.
The answer is no because it shouldn't be assumed that other universes have 'crystalized' the same dimensions as we know here. You have to be more open minded of these things.
All these complicated comments remind me on why I didn't get Bioshock: Infinite's story.
Your nose is bleeding.
Thanks, my nose is actually bleeding.
if the "infinite universe" is a single entity, composed of an infinite number of "universes", and if the physics is the same throughout the entire "infinite universe", then he/she is wrong. The "infinite universe" theory is true in every "universe".
What if that one is OURS?!
technically it doesn't matter as the other realities are separate and there for don't need to fallow each others laws
Our understanding of paradox is infantile. Perfect subject matter for 4chan. 

One of the best ways of dealing with a false theory, is to take it literally.
So, at least one universe consistently acts as though it were the only one?.That sounds like a definite conclusion of many-worlds theory, despite all the naysayers in this thread with their 'differences in infinity'.
infinity minus one
Not all versions of string theory necessitate multiple universes.  
It would't be in only one, it would be in half of the infinite universes, because it is a yes or no question which will create two branches in the universe scheme of things.
YOU FUCKING  NIGGER THAT IS NOT HOW PHYSICS FUCKING WORK DUMBSHIT NIGGER
[deleted]
Get the fuck out
He's thinking of the multi verse therory
that face
OP sucks cocks in all the universes.
oh shit, thats from my thread!
see it as a big 5dimentional fractal drawing.
Does a set of all sets include itself?
if the universe is constantly expanding, what is it expanding into?
your mum

Into whatever plane it exists in, if any. .tl;dr we have no god damn clue

but what is nothingness :O
NOTHINGNESS!!
To what do numbers extend into? Think of the highest number you know of, then add one.
it's not expanding into anything. space itself is expanding, like a rubber band with a bit of sand on it, if you stretch it the sand particles get further apart.
Even saying space is expanding makes it sound like there's nothing on the other side of what it is expanding into 
The "black" part of space is everywhere.  Even outside the known universe.  What is expanding is not "the black stuff", but rather the stars and nebulae and other astronomical objects inside the black stuff.  So I suppose to answer your question, space is expanding into the black stuff.
If I'm correct in saying this (someone correct me if I'm not) the empty space the universe exists in is infinitely large. The amount of matter in the universe, though impossibly huge, is not infinite. When people say that space is expanding, it's not the 'space' we exist in per se, but rather the space we're spread out across. Everything takes up more area since it's all more spread apart, even though there's no new matter.
Sort of... the universe is all of space, so, the universe is not expanding into space, space itself is expanding, but since there is no space out side the universe, it isn't expanding . space...
Yes.
But when one stretches a rubber band irl it has something to stretch into.
Not if the rubber band is in space!.And in real life, the rubber band . space. So rubber band:space::space:nothingness.
Not really..For the idea of multiple universes, it just means there are as many universes as there are different combinations of... Stuff..Think of it like a monitor. Let's say we've got a really basic monitor. Like, a really crappy calculator. Maybe, a 96x12, 2 color display. There would be 12 lines of 96 pixels, so there'd be 1152 different pixels. The amount of different combinations is 2. (which is equal to about 6.117  10.For an old computer monitor (640x480 with 256 colors), the different combinations would be equal to 256...In all of these different combinations, however, there is not a combination where pixels don't exist. There is not a combination of pixels where other combinations of pixels are impossible. And the same is true for the arrangement of atoms..I don't know who OP is but he needs to get his faggy shit together.
But what about when they say the multiverse is like a radio?  We see this universe because we are "tuned" to the same frequency as the universe we see.  With a generic fm radio, you are limited to the frequency range of 88.1 mHZ to 108.1 mHZ, but if there were no limit to those - and I would assume the multiverse doesn't have those limits - you could have an infinite number of channels.  .That's not to say that there are no limits whatsoever.  According to physics, paradoxes can't exist.  So for the multiverse to exist, there cannot be a universe where it doesn't exist, making OP's post invalid.  There can be a universe where they . it doesn't exist, but it has to in order for the multiverse to be possible in the first place.

ba ba ba ba coli coli.Fuck the tumblr gif maker
What show is this from?

They keep making the characters look ridiculously pretty as time goes on.
Well that's hardly a realization, and is also not right.
Does a set containing all sets contain itself
I am pretty sure this is the question that was so confounding they had to make an exception for it in the definition of set theory..Actually, it was probably "Does a set containing all sets . contain itself", but you're pretty close.
The answer lies... Through the wormhole.
no, because at the time the question was posed, the definition of "all sets" did not include that particular set.
Yes, you are correct. That is Russell's paradox. The original comment is not a paradox, the answer is that yes, that set does contain itself. Sets can contain themselves without there being a paradox. 
maybe
No.

What the fuck are you rambling about?
string theory
I thought it was about dick sucking and highfives.
There are 50% more high fives than string theories.
Just like football in real life. 
String theory is a theory that affects universes. It isn't contained in a universe and so I wouldn't think there could be a universe where it wasn't true..Eh, what do I know?
I think this actually makes sense
Edit for qualifications:
I am currently in college studying accounting after taking a 4 years break for having been kicked out for poor grades

Infinite does not imply every possible possibility. 
But Shakespearean monkeys?
Then we need more infinity.
yes it does, we're talking about universes, not integers. everything that has ever happened and that can ever possibly happen and that could have ever possibly happened and could be happening happens if you have an infinite    amount of universes.
It doesn't matter what you're talking about. First of all there are different kinds of infinities, there isn't one size fits all. Secondly if you flip a coin, it's possible to get heads an infinite times in a row. There is nothing that says you HAVE to have tails in there. .It's not because the the theoretical possibility exists, that in an infinite set, it therefore must exist in reality. 
if you flip a coin an infinite amount of times, tails is guaranteed mathematically
Someone explained to me how this is false some time back but I can't remember the name of the principle..Basically it has to do with the chance of getting tails in a row an infinite amount of times is 0, but that doesn't mean it won't happen. .There are situations where a probability being 0 would mean that it won't happen (and thus heads would appear at least once), but this isn't one of them. 
True, but the multiverse theory states that it does in this case, but that's not why hes wrong. Infinite universe theory relates to the multiverse, and only things inside of a universe are affected by possibility. 
but why?
Multiple universes could be this universe infinite times
Yes, there are theories that there are multiple universes, but identical. Another variation on this is infinite identical universe where each universe is not concurrent, but offset in time. Therefore if you travelled to one universe to another, you would arrive at a different point in time. It might be the only way time travel in both ways is possible.
there was a development since you were here last: 
Because fuck you thats why.
Firstly because there's different infinities.  Secondly,say you keep flipping a coin, and it keeps landing on heads, as you keep going it'll get to an infinitely small chance of continually getting heads, but you never HAVE to get tails... That probably makes no sense or is just wrong.. Who knows..
So you're saying that if OP has an infinite amount of faggotry, the . OP can have even more faggotry, but it is still infinite? They need to fix this shit and give sets of infinity their own names. OP's faggotry will forever be infinite in different sets of infinity; we can't just let them assume it's the . set. Or are there infinite sets too? This is pissing me off
Shockingly, I think you're actually right... and there probably are infinite sets..
There . an infinitely small chance of flipping heads consecutively for an infinite amount of times but not "as you keep going"..The past doesn't affect the future so whilst you may have an extremely small chance of flipping 1,000,000 heads in a row, if you have already flipped 999,999 heads in a row you still have a 50% chance of flipping heads on the next flip..A lot of people misunderstand that and assume if you've flipped 999,999 heads the next one . has to be tails. Casinos utilise this misconception with roulette and display the previous numbers to try and influence the gamblers choice and tilt the advantage more to the house (even though the house already has the edge)
Except, didn't you just explain that past rolls do not affect your future rolls? So how does displaying the numbers tilt the advantage to the house? (Unless they, for example, don't show when roulette rolls 0)
Because they let past numbers influence their decision..They could see a 3 has come up twice in the past 5 spins and think '3 seems to be a lucky number - I'll keep putting some money on 3' or '3 has come up twice recently - there's no way it's coming up again any time soon'.Once you start putting bias in your mind then your giving the casino an edge because you're either incorrectly applying greater odds to a particular choice and therefore decreasing the odds for the rest of the table or vice versa..Another example would be if the display showed the last three spins were black. Some people could see that and say 'Well, the odds of 4 blacks in a row must be really small so I'll put it on red!'.I have only touched upon game theory in relation to roulette so I don't know how true this is. It's just my opinion based on my logic.
The psychology there makes sense, but if the roulette wheel is truly random, why does the casino care where people bet? Is it just to give them some false confidence and make them likelier to bet at all?
It's not just about where people bet. If you assume everyone in a casino is looking to maximise their profits then you can assume that the more odds they have of winning the more money they will put down - you're more likely to put all your money on red than on '0' right?.If we take the 4 blacks in a row situation again. Statistically the odds of 4 blacks coming up consecutively are 5.6%. If someone was aware of that, they may mistakenly think that because 3 blacks have come in the last 3 spins that they now have a 94.4% chance of the next colour being red. Obviously that's a huge percentage and if you have those odds you're going to bet big and loose more money following incorrect odds..That's an extreme example and don't think many people would follow those odds specifically but it's about putting that train of thought into peoples heads - 'this is more likely now so I'll bet bigger'
Even if you've just gotten 5,000,000 heads in a row, the next flip you make is still exactly a 50:50 chance. The previous flips don't affect the next one in any way, so yeah you're right..Except at that point, you should probably check and make sure your coin isn't rigged.
5millions heads would have likely worn the surface of the coin on one side, slightly affecting the centre of gravith for the coin, so evntually the probability will move awayfrom even split. But this is just semantics.
Actually, every time you flip a coin the probability is 50 50
it doesn't get an infinitely smaller chance of getting heads, it's always 50%..it has the same chance of getting heads 1,000,001 times as it does of getting heads 1,000,000 times and tails once, or 500,000 heads and 500,001 tails..edit: I realized after the fact that this isn't technically true, and I'm getting my permutations and combinations mixed up.
it's always 50%, so your chances are NOT the same in both situations. stats fail.
I don't really understand why. I understand that there are different ways to get 500,000 heads and 500,000 tails, and only one way to get 1,000,000 heads, but the chance of getting 1,000,000 heads is the same as getting 500,000 heads and 500,000 tails .. ie: tails heads tails heads tails heads all the way to a million.
Didn't realise that was your point. I'll take away my downvote 
well that's ok. It wasn't my point in the comment you replied to, but I figured out my mistake later on.
That is true if you mean in order - 1,000,001 heads in a row vs. 1,000,000 heads in a row and then tails. If you mean in any order, then the probability of 1,000,000 heads and a tail in any order is 1,000,001 times greater than that of 1,000,001 heads in a row.
yeah I got my permutations and combinations mixed up. I realized as much further down the thread.
I meant the likelihood that you'd toss 1 million heads, and no tails.  That would be really small wouldn't it?
It's only small before you start flipping. When you've already flipped 999,999 heads, the probability of the millionth head is 50%.
yes, it would be (1/2).however, the chance of tossing exactly 500,000 tails and 500,000 heads is also (1/2).edit: the only difference is that you subjectively attribute more significance to a toss of 1,000,000 heads than to an even toss up.
Math in a 4chan comment thread? What's going on with reddit today?
4chan was originally just a bunch of fucked up nerds having shitty arguments.
The internet was originally just a bunch of fucked up nerds having shitty arguments..Then we got bored of that and filled with pictures of titties and that.
Still is.
Damn, I'm not so great at math..
It's ok, I only figured that one out a few months ago myself. Most people (myself included, until recently) see it the way you do..Let's make the problem 2 flips instead of 1,000,000, for simplicities sake..there are four possible outcomes:.tails, tails.heads, tails.tails, heads.heads, heads..and they each have the same probability of happening (assuming the coin isn't weighted more to one side than the other)..therefore there is a 1/4 chance of getting heads, heads..there is, however, 2 chances to get a tails and a head, as you can either get tails, then heads or heads, then tails..so, back to the 1,000,000 problem. There is only a very small chance of getting all heads, just like there is only a very small chance of getting any specific sequence of heads/tails. however, there are only two outcomes where all of the coins turn up all one side, either all tails or all heads. There are millions upon millions of possible outcomes where there is a mix of heads and tails. You are astronomically more likely to get a mix than you are to get all of one kind..Because of this, most people think that getting all tails is somehow less likely than getting 50% tails and 50% heads.I learned something new myself while explaining this. It IS more likely that you are going to get 50% tails and 50% heads, because you could either get half a million tails then half a million heads, or you could get half a million heads then half a million tails, or you could get 2 tails and 2 heads and 2 more tails and 2 more heads until you reach a million, etc. It's just that each of those outcomes is each as unlikely as the other..And I have a feeling that there's always more different outcomes that are 50-50 than any other percentages. For example, I would guess that there are only half as many ways to get 75% heads 25% tails as there are ways to get 50 tails 50 heads. .So, in a way you were right all along!.TL;DR: you're not bad at math, I just have an unnatural enjoyment of it, and we were both sort of right.
Wow, that was remarkably enlightening.. Thanks.
The overall probability gets increasingly small, tending towards 0. Not the individual probability. Individual P(H) would still be 0.5, overall P(HnHnHnHnH) for 5 coin flips would equal 0.5. or 0.5. for your 1,000,000 example. I understand what you were trying to say, but it was badly worded.
Yes.  But no smaller than the chance of tossing 500,000 heads, and then 1 tail, and then 499,999 more heads... or any other completely defined pattern. .But like you said... the chance of "1 million heads, with 1 tail thrown in there somewhere" is in fact higher than 1 million heads, because that's a million different patterns that are acceptable instead of just one. 
The chance of 500,000 heads and 500,000 tails is ( (10. )! / (5*10. )! ) / (5*10. )! * (1/2). = .31831.Let me know if you want an explanation for the formula
I think I'll just take your word for it...
I would, if you have the time. Here's what I can guess from it:.well the (.5). is the number of different permutations..the first section I remember from precalc, or maybe it was algebra 2. I know x! means multiply x by every integer between x and 1. .so is it something like:.( (number of flips)! / (the amount of time outcome 1 happens)! / (1-(the amount of times outcome 1 happens)).I have no idea why this would get the right answer though. .I guess I could probably dig out an old math book or google it and save you the trouble, if you like.
First, I think the decimal value above is wrong. I think 1000000! spanked wolfram alpha..The whole equation is an instance of the binomial distribution, fyi..Lets look at a case with easier numbers. The probability of 5 heads and 5 tails in 10 coin flips is 10! / (10-5)! / 5! * (1/2). = .2460.The simplest part of the equation is the (1/2). which is the probability of any single precise outcome of ten flips of an unbiased coin. If the coin was biased, we would be using p(h). * p(t). which would be the probability of any outcome that contains 5 heads and 5 tails. You can see that when p(h) = p(t) = 1/2, this equation simplifies to (1/2).The rest of the equation is in order to count how many different ways there are to get exactly 5 out of 10 heads. This formula is useful enough to have its own name. (n! / (n-k)! / k! ) = (n choose k). The . is the number of ways to choose k items out of a sample of size n, where the order of choosing does not matter. In the example above n = 10 and k = 5. Here we are looking at all 10 coin flips and choosing 5 of them to be heads..Next let's break down the choose operation. Lets look at the n! / (n-k)!. In our example this is 10!/(10-5)! = 10!/5!. If you expand the factorials and simplify, you get 10!/5! = 10 * 9 * 8 * 7 * 6. For the general case it is n * (n-1) * (n-2) ... * (n - k + 1). This is all the ways of selecting 5 out of 10 items when order does matter..Lastly the k! in the formula is the number of permutations of k items. The first part of the choose formula was for a selection in which order mattered, dividing by k! corrects for that..Let me know if the explanation is detailed enough.
perfect! You really went above and beyond :) Thanks!
The likelihood of tossing 1 million heads in a row is small, however, each single toss is a 50% chance of heads, no matter the results beforehand
So 2. ..?.EDIT: It is actually 2^ (-1), or extrapolated 2^ (-1,000,000)
To expand a little bit further. The likelihood of tossing 1 million heads in a row is the same as it is for any other outcome of 1 million tosses.
Any specific order, yes
?
I'm asking if 2. would be the theoretical amount of outcomes if you flip a coin 1,000,000 times. I should have specified. 
2
2. is the probability
why is it . ?
the probability of success in each case is 0.5, or 2. . Raise that to the million to find the probability of the same event a million times.

No it's not. There are multiple ways of getting 500,000 tails and 500,000 heads (the first 500,000 flips don't even have to contain a single head...). There is only one way of getting 1 million heads..Edit: .Just for example, I'll demonstrate on a smaller scale. Say we flip a coin twice, there are four distinct possibilities all with the same probability. .HH = 0.25.
TH = 0.25.
HT = 0.25.
TT = 0.25   .However TH and HT are the same thing, just with a different order. The probability of getting heads and a tail is 0.5 (0.25+0.25). However the probability of HH is half that, as there is only one way to get HH.
Read further down the comment thread :) I figured out my mistake myself. I should have said 500,000 heads . 500,000 tails.
ITT: Permutations and combinations are different things.
ok Mr smarty pants. .feel like reminding me the difference and definition of NcR and NpR or whatever they were? I remember those are a part of it, just not how they work....or am I confusing math with national public radio?

Well, for example, the set of all integers (1,2,3, etc.) is infinite, but it does not contain rational numbers like 3/2.
another example would be: 10110111011110111110... (or formated 10 110 1110 11110 11110 etc)
Fun fact: Rationals are countably infinite as well, so the same as integers.
Isn't the set of rational numbers, even while infinite, still basically a subset?
really? You'd think there would be a ton more, especially since the set of numbers {1/(any integer)} would be the same size as the set of all integers, yet consist only of rational numbers between 1 and 0.
This partially why infinities were highly debated. Since they aren't actually numbers in the usual sense, we can't think of them the same way we traditionally think of numbers. We have to employ other techniques to gauge them. One such technique for comparing cardinality (sizes of sets) is to look for bijections (special maps between the sets). Via these maps, we can ultimately conclude that ., ., and . all have the same number of elements. The real numbers . actually do have more numbers, though, so they have a larger infinity associated with their size.
Still countable, though.
Consider an easier example--instead of comparing rationals to integers, compare even integers to integers..It can be proven that there are as many numbers in the set (0, 1, -1, 2, -2, 3, -3, 4, -4, ...) as there are in the set (0, 2, -2, 4, -4, ...). All you have to do is set up a one-to-one correspondence--or use the technical term, a "bijection"--between one set and the other. In this case, you pair x with 2x..So for every x in the integers, there is a 2x in the even integers. And for every y in the even integers, there is a y/2 in the integers. Those two properties, incidentally, are the "bi-" in "bijection"..The correspondence function is much more complicated for setting up a bijection between integers and rationals, of course, but it works the same way.
You would indeed, but.With that ordering you can set up the necessary bijection to the integers
yep thanks.
What's really going to fry your noodle is that some infinite sets are larger than others.
Don't mess with us, Cantor went to a psychiatric hospital for these kind of things.

Gosh! Thanks. Now I understand what all the Americans are talking about..Still doesn't make the infinity bigger, just makes another type of infinity.
Holy goddamn that is fantastic.  Infinity explained brilliantly and passionately.
It's bigger in the following sense:.Suppose I have a two infinities, a countable and uncountable one, e.g. integers vs all real numbers..I can take a countably infinite subset from the reals and map it number to number to the integers.  Most easily, I map every integer to itself.  Now I have no integers left in my integer set that don't have a companion in the real numbers.  Meanwhile, I still have uncoutably many real numbers left..In fact, I can remove countably infinite countably infinite sets from the reals and it STILL is uncountably infinite.  For instance, all multiples of 2, then all multiple of 3, then all multiples of every other prime to boot..In fact, I can take an interval of arbitrarily small positive length on the number line and it will have more numbers in it, by an uncountably vast margin, than a countably infinite collection of countable infinities.  Basically, that's the kind of sense in which "uncountable" is larger than countable.  Countable just can't ever touch uncountable.   It gets worse though - there are infinities that are as to uncountable as uncountable is to countable, and there are even infinities bigger than that... 
No, they aren't. Some just grow faster than others.
Yes, they are. The integers are countable but the real numbers are uncountable. That has nothing to do with growth.
Nope. For example, the rational numbers (fractions) are the same size as the integers because you can put them in one-to-one correspondence - such that every integer has a rational pair. The real numbers are larger than the rationals or the integers.
you just said, the rational numbers and the integers are both the same size because integers are a subset of rational numbers, but real numbers are not the same size because rational numbers and integers are a subset of real numbers..We are talking about infinity. Please show me one example where an infinite set is bigger than another infinite set.

Ok, so it is true that real numbers contain more types of numbers than rational numbers. I've never doubted that, that's what I mean when I say, they grow faster..It still doesn't make the set of all integers bigger than the set of all real numbers, since they are still both infinite.

Both are endless..Let's try to count all integers and all even numbers from 0 to infinity (and from 0 to -infinity of course), as an example..We say we already counted to 4. The set of integers now has the size 5 [0 1 2 3 4] while the set of even numbers only has the size 3 [0 2 4]. Still if we counted to the "end" both sets would contain an infinite number of numbers. This means the integers grow faster than the even numbers, even though the sets are equally large. .This is usually important when dealing with the limes of a fraction.
The integers are absolutely countable, there is a surjective map from the positive integers onto the integers.
In that sense the are countable..But they are not in the sense countable that you start counting and will be finished any point in the future.

infinity+1
nope that's still the same amount of infinity.now we're talking
* is still , though, right?.I see 2. becomes aleph-1 but I think lesser operations keep things the same size.I don't really understand that, but I at least know that N=N. when N is a countably infinite set. I should really look this stuff up.
lol omega

woah woah woah hold up how did you get that mouse over text on the link?

WHAT ABOUT INFINITY TIMES INFINITY?
jinx
Double jinx
Infinity. is bigger.. is a graphical representation of how one infinity is bigger than another, for anyone needing a visual. You can see e. is increasing at greater rate than x. .
Its from a fucking commercial man!
But what are you actually talking about? Infinity isn't a number, remember, and you can't really plot graphs with infinite cardinals.
I know and every time I see it I think to myself infinity. is bigger.
Woah....Pewww.
An infinite set does not necessarily contain everything whatsoever.
why does it not?  If something is infinite isn't that the very definition?  that it contains everything and goes on forever?
see my example.
Exactly.
THANK YOU!
The set of integers is infinite (goes on forever as you say) but that doesn't mean 0.5 is an integer.
Necessarily, no. Statistically, yes..Flip a coin 100 times. Each individual flip has a 50% chance of being heads, 50% chance of being tails. This does not mean that there is a 50% chance that all flips land on heads. In fact, something that is supposed to come up 50/50 has a 99.99966% chance of happening after 26 tries..The universe idea that is in question does not follow the rule that is being thrown around in this thread. People are talking about how a set of integers that is infinite does not contain certain numbers. Obviously this is correct. However, universes are not finite sets. They are infinite sets. We know this because the question regards infinite possibilities of universes. This is simply saying "Given infinite . of a universe..." There are actually two infinite sets at play here. First is the infinite possibilities of universes. There are infinite makeups of universes. The second is an infinite number of these possibilities. This simply boils down to encompassing everything and every possibility. You have every possible (and arguably every .) makeup of the universe, and infinite tries. So, statistically, it is guaranteed (though not able to be shown .) that such a universe exists. Kind of like saying "In an infinite set of integers, does X exist?" You can say with out a doubt yes, it does. But you can't predict where. There is no reference point. But X is guaranteed to be somewhere in that set.
Difference between countable and uncountable infinities..Hell, even in an uncountable infinity like all real numbers, things like the imaginary number i still aren't able to be reached.
Not all infinites are created equal
All infinities are infinite, but some are more infinite than others.
thats infinitist you shitlord.
INFINITE PRIVILEGE. 
INFINITIVILEGE.
Infiniti Village.coming soon to your smartphone appstore
eh
theres an infinite number of numbers between 1 and 2, none of them are 3.
All numbers greater than one is infinite, yet well never contain -1
I think I get it now.
I don't think you'll find a universe where OP isn't a fag
Scientists have searched far and wide.  Some say they still search to this day.
Set of all real numbers larger than 1 and lesser than 2 is infinite.
But this has a limitation, if we were to say a set of all numbers, we'd have absolute infinity again. Do we know of a limitation of the infinite universe theory? 
If it has a limit then it's not infinite 
yes, it can be. As stated above, a set of all real numbers larger than 1 and lesser than 2 is infinite. 1< and >2 are limitations
not really. think about it. if you were to go between 0 and 1, you would literally go through every single number that exists because it would be as if you were going 1,2,3,4,5,6,..for infinity - except, it is .00000000001,.0000000002,.00000000003,.00000000000004,.0000000000005,.0000000000006, you could go on forever.
What? No, you wouldn't go through every single number. You'll never get 3, nor will you get any irrational numbers (where the irrational part is not 0, obviously). 
Yes, I get that. It is infinite, I never denied that, but it still has limitations, we will, for example, never reach 3 or 4. So, infinity without limitations wouldn't be 2< >3, but every existing number.
Therefore, it is infinite.
Think of it like this. Just because there are infinite universes doesn't mean that all possible universes exist. They could very well all exist within a specific range of possibilities. Or perhaps, in the most limiting scenario, all of the infinite universes are exactly the same!
That feels like such a waste. Not saying your wrong, and not saying there is any element of "should" involved, but I would be disappointed if this was ever discovered to be true. 
I agree. On the other hand I also feel like if all possible realities exist... it also makes everything feel kinda meaningless. I know that isn't necessarily true it is just something stuck in my mind. Also you have to think about the universes full of eternal suffering. Yikes.

There are the same "amount" of real numbers between 0 and 1 and 0 and 2.
i dont think that is true.
Math doesn't care what you think.
We can create a function like f(x) = 2x and have x -> f(x) so [0,1] is mapped to [0,2]. Since we don't "skip" any numbers and we can easily prove that f(x) is a bijection (left to the reader ;)) which means each number in the domain is UNIQUELY mapped to a number in the range. No numbers are missed so there must be the same amount in each set.  
I mathgasmed all over my keyboard
welcome to basic set theory
I see, thanks for the write up.

1.1, 1.01, 1.001, 1.0001, 1.00001. Continuously forever. Shit is whack. 
fuck numbers
:o

Some infinities are larger than other infinities. 
That just means the infinites are better known and can expand faster in our heads, not necessarily that they're larger.
No, . different infinities share the same concept. There are infinite points between the numbers 1 and 2. You can keep dividing forever, same as how the number scale has infinite numbers. The concept . is the same..: Infinity isn't a constant, nor is it a tangible value, it is merely a concept. Even though for every natural number there are more real numbers, their scale is both never ending, hence, infinite. 
This isn't necessarily true, depending on how you define "size". For example, there are an infinite number of natural numbers (1, 2, 3, ...). There are also an infinite number of odd numbers, but since you can count through them (e.g. there is such a thing as a "next" and "previous" odd number), that means they line up 1:1 with the natural numbers and the two sets are the same size -- even though it seems like there should be half as many. So you're right there..HOWEVER, take another set like the real numbers (0, 0.1, 0.01, ...). The real numbers aren't countable -- there's no such thing as a "next" or "previous" real number, because in between EVERY two real numbers, there are an infinite amount more. They are infinitely more infinite than infinity. The size of the natural numbers is denoted "Aleph 0", whereas the size of the real numbers is "2.".
True but you can distinguish infinite sets: uncountable(R);countable(N)
Well yeah, technically they're all infinite, the only difference comes around when we start introducing human concepts like Variety into the mix.
thats just wrong. take the set of real numbers vs a set of all odd real numbers..you can match every real number to an odd number. Still the first set will contain every number of the second set, but not the other way around. .So the set off infinite all numbers is bigger then an infinite set of odd. numbers.
That may sound strange, but its really a thing.
This is actually also wrong. First of all there are no "even" or "odd" real numbers, but I assume you mean the natural numbers (1, 2, 3, ...). If you take the set of natural numbers and the set of odd numbers and put them side by side, every number in both sets will have a pair in the other set, all the way up to infinity (like you said). Of course, this means they must be the same size, since they line up in 1:1 correspondence! Both of these "infinities" represent the same cardinality, Aleph 0.
Odd "real numbers" = 2Z - 1.a odd real number must be an integer. 

Of course not. .The cardinality of the set of Real numbers is not the same as the cardinality of the set of Integers. They are not the same "size". .All infinities are not equal. A linear fonction and a quadratic fonction approach infinite, but the limit of their quotient is not infinite..Infinity isn't a "constant" and all infinities aren't equal.
but...but..what if you're counting the points between 1 and 3 instead of 1 and 2, surely they're 
Some infinites are longer than others. That's why he's saying it doesn't necessarily contain every possibility of a universe. 
Not true: ., the size of the set of real numbers is greater than the size of the set of natural numbers, although both are infinite.
Yes. You cannot map every integer onto every real number.
of all the different ,uncomprehensible, things regarding mathematics and theoretical physics, this simple statement fucks my brain most than anything else. 
It's just infinite regarding different aspects, the universe is not infinite in all ways.
that statement is actually bullshit. The "bigger" means if one type of infinity can be counted. Like 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 .... but the decimal infinity can't be counted like 0.0052581 0.2584564845484 because the decimals are infinite. Anyway hope that clears it up. But the statement that some infinities are "bigger" than others is total BS
It's not BS if you agree what it means

if one set has more members it's bigger right? so the statement ain't bulshit...
You fixed multiverse theory but broke my brain. 
The set that contains an infinite amount of 1's is infinite and yet clearly does not contain the number 2..The set of all odd numbers and all prime numbers are another example.
A series of all the multiples of 5 extending to infinity would be infinite, but not contain every integer.  
Which explains why infinity minus infinity does not necessarily equal 0. Infinity isn't a number, but a concept of an infinitesimal quantity.
So is infinity minus infinity... negative infinity, positive infinity, or all numbers?
It just isn't well defined. For example, the real numbers minus the integers is still an infinite set, but the interval [0,1] is infinite, as is (0,1), but [0,1]-(0,1)={0,1}.
The question doesn't mean anything, ultimately
Infinity can mean several things, while negative infinity pretty much means one thing. One meaning is an unbounded limit. This is the only meaning in which negative infinity is meaningful.
It's still infinity. It doesn't really have a numerical quantity. Or at least, that quantity is indeterminate.
is what you mean. "Infinitesimal" means infinitely 
Infinitesimal means small.
This.
's brain crashed in cali
crashed in florida
fuck.guess my brain crashed in nyc
What about infinity TIMES infinity!
Fuck those commercials.
That's 2
I think that would be a bigger infinity than the first two.
Not necessarily. The expression is effectively meaningless and would require us to come up with a way to define a "product" of infinities..For example, we could consider the Cartesian product of integers .x., where every element is written (a,b) for integers a and b. Since there are infinitely many choices for a and infinitely many choices for b, there are infinity*infinity elements here. However, we can find a bijection between the set of integers . and .x., so they have the same cardinality (size). In this case, it means that infinity = infinity*infinity.
no, that's aleph0. which is very different.that's assuming you're even talking about aleph0, all the other alephs are infinities too
I know, just fuckin around.
unless one of them was a negative infinity. Is that a thing?
True. Yes, there is negative infinity.
That will never equal 0 either. You want to know what's really confusing? .The Riemann Zeta Function. In the function you add an infinite number of positive numbers and somehow, you get a negative number for an input of 1/2..The sum of an infinite number of positive numbers equals a negative number. Enjoy never understanding math again..Edit: What the fuck? I started an intelligent discussion on .?
Holy fuck, that's awesome.
Ok guys, this isn't ..
That isn't the full definition of the Riemann Zeta Function. That is the Riemann Zeta Function where the real part of the complex number . is larger than 1..In the case you suggested, where the real part of .=1/2 < 1, there is a different definition of the function. I can't type it out on Reddit as it would look awful but look at . at the function defined in (1.1) on page 2. The lower half of the definition is for .(.)>0 , .(.) =/= 0.From this formula you can use .= 1/2 to work out the coefficient of the summation is negative (specifically -2.414)..Then if you look at the actual summation, you have the numerator is equal to (-1). . So that means:.You can easily see the denominator is always positive and 
Fuck you, this is awesome.
Similarly, if you add infinitely many terms of the form 2.,.1 + 2 + 4 + 8 + ... + 2. + 2. + ... = -1..The proof is easy enough too. Let S be the sum. .S = 1 + 2 + 4 + 8 + 16 + ....
S = 1 + 2(1 + 2 + 4 + 8 + ....
S = 1 + 2S.
-1 = S..Thanks, analytic continuation.
It's been a while since I did any serious maths, but surely S=infinity?.S=1+2(1+2(1+2... ad infinitum.S=infinity
It's a well-known result (the proof I listed is one of Euler's, maybe?); it's definitely -1. But certainly try it out for yourself. If we do another iteration,.S = 1 + 2(1 + 2(1 + 2 + ....
S = 1 + 2(1 + 2S).
S = 1 + 2 + 4S.
-3S = 3.
S = -1.And another still.S = 1 + 2(1 + 2(1 + 2(1 + 2 + ....
S = 1 + 2(1 + 2(1 + 2S)).
S = 1 + 2(1 + 2 + 4S).
S = 1 + 2 + 4 + 8S.
-7S = 7.
S = -1

That's incorrect. Infinity is a root of the equation S=1+2S. Sum n=0 to infinity n. series diverges to infinity. That's why the S=-1 root is rejected.
Sure, as a series of real numbers, it diverges, but that's not the whole story - we're dealing with the complex plane and analytic continuation (which is effectively the same phenomenon that allows Axoren's previous statement of the Riemann Zeta Function to behave the way it does).

1 + 1 = 2.I should know, I went to public school



[deleted]
Link?
/thread
How could that possibly have gone any differently? Did he even think??
He doesn't go out much.

Kick the baby
xDD
Please leave. 

First time I've read a 4chan post and believed all of it could happen. I mean I had no doubt. Then I realized this kid said he went outside and spoke in public. .At least make them believable, damn.
Clementine will remember that.
You also have to hand feed the baby to gain its trust
Before you stab it and steal its pacifier because you're black. 
It's helps if you hold your hand out first so it can get accustomed to your scent
Make sure you make a fist while doing that. You don't want it to bite any fingers.

Rubbing its face in it's own feces helps in potty training
TOP LEL
Nutsack chutney. How the fuck did I not hear of this one.
I should have know a rick astley devil would lick his own ass and then decide to post a shitty resolution repost
top lel
Hahahahahahahahahahaha
so happened
Needs more pixels

Repost, but I haven't seen it in a while so.. Still funny.
Nice timestamp fag
Fifth time I've seen this faggot.
[deleted]
Both.
repost
How the fuck is that a prank... Making your brother eat your jizz
I could never get over the term 'boner brew'.
This didn't happen.
send to 4chan history.
<3 time machines

C'mon you reposting faggot.
Some call Indiana Jones cause this is the artifact motherlode 

Nigga, I'm pretty sure this is a screen cap of a repost
Yeah I remember this post from a cupple of months ago
miracle whip is getting creative with its viral marketing

2edgy4me
problem? 
Never seen so many y'alls before in my life.
So, Zimmerman is a white guy being supported by racist white people?
HEY what does she mean with ... white folks...
She kinda looks like dorner
Lost it at Gucci mane. Omg my sides
BURRR BURRR!!!! 
Yall
OJ Simpson trial. NVR FRGT
Everyone knows black people don't go on 4chan.  This post is a 12 year old white kid trolling everyone, including OP, who is naturally a faggot.
This was one of the most obvious troll posts ever. I mean, a real nigger would never punctuate "ya'll" perfectly several times.
ya'll be triflin'
It would also have said yall crackas
yea, any true southerner knows yall isn't used with an apostrophe when used in casual conversation.  
If it was done right it would be "y'all" you edgy dolt.
niggers
Y'all, y'all. Y'all...y'all y'all, y'all. 
niggers
niggers?
niggers!

100% nigger
Wow, Tyesha Brown of Israel has impeccable grammar, spelling, and punctuation.
But she says "ya'll" a lot. Seems legit.
Tyesha Brown of Israel
Shalom
If that fucking fox isn't the best damn to imagine saying niggers, I don't know what is.
Holy shit, I laughed so loud that I think I woke my cousin's baby <=-O
Lmao xDDD 
I honestly hate the fact that Trayvon supporters seem to be calling a lot of white people racist for something a Latino man did. Sorry if this comes of as a little racist, but really?
It's likely satire, people take this shit way to seriously. 
I don't think the "Black Panthers" are satirical...
Oh I thought you meant OP or whoever wrote what was on the post, not people IRL. 
I think they're calling his supporters racist and implying that they're supporting him because they're Anti-Blacks.
He was only like a quarter latino or something like that. But still doesn't surprise me that people are trying to ignite a black VS white war. Fact is, he identifies as latino, so people need to STFU about him being white
It is going to happen at some point in the next 50 years, might as well be now vs later.
Isn't "Zimmerman" Jewish..?...
No, Zimmerman was the last name of a man in my AP World History text book about some Mexican Revolutionary or some shit. 
That was a German sending a telegram to Mexico. They would've gotten part of the US when Germany won WWI if they declared war. 
Well shit, should have looked at more thoroughly. I still got a 4 on the exam. 
He's half you clown
OK half, which actually furthers my point
When I worked at Taco Bell, we used to pull shit like this all the time. So fucking funny.
Why would you eat a burrito in a brand new BMW? wtf
ex-taco bell employee here (hey we all gotta earn money in high school SOMEHOW) - Red Sauce was one of those magic items that would ring up at $.00.So did green onions, and ice. 
I work at a chain restaurant, and these . people drive me absolutely bonkers. .I had a lady take ten minutes of my time explaining how it was pivotal that her burger be extra, extra, EXTRA well done. Even after explaining that our normal "well-done" has no pink at all. Bitch wants it crispy..Kitchen provides..Meal gets comped because it was "too well done for my tastes". I hate people. 

When will people learn that you . fuck with people who make your food?
why would you eat a burrito in your car? that just sounds like a disaster about to happen, with or without the extra sauce

Makes me almost wanna work at taco bell on the side just for lulz. 
THIS. Is win
DO NOT fuck with people that handle your food. 
"COME LOOK AT WHAT YOU DID TO MY CAR".If you don't want food spilled in your car, do not eat in your car.
Taco Lel
Typical BMW driving cunt.
you see, in real life this usually has consequences, stop playing GTA and spreading lies on the internet OP
You want extra extra extra extra extra extra extra extra extra extra extra sauce? Too bad you get my cum.
The car isn't really a big deal, BMW will replace everything for free if its really that new, I think their comprehensive plan still covers 4 years
We call it the "Careful what you wish for" policy at the one I work at
Well, would've been better if it was blood instead of sauce.
ITT: newfags worked in fast food, fucked with several people. 
Ah, bmw drivers. Always retards <3
Keep up the good work anon, cheers.
"Shit eating grin" god i fucking hate that saying. it has been posted so fucking much recently. It's the new "HURR DURR FOR SHITS N GIGGLES"
Would they really replace your interior for free for spilt sauce that they are in no way responsible for? Not calling you a liar, I would simply be very surprised if BMW (or any car brand except maybe Rolls Royce) would have such an extensive service. And for 4 years, no less.
They'd detail your leather seats and replace your floor mats, shampoo the interior carpet and call it a day.  Your car would be worse if they replaced the interior, a car with an altered interior will almost always rattle and start to suck, basically you'd want it cleaned rather than replaced anyways.
Yeah I thought cleaning would do the job just fine for the most part, but ragnar11a specifically mentioned replacing, which I was wondering about. A free cleaning for something they aren't responsible for is still a nice service IMO. Maybe that's normal for more expensive car brands, I obviously have no experience in that field.
BMW details my car every single time I take it to the dealership for free, as well as the service loaner also being free, I get these services even though I am the third owner of a 16 year old car..Judging that interior protection and restoration on my Subaru was a single time 500$ fee with 10$ deductible which covers any mishap really for 4 years I could imagine BMW throws this in for free.
Not at all surprised OP works at Taco Bell. I would guess the "working for minimum wage in a dead-end job" demographic makes up at least 50% of 4chan's users. The other 50% are guys that have no job and live in their mom's basement. 

Doing good works, son.
My coworker at Perkins was once accused of farting in someone's soup.
And that's why the OP will continue to work in fast food for the rest of his or her life. Life lesson missed.
They don't use packets in the back of any Taco Bell I've been to. They use squirt bottles. Nice try though OP.
OP never said packets. 'Ladles' and 'scoops' were used.
Translated ladies into packets I guess. I'll blame it on the sleep deprivation.
Packets full of ladies
You can't always get what you want, but sometime...
So basically she complained about getting bad service when she was there the last time - and you proved her right by giving her bad service lolwut?
Til never to order extra of anything at a fast food chain
Pretentious is the word you are looking for.
No... more like egotistic.
This was very satisfying to read.
i used to run a dollar movie theater when i was younger. one time an ENORMOUS fat woman that  came over and asked to use the restroom. i pointed out to her the nearest bathroom about 30 feet from me for her. it was also right next to her movie. slowwwly she walked to the restroom. 20 minutes later she came up to me and said rudely  " I MEANT YOUR HANDICAPPED BATHROOM, CANT YOU SEE IM HANDICAPPED??  I CANT FIT IN THE STALL!!" i almost busted out laughing picturing her in my head trying to squeeze in there..it gave me great pleasure to point out the handicapped stalls were alll the way at the other end of the theater. she stated she was going to file a complaint against me for discrimination. but looking at her im pretty sure she lost interest as soon as another plate of food was put in front of her.
Love it, you absolute legend!
Did anyone else read the "I am the manager" line in the guy from half baked's voice? From Dave Chappell's pop copy skit.
as a former shift manager at a Wendy's.... thank you, thank you very fucking much
My wife, who was a waitress for 10 years through high-school and college, sums it up pretty well when she says: never be a bitch to someone who is handling your food.
I would have said, " you should be more careful when you eat in your car".
Reminds me of the time a guy ordered "extra heavy on the mayo" so my co-worker built a sandwich with, no kidding, an inch of mayo.  When the guy showed up he was about 5 ft tall, skinny as a rail and at least 90 years old.  We assume he died while consuming the sandwich and this why we never heard from him.
I don't get what people don't understand about not being a fucking toolbag to people that serve you food and cut your hair... it isn't hard.
''look what you did to my car''
Guy at the drive through is a dick.
/thathappened
That was obviously fake and stupid at that...
top lel
Not a food post, but:
                              A few years ago I worked in the photolab of an Eckerd's. For all of you young whippersnappers out there that may be reading this, CVS pharmacy bought out Eckerd's and I don't think that there are many (if any) Eckerd's left in the U.S. Essentially, it's the same shit.
               One sunny Sunday afternoon in June, at about 5:55 pm (The photolab closes at 6), a woman and her husband come into the store with about 30 to 45 rolls of film(yes, before digital cameras), and wanted them processed in an hour. There are several things wrong with this request: 1.) There was no way to process thirty rolls of film in an hour; We could probably do it in two hours. 2.)It's 5 minutes before close. We stop taking one-hour processing orders thirty minutes before close. 
                                       I explain this to the woman, and then....the waterworks start. She starts bawling loudly (mostly crocodile tears), proclaiming that she and her husband "...flew all night from Spain, and then drove 3 hours from Houston (the store was in North Dallas. What, there's no place to get film processed ANYWHERE between Dallas and Houston?), to go to THIS Eckerd's, and why, oh why, can't this be done? Blah, Blah, Boo-fuckety-hoo.
                                                                                         At this point, the hubby decides to lay into me as if it's MY fault that they came to the photolab 5 minutes before close, and also it's somehow MY fault that his bratty wife is in hysterics. When he discovers that he couldn't get all of his film developed through attempted bullying, he decides to negotiate. "...how about 10 rolls?" "No sir, at this point the lab is closed. We can have your film ready for you tomorrow around 10a.m." What about 5 rolls?" "Again, sir, we are closed. Your film will be ready at 10 am." The wife, who is still in hysterics, demands to speak to the photolab manager. Then the store manager. Then demands my name. Then she demands the phone number of the District Manager, all while sobbing uncontrollably. The end result? Their film was ready at 10 am, and they didn't come to get it until 3 pm, and oddly enough, were very cordial. Fuck!
My daughter worked at the 99 cent movie theater in the poor part of town.  When people asked for extra butter on their popcorn she would fill the bag half full of butter and half popcorn.  She is a jerk. 

Kek
bur

What a fucking dick.
WTF is a burrito flour?
flour used to make burritos 

God damn you guys make my day.  Given me inspirations am shit. 
I work at Taco Bell and this is what I dream of doing to all the smart-ass, selfish customers. 
Why is a bitch driving a nice car getting the cheapest thing on the menu.
That's a dick move. OP was just being an ass. 
And the story ends with the BMW driver paying some other kid making minimum wage to clean up the mess and then goes on living her well-to-do life, while OP is stuck working at fast food..Hell, the only part of the story thats true is the dead-end-job part.
Chek ur privlige
Damn, thought you were calling for me OP
fake and gay
Worked at a Mediterranean place, you made the food right in front of the customers because it was so small.  Woman comes in, gets a salad.  Next day manager tells me she called to say she moved, it was the last meal she had there, and it was the worst salad she'd ever had.  Bitch, if you don't like the salad you had full creative control over while you were watching me make it, I can't really care about that.

My "Fast Food Drive-thru HERO!!" ROFL x 1,000!!!!!!!!
Now I want Taco Bell! Fuuuuuuck
Don't. Be. A. Dick. To. Your. Wait. Staff..This one little trick can magically remove the taste of urine from all your food!
This is the most AIDS-ridden comment I've seen today. 
Well I . a fag, what did you expect?!
"The customer is extra extra right."
My wife always orders a bean burrito with extra red sauce... she also drives a white BMW. A couple of months ago she came home super pissy because they screwed up her order; they used green sauce instead of red. She said the next time she went she was going to "make sure they got her order right". O_o
[deleted]
I don't think OP is a dick. In an effort to give her exactly what she wanted, he followed her instructions literally, as she instructed him.  Say what you mean and mean what you say, let your yays be yays and your nays be nays. The margin for error in interpreting intent vs following literal instruction is far greater. OP was right. 
Are you op because you sound like a faggot?
I would have given her the same thing, she asked for it. Of course I know that's not what she meant, but that's not really my concern. Plus, it'll make for a funny story in an otherwise boring day.
It's 4chan.  Of course OP is the dick..However, we are all dicks, and find amusement in anon sharing the story..I would have laughed at the bitch.

I know this is kind of un-related but the bmw reference in the beginning reminded me of it. 
I was sitting in a parking space in my car, eating my lunch with my dad the other day. A lady in a silver bmw i series pulls out of her spot and i see her in the rearview mirror. I feel a brisk shake and my dad says, "dont say anything, ill talk to her." my dad and i get out of the car and lady gets out of her's nostrals flared. I guessed she was one of those divorced ladies that tries to drain their ex's bank based on the bmw, ring scar on her finger, and behavior. I look at the back end of my bumper on the right side and see you small silver scratch, the kind that can be waxed off with no effort at all. She has an identical scratch on hers except blue because the paint swapped from My car.  "you hit me you little shit, im calling the cops." my dad looks at her with a straight face and smiles."fine,  call the cops." she storms into the starbucks nearby and the cop shows up. The cop said it was not as bad of an accident as she made out to be over the phone. He scolded the lady for exaggerating and told my dad that the lady said that he called her an idiot and was cussing at her. He said that if that happened, we shouldnt do it again. The officer  then proceeded to call another cop because he had a more important call. 
Female cop shows up and looks at the damage and sighs. She apologizes. She then tells us that there is no need to write an accident report because it was on private property in the parking lot. I did not get a ticket or citation and we were asked to swap insurance information. after the officer leaves the lady in the BMW comes over to me taps me on the shoulder and sarcastically says thank you. I told my dad and my dad explained how people sometimes do this for money.  Im 17 and my worst fear is that my car insurance will go up exponentially for something i did not even do. Few days later my dad got a call from the insurance company saying that the lady tried to replace her whole bumper. My dad proceeds to call her insurance and replace the trunk lid, bumper, rear rims, and rear windshield, all of which have minor scrapes from it being brushed across with branches. I'm not sure how he did it but I thought you guys would find this interesting even though it is kind of unrelated.
That read like a retard wrote it. Good job. 
Did it on my phone...sorry to have wasted your time?
What ended up happening?
My dad called her and worked it out. She apologized for acting so rudely and no one made a claim
why does everyone hate us bmw drivers some of us are actually decent human beings who let people in and use our turn signals 
Its not the fact that she had a bmw that made her a bitch. She just happened to be driving one. 
You rich fat cats are literally Hitler. Why would anyone like you?
Because they don't use proper punctuation. 
Im racist against commas 
Because fat douche twats buy them to be perceived to be like you. 
Only the SUV drivers I haven't met a good x5 or x3 driver ever 
Oh, I dunno...
   sup 
Ugh. That actually made me feel sick. What a bonehead. Hope he gets his fking license suspended
That was hilarious, thank you.
That's a pretty awesome video, thanks for sharing..Not hating exclusively on BMW drivers btw - I just happened to have witnessed a perfect example within the last 24 hours and couldn't help but post it.  Everyone sucks at driving.
dont ever come to California nobody can drive 
not all of us are rich 
Insurance rates went up 20pct the next year due to all the insurance fraud.
My dad called her a few days later and she seemed to be more calm. When he mentioned the bumper on her end she just said "eh its alright, i was having a bad day.".My insurance hasn't gone up as of four weeks since it happened
I work at Taco Bell, and we often enforce the same "careful what you wish for" policy when it comes to sassy customers ordering "Extra" of any ingredient. Let me clarify that the red sauce that goes on the bean burritos shoots out of the pump like a fucking geyser. Each burrito gets one pump (or in this case, ladle) of sauce, and even one extra serving turns the thing into soup. How this guy managed to wrap the burrito after putting that much sauce on it amazes me.
I tip my hat.
> mfw.> doesn't provide said face

<<am I doing this right?>>
<>I think I got it guys.><

Cus a motherfucker gets what he wants to eat, not what's the most expensive shit on the menu just because he's got money.
and you would know this how? 
:)
Cus I'm rich beetch.
I laughed way to hard at this comment. Wish I could give you gold but I lost me wallet and debit card.
I work at Jimmy John's and one time we had this lady order a delivery and ask for extra (x8) oil and vinegar; said we never put as much on as she liked. So the guy making the sandwich put 1/4 of a 12 oz. squeeze bottle on her sub, just trying to be an asshole like OP. She calls back about 10 minutes after she got her sandwich saying we finally did it right. 
I worked at Jimmy Johns for a few weeks. once while making a sandwich, I accidentally dropped one piece of bacon on the floor. the store manager told me that was coming out of my paycheck. I chuckled thinking it was a joke but low and behold, I get my paycheck and there is literally a - .50 for bacon line on my paystub. .Later that same week I asked for Mon Tue Wed off because I had a video to finish editing before my boss went to China, when the schedule comes out, He had scheduled me for MON,TUE, WED only. no weekend and no thu/fri... I told him I couldn't work those days and that I had told him that! he said "yeah ok...".Of course he waits until the following monday when I come in ready for work after I don't show for my previous scheduled work hours since I told him I couldn't make it, and he tells my he "needs someone who can work the shifts he gives them" and fires me.
The bacon part sounds ridiculous, but I think him asking you to work the weekend in exchange for three days off in a row is not that bad, though..Unless you work two jobs or something I don't think it's a ridiculous thing to ask of you. In fact, I don't even understand how people pull off getting a schedule where they have weekends off in the food industry. How many dicks did you suck to make that work is the real question?
He didnt ask me to work the weekend. I told him specifically BEFORE he made the next weeks schedule that I could NOT work mon, tue, wed, and I was avaliable for the weekend..He ONLY scheduled me for the 3 days I asked OFF..I had 3-4 jobs at the time actually. Video production, IT work late at night/early morning, and sign spinning on weekends if I wasn't busy with an other job.
That part about the bacon surcharge sounds highly illegal. It's probably too late but I'd report it to your state's labor board, that's royally fucked up. 
It was a few years ago and I considered making a fuss about it but I really didn't care.
Hated that job and the manager was a huge asshole and did everything by the book.. ok buddy you work in fucking FAST FOOD get a grip.

haha best youtube comment. "If I was a lifeguard there's no way I'd let that shit slide" -SuperTrippelA
This reminded me of the time someone called the cops because the deli worker put  too many pickles in his sandwich
you forgot the pickles!
Did the cops show up? What happened? 
The story is funnier that what I remember
That is funny. You have to wonder what about extra pickles that person found so upsetting. Soggy bread? 
So many pickles it's criminal.
that criminal is in a pickle.
Sauce physicist here. OP is a faggot.
I say again, you CANNOT PUT 11 Ladles of red sauce into a single bean burrito
I worked at Taco Bell so I know from experience. 
The Taco Bell I wort at uses pumps to apply the red sauce. Makes things a hell of a lot messier
I worked there like 15 years ago
Anything more than a half pump and your burrito is soup and can't be wrapped cleanly.
.
Bro
not bad story, told in a really stupid way.
This is the hardest I've laughed at pure cancer
dear lord that green text gave me cancer


I did something similar when I worked at Dominos Pizza, these people sent their pizza back bitching that it did not have enough extra sauce even though we put 3 x times the usual amount.  So I took a xl large pizza dough and formed a dough pool with high walls on a medium pizza pan and filled it with 2" of sauce,  gently covered it with the cheese and toppings and sent it out to them after carefully baking and boxing.  Never heard anything back on that one...
So you gave them a deep dish pizza? Those are delicious.
BRB, patenting the "Sauce-Bowl Deep Dish" pizza.
That sounds like my heaven.. :( I love sauce. If I got a pizza like that I'd probably order it again but with extra cheese and a pizza garlic bread to dip in it.
Chances are they drowned in it.
I had a friend once who worked at a dairy queen. Some bitch came through and asked for some blizzard with extra extra extra extra extra extra (etc...) toppings. My friend charged her extra for every time she said extra and then gave her a blizzard with a little bit of ice cream and a bunch of chocolate toppings. The people drove back around and tried to throw it through the window at her.
Did they make it through the window?
he messed up, since she was being charged each time, you shouldn't have reduced the amount of icecream..instead they shouldve made the blizzard so tall with toppings it would tip over the minute she tried to eat it.
Well this happened like five years ago and now my friend lives half way across the continent.
Yes
Did they not question why their blizzard cost $12 at the window???
Sounds like a woman who's used to double digit fast food orders.
It is quite amazing what type of shit people pay for at a drive through. My standard order is a burger costing $1.29, one costing $0.99, and a drink costing $0.99 which comes out to $3.56, give or take a few pennies, every time. People think the more expensive stuff is better than the cheap stuff, but in my opinion, it tastes just the same, and it comes out just as bad if you know what i mean. 
My default order is two value menu double cheeseburgers at 99 cents each and a water. Can't get much cheaper than that and still be full.
But that sweet tea man. I gotta have the diabetes.

euphoric 
You enjoy the classic sophistication of fedoras as well? Come join us over at ., 'tis a fun time!
I saw it and I clicked it and I thought, "Oh, god, no.." then I saw it and everything was okay in the world again. 

My thanks, m'lady
Might as well join ..
Dominos here: guy orders $45 order delivered including a few chicken mango habenero sandwiches with extra habenero sauce. Calls back bitching they didn't get extra sauce. Explain to him we put double the sauce on the sandwich. He says he wanted the dipping cups. We apologize and say he should have clarified it was an honest mistake. All he said was the sandwich with extra sauce which always gets the sauce ON the sandwich. .Wife calls back 10 min later screaming and cursing demanding their money back. We explain again to her we GAVE you extra sauce on the sandwich you did not clarify you wanted it on the side. Doesn't matter to her she still screams like a 5 year old child (which was weird because this family was a nice middle class family that orders plenty of times before). Generally in a case like this we would offer to send out new food but nopw they wanted a $45 refund because we didn't read their mind and put the sauce on the side instead of in the sandwich. Gets refund,  then she files a complaint with corporate tries to get double refunds claiming she didn't get what she paid for. .Usually people like this are just full of shit trying to take advantage of us but I could tell this woman literally felt entitled to over a hundred dollars worth of food because of an honest mistake that frankly was more their fault. .She couldn't just be a reasonable human being.  No justice here, just another case of undeserving people taking Domino's for saps.
Used to work at a grocery store, had a couple customers that knew if you complained enough, you either walk out with a refund or a $20 gift card. Doesn't matter if the customer cussed you out in front of your coworkers and other customers, meanwhile standing there taking it and smiling like the good employee that you are because you want to keep your $8.10/hour job, they still got free shit.
This is why all orders should be recorded. E-mail them the recording and ask if they were clear enough.
One woman who got free food three times every time she asked for hand tossed then called said she wanted pan. So the forth time I kept clarifying " hand tossed correct?  Or pan? Ok so you want hand tossed not pan is this correct? " 
YUP! Motherfuckers that ordered 'EVERYTHING GAWWD DAMMIT' pizzas and then complained about the jalapenos and it being undercooked, swimming in water. (no matter how you top it or how many times you run it thru, it ends up slop).Or the people when I show up to deliver, 'Well I ordered this that, that and this'. Sir, I have 4 out of 4 items on my tag, you can call the store, I am not giving you a discount for what I know you didn't order. .The best was some bitch who's husband was a cop 3 towns over that thought she should give us a lesson in driving and screamed at the whole store. We called the cops on her, her 70 year old gramms had to drag her outta there..A general and tactful life rule: Never fuck with people that bring you food on their dime.
honestly it never would have crossed my mind that they wanted it ON their sandwich. i would assume they wanted a dipping cup.
Never would have thought people would do this at a grocery store. My friends that have worked at grocery stores usually would talk about how people would try to use EBTs on red Bull, chips and other junk food but never any real food. 
Well what people do most of the time is they'll buy something like meat or fish that's marked down bc of it's expiration date, then come back in 2 or 3 days later, and get a FULL refund. They flipped a fucking half pound of ground beef for like $4 total in profit. There's one lady at my old store that was flat out banned from shopping there she did that so much lol.
haha the only time ive ever returned something at a grocery store was kim chi, because it was expired/passed the sale date. typically kim chi is good for a long time anyways, but it does start to go sour and not taste as good. and it was MONTHS passed the sale date .but then again i don't live in a large metro area at all so kim chi probably doesn't fly off the shelves here. 
I've been working customer service for a dozen years.  This type of shit is normal in all customer service jobs.   As I've worked my way from low end retail to customer service for a company that offers luxury services to upper middle class and wealthy I've found the more money someone has, the more they expect to get things for free if they scream loud enough.   Poor people are cool about mistakes, and are happy just getting the mistake fixed.   Wealthy people want the mistake fixed, all their money refunded, and to be paid for the time it took them to scream at you. 
But the problem is the poor people always lie to get free food. The wealthy people feel entitled when you make a mistake but never out right lie to get free food. Like "my pizza is still frozen" ( had this complaint a few months ago) when none of our ingredients are ever frozen. Still got free food out of it. And these customers do this over and over lie after lie. But since it's a corporate franchise they just bend over every time. 
But the sauce goes on the sandwich, it would be like asking for extra mayo at subway and freaking out when they don't give you mayo packets when you didn't say mayo packets. 
but you guys do have habanero dipping sauce in a little portable container too, right? or am i thinking of a different pizza place?
We do for wings. I told the person who took the order to always ask just in case. But when im at subway and I ask fur extra mayo they squeeze extra onto the sandwich. They never ask if I mean mayo packets because the mayo is poor on the sandwich normally. You clarify if you want packets. The sandwich this person orders gets it ON the sandwich and he just said the sandwich with extra sauce..So for this lady to blow up and literally scream is outrageous. The guy was just gonna use the dip cup for his sandwich anyways and he got exactly what he ordered, extra hab sauce. How a sane person can scream over getting it ON it instead of on the side when they did not say on the side is beyond me. 
ah ive never had a dominos sandwich, for some reason i always assumed they just gave you the sauce to dip it in.
chicken marinara was awesome when I had it last. 
They use to have dip cups for the Italian and philly but we don't sell those sauces any more. But ya the "sweet and spicey chicken habenero" gets it on the sandwich. So does the chicken bacon ranch sandwich. 
[deleted]
You realize most dominos are franchise right? You're not "taking advantage" of any corporation, you're just being a complete dick to someone who most likely only owns a single store. So you are 100% dickhead.
Ya except every time you take advantage of them you make a delivery driver waste 20-30 min of his or her time delivering you free food. 99% of free orders also don't get a tip either. You ate literally making that driver lose money by taking a real delivery away. .Unless you still tip. But again almost every time I have to deliver a free order I don't get a tip because they feel entitled to it being 100% free and a lot of times it's just dishonest people trying to take advantage. 
I ordered from Papa Johns on the 4th of July and paid online, including the tip for the driver. The quote I got was for 30-40 minutes. I call in an hour and 10 minutes later to see if the order had left the shop yet (I had a quick errand I needed to run) The guy told me that it hadn't and offered to comp my order. .I wasn't angry or demanding free food (I work at a pizza shop, I understand that shit happens sometimes when you get busy) but I'm not gonna say no to saving some money so I agree..I go run my errand and the food shows up 20 minutes later, nice and hot. Get to the next day and realize that since I included the tip on the same charge that they had comped, the driver didn't get his tip. feel a little guilty about that.
I always tip for things that get resent out because not only do I feel bad that the driver would actually have to pay to deliver me that food, but because I like to build good rapport with the employees there so that later, when someone screws something up, they are much more likely to help me out above and beyond without having to put up any fight. There's been a few times that I messed up the order and they sent out new food at no charge without me even asking for it to be free, and they never even ask for the wrong food back anymore either.
Ya if we take that long and said 30-40 we'll comp them. But more often than not when people complain about taking so long we told them it was going to take that long. Then they claim its been over an hour but our computer keeps track so we know exactly how long it's been. .Just a few days ago we had a huge post fire works rush and we told a girl 45 to an hour and when I'm taking calls the phones and ringing off the hook so I ask someone who was about to walk out on the delivery to answer it. It was the same girl sayimg they have been waiting over an hour and his response was "well it says on the computer here you ordered at 11:42 and it's 12:29 only,  I would be on my way had I not had to walk back here to answer your call" my jaw just dropped because even tho he was correct that it hadn't been as long add we quoted it is a real dick thing to say especially because he said it with a pissed off attitude. But he is the owners son and wasn't even suppose to be there (said that on dante's voice in my head haha) so he didnt give two shits that he was an asshole. 
Haha, there are times I would love to say something like that to a customer, but unfortunately I'm only allowed to unleash on the ones that start swearing at me..I had someone call tonight to say that they had been waiting an hour and a half for their delivery, according to the computer, it had been about 9 minutes. at first I thought it was someones idea of a joke. He was serious. When I told him this he said that I was lying to him and that if I couldn't have it there in 5 minutes to just cancel it..I had to cancel his order, which was quite large, 12 subs, 5 large pizzas, 40 wings and a few lasagna dinners. we had everything in the oven. I was only able to sell about half of that throughout the rest of the night. .There is about $60 worth of bad food sitting in the walk-in. My boss is gonna be pissed with me tomorrow.
sounds like a prank order to me. depending on what time of day it was and where it was going we would do a call back and try to verify the order. but honestly there is only so much you can do when a prank order comes in. if they want to pay cash we can't say no we don't trust you, at least for a corporate franchise. .one of the most ridiculous call backs i had, we told the guy it would be 30-40 min, so not that long. he calls back 15 min later asking if it left yet, i tell him its only been 15 minutes i told you 30-40, it'll be leaving shortly. he calls back 10 min later asking AGAIN. i tell him you JUST called 10 min ago, its on its way now. then he calls back a THIRD god damn time just 5 or so minutes later after the driver was already on her way saying he stubbed his toe and has to go to the ER (seriously, he stubbed his toe apparently) so he needed the delivery to the hospital. call the driver up tell her thats what he claims. sure enough he was at the ER waiting room. was so bizarre. 
[deleted]
It's not to say we never fuck up either and in these cases we are happy to make things right. If I mess something up I will always own up to it. Such as forgetting their soda which is the most common mistake. I'll usually credit them too and will often throw in free  breadsticks too to try and exceed their expectations. 
I wasn't even a delivery driver at my last job and I volunteered to drive shit out whenever I made a mistake on an order. I don't want my delivery drivers wasting time on that. Especially when they're usually taking 3-4 paying orders at a time.
You are better than our managers. They've sent us back out for OTHER DRIVERS forgetting one icing cup; they didn't even let them take other deliveries with them, just one cup of sauce or 20 oz bottle to a pissed customer who already tipped the first driver. Horribly depressing. 
That's ridiculous right there. Our responsibility was getting deliveries there in 15 minutes essentially. Sometimes we'd have it out the door before they even finished paying..At the same time we'd usually have 4-5 drivers during the day and 2 at night..You should work at a medical marijuana dispensary if you can. My girlfriend pulls in over a 100 in tips a shift usually. Plus $9/hr
I wish, but I'm stuck in Ohio right now. People here are too ignorant to appreciate legal marijuana..Our store sounds completely backwards. We have 1 or two drivers during the day and millions at night so we don't get enough runs and shit still doesn't get out the door on time. I shouldn't complain, but I really miss the days of having a couple drivers and pulling 90-dollar 5-hour shifts. 
Dude I worked front counter at a Wendy's every time an order was messed up I was asked "How hard is your fucking job" when I had literally nothing to do with the preparation of their food. Then they would threaten to get me fired, people are as holes when it comes to food.
hah coincidently the one time i did get mad it was at a wendy's. its not like i didnt give the girl a chance, but back when wendy's started that $5 combo promotion (the commercial showed a guy eating a tiny meal with a cheese burger the size of a quarter and a fries the size of a thimble, then he whispers $5 while pointing at it, then the guy he is talking to points at his wendy's combo and says $5 also. thought it was a clever promotion so OFF TO WENDY'S I WENT as an easily pursuaded american)..i was in the drive thru and asked for the burger combo, forgot what it exactly was called (this was 6 years ago). i see on the screen she rings up some big deluxe bacon w/e burger so i say "uh it says you rang up blabla burger, that's not the $5 double cheese burger (or w/e) combo is it? so she tries to fix it... watch her change it a few times and i can see it still wasnt correct so i think maybe the screen is just inaccurate and i say, ok well this is a COMBO with fries right? she assures me multiple times yes its a combo but all i see is some burger and a drink. i was with friends we all ordered the same thing, so we drive up pay, pull over and look in the bag... 3 burgers... no fries. .so i went in and complained, i didnt scream or anything tho, but i was irritated. i assumed she was just new, she did not seem very confident and she also gave us a pissed off look when we paid. but the way i see it, if you are having trouble ringing something up, ask a supervisor for help. we gave her 3-4 tries while we waited patiently in the drive thru for her to ring up what we were asking for. .anyways... thats my story about the one time I did complain at a fast food restaurant haha. 
God dammit McDuble, I read that whole damn thing hoping for justice.
But they know where she lives. Let's hope this story isn't over.
Sorry, O-Face. This is the real world where people are shit.
There's no justice in cases like this. If they regularly buy $50 worth of food at a time, you can just let shit slide from time to time. No point in losing a big customer because you wouldn't do a small refund.
Used to work at an Indian restaurant and this dude always complained that our curry wasn't spicy enough. He came in and sent a dish back with the same predictable complaint. The cook basically pureed a dozen of their hottest peppers, threw in a dash of spice, and served that as the replacement. .Dude slowly ate every bit of it, obviously in agony the entire time, and never came in again.
My dad went to a Thai restaurant and told the waiter he wanted it "Hot", the waiter raised an eyebrow and asked "Hot?", so my dad answered "Yea hot."  When the food came we could see the kitchen staff looking us though those little round windows they have in those swinging doors.  My dad's face is beet red and he can barely speak after a bite or two.  The waiter comes back to check up on us.  "Its perfect.  It hurts, but it is so good." my dad croaks.  I think everyone got a good laugh out of that in the kitchen.
Could you clarify, at one point did you make it spicy before going nuclear on him? As a man who likes spicy food (but never complains because of stories like this), feel bad if the guy if he just wanted a curry that had a spicy kick. 
Yeah, there's a Thai place in my parents' town that serves great food, but it's just . spicy enough.  I always ask when I go in for them to make it extra hot, and it always just comes out mild/medium at best.  I've never complained though, I always just assumed that they deal with assholes that can't handle the level of heat they ask for.
I ordered Angry Chicken from a Thai place once. Man was it angry. I managed to get about half down... sweat rolling down my face, face red, tears..Too angry for me.
Yes, the curry was always quite spicy. I've eaten at dozens of Indian restaurants, and that place remains among the spiciest I have ever tried. The cook was very good. Dude was just an ass.
Ok, that makes me feel a lot better. 
I can't handle spicy food and my girlfriend is a waitress at an Indian restaurant. I've had many dishes given to me whenever I go by, and most were too spicy for me but not unbearably so. I just make a point of requesting stupid-mild.
What a dipshit. At what point do people change their minds from being a man and eating the hottest shit ever and crying in a corner because they cannot stand the mace juice they put into their chili?
My girlfriend works at an Indian place. She's racist with the orders. Haha. If you're white, you get a degree lower than you ask for. If you're Mexican or Indian you get what you ask for. No one ever complains that it isn't spicy enough..Also, whenever someone orders "extra extra extra spicy" she just asks "Do you want to cry when you eat it?" and if they say "No" she says "Okay, I'll get you the extra extra spicy." (Regular old spicy. Legit extra spicy peeled a layer of skin off of her mouth)
I sometimes do deliveries at an Indian place but they go through so many cooks it's unpredictable on whether or not your order will be hot as fuck or very mild so I just get a chippy instead when I'm finished 
I'm a caucasian south american, what would I get?
It's not racist to adjust the spiciness according to race. I trust the Thai restaurant that I to go to make me a nice mild curry. They know I'm a weak white bitch. Now, I don't eat at Indian places because I am a racist.
Seems like every time I go to an Indian place and ask for "hot" I get something that's not even as hot as a jalapeno. I ask for 5, I get 1.
Are you white?
Yeah, I ask for 4 or 5 and I always feel like it could be so much hotter. It's really frustrating. There's only been one time in my life when I had something so hot that it was unbearable to eat (and my and my dad made a pact to eat it all with nothing to drink for at least 30 minutes). .Don't EVER wipe your eye after an occasion like this. EVER.
Honestly? It depends. What would you order?
something with noodles and chicken. Spicyness? 2/5
Tell them if you don't curse their family by the time you're done eating then it isn't hot enough.
No noodles but you could get some chicken tikka masala. Mild is 2/10, Medium is 5/10, Spicy 8/10, Extra Spicy 10/10..Would come with some lentils and beans (SO GOOD), rice, and some naan bread.

HAH! I have a friend who had a theory that people did this too him (he is white). Whenever we go out to eat he asks for extra spice because he thought they were giving him the non spicy stuff because he was white.
Top, lel, Anon. TOP, LEL.
Quite.
Indeed.
ya
[deleted]
get on my lelvel
2lel4me
3lel5me
Skellingtons. Skellingtons everywhere.
Faggots everywhere.
Poor lady just had a stutter. 
Now I feel bad.
oh shit.
No manager in their right mind would be cool with that. Sorry anon, you're fired.
Nigger, shut the fuck up
I was thinking that manager was a shockingly reasonable bro.
Nah dude, most managers at fast food places are just other greasy high-schoolers that have been working there slightly longer..Source: I was and knew a lot of these guys
No manager would leave and go look at her car.
nah dude, it's totally cool because this never actually happened.  
You've never worked in food service or retail, have you?
Yeah actually, I guess I just didn't work at shitholes 
I'm a manager at a Taco Bell and I would. If he did press the button she agreed to it. We have to ask "does your screen look correct?" Every time. She asked for it, she got it. Shouldn't have been a cunt. 
Taco Bell near me doesn't have a screen, just has a speaker with a garbage bag over it with a paper sign that says "speak loudly". Of course they also don't have sparkling limeades or freezes and "hope to have those by this fall". 
I haven't been to a Taco Bell with a screen in almost ten years. They've just got speakers. 
You must live in the hinterlands..
Or Bumfuck, Egypt..
Or the north 40..
Or the Paloose.
Western Washington state. 
Well my Taco Bell doesn't and I'm in the Midwest. Mine just got a 100% on our CORE which is basically a standardized test for taco bells. We're only the 4th in the nation to get that this year. I've never been to a Taco Bell that didn't have a screen and as far as I knew it was against CORE to not have it lol 
Step out the ghetto, 'saur.
Taco Bell addict here. Can confirm that they always ask if the screen looks correct.
Okay, if she literally agreed to a screen with extraX10 then she is, in fact, a dumb cunt.
For that she must drown in the sauce she holds so sacred.

This is some willy wonka shit but with stuck up cunts and fast food.
So the blueberry bitch?
First scene in Carrie, Moss!
Oh .... nooo ... no no no .. no no
You have clearly never worked in a fast food franchise. Most managers won't give two flying fucks about these kinds of people
that explains why my 10pc krystal wing only had 9 FUCKING WINGS IN IT LAST NIGHT
I once had a manager at a McDonalds jump my ass for taking "too many" napkins..I just spent $40 getting food for 6 people and picked up about an inch worth of napkins (probably about 10-12). She demanded I put some back saying they cost the store money. I just apologized, handed her them all, walked around the corner to the soda fountains, and tossed the entire stack of napkins in my bags (prob about 6-8 inches).

That's not true at all. Unless you worked in some shit hole fast food franchise.
Whoa dude. There's something about those McDonald's managers.... They just aren't like other folks
People that drive BMWs?
again why the fuck does everyone seem to hate us some of us are actually decent people 
Yup, I worked at Taco Bell for 6 months. .Our night manager was cool as hell, brought my bong in to the dining area once and blazed out. Dude was cool with smoking cigs inside too, he did not give a fuck..I kinda miss that job.
Allowed to get stoned inside a taco bell. That is kinda like a dream come true.
It was the highlight of working there..Well free food and making my own concoctions was pretty awesome. I gained ten pounds working there.
It's not like they're going to buy some special thousand-dollar taco.
only because no one has offered to sell them one yet
If they were willing to pay that extra money, they'd go to Taco John's.
I disagree.  Unless you work at a real shithole..99% of fast food places are like this:.Source: I worked at a fast food most of my life.
It was Tacobell....(no pun intended) 
Confirmed for never meeting a GOOD owner-operator
[deleted]
Employee X. Get over here and fight this nest of rats. I need them gone before the lunch rush. Here. Take the pizza cutter.
Italian rats!?
Tutorial: 
tacobell/kfc are some of the most disgusting places on earth.  I would not be surprised to know what kind of terrible things go on there.  Go to something like even mcdicks, and managers might care more.
Ive wworked fast food too. I don't think anyone would care. You should see what eextra mayonnaise has done to a sandwich
The best is when it's closing time.  Extra = regular.  Regular = light. light = nothing..The customers don't even notice lmao.
That's usually how a GM or Owner would see it. However, a "Manager on Duty" is less likely to think that way.
ehh, I'd probably disagree with that too.  GM/owner might be the one who yells at you for not having your pickles perfectly side by side on a sandwich, but all managers will yell at you for something that could earn the company less money or get that manager in trouble for being on duty while said event happened.
Different experiences I suppose. Many of the MODs I am thinking of had dick management and were pretty indifferent about their job with a few exceptions.
All of the managers I had when working fast food were just jumped up employees, stay around for 10 months and you could find yourself as one. They were just like the rest of us except they had keys. 
Money>customers>rats>shit>cancer>employees.
FTFY
Nope.  Not unless they've been royally fucking up for a while.  If this is an isolated incident, they're just going to say "hey, dumbass, don't do that anymore."  It's easier than training a new guy.
Worked at Taco Bell, and someone came to the front counter with a similar request for extra onions.  The guy working the line took a huge ass handful of onions and put them on the burrito, almost emptied out his can.  They didn't come back to complain, so I guess that's how many onions they wanted. 
I worked at a Subway at one time. Had a dickhead customer ask for "tons of olive oil". I took the cap off and poured 1/4 of the bottle into his 6" sandwich. I wrapped it twice and by the time I handed it to him the paper was soaked in oil. He didn't come back, but he did look disgusted. 
Surely shrek will have his way with the customer. 
This is a bit off topic but I eat taco bell quite a lot and I must know. Does the chicken sit around for hours at a time? I always get chicken instead of beef there. Sometimes it's kind of tough but I'm too hungry to care.
I think it's really going to depend on the store you go to.  I was really picky about food when I cooked.  Made sure that food was rotated out after it reached its time limit.  A good person on back should be able to time food so that it goes from the boiler to the line.  There is a heating cabinet that cooked food goes into if the line isn't ready for it.  As with any fast food, the stuff being ordered the most is going to be fresher and typically that means beef, red sauce, beans.  Chicken was served in a 1/4 pan back when I worked there which meant not many people ordered it.  If you have an asshole manager he won't let you toss expired chicken, otherwise it should still be rotated as to be fresh.  A good way to tell is if the chicken is hard and brown-ish, it's been there longer than it should.  Good chicken is tender and white.
Why I like Subway. Lots and Lots of onions../nods./nods./nods.:).Same thing with Chipotle and sour cream. Most locations... never took me serious. New store, say lots and lots. Guy added probably 8 ounces of s.c. Watching him, I was almost in disgust by the hedonism but upon eating I was in heaven. S.c. from Chipotle is some of the most natural btw.
"FINALLY! Someone gets it right! Jeez!"
[deleted]
As soon as I see a family of Indians walk into Taco Bell, I immediately start stirring up my beans and checking to make sure we have back up.
Dot or feather? 
Dot, although most of them are very polite an always remember to clean up after themselves unlike the other parents who let their kids trash the place
...if I want something extra, what should I say? It seems like Taco Bell employees are dicks about that . . .
There's a difference between "with some extra sauce please" and "I WANT EXTRA SAUCE LAST TIME I DIDN'T GET IT EVEN THOUGH I ASKED EXTRA EXTRA EXTRA EXTRA EXTRA EXTRA EXTRA EXTRA EXTRA EXTRA"
Worked at Taco Bell as well a while back. The same lady every day would ask for extra sauce on her pintos and cheese and literally ask "extra extra extra extra extra extra" of it to the extent where we knew the number of times by heart..She never complained about her order, but holy shit did she make her food twice as more disgusting.
We want more! We want more! Like, if you really like something, you want more.
That little girl summed up the human experience so damn well.
How many y'all worked at fucking taco bell?
I'm surprised by the number, too. .But then again, I never thought my first job would be in fast food until I started working there.
Everyone. 
This is reddit.... Taco Bell fits with the neckbeard stereotype
Better question is how many of us don't work at Taco Bell. 
About as many as would use the phrase "twice as more disgusting"
There are so many ways to have said it right, too. It must have been on purpose.
i want to believe it was done on purpose
doubly disgusting
double as dank

thanks anon, forgot about those
Has Taco Bell every really been as far as to want do look more like? Honestly, if want is really disgusting been to look do, then really every time, we more than ever do to far look more like than anyone could.
This...agh...I'm pretty sure it's all correct, but it hurts...oh man it hurts....
LOL WAT? Someone explain plz
stfu
I do think forgot how I do the read
Has anyone ever been far even really as to want to taste more like?
It's like i'm really taking the SAT again
Again?
Taco:twice::Bell:disgusting
Didn't they take analogies out of the SAT several years ago?
I would have been so good at that
Yeah 'cause they're "culturally biased." There was one that required an intimate knowledge of competitive rowing.   

I worked at a Chick-Fil-A and we had this guy come in screaming because he was covered in the large cone he just ordered. Apparently it was our fault he didn't know how to lick it in such a fashion as to not knock the ice cream off of the cone.
Admitting to working at a Chick-Fil-A on Reddit. I respect your honesty.
Hey I worked there for 7 years. I worked to pay my way through school debt free. Working there also got me the money to buy an engagement ring for my Fiance I met while we both worked there. Though the learders of the company my have their own views of the world it in no way reflects how the individual workers on staff may feel. .I'll throw it out there. I'm christian and I have friends who are gay, lesbian, and somewhere in between. I love all of my friends regaurdless of their sex, sexual orientation / prefrence, nationality, color, or creed. Thats their buisness and not mine to judge. I do my best to be the best friend I can be to them. That is what friends do. Friends love, respect, care for, and watch out for one another. I am more than just the faith I believe in. I like everyone else am human. We are each our own indevidual self amd should be respected and celebrated as we are..Edit: Chick-Fil-A leaves a chip on your shoulder. I'm still working to shake mine.
Friend, I didn't mean it as a knock on you, it was a joke, please don't take it too seriously
I got the joke part. It's just that I had to work there through the whole debacle and deal with all the crazies on both sides of the fence. You gave me an opening to vent and it felt good. Thank you.
Better watch out this is America that man can have a valid case in our court of law. Before you know it they might have directions on the fucking cone!
Stop being such a pawn, noob.
Nice!
fucking everything is partisan bullshit now. Can't even talk about a court case without hearing this shit.
Tort reform is/was solely spearheaded by the right... 
It's so funny how big business turned that into look at the evil old money hungry woman trying to rob poor corporate America of our monies, when you see the facts that she ONLY asked to be medically covered ($20,000) they offered her 800 bucks!.Who was the real asshole here?
but did you tell him "god bless you"?  that wouldve made him feel better
Or failing that just call him a faggot.
I know that you're joking, but after reading many civil appellate cases, I'm happy to say that most judges are able to see through such fuckery and often just throw the case out. 
Stupid joke bad humor = ) story of my life, but it made me chuckle when I posted it and that all that counts in my book. 
Your own joke made you chuckle?
I think I'm hilarious 
if you dont find your own joke funny, who will?
I love that, thank you.
no problem
Yup no shame in it. I laugh at all of my jokes or thing I joke about when I reread them. You guys might not like me, But I like me!
Did you laugh in his face?.It would have been hard not to for me
I had to holdback every time it happened. Which is more often than you would think. 
I was also a CFA TL. Had a woman complain about a bone in her lemonade. It was clearly a lemon seed floating in the lemonade. I told her it was a lemon seed and she lost her mind..I told her "The produce and chicken are kept in separate parts of the store. Not only that but none of our chicken has bone in it. The only way a bone could get in your lemonade is if the guy cutting the lemons cut his finger off. We keep track of stuff like that.".She threw the lemonade on the ground and stormed off.
We had a guy one day that wanted to order breakfast. It was 15 mins after breakfast ended. He gets all huffy and starts yelling. I kid you not, he then yells "Do you know who I am!?!" We tell him to pull forward and we will assist him at the window. He pulls forward and trys to start again with the "Do you know who I am!?!" like he's important and a big shot and we should know. Our managers respose to him was "I don't know who you are, nor do I care. You will not speak in an abusive manor to my employees. I am sorry but we do not have breakfast any longer. If you would like lunch I can get that for you. If not, have a nice day sir." He left with no food. It was great!
Oh man, I miss retail sometimes.
 
Now we'll . know who it was. :(
It was James Gandolfini.
I remember back in my Meijer days there was this one guy who was taking two liters of soda off of the racks and smashing them on the floor in the aisle. .When I ran up to him and asked what he was doing, he replied, "WHERE IS YOUR RC COLA!?"  I calmly directed him toward the side of the aisle directly opposite him, and he found it immediately.  I saw him quickly snatch 5 2 liters off the shelf and scurry away mumbling "something something Fuckin' impossible to find.".Ever since that day, I've been convinced RC cola has crack in it.
It's not as weird as your story, but I used to work at Vons (SoCal), and this guy came in every day and bought 2 2liter bottles of cherry DrPepper, opened both, took a sip of both and walked off. He's always sweaty, so I assume he walked/took the bus to the store and was thirsty.
Did you simply say, "My pleasure"?
Yes, after have a nice day!
No because obviously you cannot simply say that, it always has to be like "M-mm-my p-pleasure"
As you lick it off of him? 
I went to taco bell, the guy at the drive thru asked if I wanted hot or mild I replied 50/50, got home, 100 packets of sauce.
Shit everytime i ask for more fire the guy gives me 2.
Fuck yeah, potatoes and eggs for breakfast the next day, drown that shit in mild sauce. 
Yeah, my drawer at work is full of sauce packets because every time you ask for a "few packets" means a few handfuls. 
I wish I had that issue. I always ask for a "lot" or a "fuckton" of sauce and I get 3, maybe 4 packets if they're feeling generous. .Maybe it's reverse psychology and I'm just doing it wrong. 
Fucking same for me I go into the tAco bell after I do the drive thru to get handfuls myself which I guess defeats the purpose of the drive thru but still less time than ordering in person for them to see my neckbeard. 
How do you deal with the bark? 
I love the thought of him gingerly counting every little packet
Die painfully okay? Prefearbly by getting crushed to death in a garbage compactor, by getting your face cut to ribbons with a pocketknife, your head cracked open with a baseball bat, your stomach sliced open and your entrails spilled out, and your eyeballs ripped out of their sockets. Fucking bitch I would love to kick you hard in the face, breaking it. Then I'd cut your stomach open with a chainsaw, exposing your intestines. Then I'd cut your windpipe in two with a boxcutter. Hopefully you'll get what's coming to you. Fucking bitch I really hope that you get curb-stomped. It'd be hilarious to see you begging for help, and then someone stomps on the back of your head, leaving you to die in horrible, agonizing pain. Faggot Shut the fuck up faggot, before you get your face bashed in and cut to ribbons, and your throat slit.
lolwut
Do you have notepad open and just cut and paste this every time?
Notepad++, of course. The man clearly knows not the meaning of overkill.
... Someone got red sauce on their clothes and BMW...
nah I just go back to my comment history.
"Faggot shut the fuck up faggot"
fuck off faggot
Nigger
For some reason I always smile when I read the word "gingerly".
As a ginger I usually stop reading / listening after gingerly as it is normally followed by.etc etc
I gingerly penetrated your sister last night.
Ball's in your court, Shikogo.
Balls in his sister though
And I sat next to you, smiling.
Gingerly caressing his balls
With my asshole
Things that happened:.[ ] This.[x] Not This
This could have happened, our Taco Bell has given us a grocery bag full of Fire sauce packets when we asked for a "shit ton" of sauce to distribute among my roommate's belongings for April Fools Day.
The the fuck up faggot
Is joke for funny laughing.
Made me blow more air than usual through my nose, so I don't care if it's made up or not.
With this logic, nothing that's posted here actually happened.   .I suppose no one ever has anything slightly out of the ordinary ever happened to them, that'd just be insane.  .You know, as if everyone lives different lives and all that crazy nonsense.
Nothing that is posted here has ever actually happened. 
I like the way you used checks in boxes to express your opinion.  Let me try:.[  ] Funny
[  ] Original
[X] Faggot.Am I doing it right?  
Yes.  Yes you are.
No you're not actually because you tried to have them on different lines but failed.
Sorry, I not good at computer,
[X] Yes
Checkboxes are more effective when arranged vertically, or so I'm told.
[x] effective
9/10 good use of horizontal space
So, 19 packets of sauce?
No, 910 packets of sauce.
ladle it fagget
Label it faggot..910 packets of faggot sauce.
.9 of a packet
Yeah, it's really hard to believe that a Taco Bell employee is a smartass with no regard for how many sauce packets he gives out. 
I just don't believe a Taco Bell employee is going to waste his time counting out exactly 50 of each sauce packet.
implying the time he spends working at Taco Bell has any value to him
It totally does - minimum wage.

You're giving Taco Bell employees too much credit for the shits they give about their job.
The story clearly points out he gave him exactly 100 packets, 50 of and 50 of another. now, if i was a smartass with no regard for how many sauce packets i gave out, it would be to bigass handfuls, i would not be counting packets. 
being the rational person you are, why would you take a comment, in . of all places, literally? your hypothetical "if I were in his shoes" idea was probably what actually happened. original commentator is exagerating to grasp your attention. also .and if this did happen, gimme some of dat "Fire".
Or maybe the commenter didn't count the packets either, just saw a fuckload of them and assumed 100.
It's the little things that matter most. A good joke takes dedication.
I would think it would be relatively fast if you throw them in bunches of five..For example, if you were to go to the mild packets and make ten groups of roughly five packets, you could then quickly assess which bunches have 6 and which bunches have 4 by a quick glance and adjust them accordingly.  It would be faster than counting to fifty and manually manipulating each and every packet one by one..Then repeat with the hot packets.
That's what I was thinking, but I count pills all the time at work so perhaps that's why 50 doesn't seem like too bad of a number.  
I'm pretty sure there is a computing process term for that, but I don't know what it's called.
I think you're forgetting
Hey faggot, my taco bell hooks it up.
?lel cuz fastfood employeess r stoopid amirite?
In a sense, it is an algorithm. 
I just started my job as a Pharm Tech and counting in bunches of five is already making me want to kill myself.
lol.  That's when you switch it up when you're at a bit of a slower lull.  Do threes, sixes, fours, alternate them.  I'm a vet tech so i'm not counting pills all day, but sometimes it does feel like it.  
You know, man, sometimes when you work at a fast-food joint for minimum wage, shit like giving someone a hundred packets will keep you from killing yourself.
As a Former Taco Bell employee, the reason this didn't happen is because of the drive thru timer. No manager would let that employee count out 100 sauce packets while the food sits there ready to be handed out.
You obviously are a lazy bastard who doesn't understand what goes on at what we like to call a "job". Unless the guy was about toget off or it was super late nobody would sit there an fucking count out 100 packets of 50mild/50hot..Besides, what part of your brain is malignant to the point where you think someone would soothe their soul agonizing boredom by counting out sauce for someone they don't know? 
I find all sorts of shit to keep me interested at my minimum wage job. If I had that idea, I sure as hell would count out 100 packets. Shit would be hilarious.
Wow, you got me, dude. I guess I'll just go do suicide now. Those are some big words you used there. How many times did you mommy tell you that you were the smartest boy when you were a kid?
It was probably slow as fuck. Chill your tits, princess, you're still on reddit.
I would only take a minute to count 100 sachets 
I would
Because the outcome is funny, retard.
I used to work at Taco Bell and shit like giving someone a hundred packets would make me want to kill myself. ."It would be a great job if it wasnt for the fucking customers."
...said every retail employee ever.

I dunno man I worked at a Taco Bell ~12 years ago and the job was mind-numbing enough that doing anything out of the ordinary was a welcome change of pace.  One time a guy in drive-thru said to imagine the most sauce I would ever give a customer, and double it. I gave him an unopened box of 1000 hot sauce packets. It was the highlight of my shift, sadly.
I could just play games on my phone when there was noone around.
Unfortunately when I worked there the only phone game was snake and that shit got boring real quick. I had to amuse myself by fucking with customers and dropping random shit in the fryer.
Try working in a call center. No uniforms, no hair nets, no hot cooking equipment, comfy chairs and AC. .Now . a job that would be great if it weren't for all the fucking customers.
So like every office job that's not in customer service?
Yeah, only call centers tend to be a bit more lax in their dress codes, and a bit more open with relations between employees. .Seriously, I worked in one call center where it was harder to find two employees that hadn't had sex with each other than it was ones who had.
You'd be surprised. Also, you're a cunt.
Are you Australian?.I need to know this to determine if you and theimpolitegentleman are best friends or if you find him an objectionable person.

Are you Australian?.I need to know this to determine if you and theimpolitegentleman are best friends or if you find him an objectionable person.  ( ^_^) .Let me fix that for you (automated comment unflipper) 
Cunt here, can confirm. 
This pasta tastes old. 
thailand is a bitch.
Its not like OP is doing anything either, he's just proud of the fact that he's bringing it up. All he's doing is the same as liking a support group on Facebook and claiming he has helped the cause. People like him make me sick.
does KFC still sell popcorn chicken? That stuff was the shit.
I love the smell of oppression in the morning.

I want someone to draw a picture of that scenario
I'm Thai.  Never felt so bad about chuckling :/ Still. 7/10 chuckled
GAMECUBE?!
Yup
no, you make me sick to my stomach.
I thought they were called snuggies?
n-sync??????????
Well where is she -_-
Definitely troll level: Thailand. He lists way too many outdated specifics for this to be a serious thing. 
"slankets" ..that is the name of those things?
show some gratitude for My Penis
Hey that girl looks like my ex. 
[deleted]
That's a Malaysian flag.
When OP reads that, he will change his views, goals, habits and life's path into something better. 
yea true... lol
they chop off ya penis yet
EVERYONE PLEASE HELP ME MY SIDES RAN AWAY AND I CANT FIND THEM XDDDDDD!!
Sage.
That's what they're called if you buy them through Skymall. If you buy them at the dollar store or Wal-Mart they're called "Snuggie" which just sounds like an adult diaper.
this is totally fucking stupid i hate how ignorant everybody else is. 
I hate 4chan.
So, why are you here? We're obviously not cool enough for you. Go back to . with the rest of the cancer infesting this page. 
Damn Malaysian lol
The fuck do people think they're going to achieve by posting such things as these? .OP doesn't even give a shit for the topic at hand just craves attention. Moron. 
Seriously though, kids being sold into slavery is fucked up. 
Then go fix it. 
On my way
I'm sorry but how am I supposed to stop her PARENTS from selling her into slavery? Should NATO go to Thailand and places this is rapent and fucking blow up every place we think has slavers? What about the people who would inevitably die as collateral damage in such a haphazard 'intervention' against an ill-defined target? The west is guilty of a lot of things, and us for being complacent, but you can't protect people from their own family least of all. 

This really made me stop and think. Why don't they make frozen popcorn chicken? You can get any other shape, just no popcorn.
wat? i have some in my freezer right now. lurk moar @ the grocery stoar.
Are you fucking retarded or do you just have broken eye balls?.Literally every god damn grocery store has frozen popcorn chicken. Fucking idiot. god damnit you are stupid
I never seen any, but honestly the Kroger near me doesn't have much of a selection. Need to get rid of that furniture section and throw in a few more food aisles. Who buys furniture at the grocery store?
Fred Meyer is owned by Kroger and is their store on the West Coast. They have at least two kinds of popcorn chicken at both stores near me. I think you just don't know how to look for food..Also, FM has furniture too and it's awesome for the price so fuck you hater
Fuck you and fuck your grocery store furniture, I hope your house burns down and takes you and it. If Fred G. Meyer was still alive I'm sure you'd be sucking his dick right now.
lol, Fred G. Meyer? Did you literally just google fred meyer? You are such a fucking loser. 
I wanted to see if it was a real person or just a name, like I said, Kroger. Kroger means no Fred Meyers exist around here. 
Every grocery store I've ever been to sells frozen popcorn chicken.
Something tells me your country may not be free enough to have frozen popcorn chicken.
2edgy4me.like it's my fault the girl got sold into slavery lol i don't get these retards FEEL BAD FOR SHIT THAT ISN'T YOUR FAULT, FUCK YOU FEEL BAD.what the fuck 
Because when you grow up you realize the world is a mix of terrible things and wonderful things, and the minuscule subset of things you actually are aware of due to retards parroting what their Facebook feed or the TV tells them is not representative of the world as a whole. .You can also acknowledge that something is fucked up without turning into a huge blubbering vagina about it, or making up a bunch of fantasies about how you're going to make a difference fixing the problem, or demonizing those who are more desensitized to the pain of others, or blaming the government for letting bad things happen, or "losing faith in humanity", or any of the other annoying, self-righteous bullshit that idiots do when presented with information they find unsettling. 
The thing is, yeah, the majority of people are trying to "change things" because they "feel guilty" about it when it's not even their fault, but everyone says "it's all our fault" so they believe it..You've a really good mentality towards fucked up things happening and a bad mentality as well, saying it's not the "government's fault" is preposterous because it IS their fault if people in Syria are getting bombarded and for the government i mean every major government involved there, they're fighting over oil and world map presence while killing innocents. That's the thing to understand, it's not about "it's nobody's fault", it's actually SOMEONE'S FAULT but it's not mine because i actually have nothing to fucking do with it, i didn't sign anywhere saying "go bombard innocent human beings for money". But i see the world as bourgeoise and working class so obviously i never feel bad because i know that the upper class is letting people starve in africa because they don't have a piece of paper. That's good enough for me, i will never feel bad about ANYTHING happening into the world because in the end, i know whose fault it is. War? Money. People starving? Money. People getting sold to slavery? Guess the fuck what, Money. It's not anyone's fault other than the upper class and that's why i fight them by spreading awareness not through fucking facebook or 2EDGY4chan, i actually do something that i'd rather not discuss on reddit that actually has an impact on human lives and brings more and more people every year to understand how the world works, hence having them understand whose "fault" it is..Anyway holy shit that's a long one, good talk peace
So how do I hire the lady? 
You actually have to buy her, kind of like marriage, so no thx.
She could use some bigger tits.
at least she'll get some dick, cuz everyone knows that's all that girls want.
Such shitposting on this sub lately


Is she DRM free? I could always give her to a friend
It's not stealing. It's making a copy. 
YOU WOUDLN'T DOWNLOAD A SEX SLAVE!


Not just any blanket, good sir. A slanket
Popcorn chicken never goes out of style - have you had it? That shit is some tasty.
It's like fried chicken, but small.
Exactly. Buy fried chicken instead. Cheaper and you get more.
bones nigger
no
No.
Hopefully UPS delivered undamaged.
She probably arrived with 3 broken bones and pregnant.
Doesnt matter, still payed.
That's how we like it
But the box was undamaged, so UPS is off the hook.
One of the greatest human inventions.Sexual slavery that is

That is my second favorite animal picture with words on it
lol cute animal pics dude
You may enjoy ..
Much better than regular r/shibe, which is now overrun with oppression and sadness.
Seriously, I love supershibe so I just checked out . ..wtf it's run by SRS femnazis, . wow
I subbed like two weeks before it went down. Someone made a x-post from r/cringe and the mod got buttmad and changed it to approved posts only. Such anger wow.


Gamecubes, N Sync, Real World? What year is this?
It's the year of the copypasta.
2001 I think. 




early 2000s
It's 2013 in Thailand
thatsthejoke.jpg
2001?  
Not many people had an iPod in 2001.
Segways weren't around before 2001? Wow.
Pfft Gamecube is good any year. 
and N-Sync was never good.
So many hours lost to Pikmin.
No one wants to face me in Pikmin 2 battle cause I'm so good. It's awful.
Double daaaaash
thatsthejoke.jpg
What does that bait taste like? 
The Jewke
The juke.
that's the joik
Anyone have the Ainsley pic to dump?
What's up with all the Israeli flags?
idf
wat?
Israeli Defense Force
Call me a faggot, but I still don't understand

Fuck, I forgot they actually exist.
Ask this question to George Zimmerman.
I don't think he wanted those kinds of tips. 
I wonder if OP realizes that his example tattoo is a design from a show.
Great minds think adick.
My first tattoo was "first" badly written on my arm. I got it done by my friends who were completely stoned who thought it would be an awesome idea
Get "shizou" tatted on your face so everyone knows your posts suck
This wasn't funny. 
Lel OP so creative xD
So random lulz plz laugh at me
Learn how to crop you fucking faggot
Yeah, fuck OP!
objection
Fuck that 'Heaven' guy

Bogus dude.  They don't give the taquitos to you before you get to the cashier.  How high are you?
A MFW greentext without a picture 
Was there a picture to go with it? Otherwise the MFW doesn't make sense...
slurpee is such a funny word. slurpee
"But we stole a Slurpee?" 
"Yeah, on free Slurpee day!"
Isn't the free one smaller than any size you can buy? 
The free Slurpee is like a shot glass. There is no way you could think you stole it. This story is a lie. A useless stupid lie. 
So this is essentially a story about nothing. Thanks.
This year they were 12oz. Pretty decent sized.
Really? Fuck this is the only year I missed it and they give away a big cup. Dammit.
The size of a regular ol' soda can.
Reminds me of free balloon day when SpongeBob stole the free balloons. 
One does not simply buy a small slurpie while stoned. 
Mfw when no face
Line was long so they gave it near te cash register to ease the wait for others as well
chare threw me off
This story is garbage..The free slurpees are so small. not to mention that nearly all 7-11s have signs referencing the free slurpees. OP is a faggot.
.........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
"anon goes to 7/11" ."anon is a master thief" .Those  would be better,  your welcome faggot
"anon 9/11'ed two months early"
I have a feeling it'd take too long for some people to get that, especially without context, so the post wouldn't get much attention.
I STOLE A BALLOON
Holy shit that episode was on today.
On free balloon day! Get out of here!
Change the fucking title,  almost woulda been funny till i knew ahead of time it was free slurpee day
Yeah, I couldn't get why he would want the cashier to chare him for it if it was 'free slurpee day'.
Thanks for tip. First time posting a 4chan post
First and last, fuccboi. 
This isn't even a 4chan thing, it is as "how do I post without spoiling the ending" thing
first fucking line. are you guys retarded or just ragging on OP
Can't it be both?
Only on Tuesday. 



It's 2013, and people still don't know about browser add-ons that remove ads?
Why would it be $500 a year when it's only $20 a month? Makes no sense.





Because Moots a jew

So, I see you're gay too. Would you like to share my dragon dildo?
What are you, queer?
You must be homosexual.
2009 was such a great year for reposts...........
Fuck yeah.
10/10 would read again
My god I am crying.
Ha
beta cancer 
Must resist doing the same.
this guy is my hero
solid 2/10
My sides, my front, my back, my everything.
concludes with op being a faggot?
but of course.
Fore Chan
Couldn't commit.
All the worlds a stage and the men and women merely actors.
Worth it for the ending.
This was posted weeks ago. 
tits or gtfo
Alpha save
Dat punchline.
"Still, I wouldn't object..."
I miss those days. 
Best thing I've read today.
the last line. dying
You're .... not "your".God damn it people, is it so hard to remember?
I think I'm gay, how do I know?
Gold if this actually happened (1%)
Fo Chan sounds like a better Chinese name.. :D
Just curious, what texting app is that?
Kik messenger
You're* .I hate that bitch just from seeing those messages... 
She's definitely a keeper or not since she wouldn't take it up the ass.
FOUR CHAN YESSSSSSSSSS
.... and back to being beta
Very anticlimactic.
The fun you can have when the OP delivers.
it's always Four Chan fucking shit up
I remember lurking in that actual thread just laughing my ass off
You know what? I never get tired of this. It is actually funny and it keeps the cancer off the front page.
It should be 4 chin because that's about how many chins all you fucking beardnecks have.
Kill her.
Great recovery
Wow what a waste of time
notice how in the end, that girls face wasnt censored off
lool
ITT: Idiot neckbeards who .. Holy fuck.
She thiiiiiiiiiiiirsty
Good save OP
I really like his SMS app. 
Its . running on ..
Thanks. 
funny how OP blotted out her face in the first few pics then gave up and put her name and face all over the internet. oh 4chan.
Next message says: no I'm just desperate.OR more likely same message different phrasing
10/10
"Come on! At least stick the landing!"."Oh whatever, at least 4chan didn't make her beat his ass up or anything"
What a pussy, OP went total betafag at the end.
So brave...
Oh that Four Chan he's such a rascal 
The ending ruined it... He should haveve been a man and stayed by his words.
That was actually decent. I mean aside from being a pussface. Geegee.
Four Chan. That shits better than dinosaur, tree-fiddy and Fresh Prince together.
What operating system is that phone using? It looks really sleek and I want to use it. 
That would be Android.
Right, I google image searched and found out it was 4.2 Jelly Bean... Thanks though!
So.. Android.
Yes, but more specifically 4.2 Jelly Bean...

It's just the version, I don't say iOS 6 specifically, but I guess so.
"Your," "loose," he probably should have broken up with her, Jesus Christ.
Holy shit. All of the comments in here about OP pussying out are shocking. She seems really nice and OP was being a dick (if this was real, I highly doubt it). He doesn't deserve her, none of you fucking neckbeards will ever have girlfriends if this is how you treat women. Fuck you all.


Should'n't have quit so early, one more comment would've got him butsek for sure.
Last message was beta as fuck
[deleted]
So meny lels
After two pics, just fuck it, no more censor face.
By picture 7 OP was like "Fuck this girl's privacy, I'm too tired to cover her face anymore."
At least it's not like that post with the "only a fool would take any of these stories as truth" part at the end. That genuinely rustled my sides in the 9th dimension.
I can never look at these text convos the same after that post. Ever. 
Source? 

i still laughed
Don't really care if it's fake, Four Chan killed me. Mother. Fucking. Four Chan.
2asian4Li


Maybe not, but someone's probably done something nearly identical to this before at some point in the history of humanity. 
he pussied out though
Still complied though, which is a lot more than I would've done. 
Dude probably is awesome friends with her, and maybe even getting laid by her steadily..He wanted to have some fun, but didn't want to lose a good deal..Also, he knew it would make people amused by horrible jokes pissed off, giving him yet another final laugh when they throw a fit
He's using kik, I'm almost certain that he doesn't know her in person probably met her online.
You could make the argument that he pussied out in style.
Yeah I read it too
ow mah gawwwwwwwd you read it too !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Yeah I reddit too.
Whoa, I can see why he is messing with her. She seems clingy.
And then he bitched out.  Seems he likes it... or Ms. Clingy is the only way he can get laid.
Clingy? She just seems like a nice person who wasn't expecting to be treated like shit by someone who's apparently generally also a nice guy.
Are you mad at me?.Is that how you feel?
Nah. Just pointing out that she may just b--ehh forget it.
too obvious, should have named the coworker pho chan. 
Phor.....Thor.
Phor would be Fur.
Except it's pronounced "." you fedora wearing motherfucker.
Pho = fuh.
I think pho is better for multiple reasons, one it's still an allusion to 4chan and two it sounds like it could be an actual persons name, nobody is named four.
God damn. I can practically hear you flapping away from here.
I can hear the bristling of your neckbeard from here.
i hate to drop stereotypical comments like "and that's the reason why you cannot get laid" but maaan you're trying hard 
His entire joke hinges on the word being incorrectly pronounced like it looks, "foe."   Learn Asian culture.

Actually I live overseas most of the time, but thanks for trying to nail me down. FYI, even if you .:.Plus having a Laotian step-mom helps. 
So let me get this straight. The part of Asia you're telling someone to learn the culture of is... Indochina? Nobody has that much time to waste.
Let us pretend again this crappy sockpuppet account is making sense. .You are struggling with the geography. I will help. Living in Asia sure helps, but the people are everywhere now. They're refugees. These are different than indigenous. I'm not claiming to be spending the summer living with former Hmong military who fought in our Vietnam war and still remain exiled:.I'm only saying your assertion that ties to Minnesota hinder a person's cultural knowledge of Asia, or specifically Vietnam, is retarded. 
I'll take autism for 400 alex.
Uhhh it's pronounced "fuh"
pho ck jew
Listen to the audio clip I posted and get back to me you crazy harlem shake lovin gook bastard.
Uhh, I think I'm gonna go with the Asian dude on this.
He's from . :.Can anyone trust him?
The enemy has penetrated our borders, exactly how I penetrated thedevilsdictionary's mother...but seriously way to go the extra mile.
He's so serious in that post. It's just so ridiculous. Nobody can trust him.
90% of these gay ass posts are just one neckbeard dude with two phones sending messages back and forth just to get reactions.
the other 10% are people who google "sms conversation generator"
Or a fake SMS website that generated it all for you...
You can also use your email to send texts to yourself. Playas gonna play.
"Please... answer me. I don't understand"."Your never like this. Your always sweet and kind".Because people actually fucking talk like that, right?.. This is like, OP's waifu fantasy or something.
That seems pretty realistic actually. Including the grammar failures.
Dude, girls do that shit.  Arguments, especially when they're wrong, will lead to shit like this all the time.  Quite annoying.
Have you even talked to a girl before dude?
Yes, and they don't fucking talk like in some anime.
You'd be suprised. People actually fucking talk like that when they are feeling guilt.
I have heard similar stuff before from girls. It is not all that unrealistic. If a nice guy does a 180 suddenly females are shocked.
Never trust those asians, Four Chan for shame
Four chame. That was terrible.
u dishonor my chamiry
I liked how OP kept blocking more and more of the girl's pic, and then just gave the fuck up.
At least he tried.
That girl seems like she has some serious self esteem issues.

Oh, come on. ANY girl who gets this sort of treatment would respond like this - it's basically a template girl-response.
Really? It wasn't hard to make her apologise after he rudely demanded anal sex. 
Then she tries to leave and second guesses again - "are you done with me?".Any person who immediately comes crawling back after being spoken to like that must have low self-esteem.
Maybe that is what he meant about template girl response?
I don't think she has. She wrote that other guys dumped her because she didn't sent them pics, that takes some self worth.
Just like "are you done with me???" exudes self respect.
Tits or gtfo

yolo
Who else would date someone from 4chan



fo real tho



and OP pussies out yet again
cop out bitch, why did he even post that picture... lol

Must be a pretty cool guy if he has two phones.
Plot twist .Phone was Mom's 
Yeah. I mean, I don't even have two phones.
Probably just google voice. Even if this was real what kind of dumb chick would put up with that shit. 
Gee Bill how come your mom lets you eat two phones?
THREE PHONES!
He never has a second phone at home...
that was a pretty good save at the end. he pussied out, but still not bad
It was also pretty good when the whole thing was brutally fake
He was hoping to get laid, instead comes off as a beta
Relationship with chick who seems nice, or temporary praise from dirty hillbilly neckbeards 
But damn nigga she had one ugly ass face
Nah. Call me a white knight but she seemed pretty cute actually
we know what /b/ would say...
Nice? She's a pushover who doesn't respect herself enough to say fuck off to this dude. Probably too young, which isn't her fault, but "nice" isn't the primary attribute here.
Seriously, what a dumb ass bitch. She should have chosen a different, more attractive face to use for her whole life.
Yeah, she actually seemed way too nice to pull this shit on her..Kinda felt bad for her towards the end..Good save OP..EDIT: Fuck me, I can't english for shit.
Nice is boring, neckbeards.
She also can't spell for shit and is likely mildly retarded.
The part when she says other guys dumped her because she didn't sent them pics and she was afraid OP was going to do the same gave me the feels.. Seriously , you're a piece of shit OP. 
OH BOOHOO.Dont you think she is better off that she didnt get involved with them?
What language is this, Bronese?
No it's actually Brosnian
Like Pierce Brosnian?
God damn, I completely goofed. Sorry bout that.
It's still wrong. ."To nice"?."torwards"?
why would you want to ward off tors? they're friendly.
rap-tors.
I can't fuckin english, sorry bout that.

don't beat yourself over that m8 i bet that half of these people can't into your mother language 
English is my first language, I'm just southern. Bad excuse, but I'm sticking with it.
As a fellow southerner, we've stood by far worse things while making excuses for our actions. 
"I'm just southern".I'm from the Southern Hemisphere, does that count?

that's okay, I suck at southern. Such a hard language to learn.

apologize more, faggot
Fite my tulpa faget.

Mother. Fucking. Four Chan.

Four Chan cheat on my girlfriend this last weekend, fuck that guy
classic four chan.
That part was the best part

He said Asian because 4chan is . smart.
Honestly the only funny part of the thread. 
Shouldve said Pho Chang
Classic four chan.
Top lel
Classic lel
Top rer.-Four Chang
Classic Four Chang.
wadda silly gook 
damn this guy
Always fucking shit up.
what a faggot
he better watch himself, next time i'm calling the navy
Cyber police? 
No. The navy seals, trained in gorilla warfare with 300 confirmed kills.
Well, we dun goof'd
And God said unto Noah, "build an arc for there will be a flood of faggots posting the same screencap". And Noah built that arc because he was really Zimmerman in disguise and wants all you faggots and niggers to drown. Repost number 11:
Why is this happening? It's pissing me off

She was supposed to be on the Jay Thomas show this week but didn't show up.  Stone her.
Emi?
This is the kind of joke I'd accidentally come up with without actually trying.
Nice pussy shot.
She still has one leg and is fat. Not Emi
Am I a bad person for wanting her to stand up, then delivering the most powerful kick I can to her lego calf, making a huge lego shitstorm and causing her to topple over. I feel so ashamed of my thoughts sometimes...
this again?!
[deleted]
fuck off
This brings a whole new meaning to "stepping on a lego"...
DAE top lel?
Is all fun and games until your crippled nephew actually tries to walk down the stairs on a leg constructed of left over Star Wars Legos.This is all your fault crippled bitch.
Old school fun.
Banjo-Kazooie movie?
Pokemon came out when I was about 19 or so. That being said I can honestly say that Pokemon is fucking stupid. 
Actually, if you count the metagame, it's the smartest competitive game that isn't made by Blizzard.
Having a game that is designed to be complex doesn't make its subject matter not garbage. You can substitute the pokemon aspect with something else. 
I didn't say its subject matter is good, only that the game was not, as you claimed, fucking stupid..I think you might fit that description more than pokmon, as you interpreted me vouching for an intelligent, unique RPG as me finding animal cruelty and pseudolution to be great subject matter.
My original point is that Pokemon as a whole is stupid. Having a single incarnation that is above and beyond doesn't detract that the pokemon is still dumb. If a TV show has one good episode, it doesn't make the show good, it means they struck gold for 30 minutes. 
So, if one seperate adaptation of the same regions is good, but another is bad, both are bad to you?.ET, The Matrix, Back To The Future, and Street Fighter II must be bad then. Each one has either a horrible game or a horrible movie (only for SF2). Even though they are seperate mediums, one is bad, so they both are bad..Do you see that flaw, or am I misunderstanding your babble?
No you have it backwards, one good incarnation does not make the entire thing good. Band X has one good song on one CD, that doesn't make them good, because they only got it right once, the other 5 Cds with 12 songs a piece were all terrible. It is a shitty band. 
The difference, however, between a one hit wonder and pokmon is that pokemon has 8 decent seasons of anime, 20 stellar main series games, and 2 stellar mangas. That should make it at least decent.
well like I said it came out when I was 19 so I was not in the demographic by any means. I checked it out to see if it was cool. It was not.  But for some reason it was stretched as far as it could be and kids still shelled out hand fills of cash to capture magic animals in little balls so he could fight them later.
Well, the first games were shit from any standpoint, i'll give you that. They were faultily programmed and glitchy as hell. You could try revisiting the series. I had the same thoughts on the series until about mid-2011 and learned all the complicated new mechanics that were fresh in a gaming world full of colorless, simple FPS's with little change between installments and franchises.
This has nothing to do with 4chan
Nigger please get back to nigging around Toys R Us and get the fuck off the Internet.
If I would have screen capped it on 4chan, it would have been too small to read..
Ursaring I can see, but Farfetch'd?
Woosh!

And it wouldn't be that.
Fuck yeah.
Ursaring is a pretty Farfetch'd connection.
When's the last time you've even been on 4chan? This shit is everywhere.
Zimmerman is innocent, I can't wait for the epic fucking chimpout that will occur when he walks.
Is there a subreddit for Chris Dorner stories?

If this isn't the way the trial ends white people should riot.
 
Zimmerman helped out society before the Dorner thing was even relevant. This is stupid.
That was surprisingly better than I thought it would turn out to be.
8/10
10/10.would fap again
I'm all hunkered down for the race riots when he walks. The media made it more about race than what actually happened. There isn't really enough evidence to convict so this would not even be on the news unless the white perp kills a black dude. The whole thing is sad really. 
Fuck Namek. I'm wishing for this to be true. 
0/10 would not believe
Wait wut?.Juries are only at the trial court level. Unless you're in New York, then the trial court is called the Supreme Court for some insane reason.
There are lots of supreme courts, people just casually shorten the US supreme court. 
You're right. There are the 50 state supreme courts and the federal Supreme Court. None of them, however, have juries. 
Yeah, I was just pointing something out. I have had a little to drink, and that makes politics fun. 
This is about the laziest Dorner story yet.
I can't breathe and now my whole extended family in the next room are asking what's so funny. Where do I even begin...
I'm gonna get downvoted but this exact thing happened to me too. 
haha, i'm never tired of those.
Stop using 4chan during a family intervention. Seek doctor for chemotherapy on your cancerous comment.
lel
I HATE YOU NIGGER I HOPE YOU ARE BURNED AT THE STAKE
This was better than what I was actually expecting.
that part gave away the rest
Are you kidding, line 2 gave away the rest.
Still funny
It didn't give anything away... I mean, they all look the same, right?
Hold it hold it hold it!.You mean there's more than one large black male?
Whenever I see more than one I just assume the Matrix has a glitch
 needs to stop focusing on their texture loading issue and focus on this glitch, damn it!
I can't believe they only coded one texture for black characters! What racists!
While Zimmerman protects the neighbourhood, Dorner protects the skies.
Jeremiah 29:11 For I know the plans I have for you, declares the LORD, plans for welfare and not for evil, to give you a future and a hope..Read more: 
Really is brave.

Its funny how people claim tattoos and body mods are mainstream, but most that have them just seem so classless.
Tattos and a few peircings are okay but fucking teardrop tattos make me wanna rip their eyes out.
If you want to get a professional career you'll be hard pressed to find a job. I know of plenty employers in my field that have a no tattoos policy when it comes to hiring. 
As a transhumanist I believe that we all have the intrinsic right to change ourselves in whatever way we desire, up to and including becoming something more than human.  The problem I have with body modification is that it usually follows one of a tiny set of templates: ear guages, piercings, tattoos, etc.  Excuse me but that is fucking boring as fuck and totally unoriginal.  Yeah, granted, we're not at the point where you can grow dragonfly wings and iridescent spark emitting demon horns but fucking COME ON.  People prove how unique they are by  choosing which of five flavors of corporately sponsored trendy alienation and nonconformity they prefer.  The only thing these people are displaying is their lack of fucking imagination.
So true. So sad. Fuck ppl like this
My brother got a tattoo on his bicep the size of an apple and it costed $400. I doubt anyone with loads of tattoos or "body mods" has trouble finding work. Now the tards in their teens that work at Claire's and Spencer's are a different story.
who is bydlo
who is phone

Go back to your byldo bear workshop Byldo Baggins. 
'How dare people do things I don't approve or like' - op 
You seem a little butthurt.
I'm happy these idiots do this to themselves, makes it easier for the rest of us to spot them and avoid them like the plague.
haha autistic virgins
Money or drugs. Maybe homies got both? You dont need a bitch like that anyway, gross. 
He's got a point.
Some shit wouldn't upload, mostly gifs, because imgur is such a jew about file size.
Hey, you leave the jews alone on this momentous day of nig hate! It's like you're trying to celebrate Hanukkah and Kwanzaa at the same time!
I love /pol/.
If only
I'd vote for him and I'm not even American.
What does "based" mean?
O sweet sweet marinara saviour of white souls deliver slavery please
Use Urbandictionary for a definition, look up "lil b" on Wikipedia for context.
[deleted]
You are trying too hard.  Go mow the lawn or no allowance to buy more animes with, son.
2edgy4me.
Sigh, a month, at least, of this unoriginal 3edgy5me racist bullshit.  
OP pays heightened insurance rates for living on the edge. 
so many braves

I was expecting more wheezing and heavy breathing..
I laughed.
Col Sanders staring into your soul as you read
As a Colonel named Sanders, I can confirm this story is 110% fried and true.
...and finger-licking good.
seems accurate
[deleted]
get it all out on the internet before school starts again and you get clowned by the niggers at  your high school. look on the bright side anon, only one more year right? then you can just stay in your parent's basement all day.
He'll have the last laugh though.... He's white.
You're looking at it all wrong.  Thesheen was using that word as a term of endearment.  
No no no, he's secretly hoping this will get the attention of the black guy at school he has a crush on. 
He leterally wants black people to procreate.
10/10 would read. 
i laughed too hard at this
My stomach hurts now.
[deleted]

Not guilty doesn't equal innocent btw. .I do agree with the verdict however. The "white people are trying to keep the black man down" rants are coming. 
Did he go to civil court yet?
Are you fuckin daft m8

holy shit, chuck mangione is a real thing, i thought he was just a random running joke from king of the hill..TIL I guess.
YOU DIDN'T KNOW!?
no fuckin idea
YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
not guilty does equal innocent, that's the very definition of not guilty.
Not guilty means there wasn't enough evidence to convict him, it does not mean he didn't commit the crime, which is what would make him innocent.
He didn't commit a crime, he defended himself, not illegal..He didn't commit murder, he protected his own life.
Im guessing you cant fight either.  What grown man needs protection from a child? Fucking faggots.
GZ is 5'8, thugvon was 6'3, and a football player who liked to fight.
I wasn't trying to say he was guilty or innocent, I was just explaining the difference between not guilty and innocent.
Zimmerman was a dipshit that put himself in harms way and escalated a situation. That said, I don't think he was guilty of murder. I'm going to get flames from both sides on this...proceed
I agree
Why the fuck is this posted here?
cus your mothers twat, thats why.
i cant wait to see Seffner riot police out dealing with the chimpout, lets see some nignogs beaned with gas grenades in the head.
Careful what you say, buddy. Youve already said your address in another of your threads.
ITS HAPPENING ITS HAPPENING ITS HAPPENING ITS HAPPENING ITS HAPPENING ITS HAPPENING ITS HAPPENING ITS HAPPENING ITS HAPPENING ITS HAPPENING ITS HAPPENING ITS HAPPENING ITS HAPPENING ITS HAPPENING ITS HAPPENING ITS HAPPENING ITS HAPPENING ITS HAPPENING 

it's ok, I have a gun also..might be the next zimmerman, omg....
A person is still dead, FYI.
a hoodrat, no real loss..he was destined for prison eventually.
I haven't followed the case as much, I'm not American, from what I heard it was an unfortunate accident- did the victim have a lengthy criminal record or your just spewing a un educated opinion ? 
he was suspended numerous times for weed in his locker at school, his GF said ON THE STAND that he liked to fight, he was goin to prison eventually..had weed in his sytem when they did the autopsy.
Ok, weed isn't a huge deal where I live but I take it is in your state... Still not seeing the kid as a massive criminal ill have to google more- I trust the American legal system tho but that being said I'm Canadian :) 
I just think the most damning evidence is the GF saying Trayvon liked to fight, he was violent, end of discussion.
Good logic OP..OP you're 3edgy7me.

[deleted]
3edgy5me.I think I cut myself.
3edgy6me
I saw him drop his fedora, but he won't take it back.
don't cut yourself...
nfsw u faget.
You misspelled faggot

on blue boards on 4chan (which /k is) nsfw content is not welcome





Sauce? 
 
Xpost to r/MURICA
Fucking pickles. 
what is wwjd?
What would Jesus do
I call bull, overweight obese people who live off the government are democrats.

Habeeb it!

This is true story
So Obamacare, something designed to improve healthcare, completely removes medical help.
Of all the things that didn't happen this didn't happen the most
Thank you.
Obama
this is the funniest thing i have ever read
I dont get it. Please explain.
i don't get your legubri
America. Fat. 
rest of world. jealous.
[deleted]
Cancer 2.0 has come.
shut up you fucking giant faggot
Ugh, pickles
Wow! Another completely original idea about posting about fat Americans. It loses it's fun after a while.
McDonald's still supersizes?
Not after Super size Me came out
I thought they just couldn't ask you if you wanted yours that way anymore?
Nope, we got rid of it..I'm STILL pissed about that. I want my BUCKET of FRIES!
I thought they just changed the size names, not the acutal portion size.  SuperSized became Large, Large became Medium, Medium became Small, and Small became Value Size or removed completely.  I believe Wendy's did this first and McD and BK followed suit shortly after.
Dude, that would be AWESOME. Also like super sterotypical of America..But no, they just nixed the Super Size. Everything else remained the same (At least on McDonalds. I have no clue if Wendy's or BK did the same because I don't eat there as often).
How novel. OP hates America like dirty hippies from 50 years ago.
i don't think you "get" reality
No he's a proud, 650lb American. Didn't you read it?
reading this felt like watching an epic trailer for a movie.don't know but i'm excited now
We must watch what happens and prepare for the war.
Prepare brothers.
Anybody with access to KTLA news could have told you that
I feel like he's leaking information about a new video game or something. Kind of like the Pokbeach leaks over in r/pokemon
Russia and Israel are about to have a nice little face off because of israel sinking another russian arms freighter.

Areyouawizard.jpg
The day of redemption is at hand...REPENT!...and thou shall be saved...

Nostradamus visits 4chan?
If I had access to information like that I would go and release it to a bunch of neckbeards and social outcasts.
Had me until Australia supported US over China...
Why is that?
because their shithole country depends a lot on China economically.

Had me until Australia supported US over China...  ( ^_^) .Let me fix that for you (automated comment unflipper) 
oh my god this is hilarious...s d
s d
You need to answer for that shitty . post before you can continue.
xu>
p o>
sodn 0001 b ,upp  bud>
So does ours. If war broke out between China and Australia, Australia is not only close enough that it would matter (relatively speaking, they're not really close to anything), but Australia has been one of our strongest allies, especially since 9/11. They've been alongside us since WWI. Why would they suddenly join the Chinese over us?
Glad I live in Canada.
Because an FBI agent would give "top secret" information to a bunch of virgins on the internet
Or even waste his/her time on 4chan
I know I shouldn't be, but this freaks me out kind of a lot.
China's government isn't going to fail that easily, it's probably the most rock-solid government on this planet..No country with A-bombs want to wage war at all with eachother.
Hope he isn't right about war.
Yea. I've got a backpack for a crazy situation like this, but shit, I never want to use it!
What's in your backpack?
Too many things to state off the top of my head. It's water proof with things like dryer lint and fire steel, batteries, knives, a watch that keeps the date, rope, flashlights. Pretty much a camping backpack. I just added an aperture that goes to a movie theatre projector that has a crazy strong magnification on it. It starts smoking instantly with the sun.
Wait, yesterday was the 13th, nothing happened -_-
What do you mean? Today is the 13th central time. I think he was stating the Zimmerman trial verdict, which was made on the 13th
-___________________________-
dragon dildo
If that was the case, he'd want to use it.
If you look . closely, you can see a troll. 
Yea, I should know better ha
 
freal

Such is the art of the troll. Leave tiny signs that people scan-reading will miss the first time around. Maybe.
HL3 confirmed.
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in Star Fleet Academy, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on your mom's panty drawer, and I have over 300 confirmed fingerbangs. I am trained in warp coil ejecting and Im the farthest standing pisser in the entire Federation. You are nothing to me but just another fuel source. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on your Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over subspace? Think again, internet white knight. As we speak I am erecting 9876 firewalls and your IP is being traced right now from more than 8 proxies so you better prepare for the lasers, n00b. I'll mod_write del -s the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking deleted, Joshua H. Matheson, age 34, Male, single, 3rd shift labor at Krogers in Mississippi. YFW no truck to go muddin. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can beam you into over seven hundred different locations, and thats just with just a mouse and powerglove. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to add millions of internet explorer toolbars to your browser of choice, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the ultimate price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre fucking dead, Kahn.
Seriously, raisedbysheep, kill yourself. This is getting fucking annoying.
You are soooo 2 days late. Regardless, I appreciate your contribution to the pile of rustled jimmies. 
Jimmies not rustled. Just annoyed.
Cool story, bro. The best part was when you got your rimmies justled and explained to me how the bait tasted annoying. I was overall entertained and I would read your reply again, or recommend it to a friend (whichever may apply.) Press "2" for Espanol. Press "3" for Copypasta. Press "4" to repeat these options.
7676
Pretty much anyone could have told you Zimmerman would win. This is a load of crap.
Yeah the prosecution's case was based completely on emotion and circumstantial evidence, it has been all over the news that he was most likely going to get a not guilty verdict.
Exactly, the Florida gun laws it allows you to shoot anyone in self defense without fear of getting in trouble.
Well he got the date right. I guess . something.
But even if Zimmerman lost the White Hispanics would have rioted and lead to this.  
Yeah and everybody knew more than two weeks ago the day the verdict would be announced.
/mu/? I don't go there often but this belongs in /b/ or something 
Smash her back doors in, immediately go to throatfuck, then blast a bukkake-size nut straight into her eyes. .Serious pain and humiliation in 3 quick steps.

Beta fucking pussy, learn to boss a woman.
"YOU GONNA TAP OR AM I GONNA SIT HERE ALLLLLL NIGHT?!"
My sides
While I doubt the validity of the story as a whole, I wholeheartedly agree that women are the most frustrating things on the planet.
She's probably cheating on him with a black guy as you read this. 
Should have put her in the sharpshooter 
Saw this on a thread in /b/, copypasta fag.
This guy has hit the next dimension of autism
She wanted you to yoke her up, faggot.
Hurt me more, I've been waiting for this pain..
That escalated quickly.
[deleted]

I died at walls of Jericho. 10/10
She probably died of internal bleeding.
When in doubt... Y2J
Give that bitch the people's elbow.
I don't even understand what he was doing with her.. 
Clearly OP should have decked her face
"I am the best, in the world, at what I do."
Here is a list of video links collected from comments that redditors have made in response to this submission:

Slap her ass, pull her hair, bite her neck, rake her back. Fuck OP, you could have done about anything else and succeeded 
SEX IS JERICHOOO
BREAK DOWN THE WALLS OF JERICHO! 
BREAK THE WALLLLSSSS DOOOOOOOOOOWWWWNNNN!!! clearly he should have tried a single leg boston crab wouldn't have been so intense for her
That got me
sometimes it's just the little things
Should have given her the People's Elbow instead.
anon...you went full retard. 
Because clearly /b/ is the source of all originality.
BREAK DA WALLS DOWN!
She just wanted to be spanked!
 would love this
For reference 
I now understand the position he employed to bring on the 'serious pain'... ouch.
see that isn't painful at all. I was picturing he was behind her like doggy style and broke her back in that way
If they really lock it in, it can be excruciating.
"BAH GAWD KING! HE'S GONNA RIP HER IN HALF!!!"
That relationship will NEVER . be the same, .!
DOI!
I think Nancy Benoit liked the same thing. But Chris held the Crippler Crossface on a bit too long...
She didn't tap its all her fault
nah, benoit was just a heel looking for some cheap heat.
B-B-BREAK THA WALLS DOWN
One of my favorite intro songs.
Same, together with the jeri-sho and old randy orton one (even though i hate him, hahaha)
oh my fuck. 
not sure what he did wrong here. 
It still wasn't enough pain. She gave him a second chance, and he blew it.
I think he may have killed her.
It needs to be kinky pain
Perhaps it was when he started to dislocate her hip.
A few slaps on the face or a light choke would have done the job.
seeing as he used marceline in his post, maybe he should have bitten her neck
I don't get the "Walls of Jericho" part.
It's one of 1004 submission holds that a wrestler named Jericho uses.
That's what makes it funny. I read it, forgot what it was, rememered it, and pictured it and laughed my ass off
 signature move. 
Thanks, it made no sense to me without this knowledge. I looked it up, but all I found was some rock band. .Now it all makes sense.
incorrect. she got exactly what she asked for. bitch needs to work on her communication skills.

Rookie mistake. 
German Suplex isnt even a submission hold...

Just ask Nancy and Daniel

Tap        Water
yummy yummy
Fucking Chavo. 
pick one
It's a wrestling move.

Isn't that the Boston crab? You damn kids and your fancy new wrestling move names. 
It's a modified version. Jericho is hardly a new wrestler either.
Yeah, its a modified Boston Crab. A real Walls of Jericho should be a bit higher up.
I remember when it was more upright and twisty than just sitting on their back.
that does not look painful at all? How inflexible do you have to be to not be able to bend stuff the way it's supposed to be bent? 
The idea is that it bends your back the wrong way, not your legs. Obviously, they're not going to pull all the way since they're not trying to kill each other. Someone posted it already, but the ., which is just a modified version, shows it better.
Uhhh Chris Jericho was wrestling 20 years ago
I thought he debuted right around the turn of the millennium (hence his early "Y2J" gimmick).
He debuted in 1990.
No shit?!  Well thanks for clearing that up, haha.  God damn, that guy's been around forever.  I guess he just looks young.
Yeah he's still got it! He's looking even younger nowadays.
For real.  And still one of the best.  Funny, too.  A pleasure to watch.
one of the all-time best. ARMBAR

OH FUCK that looks painful
not really, your legs are suppose to bend that way, have someone do it to you, its more of a stretch then painful
Yeah your legs. but your back? Nope
Looks painful, sure, but it's not that painful of a move.  His modified version, called the lion tamer, involves him kneeing down his opponents head. He uses rarely because it can cause damage 
I'm gonna have to disagree. If somebody really bends back and locks it in, that can make you scream.
Pretty much my go to move when messing around with mates, its one of those moves that can just be a hold or do serious damage
my go-to is the Figure Four. was rough-housing with my dad when i was younger and legit almost broke his leg. bout dat leverage
My massive brother succumbs to that hold way too easy
Except it's fake, so nothing does any damage, ever. .Don't waste your time replying, someone ..
I don't feel that response was nearly good enough.... here is a 25 minute filibuster about wrestling being real 
IT'S STILL REAL TO ME DAMN IT!
The best Liontamers are when he would put his shin on their head and jam his knee into their back, looked brutal.
That's really wrong.  These people still get the relative shit beaten out of them.
Thanks. It made no sense to me without this. Actually looked up Walls Of Jericho only to find some metalcore band.
Assumed they were screamo and his girlfriend was wailing.
The oddest thing about this post is that he posted it to /mu/... 
The LEAST oddest thing about this is that it was posted on /mu/.
Apparently you've never been there then...
Well Jericho is a musician.
I expect no more nor less of /mu/.
I pissed myself when I saw "I'm worried, /mu/" I was sure it was /fit/ until then
You can't tell by the color scheme? 
He's obvious casual. 
/mu/ is like /fit/ twin brother. They sometimes stay on-topic, but 90% of the time it's feels threads about being a loser and having no gf.Oh, and autism
Actually, ever since we got a sticky, feels threads don't really happen anymore.....It's weird.
So, like, have you actually been on /mu/? Because over the past week, I've only seen one or two off-topic threads. 
shig

Oh shit is going down now!
so /v/
Nope /r9k/
so 4chan
Why don't I see any upvotes in this sub? It's just +1 for every comment
[deleted]
about 2 days. minus a day
scores hidden for 24 hours after posting the comment
That's so stupid lol.
Because Karma is for bundles of sticks.  
And OP.
That's redundant, chucklefuck.
It's so you form your own fucking opinion
Hey kid fuck you, leave me alone
Stop projecting bro.
N-nno..
Why can't this shit just stay in /adv/ where mootykins intended cancer to spread
Just don't get overly autistic about this, anon.
It's the gay test.Gay people can't see upvotes in this sub
Haha you're gay you queer faggot cancer donkey dick.
u fukin wot m8
That man's name? Albert Einstein.
/thred
/inbred
Usually people say," this made my day." but me?, made my life..
You don't get out much, do you?
I'm always out! Why do you say that
Creative AF
A true alpha(the guy who gave him money)
Wut.

.tuW
n
wot
Don't all roofs look like tents?
op seems foreign as fuck, probably lives in some country with weird roofs
As a foreigner, I can confirm because we all jerk off while on all fours legs.
Yeah hes probably some sort of Canadian
Annnnnnnnddddddddddd that's enough internet for today.
aaaaannnnnndddddd...... i cried
Damn, that was like a feels gauntlet
Fuck, I just bawled my eyes on three separate times in that album. 
Started bawling at the cat poem
Couldn't stop after that
Feels :'(........
I teared up. The feels man.
I didn't ask for these feels x.x
God fucking damn it. 
God what a bunch of pussies
Oh god the feels.
Honestly most of this is bland cliche shite..E: Just read more and want to vomit this is Facebook repost shite..
E2: Oh fuck the suicide world is your oyster thing, what a gigantic, ignorant, awful misunderstanding of the suicidal brain..
E3: Ok mostly faggotry..
E4: Dog one made me tear up, fuck. 
The one where the guy prepaid to have flowers sent every valentine's day is fucked up..All he did was ensure that his wife would basically never move on, and feel shitty for the rest of her life..I think at some point the widow would be faced with the extremely hard task of telling them to stop sending her flowers, at some point.
God fucking dammit that second to last one ruined it for me.
Fuck.
Number 7 is retarded.
What the fuck is this? This is just a bunch of stuff I could find on tumblr. The only 4chan relation is that some 14 year old on /b/ called out to other 14 year olds asking them to post stuff. And an occasional macro that is posted on 4chan a lot, as well as a few greentext stories..Seriously, this is fucking shit.
Made it to the bottom with tears in my eyes.
Saddest shit I've ever read gg
Just think I'll leave this here: 
all my mom did was call me and check up on my while she was on vacation and I've never fought so hard to hold back tears and cracked voice on the phone. i cherished every word.
The flowers one got me. Damn!
dude wtf, the homer one got to me...
r/feel
Fuck, that Vietnam memorial one almost made me cry..I didn't even cry at my grandma's funeral.
...god damnit
wasn't this a Breaking Bad plotline?
The fucking dog one.
I cried for real.
the soldier and his brother hit me right in the feels, I haven't teared up like that in a while
There are hundreds of these threads on /fit/ and /b/ every day. why the fuck does this have so many upvotes?
Op has feels? With a username like that?
I miss my Mama. I miss her so much. I hated living in a girls home, and these feels brought me straight back to those miserable years leaving everything behind.
This hurts.
I lost it at the suicide note and just cried so hard for some reason at Frank the cat
I Can Has Cheeseburger Cat died 6 years ago?!
why did i have to read every single one im practically crying i didnt want to feel these feels at work....
I got the feels when remembering watching Edward Penis Hands on vhs....
I had to put my cat down about a week ago. Seeing the kid with his dog was really hard.
I never asked to feel these feels
):
goodbye dad.
Fuck this fucking shit bthe one with the dog made me loose it
I'm just sitting here bawling my eyes out instead of going to bed.
Oh jeez my name is Tim Jones that one was really weird.

Human after all.
Why do you play my feels like a drum?
That cat letter....
When I saw #33 all I could think of was Jesse Pinkman.
That dog one, just... I don't even know anymore
Of that was my dog and me, oh my...
Fuck I'm at work. I can't be reading this type of shit. Pretending to yawn and wipe the tears away get old pretty fast 
I haven't cried in years, up til I looked through this album..
.
All I can say now... Is fuck war. The man standing at the memorial, and his friends reflections are shown in the gloss... gets me every fucking time.... God damn it
Well, that's my day fucking ruined.
Ow.
Repost or not, or whatever the hell. Now i have a reason to want to sleep. Night op.
The brother going off to iraq, the teen's voicemail, and the one with the six shooter all got me, because they're relevant or at least semi-relevant to my life.
Love this shit. Right in the fucking feels man.
38 really got me
I was okay until #33
That whole thread should come with an RX of zoloft..Dat depression after viewing.
R.I.P Happy Cat
The note that the dying father wrote to his son has me crying like i did after we disconnected my fathers phone and I couldnt hear his voice anymore...damn them feels
I just...
The Simpsons one gets me every time. 
The only one that made me feel anything was the letter from the father to his young son.
I normally don't feel for these threads, but God dammit. I've feeled more than once in 10 minutes
Brutal stuff, anons.
Why did she move the dash in the mom tattoo one
I didn't ask for any of this.
Damn.  Best post I've seen in a while.  
Why did I actually go through the whole thing? I can't stand these feels.
Somehow, the poem about the cat got me. 
I'm just gonna go hug my kitty now.
Am I the only one who hates the word 'feels'?
why did you do this to me?
The one that says "You're not acting like the person Mister Rogers knew you could be" really struck a chord with me for some reason.  I grew up watching that man, and he really was one of the good guys.  There are only a few allowed in the world at any one time, I think.  
fucking cried on that dog pic.
God... the picture of the first and last day with the dog.... too much feels,  I just want to go and never let go of my dog now.
That diddily feelerino 
Thanks for ruining my day.
The picture where the younger brother sends his older brother off to war and then kisses his casket always hits me hard as fuck..I don't even have any close friends or relatives in the service.
oh god the flowers on valentine's day. oh man.
Number 35. Shit, that hit hard.
That damn note from the father almost made me lose my shit
OP put in funny pictures to break the mood a little..OP is most certainly not a faggot.
Oh no he is, these threads happen all the fucking time and serve no purpose to be compiled here except for karma 
Fuck my feels...
Dat Ariel with no panties...yes. 
Well, at least now I know I'm not totally insensitive. Fuck, I need a drink...
I saw the Zelda one a while back, it still hurts.
And not a single feel was felt that day..Jesus. There's something wrong with me.
Lack of empathy, seems like.
That one with the solder going back for his squad mate. Holy shit. I shouldn't be reading these at work. 
I'm actually crying. Every post really hit me hard, especially losing my mother so recently.
what fucking faggotry
Strong feels, this really hit me hard. Left a lump in my throat.
OMG DAE RIGHT IN THE FEELZ?
This would be the appropriate answer.
No. 28, sauce?
Yeah they say it gets easier but it doesn't
Some people like reading these stories to remind them what being sad is like and maybe give some people some motivation to make relationships right or rethink how they see things.
That'd be fine if it was it something like . or something. But this is ., and it doesn't belong here.
Except 4chan regularly has these types of threads so I don't know what you're trying to get at. This is . not /r/b/
There are 53 images. Lets break it down:.Is this related to 4chan? Yes, but it contributes nothing to this sub. If I said "here's an image I found on 4chan" and nothing in the image was related to 4chan, is it still postable? Yes, but it contributes nothing..Saged, hidden and reported. 
is there a TL;DR ver?
Tl;dr you're an illiterate faggot
I feel your feels bro. I had to stop there for a while before I could keep going. I haven't felt goosebumps like that for a very long time.
I kind of agree and disagree. I think as time moved on assuming she still had others in her life like family and friends she would look forward to every valentines day as she would always be remembered and never forgotten. 
 amount of faggotry..Lets all just upload our 4chan folder and spread the cancer.
Do you americanfags actually get moved by these soldier shit? How about the kids these fuckers kill there?
I agree dude, but if I spend my life seeing every side of everything, I'd hate myself and everything else
I will have to put my cat down in the next few days. Same feels here.
I feel with you anon. Hang in there.
Thought I was the only one...


I lost it at 33 with the girl listening to the guy's voicemail. As a teen, this is my biggest fear for my family.
the last airbender one got me hard in the feels
Could you explain what was happening in it?
Basically he's an uncle to an antagonist in the show and he had a son die in a war. He treated his nephew like his son and always seemed happy. One episode he goes back to the city his son died in and set up a little shrine, and it is the first time you see the uncle sad and in tears. It may not seem like a good explanation, but if you watch the show you would understand it better, I recommend watching it, it's really good.
I think I understand. I had watched the first season, but that was a while back. Is the first picture a flashback?
yup
Ah, I understand the feels now.
Its on netflix, I really enjoyed it
Sadly, I don't have netflix. I did watch around 70-80% of the first season with a friend on netflix, and scavenged the internet for the remaining episodes of that season. Not worth my time to find them all. I'll eventually watch them.
:)
Do so, one sexy giraffe, the show only gets better
overfeel mode:

This video needs a warning on it. ALL the feels
I think I'm done for the day...
Fuck... Just god fucking damnit.....My chest hurts....My body aches.....And... And the worst part is that some deep part of me likes that....
"But I would feel 500 times and I would feel 500 more" 
aaaand i'm in tears in the middle of work.
No.25 his name was John Johnston _
MAn, those military ones. My dad was in the army, I guess that's why? But I've never felt that way before. Fucking hell, the things you'll cry at.
Wow...that was a good one 
Fuck. once you get to about the 30th picture it gets really difficult to keep it together
As someone who recently got a puppy, no. 49 is hard to look at.
I know the feeling! I just adopted one but she's back in Texas with my gf for the weekend. I can't even go give my puppy a much needed hug after this post!
I don't know why I even looked at this....49 got me the most.
For fuck's sake, I'm about to go to the gym, and this is what I fucking read before hand?
WHO IS CUTTING ONIONS AROUND HERE?
Not sure if circlejerk post.
No, this thread really made me cry.
The last gif explains this thread perfectly.
Why did I read this on a Friday afternoon. Friday night ruined
the one about depression/suicide is horseshit. whoever wrote that doesn't understand why a person is driven to suicide in the first place.
I finished reading the "sometimes" picture and broke out in tears. I'm so damn lonely these days.
Does anyone remember that one that talks about that girl always being mean to her military boyfriend, and then he deploys and dies?  It was like "But you didn't" or something close to that... Its been in the feels compilations before I think.
here ya go man
Thanks man! This is the one!
My Grandma just recently got diagnosed with cancer. My dog is nearing the end. They both hit me so hard after seeing these. Fuck its difficult...
fuck...
All this feels
I didn't ask for this...
Shit nigga you expect me to read all that?
Someone tell me all these are fake. Please.
Actually, they were all in the thread.
Hey man, fuck you! I came on reddit to laugh, not feel feelings!
Picture nine really hit me hard. If it makes anyone feel better, I remember seeing picture 32 with the soldiers on ., and they both somehow managed to make it out alive.  
I'm not even going to lie, picture 9 made me tear up quite a bit.
The last post explains the story.

And here... although the reason we drifted is because of the girl. Even when I do see him, it'll never be the same. He's alive, but I mourne for our friendship.
This is gay and depressing. Imma go play San Andreas. 
ah damn finally teared up at 25. Feels...
I want to go hug my cat right now.

Go do it. I have to put mine down in a few days. Go hug your cat for me.
STOP MAKING ME CRY.

They're... . they're FAKE!! They have to be . fake! 
Tattoo note from mom, so many feels. I miss my mom too.
It's not a feels thread if there's funny stuff.
I thought I could make it to the end without tears but, as a police officer, the second to last one made me pepper spray a van full of hippies.
This was hard to masturbate to.
Citation needed.
Stay on YouTube. 
But not impossible.
thats the spirit 
Read this with In The Air Tonight playing in the background.
Too many feels were had.
Same, but with Walking After You by Foo Fighters playing in the background. It was like someone was cutting onions the whole time.
Two Doors Down by Dwight Yoakam
I watched this while listening to This is your life by Dio, trust me, it is like having a knife stabbed into you over and over.
Strawberry Swing by Coldplay or El Manana by Gorillaz are horrible songs to listen to while reading this.
How could you leave us by John Ottman
You know... that picture of the two fallen soldiers struck such a chord with me. .Fuck. 
Just so you know, there was an article about them that said they survived with minor wounds.  Still, it's a big impact.
If you're kidding with me, you're in trouble...
I'm not.   I saw this picture in a different subreddit a little while back.  And someone posted the article in the comments here somewhere.  I like to take a little comfort in that fact.
God damnit the beach one got me the worse. 
The DayZ one always gets me..Either Russians are the bro'est or they act like little shits.
That one hit me harder than I expected it to.
The dog one got me hard...i'm sitting at my desk tearing up because i did the same thing with my dog a month ago :.(
No disrespect.. But commas make a world of difference...
It's a special feel, isn't it? Not like regular grief
It got you hard didnt it? (Phrasing!)
That then the woman with her soldier right after. I can't handle those feels.
The art teacher one got me, freaking douchebags! 
Shit nigga what you doin
It's frontpaged with at least 700 points net. Fuck this gay earth. 
I lost it at Edward Dick-hands.
How is he supposed to masturbate?!
Clap
Are you retarded?
Mayhap 
The 'pro-life' and 'fuck the police' ones were random..
They were probably trying to lighten the mood.
The pro life one was important to me actually. I am pro-choice, pretty much since I learned about the concept of abortion. I had never thought of the situation from the perspective before. It didn't change my view, but it did make me pause for a while an review the concept and its implications. I am glad I saw that image today.
There are . to consider something "life" in science. .1 Nutrition/feeding - It must be able to sustain itself
2 Growth - It must be able to mature
3 Movement - It must be able to move by itself
4 Respiration/breathing - It must be able to have a system that is a means of releasing energy from food
5 Reproduction - It must be able to reproduce on its own
6 Sensitivity - It must be able to sense environment
7 Excretion - It must be able to release its waste.As you can see a fetus does not meet all the criteria, but a simple cell does. I am not pulling for any side of this issue. I am simply stating scientific theories which are at play in the picture. 
what? no. it's completely retarded..no one is saying that a foetus isn't 'life'. of course it is. as is the weed in your back garden, as are the bacteria that gave you that cold, and as was the section of cow sitting on your dinner plate..it's no perspective at all, unless you believe that anyone can have a serious objection to harming all of the above. the image makes no point whatsoever.
Yeah it's a pretty fucking stupid comparison. Like every time you're squeezing one off, you're murdering hundreds of millions of lives.
fuck the police... so many feels
Fuck this thread. My cat was just diagnosed with bone marrow cancer and there's nothing I can do. .I have to put her down in a few days and I can't deal with it..Fuck.
stay strong!.i lost a family dog this way when i was 12, i understand, just stay strong, talk to your close friends/family if you can. they can help you thru it.
It's ok man. I still think of my cat often. .It was St. Patty's day 2 years ago..We only had Mojo for a year. Best cat I've ever had. I lived with my brother at the time. He brought him home because a coworker of his found a tiny white and gray kitten in a dumpster barely able to move. .He was a complete menace! If you threw him across the room onto the other couch, he would run back to you and meow until you did it again. When we got home, he was there at the front door on the couch to meet you at hand-level waiting for you to pet him. He watched TV with us on "his spot" on the arm rest. He would walk with us in the backyard just to be outside with us, and then come back inside when we went back inside. When he didn't immediately follow us, we'd turn around and ask him if he wanted to come inside. Sometimes he'd acknowledge it and reluctantly come inside. Other times he simply turned his head - that was his sign that he wanted to stay outside and he'll let us know when he was ready to come back in. .Back to St. Patty's day. I go out with friends - as did my brother. Mojo decided earlier that he wanted to stay outside that night. I get a text around 1 am from my brother. I think he's drunk texting me. I read it thinking "wtf crazy shit is sending me?!" Text reads simply: "I got home tonight and found Mojo in the middle of the road. He was hit by a car. He didn't make it. I'm going to bury him in the morning."
I feel that feel, man. I recently had to put my dog down. I didn't even get to say goodbye.
I had my dog 16 years. 16. Got him Christmas morning when I was a lad. Named him Present. December 19th, 2010... I randomly kissed Present on his forehead and said goodnight and that I loved him. The next morning before work, I had the urge to kiss him goodbye and tell him I loved him again. I got home from work....he was fucking stone cold dead right where I had said my goodbyes. I honestly feel it was something greater, that ill never understand, that allowed me to say goodbye to my best friend, Present. 12/20/2010. Never forget. 

I had to put mine down the other day as well. I was there for his last seconds of life, but I don't know if that was a good idea... On one hand, I wanted to be there for him, but I'm constantly reliving that moment now, and it sucks. 
I woke up one morning and went down to see my dog. She had gotten sick in the night and my mom had taken her to the vet in the early morning, I was hoping to see if they were back. My mom was, but Penny wasn't. I hate that I wasn't able to say goodbye and I still cry thinking of her all alone in some room..I'm sure you were a huge comfort to your dog, I wish I could trade places with you.
My dogs name is Penny and we all know she doesn't have too much longer... I'm so scared of losing her while I'm in college and never getting to say goodbye 
My only advice would be to play with her as much as you can, visit often once your gone, and just flat out spoil her rotten with fun outings and affection while you can. Not only will she enjoy her life, but you'll have lots of fond memories and hopefully no regrets.
For some reason the cheezburger cat got me the most.
Does anyone know where to find the pics of the soldier going back for his squadmate? 
I think it's one of the top posts on .. IIRC, a sniper shot and wounded the soldier in the first picture knowing his friend would go back for him, and, when he did, shot him too. Don't quote me on that though, I'm drunk.
It's a common any military technique..5.56 was not designed to kill either, it was designed to makes deep injuries. Same goes for AP mines, etc...
1 dead = 1 less fighter.
1 injured = 3 less fighters (2 soldier are needed to carry the wounded), a lot of medical supplies/water needed, etc...
[deleted]
This is not correct..Sergeant 1st Class Miguel A. Wilson, 36, of Bonham, Texas, died Nov. 21 in Abu Sayf, Iraq, of injuries sustained during a rescue attempt of another soldier while their unit was conducting a dismounted reconnaissance mission. .Not sure about the other guy, but his would be rescuer was KIA
I believe you're right, it's actually a pretty common insurgent sniper technique. Fucked up. 
It is a common tactic particularly in the middle east because Islam encourages burial soon after death increasing the odds someone will attempt to retrieve the body.
It's a pretty common sniper tactic period, regardless of region. 
It's a pretty common any sniper technique.
Meryl!!!
It is a series of photos from the 2nd Battle of Fallujah in December 2004.. & 
Christ.
 tells the story of what happened in Fallujah excellently. The picture of the men hanging from the bridge is chilling.
Fuck, man, the 37th image...
Those last two photos are the saddest. 
Thank you for finding this. 
They both lived btw
How do you know?
I want to believe.
Thanks for that info.
I believe the guy on the ground on the right was killed, but the second guy shot survived. At least, it implies that in the caption under the image (#17) 
Shit, that was worth going through the whole thing. Thanks bro
The one with the person calling the number to hear their dead friends voice... That one hit so hard I'm so mad they took away my friends number I still have one video where you can hear him talk.
Oh wow, I didn't get that. I felt it more of a "please don't be true" kind of vibe. Like when my first dog died... Every morning for like a week, as soon as I woke up I'd run to the spot where we found him, hoping that if I got there soon enough I'd be able to save him.
This got me as well. My best friend died recently and I have nothing. They stopped his voice mail service pretty quickly.  All I want is to hear his voice one more time.
Wasn't that the end of BB season 1? Or beginning of season 2, I forget...
That's the first thing that came to my mind too! It was season 2 and it was probably the toughest moments for Jesse. I'm still upset about it.
I think it's the end of season 2. It's kind of funny I never realized I did the exact same thing with just calling hearing the message the hanging up and calling again. It must be a pretty common thing for people to do now that I think about it... Still sucked though.
Anything to hold onto that last shred...
Holy shit the drowning girlfriend story got me good
Gettin choked up thinking about it. 
That one probably hit the hardest for me too
New dad here, the note from a sick dad to his son. I lost it when he talked about his tools. 
Don't leave them.
It's weird how much things change when you become a dad. 
It really makes you appreciate what you have, doesn't it?
My name is Christopher. My dad died in 1999. That story got me, hard.
I lost my father when I was 7, I didn't get a chance to really know him as he was. The story hit me like a train.
Good tools.
You might consider rephrasing that
The kid likes what the kid likes.
hahaha. fuck.
The around the corner one got me because I can relate to that....He is not dead or anything but my best friend got himself a gf 2 years ago and since then a void has been growing between us, every day, every weekend he prefers to spend his time with her. Now we hardly talk anymore and not a day goes by when I miss how it all used to be...
Holy fuck... Rob?
Happens to the best of us man, they say a man loses two friends everytime he gets a new lady
Whoa dude, are you me? Exactly the same situation here...
here too
Don't be bitter Bobby
The around the corner one really got to me to. I joined the army and my best friend got a job with an oil company. We used to hang out and smoke weed every day up until I left for the army. I haven't talked to him since I went home on leave last time like two years ago. I always mean to call just to see how things are going but I never get around to it.
Do it. 
Do it right now.
Do it, fagg--.Do it, friend.
They grow up so fast, I'm proud of you
The life on Mars / pro-choicer one might be the stupidest thing I've seen on the internet in weeks.
It's fucking retarded. It has nothing to do with "being alive". That's a huge straw man those anti-women idiots try to build. Bacteria are alive. Trees are alive. Yeast is alive. Nobody claims that an embryo isn't alive. It's about being a person. A clump of cells alone isn't a person, no matter if we are talking about an embryo or a piece of yeast.
Exactly. You can't switch between scientific and legal definitions at your leisure. It's a complete non-sequitur
Yeah, I seriously fucking hate those. I don't understand why "pro-life" even exists in the first place, but then again there are people who believe a floating sky man created the Earth and all humans.
Dude you should check out 
Faggot
As someone who used to be non-religious pro-life, it was mainly because I reasoned that an unborn human should still be considered a human, and granted all human rights including the right to not be murdered. After much intensive thought, I decided that it was more logical to be pro-choice, and that my pro-life side was based in emotion rather than logic.
<------------- . is that way. 
The random memes placed inbetween the feels really ruined this post for me.
Happy is a feel too.
Comic relief. It's to lighten the mood for a bit, so the rest of feels can dig deeper.
That first mr Rogers picture had me laughing for like 5 minutes straight. Just what I needed. 
I came here for feels though 
This.  Really needed the wheelchair basketball dream crusher.
The lonely Minecraft one really did it for me
That dog one did me in
i was feeling a little bit here and there and that one did really hurt but the one that got me was the pictures of the two soldiers. He was just trying to save his buddies life.
The two soldiers made it out actually, if it's any consolation.
Wtf is prolife shit doing there?
There's a couple of other trolly ones in there too.
The Mr. Rogers ones. He has a magic trolly in his house.
Life begins at erection. FACT. 
Exactly. No one says those cells aren't life. We just say that they are just that, cells.
Also, those cells are probably self-sustainable and aren't part of a larger organism from which they are supplied all the nutrients to support life.
What people don't understand is that the argument isn't that a fetus isn't made of human cells until it is born, It's retarded to even conjure up that anyone would believe that..The argument is one of .. Micro-organisms like in the picture aren't sentient, that's far beyond the capabilities of anything that small..Now, the other thing: There aren't two camps, some people agree with abortion but not as to as late a stage as in picture. 
Is masturbation mass murder?
Amputation is suicide. 
If we look at a prolife perspective, we can say that every sperm cell is half a life so yes. 
Every sperm is half a life... masturbated 3 times today... Half-Life 3 confirmed!
That's only Half Life 1.5. You just confirmed Half Life: Opposing Force. Try masturbating 3 more times.
Not sure if this is true, but I'm on it anyway! 
pics?
Prolife perspective only cares about the zygote, not the sperm. didn't do to well in high-school biology did you. 
That's the point. To create a zygote, you need an egg and a sperm. If a zygote is a life then the sperm and egg must be half lives. The point of this argument is that if we move to a cellular level, the pro-life argument makes even less sense. No one is arguing that a developed child in the womb is or is not a human life, we have gotten to the point that we are arguing with these nutjobs that ZYGOTES, fertilized eggs are also humans lives. It's ridiculous and to combat ridiculousness we have to use absurd arguments also. In Ethics, I did graduate from high school, we spent most of the semester talking about abortion. The best way to regulate it is exactly the way it is now. There is nothing wrong with you wanting to stop a pregnancy, unless you are fucking insane. 
They don't teach prolife bullshit in school here as if it were science.
Teaching sexual reproduction is prolife bullshit?
No of course not, but explaining the prolife (ugh what a stupid word) standpoint shouldn't be in the high-school curriculum.
A zygote is alive by any scientific definition, and has its own unique human DNA. .There is no magical point at which it becomes "more human."
Of course there is! Think about how dNA works. It's sort of how the Windows or Mac OS works. It has a basic code and updates are added on. At its core though it is the basic OS it shipped with. Our DNA is some ancestral creature's DNA  with the mutations that make us human added on. There are a few evolutionary biologists and paleontologist a that are using this information to "bring back" dinosaurs. There is a TEDTalk called "Fixing the Chicken" that can explain it better than I. I've read about it personally for years but only recently did I find this talk. It's actually really cool. Have you heard of those people that are born with tails? That's actually an example of this. We all begin to grow tails a little, we find evidence of this in our tail bone, but at some point a gene or "update" tells our DNA to stop growing it. Sometimes, the gene fails to be recognized or the "update fails", this causing a kid with a tail. The best part is that we can use this to find genes that cause aging and all sorts of problems! I highly recommend you watch this TEDTalk. 
Too bad a zygote isn't life because it is unable to replicate and perform the other duties of life on its own, unlike an amoeba 
Most humans under 12 can't replicate.
Did we say they were alive?
They can try god damn it. They can try...
But they can sustain themselves until they are able to replicate.
Okay good to know I can stop feeding my 6 month old nephew. I'm sure he'll sustain himself. 

You should tell your theories to any respectable scientific establishment. Please videotape the part where they laugh so hard they have to go to a hospital.
Their cells can. And the bigger organism supplies these cells with energy. 
Exactly, and while technically a fetus's cells do replicate it's only because of another technically separate organism that allows them to survive. 
Well that just makes them a parasite
Dammit, why am I doing this to myself? I suppose it's better than feeling nothing at all.
If I could feel another feel I would
has anybody made a flanders gif of him going "feels like im feeling, nothing at all, nothing at all, nothing at all"
That's why I like sad stuff. I hate feeling like an unemotional bastard all the time. These help me feel human.
9/10 quote still a fggt
cool it, dexter.
shut up deedee
Them feels, /b/rother. .Them feels.
My everything. Stay strong, /b/rother..and now, off to work.
Also on the list of things that happened...
I'm not sure why you would get arrested for that.
Walking into a resteraunt covered in blood and holding a gun?
Anon is Batman
This is just more proof Zimmerman is innocent.
Youre retarded
Did mommy get you a computer yesterday or what?
I just lost my shit so hard, thanks for the laugh.  
so cropping
Since Marvel has decided to make Spider-Man ghey, for the universe to return to balance, Zimmerman has to become the new Punisher.
OP..l2c.
Saving this and showing it to my grandkids one day
My sides are in orbit 
Faggot
Fuck 4chan! Y'all fuckers wouldn't be bold enough to put it on FB or say something like that in public.
You have commited crimes against the internet and her people. What say you in your defense?

I'm with the faggots guild. (12 gold)
Eat my shorts
Suck. 4Chan's. And. My. Dick.
Kiss my clit hoe!
Only if you suck first
Okai

FTFY
Bullshit! Zimmerman glows in red, white, and blue!
Nigs gonna nig, Is someone butt flustered?
cropped version for 
This was a good post, but I'm still baffled at how someone got a terrible cropping job in the . parts of the post. I've never seen inverse crapcrop like this before.
because you said baffled, ill explain. i did this on my phone, and cropped the picture. uploaded it to imgur. when i looked at it afterwards, it was centered in the bottom left corner, apparently on a canvas. never used the crop on my phone, which is a uselesss phone to begin with, but i still have no fucking clue how it happened. cropped it, looked normal on phone.  .didnt look normal on imgur. ive no clue.
Here, have a soothing sanitary napkin for that tender vagina you got there.


Fuckin lost it. Flim flam the zim zam
Genius. 
No matter how much you try, "you can't flim flam the zim zam" will never be as good as "you can't corner the Dorner". 
Only cause Dorner was first.
Too late, it's already won.
You can't simmer the zimmer
Yes
When the sun rises in the west and sets in the east, when the seas go dry and mountains blow in the wind like leaves. When your womb quickens again, and you bear a living child. Then you'll learn how to crop, and not before.
Took me awhile, but this is gold.  10/10
Just finished rereading the first book and it seemed appropriate.
Soooo about when Khal Drogo comes back to life?
That was beautiful. 
ever tried cropping on a windows 7 phone? the single most useless piece of techno-faggotry ive ever wasted money on.
So you're a faggot for buying the damn phone in the first place. 
Were all faggots, faggot.
[deleted]
Hey everyone, lets make out with the gay kid to show him how gay he is. 
Let's all let him lube us up & fuck us so he knows he's a faggot. 
You're just an idiot.
I knew my phone wasn't plugged in
Reverend Father Uncle Ruckus. No relation. 
LMFAO
shame they canceled the show
Jean Claude van Damme is the best martial artist in the world. He killed a man with his butt cheek power.
YLYL
What's the 4chan app called?
Theres no official one but i use "4chanexplorer" on android. 
There isn't one
This might have been the most racist thing I've ever read...cheers for showing me the next level.
Read that in his voice.Ruckus is love
Ruckus is life
Shit, maybe I should start watching this show
It's available for streaming on Netflix, but if you aren't subscribed, you can watch all 3 seasons 
You definitely should. My top episode is 'Tom, Sarah and Usher', but it's not one of the proper satirical ones. I just love me a bit of A Pimp Named Slickback.
They didn't though
Really? My friend told me they canceled it because it was too "racist"
Season 4 will probably come out next year. 
Fuck yea
lol'd/10
Read that in Uncle Ruckus' voice....
Not alone
kill yourself.
Almost like thats the entire fucking point of the post.
God i can't wait for the boondocks episode on this
I can already see it. Riley and his grandad go to a rally while Huey tries to explain to them.
I thought there were only 3 seasons?
Aaron McGruder plz get off reddit and keep writing the show
They're putting out a new season. But sure when. 
You gotta rotate your racist slurs. Now I know it's hard 'cause nigga just rolls off the tongue the way sweat rolls off a nigga's forehead.
We don't encourage staff to use racist slurs. Instead, we have them use hyphenated euphemisms, such as 'n-word' or 's-word'. 
"rolls off the tongue the way sweat rolls off a jimmy's forehead".Take your own advice
Had to have been Uncle Ruckus himself
  .Maybe its because of how he addresses the black people.
Because he's fucking right
That guy is amazing.

That is the most perfect answer I've ever seen.
That's a .jpg of moots tag

Which one's moot?  Is it the baby?  What did he say?  Could you please help me a bit?
There isn't a moot there
Really?  Hrm.  You think water is also wet?
"THIS STORY IS FAKE,FAKE,FUCKING STUPID!"
you cant simmer the zimmer
Do you browse gonewild and act surprised about the fact that it contains naked ladies?
I was predicting all the  retards about to say it. Thats what the quote was for. 
Obviously false. 
Inconsistensies.
No shit faggot
Zimmerman is the Jesus and Savior of America. 
Of course. Everyone knows Zimmerman comes and goes on a white steed before he shows up and departs.
In Austin, Texas, there's a specific call for the fire department when they're dispatched to help EMS with hoisting heavy patients: "assistance lifting". The call also has the estimated weight of the patient, so the call will be something like "Truck 16, assist EMS, in the county, assistance lifting, 500 pound patient." I'm sure everywhere has some variation on this these days. 
Most private EMS have bariatric trucks with motorized winches to ratchet the whale  in for flensing, I mean patient care. 
"Now that I'm skinny fat people disgust me" .-Internet and also a very true statement for me 
Here is a list of video links collected from comments that redditors have made in response to this submission:
We made two rum and cokes..... best part of the story 
I would like to thank you for giving me the most gloriously hilarious mental image, that I will now carry for the rest of my life. .Next time I'm having a bad day, I will remember the family that was so large, it caused its own traffic collision. 
I'm going to frame this on my wall. Every time I feel like life sucks, I will look at this and smile for days. 
Why didn't she pull out her phone and record the shit and put it in YouTube. Way better than circus music. Laughs for all. 
She did. There's a link in the greentext
Nope, that's the link of the circus music video.   The green text says she got her iPhone out and played this music, not that she recorded anything.
delicious
A ton is ~2000lbs its 1000kg, but what did I expect from 4chan...
A (metric) tonne is 2000 kg. A ton is 2000 lbs. Same pronunciation. lrn2units
You're all of you, quite out of your depth.
This was upvoted..
Poor guy. Poor, poor guy.
We can add that to the list of things that didn't happen. 
I was really hoping the link would go to ..
 
HEY! They're big-boned!
And suddenly I don't feel so bad about myself.
TIL Ham planets.
God I hate /fit/. The only thing worse than an arrogant, annoying neckbeard is one who gets muscly in the gym and spouts gym memes 24/7 and thinks girls will flock to him now he has hypertrophied muscles to go with his still dreadful self confidence and horrible manner of speaking.
How come 250 lb = 113 kg but 340 lb is only 154 kg ?? Will someone explain this to me??
Basic math.250/113 and 340/x.x=153.68
1 lb ~ .45 kg. So a difference of 90 pounds should be 90 * .45 = 40.5 kg. Pretty basic math dude.
uh, metric is not equal to standard .because 1 kg =/= 1 lb?.1 kg = 2.2 lb.edit: got kg and lb backwards 
2.2. lb = 1 kg
because 'murica
Read the title as "Hat family". Was disappointed at the lack of hats.
Best shit ive read all day
Christ
damn
Holy fuck that aunt weighed 535.Edit: I see now. Aunt still weighed 410 if kid was 340
kid is 340, its a different one
It is actually genetic, but it isn't how you think, its all a GI problem, exacerbated by overuse of antibiotics.
only a fool would take anything posted here as fact
ham planets...oh my god.
"I'm pretty sure somebody shit themselves".outstanding
Newfag should learn how to greentext.  
I'm picturing the Galaxy Glue scene from Incredible Shrinking Woman, except fat people and no laundry.
Anyone else notice a ton is 2000 lbs?
God, I'm fat as fuck but these jokes are funny as hell. Got me crackin up here.
Uncle Tom ass motherfucker 
I knew somebody who's family was like this, many lulz
Rookie green text is rookie
Drinks Rum and Coke, claims to be fit. Right.
I don't see what's wrong with calling fat people fat. If you don't like it, lose some fucking mass! (Not weight as this is relative to gravity :))
Most pathetic attempt to appear smart I've ever seen.
He was pathetic, you were the killer
If OP could actually lift, he wouldn't need the firemen.
Fake AND gay
I don't know why but I hated this. Have a fucking downvote OP you faggot.
fuckin ham planets that's amazing
Wow. Just wow. Funny as hell, thanks Anon.
I'm fat, and feel no shame having a laugh at this.
Sounds like a typical reddit meetup.
Fat or not, they are family. I was sad because this dude sounds like a total asshat. I was sad right up until the last line, then i lost my shit laughing.
its not like he can lift them up. Best thing he could have done is give them a scoop from their barrel of mayo to comfort them.
After they harassed OP for being not fat? 
fat or not, they're fucking people, I'm sure they were sitting on the ground in pain and this smug asshole just let them lay there
Well they were fat. On the Internet they're pretty much considered subhuman. 
Amerifats
This just described every relative I have in Wisconsin. 
Wisconsin is actually not the highest on the obesity list anymore... everyone else in Murica caught up. I think We're 25th on the American obesity scale. Being from WI and going in and out of cities such as Madison, I see a lot more attractive healthy people. 
Madison is just where all the (relatively) skinny people in Wisconsin lives due to the UW.  Source: lives in Madison and is relatively skinny.
[deleted]

I'm very confused by this.
I am Wisconsin, can confirm..My family is pretty fit actually. A few beer guts here and there but no hamplanets. I'll give up looking completely swole for the occasional beer, cheese and sausage platter any day..My female in laws on the other hand, yeah.......
Why is it that fem hamplanets infuriate me whilst guy hamplanets are tolerable
What the fuck is beer cheese?
I added a comment for clarity, but such a thing exists in both . and . form
Delicious. It's a spread more than an actual cheese. Like pimento cheese in the south, the wily Wisconsonites found a way to combine two delicious things into one smeary mess of a treat
My inner American is bellowing deep within for something salty and awful for me. I'm going to go get a snack.
You are the state of Wisconsin? 

Off all the things that didn't happen, this really happened.
This was posted in . (by .) ..
Just when I thought there'd be a chance OP wasn't a faggot.
no it was on 4chan first, detective
I should've seen this coming. 
naw man it was posted on 9gag first, sherlock
eww!
because math, you fucking retard..113/250 =0.452.154/340=0.452
When I see obese children I am filled with both rage and disgust because of the child's disgustingly fat parents letting them eat all that shit. It should be considered child abuse and the kid should be taken away.
There's this video of this fat fuck little kid who .. He's so addicted blah blah blah etc. yeah it's not like the parents can say "you're not getting any more cigarettes" at any point in time.
My brother and his (ex) wife are both fatties. This bothered me, but they're adults and can make their own decisions. I'm not the kind of guy that harasses adults about their choices. But then they had a kid. I wish obesity were classified as child abuse. He's 11 and is so fat he had to switch schools because the kids teased him so badly he started to go mental and developed a tic. I'm not close to my family, so I hadn't seen this kid in over a year. He came up to visit last month: he's fucking HUGE. He went to the pool without a shirt and his entire waist was covered in stretch marks, and his gut hangs over his belt. .Waitress: .Me: .Nephew: .Them watching a child turn into a useless disgusting fattie feels.
I held my composure pretty good until I got to: "I'm pretty sure someone shit themselves."

Not this didn't happen.

No my boy, they didn't shit themselves, that's just how fat people smell when their folds get rustled around.
.

Is that accurate?  I thought someone posted a TIL awhile back that was similar but showed black women in the US were way higher, like 80%.
Not sure. I just use that article because it is from cdc.gov.Center for Disease Control. Looks pretty official and all.
TIL there are no black people in Idaho, Montana, or the Dakotas..(Living in Chicago my whole life, I sometimes forget that there are places with no black people.)
What the fuck happened to Russia in 
What's really odd is. It even says food consumption was at a low that year due to to inflation. .EDIT: stupidly left out a word.
We dont talk about that
I lost it at ham planets. 

i scrolled down to see if anybody thought that was as funny as i did
 .Prepare your jimmies

YES one more sub I can read in free time alongside talesfromtechsupport.
Yeah it's an X-post from there, didn't mention it in the headline because I'm a faggot.
Classic OP.
I didn't even notice, was just pointing him there since he likes the term hamplanet
OP is a faggot wut?
I'm partial to . myself but this works too. .I wonder if the uncle blames his 30-year-old injury for his weight? When he's asleep his knee must shove pizza down his throat. 
Yakety sax is more for comedic running. Judging from OP's story, nobody in that family has ever done any running. The circus does have elephants though so I'd say the music they used was perfect.
Sound logic, that.
For those who didnt hear, we can stop telling fat america jokes: We're no longer the fattest country on earth!
We can stop.. we . do lots of things
Twinkies are coming back though. There's also the mcrib to looked forward to.
I remember that McRib art project a few months back on like . or something..Really amusing, but not enough to make me want one.
Dude McRib is a . on the menu at all McDonald's in Germany
Only because you have restraint. If McRib were available all year the fatties here would turn into perfect spheres. (Like my cousin, incidentally. I'm waiting for the day she falls over and I can roll her around like Violet Beauregarde.)
mcribs suuuuck though
So brave
I try kind sir, i try
Still the stupidest
HOORAY! We're still the best at something!
Brave
I like a karma gamble every now and then
Annex Mexico
wouldn't be surprised. WE MUST BE THE BIGGEST AND THE BEST!
This story don't real
There wasn't space on her phone because of all the entropy in their voluptuous curves.
She couldn't fit all of them in one shot 
Panoramic photo at least c'mon
That panoramic would have to be a hour long
Who would want to record that? The lens would probably get greasy just looking at them.
It's such a good story I don't even care if it's true.
We need more folks like you here on 
A true 'Murican story. Brings a tear to my eye 
Who said the American dream was dead?
I clapped at the end
I was still too busy pmsl from the opening line. TIL Ham Planets.
You'll like . 
Just had a quick dig through, and yes, I like. I like very much. God I fucking hate myself...but the lulz are too tasty.
To the end of the finish line?
The only thing that'd make this story more Murican would be a retarded 17 year old kid entering the property, murdering everyone with his shotgun and killing himself last..The next day the Governor of the state mumbles something about how they should lower the budget of the educational program to financially support the war against drugs.
What about the 2 lifting cousins having sex?
ingredients for a perfect /fit/ story
And losing their gains?
no, she'll swallow
Dude..."mentally troubled" is the term. You can't call them retards anymore.
Brings a dollop of mayo to the eye. 
You gonna eat that?
Not without some mashed potatoes.
Can't forget the bacon bits!
Idiots, deep fry it first!

GAT DAMN! They look good. Imma make a whole shit load of those right now. And a fucking punch bowl of chicken gravy for dunking.
Heart attack in a bun.
The damage summary at the end ruined me, I almost couldn't finish my twelfth cheeseburger.
it hurt my freedoms
IT'S CALLED A TRIGGER WARNING, OP
What was that subreddit again?
 

Ooh. I didn't know that one. Subscribing. I believe I meant . by the way. 
Is it satire or...? Seems like a subreddit for enablers.
I was being sarcastic above. Maybe I was mimicking too accurately.
The comments are satire, the tumblr posts are unfortunately real.
It's not satire. It is a subreddit for enablers.
Very mild Poe's Law? 
That last line did me in as well, I fell out of my chair and a coworker had to call the fire department.
That literally killed me, shortly before my . death from ingesting too much cheese.
just wash it down with some mayonaisse
That is seriously the most disgusting comment I've read in a long time!
Just stop.
I can't. After going down the second story my momentum is almost unstoppable. And people wonder why I use the handicap elevator. I'm saving lives!
 is what I pictured when I read that. I know you saw that karma train about to pick up speed. 
For the lazy:

i think . is the song you were looking for
I would have played the song while recording them and poking with a stick. All while I narrate the situation in a circus booth presenter manner.
Started typing in the address one character at a time. Fuck this, someone will have posted it in comments. Well done.
[deleted]
Autists always do
You read my mind.
Because of you I was able to play this music while reading this and it made it so much better, thank you.
Thank you 
The last three comments are very funny.
I feel stupid.  I tried clicking on the embed link
[deleted]
Use a proxy in a different Country. 
Thank you!
See, hearing this in the backround while reading this story just makes it that much more funny. Thank you . for find that video
anytime m8

Nice greentext faggot
Learn to use greentext, ponyfag
Which one? This? .Yes, your typical YouTube quality comment.
[deleted]
That one too.
What'd he say?
WHAT DID HE SAY
SNAKE?
SNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKE!
[deleted]
I thought they actually recorded the fatties.:(
That would require this to be real.
The . would also have been appropriate.
That fits a lot better with comedic chase scenes.
nossir, fat people cannot run 
FF x 10 
"Yakety Sax" is always the correct answer
I have decided that today at work I will be playing this in the background while interacting with other humans. .I am hoping that it will distract the person so much that they will forget why they are talking to me. 
[deleted]
He's trying to be nice, you cocksucking dickshit!
No, he is a fucking brony nigger, and you are defending him.
No use calling him out either. Once a faggot, always a faggot. 
Faggots see, Faggots Do. 
The ads are customized to your preferences, you know.
For anyone interested, it's called . by Julius Fucik. . has some cool stuff about how it became circus music.
Julius FUCK
Wikipedia says nothing about . it became circus music. It just states it.
TIL
The fucking circus ruined a good song worse than muse being on the twilight OST. Fuck those colourful gypsies.
My friend's dad played in a military honor band when he was in the Navy.  They were supposed to play "any march" at the commencement of a general's retirement dinner and inadvertently chose this one.
Taps was supposed to play out of the electronic music box stuffed inside the bugle. It always had before at every other funeral. .But this time, it played . during my honor guard procession. .I wanted to crawl inside that bugle and die, at least the body didn't spring out pop a salute..There was a knob that had rolled backwards from 10 (taps) to 1 (reveille). No one even knew it was there.
The fact that they use an electronic box at all seems wrong to to me.  It takes 20 minutes to teach someone to do it.  I'm sure a cheap trumpet is cheaper than an electronic box.
it's probably a lack of knowledge, but I'm don't doubt its within regulation
Makes you wish you would have just learned how to play triads huh?
honor guard was a detail you pulled for 6 months, it was rare to have someone who actually knew how to play the bugle
Even the best make mistakes. I don't think anyone wants to even . being the guy that fucked up taps at a funeral.
In high school I was asked to play taps a lot for the vfw. 99% of the time it went off without a hitch, but it wasn't always perfect. However,  those guys always appreciated the fact that some kid was willing to pay respects..
I think the risk of screwing up Taps for an authentic sound, is outweighed by the risks these guys took serving in the armed forces.
I understand what you are trying to say, but i think automating the process and giving it a cookie cutter funeral in a box (no pun intended),  doesn't sit well with me for some reason.
An informative comment on . ? Fuck.
 sheet music for anyone interested.
4 sharps on flute? Ain't got time to transpose that shit.
TROMBONE IS MINE
Dibs on Bb Clarinet 1.
You don't want Baritone?
If I could play Baritone, I'd've grabbed it. Baritone is all yours.
where I'm from a baritone isn't a woodwind it's a brass dammit A BRASS!
Yes, I knew this. It's basically a miniature tuba; sometimes called a euphonium.
You are thinking of the euphonium.  The part marked baritone appears to be written for a bass clarinet or tenor sax..That being said, I can cover that part if someone with a tuba or baritone horn can get the euphonium part.
I totally could
IT'S THE BEST BARITONE.
Can i take trumpet I or II?
I'LL GET THE BARITONE PART 
Dibs on euphonium.
Tuba muthafucka
If you can't listen and transpose the snare part you probably aren't good enough to play it. 
High brass/French horn master race.
No snare D:
[deleted]
Apparently, people beg to differ.
in you.

OMG LOL
just fuc it
What?

Risky click
I need moar.
I feel bad for him since that is going to cost a goddamn fortune to fix. Fuck that's a bad case of gyno
What the hell am i looking at?
Possible side effects of steroids. Every gender has testosteron and oestragene hormones in their body. This guy took steroids and this stimulates the testosteron levels in your body. Your body can react by making some more oestragene hormones to somehow balancing it like you see here. Then again, oestragene are female hormones and too much of it will give you female features like this. This guy is growing tits. This is called gyno. He fucked up real good.
You don't have to take steroids to get gyno.
But its still a possible side effect of gyno. Anyway, i dont know that you can get it without steroids. Can you tell me how? Just out of interest.
Shitty childhood.
Puberty
Looks like a titty twister gone very wrong.

Is anyone on /fit/ actually in shape, or is it just a place where fat faggots go to talk about sucking dicks and apparently their woman nipples.
Some are genuine fit people. Most of them are just skinny or not fat people who make fun of fat people. 
lol.
This is gold in the middle of all these reposts
That thread was 
If only there were a subreddit of r/redditcomments/r4ching....However, you will not get the shitpoints you deserve.
holy shit this is shit
I think we all know what op is...
 .. 
All my feels. 
I don't get it
His name was Robert Paulson.
sighs
That movie again?
Pls respond. 

I wish this was posted to /r9k/, I would have loved to see an entire thread working themselves into hysteria. 
A true gentleman?
7/10 lel
gotta be fake, no one carries spaghetti in their pockets.


Fag.
Check again, faggot.
"The greatest trolls are those that no one knows are trolling"
-Mr. Jiffy 
"You are a faggot." -xhopeless_romanticx
"no" - Unknown Author
uwotm8.
you must be new here
A true alpha. He proved he can reject any womans advances and has true love for his momma no matter what any of yall think.
Kill yourself
no u
Bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks.
Prison food is high in saturated fat and corn syrup, it's a violation of his civil rights.  I mean look at that fat fuck, that's over just a couple months.
He is now first...
What's the voting link?

ahh now i understand whats happening with this Zimmerman fella. I read all the American sites about it and couldn't understand, this post has made it clear!!! cheers mate Straya salutes you!!
Cunts are fucked
I'm trying desperately to conceal my laughter at work, I think people are watching
o dang, the coppas are here!
Ohfukenhell! Coppas! 
(All one word)
thats pretty good
holy shit laughed so hard
Outstanding!  Now I get it
so funny
Spot fucking on ! 
I am a bit ashamed to say that I understood this completely.
I thoroughly enjoyed this..Cheers cunt
The Australian dialect seem like silly made up language purely for our entertainment. 
Hilarious
'pooskin'
Oh my fucking god
Wow... I was actually able to understand this, unlike the way the media depicted everything, and I am a Canadian
This is pure aussie gold! 
get it right.
Works the same way, ya drongo.
This actually made sense.
I'm not sure OP knows what fair dinkum means.  At the very least it requires a comma...
Fair shake of the sauce bottle?
So if you're white in America, you can't defend yourself against a black person. Noted.
dinkum*
Alright, I think I understand where this is going. 
I didn't even understand most of that, but I still loved it.
Can you tl;dr the case for us euros?
Divvy van, not paddy wagon you stupid seppo cunt!
Baaaaahahahahahaha!  Having some close friends in Oz, that was the first thing I noticed!!!!!
I call it a paddy, faggots.
Paddies are the Irish...
[deleted]
Don't be racist muthafucka
He's got a surprising amount of karma for a committed shitposter.
[deleted]
This was probably written by an Aussie
Tell your slut to give my cardigan back
You would you weak dog
'Pooskin' was legitimately funny.
Australians, does this make any sense? Because it sure as shit doesnt for me.
yep.
I love that to other people it doesn't make sense. Yet I understood every part of that. Its must seem like another language entirely given they have to get confirmation it makes sense.
Bloody oath m8
sop ns
I mean, I know its english but bastardized so much that I cant read it.
Go watch the Crocodile Dundee films, or pretty much anything that Paul Hogan was in, and you will understand it.
I have and it still makes no sense. I guess I should visit but then I remember; Spiders.
I'm from cairns and this is pretty spot on.
Yeah there's a reason most people avoid the city centre.
Sorry to hear that m8.
Sure as well does. 
nungas gonna nung
I'm from Queensland,  this is basically your average news report.
Haha.
pretty accurate imo. Brings back memories of the coppa who bashed the abbo to death in a north Queensland jail who got off.
Except Zimmerman didn't get away with anything he was lawfully defending himself.
Eh, he definitely did get away with ., that is undeniable. Legally he may not be guilty of anything but he absolutely has some responsibility for that boy's death. You can't initiate a conflict that results in someone's death by your own hand and then act like you didn't do anything wrong.
He didn't initiate it, go watch Rachel Jeantals testimony. She says it herself that Trayvon got to the front door of his house, and then ran back to fight Zimmerman.
From a non US perspective, that's what's most wrong here. That the law allows you to shoot and kill an unarmed man because you felt threatened, and not get any comeback at all. .In the UK you can kill in self defence, but you'll only escape punishment completely if you can prove your actions were a proportionate reaction - for example, if you shoot and kill someone but can't prove that you believed at the time that they also had a gun and were about to shoot you, then you're going to prison for manslaughter. Is that not rather more sensible?
Nope. I don't believe so. I think it's an excellent system when the burden is on the state to prove the guilt of a defendant beyond reasonable doubt.  
shoot to kill when your in danger.
*you're.And no, don't.
Why are you so adamant on debating a different countries laws and customs in a 4chan subreddit? .This is not the place for your "oh god guns r so bad you guise suck". Go back to pol
Lol I was thinking that, it was meant to be a "lol, 'Murica looks retarded again" comment, but you've all piled on and I've replied.
Ah i gotcha. Well have fun chap!
That dude was getting the shit kicked out of him. You make it sound as if they were having a heated argument.
zoom out slightly from the actual altercation and ask yourself if Zimmerman would have accosted Martin and got into that fight if he didn't have a gun and "the law" on his side?
He broke his nose, and started bashing his head into the concrete saying: "You are gonna die tonight, motherfucker.".If it wasnt self defense i dont know what is..PS: the skittles and the drink he had in his backpack, were going to be used to produce Purple Drank (look it up on google). (he had messages that proves he was going to do it).
I don't know how you got the idea that UK and US self-defense laws are much different. Both laws allow for 'reasonable force,' which varies based both on weapons and circumstances, it tends to be kind of vague to allow for a very wide range of different situations to be considered. There is a concept of proportionality, but it applies more to the circumstance rather than the weapons used. In both countries, if you're actively getting attacked, you're probably going to be alright if you shoot the attacker. Especially if you don't have any other options like pepper spray or a taser..Just as an example, . is a recent case in the UK where a couple shot at some unarmed trespassers and got off without even a trial.
They didn't kill him though did they? In fact, their case got so much attention precisely because they didn't even get arrested. .The laws are different enough for it to matter, especially as the culture around firearms is so different in each country. .Of more relevance is the Tony Martin case: ., who shot and killed burglar/robbers on his property and was sent to prison because he couldn't prove that he was genuinely fearful for his life.
That's not really relevant in this case. Zimmerman only shot Martin once, that shot ended up killing him, but it could have just as easily incapacitated him. If Zimmerman actually unloaded his entire magazine in Martin, I'm doubtful he would have gotten off without a manslaughter charge..Zimmerman also wasn't initially arrested, which spurred the initial media interest in the case..But they're really not that different. In both countries, you'll face punishment if the prosecution can prove that your use of force was unreasonable. The weapon you use doesn't really matter--even if you're defending yourself from an unarmed man, you'll have a better self-defense claim if you shoot him once rather than beating him to death..Again, I don't understand why you think this kind of stuff doesn't happen in the United States. A quick search brings up many examples:.But in Zimmerman's case, you could easily argue that was genuinely fearful for his life. So by that logic, he would be acquitted under UK law as well.
From the non US perspective, what do you do when a man is straddling you and doing . to you?
What if someone threatens me with a knife or tries to hit me with a baseball bat but instead of shooting to kill him I kneecap him, will that make me go to prison too ?
You should never be punished for defending yourself.  Being the aggressor should mean you forfeit all legal claims.  If you're crazy enough to attack me, how do I know you're not crazy enough to escalate it?
Zimmerman was told "You're going to die tonight motherfucker."  Who is to say Trayvon couldn't have seen his gun and was going to reach for it?
*Zimmerman SAYS he was told that..We just don't know. You might be right.
Yeah but everything else Zimmerman has said was backed up by Evidence.  And when a cop told him the night it happened there was a video camera that caught everything Zimmerman said "Thank God!"
Thats not sensible at all. In the heat of the moment when your head is getting bashed into cement or beat up or about to be jumped you cant think about shooting them a little..... you shoot to kill. Brits should have never given up tour guns its the last check and balance before the government comes after the people and if you say that will never happen just ask the Germans about it or the Japanese Americans circa WW2. cheerio.
Hey mate, your government is snooping on your every action and militarising the police whilst pissing all over your constitution. When exactly will you be rising up with those guns, because if you aren't doing it already then that speaks volumes.
Oh so the situation in Germany in the 1930s is relevant to the UK (or even the US) in 2013? May I suggest you go back to r/trees, you've evidently been smoking something that's warping your view of the world.
It's actually very relevant. Given the recent revelations of Edward Snowden and the US Federal Reserve Bank's QE3 or 4 whateber we're in now. No sorry I support Marijauna Legalization but I dont smoke nor drink. The situation in Germany will always be relevant because those who forget history are bound to repeat it. 
If you don't want to get shot, don't start fights with strangers. Is that not rather more sensible? .It's completely arbitrary to require people use the same level of weapon as their assailant. If your assailant is grounding and pounding, would you just accept your death if you couldn't outfight him? Ridiculous. 
if you don't want to have to shoot someone, don't get into a fight. .your attitude is completely wrong. I am against gun ownership, let alone carrying, but if you are going to carry you have to back down in every confrontation, your gun should be last resort, not a deterrent. you are too dangerous to have a gun. 
What if they break into my house but aren't carrying a weapon. Surely they deserve it for being cunts.
No, not really. Caught, slapped about a bit and locked up yes, but not killed. That's stupid and unnecessary.
ah, but in the UK the correct assumption is that a home invasion is done without deadly force, and you'd be right. In the US, the average junkie has an illegally owned firearm, and a home invasion can be considered by a reasonable person a deadly threat. .Not that gun control laws will help that at all, btw. 
You just explained why that actually would be the case. With stricter guns laws (like in Europe), you don't just assume people go around carrying guns.
First paragraph: absolutely agree with you, the average junkie in the US probably does have a gun. I was just trying to point out how it looked from over here..Gun control laws work really well in the UK, Switzerland and Australia, but gun culture is so ingrained into 'Murica, and certain groups are so obsessed with their . to do/have something (regardless of whether doing/having it is actually a good idea) that they are unrealistic in the US. There are just too many guns, too many people madly in love with their guns, and too many people working in the firearms industry.
It's not the gun culture that makes America fucked up, its the racist society that we live in..Canadians have proportionate gun ownership rates to the US yet they have far less gun crime, the reason for this is that they didn't have to deal with the vestiges of a slavery society that created institutional racism that is only now being dealt with and removed. (And as the Zimmerman case shows is still prevalent). .Don't blame gun culture on this, blame the fact that our gun culture allows racists to have guns.
Sad but true I guess.
Holy mother fuck how does the Zimmerman case have ANYTHING to do with racism when you solely focus on the facts of the case?.I'm not asking you about the media or public perception but the very specific interaction between Martin and Zimmerman?
I do not think Zimmerman is necessarily a racist (although IIRC he did use racist slurs when referring to Martin). .But this is more of a subconscious fear rather than an overt one. We need guns to protect ourselves from those black criminals. So in the eyes of a person raised in that culture just being black is cause for suspicion. This led Zimmerman along the sequences of events that led to Martin's death.

I think the gun control laws are a bit much in the UK. Like that incident where that guy got butchered in broad daylight. Took them like 20 min to have police arrive with guns.
No, you just wouldn't assume anyone was legally carrying. Most armed junkies have illegal firearms. Making them MORE illegal wont make them reconsider. 
Idk, I just never assume anyone is carrying guns, because with strict laws it's fucking . and . to get one, so your run-of-the-mill junkie/criminal probably couldn't get one.
K let's go ahead and make guns illegal in America, what do you think would happen to all the currently owned guns? There would be a lot of people who "lose" their guns in "boating accidents". You would never be able to disarm the criminals in America. 

America is not pussy town like lil' ol' brit
you're right, we got over our wild west phase about 400 years ago - you'll catch up eventually.
You guys never had a wild west phase. Its always been lil' ol' pussy town brit. The only thing you guys have to worry about is burning your crumpets. You don't have real niggers living over there like we do. So stop complaining about our country and go back to sipping tea.
Lol, go read some history books. It's not your fault we got a 700 year head start on the whole "being civilised" thing and now don't need guns as we only have crumpets and tea to worry about. If you ever come over here, go to Tower Hamlets in London and tell the locals that american gang types are the only real hard black guys. You'll last seconds.
London? Really? You think London is civilized? You really have to much pride for your shit country, do me a favor fuck off. go bush your teeth.

Shut it, colony. Anyone that needs the help of the French to liberate themselves from our empire forfeits the right to call anyone a pussy.
The French actually have the best win/loss ratio than any army in the world. So before you try bringing other countries into this, why don't you look into your own countrys history. 

Just because you are unarmed doesn't mean you can't kill somebody. Take a . at these injuries and tell me Zimmerman didn't fear for his life. Again were anti-gunners fail in their logic is that you can only use a gun to stop someone with a gun. Not a knife, a blunt object, or fists, but only a gun. This isn't how it works nor should it work any other way, you can be killed in more ways than one and you should be afforded the best means possible to stop that..Again this case was about whether Zimmerman acted in self-defense, not stand-your-ground, but regular self-defense. He had no means to retreat anyway. People who think he is guilty reveal that they can't actually do . on a topic before opening their mouths and it is incredibly irritating.
Why don't you read what I put before trotting out your favourite little rant? I didn't say he wasn't guilty according to the law over there did I? I said that the fact that the law allows you to use a firearm to kill someone that is armed with just their fists makes the law look pretty fucking retarded. .What if it had been the other way round? What if Martin had killed Zimmerman with his fists? Would you be on his side when he argued that he feared for his life because a man with a gun had accosted him on the way back from the shop? If you are, then fair enough. I would be more comfortable with that than what actually happened. If you're not, then you must me more pro gun than pro self defence, and as gun lovers like to use self defence to support their pro gun argument, that's going to show you where your prejudices lie..For the record, I live in the UK and have a firearms certificate, allowing me to own my .45 Win94 and Ruger 10/22 Takedown legally. Neither of them would come out in self defence unless I had seen the other guy bringing a gun into my house first.
..
I appreciate that there were no bullets shot and the assailants were just told to fuck off..
If only real life were like in the movies.
. Loads of them. Using them safely, on large outdoor ranges. But without the yehawwing and keeping them under the bed in case we feel our castle is under attack
Here is a xpost from r/gunpolitics. .Again you can still murder someone with your fists. Proportional force means nothing over here because it is the end result that matters. What you are pretty much saying is if someone has a knife and you have a gun they automatically become less of a threat just because a gun is in your hands. That is so foolish and naive it makes my blood boil. Not everyone can use their fists or a knife to adequately protect themselves yet in the UK that is what you force on your citizens everyday because you . that a gun somehow makes a person just stop attacking you. .There was no way that Trayvon could have known that Zimm had a gun until after he had started beating him. The only way your scenario makes sense is if Zimm brandished and threatened Martin with his gun(which he didn't). But if that did happen and Zimm . I would totally be behind Trayvon defending himself..Again remember this was not a SYG case just a normal self-defense case. Again I don't know what you expect people to do when they are getting their head bashed into the ground. Just wait until someone helps them, or wait until things start going black? I don't think you intend for this to happen, but what your actions/attitude do is give the physically strong, and the young an extraordinary advantage over the elderly, the weak, or just generally nonaggressive.
and there's the difference I was highlighting, you're agreeing with me!.To get rid of them i point it and pull the trigger. For them to get rid of me they have to get up close and personal, and force the knife in to me. Guns make it so easy to kill compared to knifes, bats, tasers etc..The vast majority of us can see the benefit of taking pistols and magazined rifles out of general circulation. Those of us that want to go and fire a gun for sport still can, if we follow the right laws and procedures. As mentioned elsewhere I have a Win94 and a Ruger 10/22..And that works so well for you over there doesn't it? Instead of just the young being able to kill the young and the old, everyone can kill everyone. The UN data on homicide that I can find says that 67% of yours involve firearms. For us it's 6%. On top of that, you kill 3.21/100,000 people with those guns. We kill 0.07/100k. So yeah, giving everyone the ability to kill with the pull of a trigger works really well.
You must never of heard the 21 foot rule, also death his death if you don't shoot the knife wielding attacker he will stab you. So what if he has to run at you to do it, if you don't do anything he can still do it pretty easy..You make it seem like 3.2 out of 100,000 is a big deal. That is like saying a Porsche sucks just because you put a Ferrari next to it.
Another thing is 72%(so 2 out of every 100,000) of that statistic is gang related homicide, criminals killing criminals fighting over drug turf. Taking guns away isn't going to stop that..Also in the US there are an estimated 500,000 defensive gun uses per year where there are about 300,000 unlawful incidents with a fire arm. Oh and that 500,000 is on the low end of the estimate too. If you don't believe that understand it was a 
nope, never heard of it, probably because I live in a country where your average junkie isn't armed.it's a pretty big deal when the rest of the civilised world's are at <0.5 and some of us are down in the 0.0x range, yeah. The analogy is more like comparing how much faster an F1 car is than a tractor. It's about that order of magnitude, but with people dying.  .You seem to be framing the 500,000 defensive gun uses as a good thing - to the rest of us, that's a bad thing..Would making it much harder for gangs to own firearms not slow down the rate at which they are killing each other? It's worked here and in Australia, but I realise it's probably unrealistic in the US.(why are we going over this is in a 4chan subreddit....I only wanted to join in with the "ha ha 'murica sucks!" sentiment.....)
If you look at Honduras and Jamaica they have less guns than America yet more gun homicides, also why just gun homicides? I mean Switzerland has more guns that the UK and they still have less total homicide than you, so why do you still think gun ownership matters?
It's "boongs" not "boons" fuckin ignorant seppo cunt
As an Australian, i actually understand what's going on now...
As a New Zealander. Help.
that requires effort... and none of that exsists..

There's always someone...
I believe you did this to one of my other comments as well a few weeks back..
Got me too, I thought it was a bot that flipped anything that started with "as an Australian,".
As an Australian, 
As an Australian, i actually understand what's going on now...  ( ^_^) .Let me fix that for you (automated comment unflipper) 
I live in Queensland. I feel I have a somewhat better understanding of it than you do..Cunt.
The fuck
Just be glad they're not . threatening to siphon your car.
Okay _
upboats for all you cunts!
[deleted]
I was in Adelaide last week. I saw 3 aboriginals in 5 days. .Quit your complaining and go to the NT.
The fuck?
No more boats in Australia please...
fuck off Tone
Fuck off little boy. 
Ok cunt
Okay
I actually watched the Lord of the Rings trilogy for the first time only 2 years ago, but i c wut u did thar.
Needs more kiwi.
bloody abos
I've always said, you've got your good aboriginals, then you've got your pooskins. 
We do?
Probably just as common as the elusive successful black man in the US.
Wife is black.
She can't drive. 
I'm white. 
I'm successful.
Fuck. 
1248?
what is gets pls?
explain this shit to me
He was the 200000000th poster on whatever board he was on.In other words, the 2 billionth poster
was he talking about kerbal? and holy shit replies
The 200 millionth poster* off by a 0
Well, this sure isn't a "Trivial" get post
That's over 20000000 replies.
No
He even did it at 20:00
What a shitty get
Another *
Such a shame, it's not like you could have done better
He was talking about Pikmin
Octs..nice.
Confirming exact match.
shig
But Costanza is a Jew, and /pol/ hates Jews.

Festivus>hanukkah
He's not a Jew he's Latvian orthodox haha
No one notices dream theater lyrics
I need that Gotta Go Fast pic... anybody?
10/10 OP
Aisle
LOL
I just...huh...
wut
wut
Sounds like a dream I had.
A magical place.
I try not to take up space by saving things on my phone but I don't think I really have a choice here.
Would tickle again.
Most likely
who doesn't know how to spell 'aisle'?
niggers and faggots
Duke Nukem has really lost his shit.
This is exactly why I love /k/
What is /k/?
lurk moar
I want to see this drawn so fucking bad




Context - in a thread asking how to defend yourself if someone started shooting up Walmart, assuming you don't have your concealed firearm on you.
Find the largest fattest person and use them as a human shield? Otherwise bend over and kiss your ass goodbye. 
You watch too many movies my friend 
Why I said fat. Still a good chance of getting hit even with a fatty. 
Human shields are easy to escape. Gun in front and arm too? I'll take Krav Maga for 500 Alex.
Krav Maga is physical activity, that's why you get a fatty as they are less likely to be familiar with it..Edit: I was joking of course, this is still a stupid idea when you can hide behind something that won't resist like a counter or just walk the fuck out of the store.
what the fuck did I just read
Mcgiver survives a mass shooting. 
youmustbenewhere.jpg
file names xDDDDD
I hope you get into a horrible car accident. 
... and I hope that some, like, super nasty bees are involved.
I thought you said nasty beers.like fosters or carling or some shit
Those are lagers, noob.
No, It's Fizz and Piss.
Op's definitely a fag.
Are you literally fucking retarded? Open the whole comment you fucking asshole and quit posting here. 
Can't flim flam the zim zam.
Can't simmer the zimmer!
i tried fucking my guitar. didnt work but my dick got hard
Dirty bookfucker.. Probably gets his rocks off on hardcovers.. Probably came all over the Table of Contents! .Probably.
I wanna rock and roll all night.

Now we know who OP is. 
Anyway, /r9k/ is the most BETA SHIT board. 
I came there just to call them beta once, and they apologised. THEY FUCKING APOLOGISED. DO YOU KNOW HOW MAD THAT MAKES ME?
-/pol/
He obviously needs to download more ram first.
 
mmm pussy flavored sausage, nothing gets better than that 
Quoth OP:.Rofl. Confirmed fag. 
nothing is straighter than a pussy flavored sausage you faggot 
Yeah. What's gay is . pussy flavored sausage. .My sausage is pussy flavored all the time. If you like it you are gay.
What if I only like the pussy flavor of the sausage, does that make me gay huh? 
is what makes it gay..is not gay. .You are gay though.
An inspiration to us all.
I'm living with 2 BRs atm and this describes them perfectly. They also smell really bad and shed hair everywhere
I believe it!
As a brazilian, FUCK YOU ALL. You're all mad because we fuck with you people and you can't do jack shit about it..Eat shit and die racist assholes!!!!!
Agitado?
Mad
That's what you think. The government has noticed your faggotry and is planning a genocide.
Dora the explorer 
I still don't know if that's a real human being or not...
google synthol
Oil injections in muscles.
I lol'd
That picture is what Joseph, King Of The Hill, would look like all grown up.
What kind of autism is this...
I don't know, you seem to be the expert.
mucho agitado
*muito
huehuehue
Damn it feels good to be Brazilian.A real gangsta ass Brazilian treats his trap right.A real gangsta ass Brazilian gonna keep his fucking house.cuz the Olympics ain't puttin in track lights.Brazilians always got a hot cap.Showin' off the boys all they bottom.But real gangsta ass Brazilians don't flex butts.cuz real gangsta ass Brazilians know they got 'em.And every party rocks if it got Brazilian gangstas.cuz gangsta ass Brazilians roll deep.Party 365, yo, 24/7.Cuz real gangsta ass Brazilians don't sleep.And all I gotta say to you shifty-eyed, bitchy guys,.tryna work to death for a million,.is I be real with my reals and realer with my dick,.Damn it feels good to be Brazilian.
Who the fuck upvotes this shit?
Same. Brazilians are right on the border between monkey and human. 
Wow man classy shit.
You can tell I'm not Brazilian by the lack of fires and dead black people. 
The picture looks like a male bodybuilder's body with a 80's woman's head.
Synthol, not even once.
You forgot then you go on dota and ruin everyone's games.
Too poor to afford Internet access. Lan house only has league. Kill steal as Evelyn 
What about the cs go community?.HAUHUEHAUEHAUHAE.Fucking laggy pieces of shit is what they are
Mordekaiser es nmero uno huehurhuehue 
No, that's what russians are for.
The cancer of the gaming community 
Looks like he very clearly mentioned it
People who know the truth about brazillians.
Also applies to CS:GO..fucking BRs. WHY WON'T VALVE GIVE THEM THEIR OWN SERVERS?!? I DEMAND SEPARATE BUT EQUAL IN ONLINE VIDYA
TOP HUE 
This guy's done his research. I'm Brazilian and I laughed my ass off.
There's more too it and learn how to crop. 0/10 OP's a fag.
The rest of it was copy pasta so why bother ? 
You could have cropped it though 
is there a mobile app for 4chan? for an ipod? 
Did you look up 4chan on the app store? 
yea but i cant find it. it might be under a different name tho idk. i see the posts with the iphone format but never an app name
Dude...that's 4chan in safari.
Daaaaaamn alright
That comment hits the nail on the head.
The actual website has a mobile version.

Lost it at Darkie1.
jimbles rustled
Moon crickets?
Had to look it up on Urban Dictionary..Moon Cricket:.
Derived from early slave times when black people would come out at night and sing slave songs under the moonlight like crickets.
why was this user banned??
Where do you see that

I cant wait to see the hundred or so variations of this story on this sub for the next month or two.So excited

I knew someone would post this here...
Because you downvoted me, dipshit...
How many white people is Zimmerman going to save?
As many as it takes to give news networks ratings.
You can't flim flam the zim zam. 
I find "You can't simmer the Zimmer" much better.
 wut
The day OP fucks humans, the day he will stop being a faggot
what if he fucks dudes like you do?

Only on /k/

Fuck you don't ruin it for us. The only way a subreddit can survive long is by remaining hidden.
OPstiality..
So homosexuality then.
OP confirmed faggot, takes dog dicks up ass
 gets banned, and that is allowed to stay up.  You stay classy reddit.
What? When did this happen?
It was like a week or two ago.  It's bullshit.
Mirror this shit, faggot.

To what? Photobucket?
nigga am i reading this correctly ... you fucking posted a repost?
I Lol'd......................................................... months ago
 
lol satanism
Reposted hard 
[deleted]
What about them?
Maybe he lost his
Theyre converting to satanism
19th top post of all time in 
repost n1 OP stay fresh

Still have very little idea about what happened. 
Too lazy to google. Will a kind Amerifag explain what happened? Australia didnt hear much about it, evidently..

Some neighborhood watch guy trails some kid walking through his neighborhood and approaches him. Kid attacks him thinking he's defending himself. Watch guy pulls out concealed weapon and kills the kid. Fast forward to today, there wasnt enough to get him on any of the convicted charges, so he walked free. Even though he's Mexican, the worlds nigger population believes he is white and flips their shit at "whitey can kill a nigga an get away wid it", inciting every racist nigger in America to target any and all white people
Thanks faggot, sounds like a bloody shitfest went down
Any time Ausfag bro. Im personally fucking tired of hearing about this. Shits been going on for like a year and a half now, and I've been put on blast by angry niggers in class for being white, cause "pinkey killed a black kid jus fo bein black cus dey can". Admittedly, Zimmerman shouldve gone down and I dont agree with the conviction. However, Im so tired of the media blowing it up.
Holy crap has it been going on that long? I thought it was only recent..
Yeah, February of 2012. I was in highschool when it happened, it was an 80% majority black school. I actually prefered it over a majority white school, but dont get the ghetto ones started on race. I was in band and the only white person in there, and people started going off about what they heard on the news. Dumbass me said "maybe theres more to it than we know yet than just a white guy killing a black kid for no reason", and then I got barraged by angry screaming ghetto bandfags. It only just came up again because his court trial started a few weeks ago.
Fuck, I'd be worried about getting bashed if I were you. If those were all abos, and I said what you said, I'd probably have gotten bashed
How do they usually act? I mean I've learned about them somewhat, but I dont really know much about how they act or how you Aussies interact with them
A lot of them are great blokes, but generally they arent that bright, and tend to get into alcohol and drugs and shit. Since they have never built up a resistance to alcohol, its so easy for them to get drunk. Alcohol has been something they have had access to for less than 100 years, so as you can imagine, there are a lot of drunks. As you can also imagine, there is a lot of racial discrimination. The ones I know are nice enough, but you have to be really careful sometimes. You cant go onto traditional aboriginal land without a special permission thingy from the elders, otherwise they would definitely kill you. But still, they get treated pretty bad. Along the nullabor plain, a huge stretch of land about 1500 ks long, there are a lot of truck jackings, done almost exclusively by abos. The police have now said its okay to run them over, as they will wait in the middle of the road for you to get out, and kill you. But meh, I rarely see any in my area, so I'm all good.
Wow, I'd never heard of them before in that way. They sound like savages more than anything. Are there ones who have become a normal part of society? Or are they still working in?. Though there arent too many pure blood natives left in the U.S., there are still several preservations scattered around with them living on it, trying to hold onto their way of life. For the most part, theyre kind but stern peope. Im not quite sure, but I believe if you go onto their preservation illegally, they can apprehend you and turn you over to the authorities, but they dont go around killing people like that..Well TIL watch out for abo's

Australia is just learning about the OJ Simpson double homicide. 
The what?
Still have very little idea about what happened. 
Too lazy to google. Will a kind Amerifag explain what happened? Australia didnt hear much about it, evidently..  ( ^_^) .Let me fix that for you (automated comment unflipper) 
...o-okay..
Cultured?.Were they on their way to the opera house?
They were bathing in Greek yogurt. 
[deleted]
?
Zimmer is love, Zimmer is life. 
You're so drek

I found out about the Zimmerman bullshit. so i decided to call him a dumb cunt, then I went back to playing Brink
So, you're one of the people that plays Brink? Console or PC?
SO MANY BAD THINGS AT ONCE 
Whoa, major fucking badass over here. Playing Brink no matter what.
You guys take posts to seriously.
Can't wait for the Trayvon/Zimmerman sex tape...
I think Traycoon would work better than Trayboon.
GZ 
I don't know much about the case but I like george
Aryan detected 
Now I'm just waiting for the Doom adaptation of this. 
You can't corner the dorner

How long did it take you to make this completely original gif and post? Faggot.
Nigger
Say that again and you'll have a bag of onions in your rectum.
And our lord's girth with all his mirth.
Come at me brogre. 
nice title, faggot. 
Will somebody . find me that "I'll watch the skies, you watch the roads" Dorner/Zimmerman picture?
I second this
I fourth this, but I plead the fifth.
Here you go faggot.

You can't flim flam the zim zam.
I like this one so much better than OP's shit.
Can't shimmy the zimmy 
Nah, flim flam the zimm zamm is still better.
made me lol
Ain't no wrestlin' the Jewish messican
Also...her name Katie by any chance?
You fuck-nut, they're in the wrong order.
1, 3, 2, 4
My bad idk wtf happened I saved them in numerical order and uploaded them as such
I had to keep scrolling up and checking whether the posts had the same ID or not.
I'll take "Thing that Never Happened" for 400, Alex.
Nononononono
Oh man, can you imagine. That'd have been crazy, if that had happened.

an* fag
Of all the things that didn't happen, this didn't happen the most. 
I was in that thread.
Assuming this actually happened, how is this sexual experience "awkward"? Seems like the experience itself was ok, the awkward part was that she lived with him for two weeks after.
nope. 
Arrested development cousin joke

theres always karma in arrested development shit
Her name? Carl Sagan.
When I see mfw it translates in my head to "my-fucking-word", like a British chap might say. 
It went ..
be me.be at home in basement wondering what sex is like..be.......a loser.
[deleted]
god fucking damnit

Well a guy I know nearly fucked a girl who later turned out to be his cousin from the side of the family he never had contact with. Don't remember if they kissed or not but it became pretty awkward. 
living dangerously
Obligatory . 
wincest
Ya, how the fuck does some 8/10 chick know where a party in new york? Originally from Ohio.
Of all the things that didn't happen.
What's wrong with fucking a cousin that lives hundreds of miles away? He obviously didn't keep contact with her.
Fucked her anyways, might as well kept going.
I hope the picture is of the OP, because if not, that guy is going to have a shitty day today.
an*
I lost my virginity to my cousin. She was adopted though. So is she really my cousin?
this is shit

she wasn't even a 8/10 she was ugly as fuck, next time show full thread
an*
Why is no one talking about the fact that he was "biting his ear seductively?"
Trolling is a art.
GO FUCK OFF CUNT GO DIE YOU GAY FAGGOT
fucking newfag, getting his jimmies rustled by this shit.
I would think that only oldfags would be rustled by yolo. 
YOLO
Fuck off
That place isn't as fun as I thought it would be.
I was sort of hoping it would just be a redirect to 
Yep, kinda depressing actually.
You've never had that?
Fuck off
There was nothing else on this story, faggot.
op posted the picture of the girl, she wasn't even a 8/10 m8
Possible, I left the thread quite early. If you are a faggot then youre a good one...like Freddy Mercury.
Prove it faggot
m8 he posted the picture you cheeky chav
...fuck me.
Serious 
Yeah, she is.
She was adopted when she was like 12 though and I didn't even meet her until she was 15. 
an*
Fuck off
Jimmies: rustled.
When I see your face it translates in my head to "fucking faggot", like a British chap might say.
Wow, that escalated quickly. 
Fuck off
Thing is, I really just didn't know what mfw meant.  Not sure why that warrants all the hatefulness.
Neither did I, once. I also didn't feel the need to inform the whole world when I found out, you self-important cunt. Nobody gives a flying cunt about your life story and when you learned the meaning of an acronym. Go fucking kill yourself and make the world a better place
Your comment history made me cry
U sad?
Fuck off
Fuck off
My favourite part was when none of that actually happened.
> be me
of all the herp dee herrrpp this  derp herp the derp hhhheheheeeehehe
Fucking Damnit. Shit story. OP please cancel Internet service and kill yourself.
What do you expect on a subreddit of 4chan? Try harder faggot. 
DM,HS
Very original. 


cool fucking story faggot
So edgy
:(
get aids.
Talking for a half-hour and neither recognized they knew each other?.Either OP is a big fat titty-fucking liar or he knew 8/10 was his cousin, said nothing and proceeded to do the sex anywho. 
Implying anon wasn't just fantasizing about his hot cousin who he never had a chance with
this describes most "sex" stories on this sub
Also,

I don't think that image means what you think it does...
faggot
You must be a newfag if your jimmies got rustled from that
Yeah you fell for it. 
fake as fuck, no one from way out of town would be at a party
You should go to /b/ and read the header. It states that everything should be seen as works of fiction. 
Yeah because we all know its impossible to have friends in different cities...
Unless the party was at his house
You sure it's fake as fuck? When I first read it I thought it sounded fake as shit or maybe just a little bit fake as hell but I wasn't to sure about fake as fuck
I live in a small town and usually anyone who's drinking is invited.
While I agree, could be a thing where she lived there before, had friends already, or stayed with other family members, just saying.
You obviously aren't a female, teen and/or attractive.
And I bet anon was OP too! This is unheard of!
Fake story on 4chan? No Way!!! 
What??? Next you're going to try telling me they're all fake? 
We all know they're fake, we just try to find the exact reasons why. It's like a spot-the-differences game.
Fucking... A. 
Ok I'll take that. I just thought everyone on reddit wanted to be captain obvious and point out fake stories. These are stories for our amusement. I cannot see any way it would effect us if the story was real or not. 
A true alpha would have carried on fucking her over the two weeks with no other fucks given.
Indeed, sir
A true alpha laughs in the face of awkward and would have fucked her in front of his family.
But his arms aren't broken.
While looking his dad straight in the eye.
You faggots just don't know when to give up on something that's completely dead don't you?
B-but my dead horse that I beat gives out karma like candy! 
[deleted]
LEL!
Autistm detected
lol the irony
A true alpha would have fucked his mom
A true alpha walks around fucking just about everyone.
Freud would jizz in his grave
It's implied in the last line, faggot.
No it's not. 



The Imp Lied?
So 17ish female flew in from Ohio the day before, already knows where to find a house party, then has sex with a random dude she never met until a half hour ago who just happens to also be her cousin....Sounds legit to me!
yeah who on /b/ has enough of a social life to go to a house party anyway?
I don't know about you guys but if I'm going to screw some chick at a party I usually don't care or remember to get her last name as I'm drunk at a party. And I can't believe you are implying that a girl having sex with a guy she just met doesn't happen....they are called sluts and they do exist, everywhere.
It's from/b/ it dosent ha e to be real, nothing is real!
Of all the things that definitely happened, this happened the most.
What do you mean? Lies? In the internet??
He never said that he fucked her cousin, he just said that she was an 8/10 just like the girl he fucked.
If it was true she would have stayed with them the first night too.
Honestly i think the point of the story where this gets unbelievable isn't in the super sleuthing required to unravel the Ohio mystery.  It became unbelievable in the second word of the title. ..
I can see how this scenario probably panned out.. It is his cousin. They could have moved away years before, but still know people they grew up with. It could be bs, but that point is not ticking my radar.

And stayed at (tbd) in a new town where the only people she knows are her aunt and uncle. 

You obviously aren't an 8/10 teenage female... I'm surprised she wasn't invited to a party ON THE PLANE..The cousin thing is a stretch unless he's at least 8/10 as well, but I doubt that since he's anon and a fag.
My problem with the story is a 17 year old virgin talking a random girl into sleeping with him in an hour.
No, your problem is you never leave your parents' basement. 
Lmao, and your problem is you try to pick fights with random strangers on the internet.
Girls like sex, it's shocking.
Girls also like being raped, Anon taught me that.
Because yolo lol haha
Not only that, she doesn't mention she just got in from a flight from Ohio? Possibly leading to finding out her name?
Perhaps it was an aunt's daughter (took uncles last name, so there wouldn't be any hints there).
talked for an hour and never got her name. 
I've been there before.  Or I just never bother to remember.
I've known people for years without ever finding out their name.
alpha as fuck?
My cousin's name is Amber. Should I assume everyone named Amber is my cousin? 
Name 3 such people.
Anon, Anon, and Anon.
The kid, the dude, and the female.
I can't tell if your joking
confirmed for being a slut
Its funny because it's true.
I only know one amber, and she is a slut. Statistically 100% of amber's are sluts. 
wow... shit all over our party why don't ya
Well if you say so.. 
Wow an Angels and Demons reference account name. 
Lol right
Were you unable to pick this info up from the OP?
Just stay away from the coats
Kill yourself
Ah. A Dane Cook reference.
SOMEBODY SHIT ON THE COATS
...WHAT?
pro. epic pro.
Ah. Someone familiar enough with Dane Cook to recognize references.
This person should be drawn and quartered good sir. LOLOLOL

if you're riding a bike anywhere other than a designated bike path, by smart. You're not in the tour de France, let every car pass.

FFFUCK!
Normal brightness? PNG?? How can this be?! Litesnow evolved.
Sounds like a case of natural selection at the end, if people are going to act in a dangerous manner on push bikes they shouldn't be on them. I'm careful as fuck on my bike as most the roads I use are 60 mph so I give the cars all the space they want and get damn near off the road for them. 
I hate how everyone seems to have the idea that cyclists should be on the road and not the sidewalk. It should be a judgment call..Up North it kinda makes sense. Towns are usually more progressive and more tend to have bike lanes. People are actually on the sidewalks because less people drive fucking everywhere..Down South? Hell no. No bikes lanes. Huge stretches of 2-way 1 lane roads with no median. Bikes on the road that force you half into oncoming traffic to overtake. And totally empty sidewalks. It's fucking stupid..Not to mention the bastards never follow the rules of the road. Red light? Fuck you, I'm on a bike..And to top it all off, if you hit them with your car you're probably going to lose the lawsuit just because they're closer to a "pedestrian" than you are..Just don't get it. If you put the bikes on the sidewalk and there's a collision, two people have skinned knees. If you put them on the road, the cyclists cause serious accidents where people actually die.

Riding on the sidewalk is . than riding on the road. The only bicycle accident I have ever been in was when I was riding on a sidewalk. I was crossing a neighborhood inlet and a truck pulled in and I T-boned the truck. Dented the truck, front wheel bent out of shape. Got really lucky..Not justifying douchebag cyclists, but objectively, sidewalk = nobody sees you, and that is a bad thing.
My friend told me that it's actually illegal to ride your bike on the sidewalk. I need to verify this, but even if it is true, cops aren't going to do shit about. They don't care if your bike is on the sidewalk. Just ride on the fucking sidewalk; I don't have the patience to do 10 mph in a 30. 
I'm with you on pretty much everything. I bike everywhere because I'm a poor nigger, and I know a bunch of entitled faggots that break all the rules. I run red lights when the city's dead and I see nothing. Come busy time on the road, I'll hop on the sidewalk or at least make sure people can pass me in the same fucking lane. I hate other people on bikes.
Europe has ancient cities with narrow roads and bicycles ride on them without a problem. The only problem with bicycles in America is that American motorists are below shit tier.
You obviously have never visited Europe; nations where biking is easy like Holland have probably the most extensive bike infrastructure in the world (even in its cities) plus a legal framework which makes hitting a cyclist worse then rape. On the flip side though riding a bike in the UK is a good way to commit suicide. 
I lived in Europe for many years.
Also all cars have insurance but bikes don't. So if one of the hits you or causes an accident, you cant do shit to get your car repaired and if you try a small claims court you will probably loose. But if you clip one by accident, or even overtake and they swerve a bit and end up coming off they will try and fuck you through your insurance for injuries! Plus they don't pay road tax but alot of accidents are attributed to them.
Seems like you're dealing with asshole cyclists, not cyclists in general. If I fall off my bike, I fucked up and I deal with it. Shit like that happens. Now, being hit by a car? I don't care if you didn't see me; I won't sue your ass, but I won't be happy about it. My sister was hit when she was younger and the woman tried to sue us to fix the front of her car since my sister's pedal got stuck in the grill, which is fucked..*Edit: The road tax shouldn't apply. If a car weighs ten times as much as me, it causes ten times the damage (hypothetically) to the road. Cyclist wear on the roads is minimal, there isn't enough weight to cause any stress to the existing streets.
Road maintenance isn't just fixing "wear and tear," really though cyclists should pay a tax which goes towards funding the construction of cycle lanes and otherwise for them to use to avoid dying. Riding on an actual road should be as illegal as walking in the middle of one...
It's only more dangerous because cyclists are douchbags who can't be bothered to fucking stop..You were crossing an inlet. If you were walking, you'd stop and look both ways. But no, you were on your bike so you plowed through..What's going on in the diagrams on the site you linked? A careless cyclist is plowing through a crosswalk without stopping and gets rammed by a turning car who had right of way. No fucking shit it's more dangerous. Cyclists never fucking stop.
Dafuq is a checkers.
It's Sonic, but with a B&W colour scheme.
That's actually hilarious 


Just when I thought OP couldn't be more of a faggot....
Toplel
fast food place with the best fries every created
[deleted]
Never lived in a town that had a place that sold onion rings.
And for that we hate you.
Used to be called rallys 
In some places they're still called Rally's. Just depends on where you live. Same concept as Carl's Junior and Hardy's. 
Now wait a second who the hell is carl jr. and whats so hardy about him
That is what we like to call a full blown autist
Would have been better if he was eating at Sonic

You're the reason everyone had to take Ritalin.

lol, i spent like 5 minutes tryina think wtf a sonic noise would be
DINGALINGDING-LINGALINGADING.that was the sound when you lose your coins.
Damn that dude had an imagination and a half.
Gotta eat fast
Because any of that happened. 
I really wish this was true.
Oooohhhhhhh snap
OP is Iron Man? Faggot.
Things that happend .This.Pick one
My nose.My ass.My scabs.My cysts.My foreskin.Pick one.
I'm fucking glad faggots like you are finally getting downvoted for saying this shit.
fuck off autist
You must think you're still on /b/.
The cat was my favorite character in the story
Mine was roof. Roof, was no bully, roof was no vengeance, roof was no victim, roof unmoved by situation, not emotional like woman OP.
roof doesn't afraid of anything
roof also keeps people safe from the weather.
This may be an unpopular opinion, but my favorite was bush.  I love me some good bush.
But bush broke the kid's arm
That kid got what he deserved for being such a faggot.
Bush is a faggot he brought America into debt 
I choose Pick one.
HE HE HE HE HE HE LEL TOPLEL LOL LUL LOHL LZL LFL LGL LSL .2FUNEE4MEE
so many related feels
minimalistc, I like this repost
Howd it make top?! Fuck you
So much repost my head hurts






FTFY
No need to be redundant.
?
Thread links:.
Truly not worth it.
Wat
Loses* 1/10 opistard
Considered x-posting to .?
THIS IS A THING?!
Yup :)
Today I cried tears of happiness.
Well have fun over there! The other mods and I will be happy to have you in the community!
I even get a welcome :,) Gosh. I have such good tard tales, too. I am overjoyed.
Why was OP at tard camp?
Being a tard wrangler most likely
I absolutely lost it at "...begins to grumble quietly like a distant satanic hog." 
Only OP would be at a tard camp
You are my hero for showing me this sub.
oh god, I lost it at "SSSEEEVVVEEENNNNNN".10/10 op
Hoo haaaa hoo lel sevon wuz soooo Gud t med me sids huert 10/ leleven 

Wranglers? I've been calling them handlers since 6th grade, but I like it
Fuckin retards. They should euthanized.
Great job OP, now we've all been flagged by the FBI and PRISM is digging up all the emails I sent on Prodigy
please die
I am sure 4chan can convince the nt that obama was secretly assassinateed.
can anyone remind me of the name of the cartoon in the original OP?
Shin Chan
Shitpost is shitty
I don't see how this is funny.
4 . on one . on the entire site of ...4 anons are not all of 4chan you retarded double nigger.
Prove it.
keep this shit coming. 


lel
Get Kendrick for Trayvon and I would listen.
KID PRESIDENT VS IDI AMIN
Zimmermon is da winner, mon!
This was posted a few days ago on the 6th I think. I know that because it says so on the post 
Zimmerman killed it. Can't simmer the zimmer
Yeah okay Evan 
Can't nig nog the Zim Dog.
Lyle mcdouchebag tweeted asking for this rap battle a week ago

i'm so sorry
that was EPIC!!!!!!!!!!!
Instantly lost my sides..7/10 not bad singing
Zinnerman killed it.
DORNER VS ZIMMERMAN 
"I got one question mayne... tell me who next?"
Champion fucking post. 
That was rather epic.
the trial is over. this is over played. THIS IS`NT FUNNY ANYMORE
look who came straight from youtube
Alright reddit you heard him. Let's pack it up guys.
/claps
Zinnerman. Dinnerman. 
Boy, I'm glad you have eyes because I sure don't.
Everyone got to . , select "future matchups" and request Trayvon v Zimmerman!
Let's do this.
Lord forgive me for I have Zinned
top fucking lel, how do you even spell it that bad
Did you just say "top fucking lel"? You faget.
It's a joke, candyass. I didn't think this sub was for people to be serious
Can't flim flam
*flin flan
Flan is a popular dessert of Hispanic origin, to which George Zimmerman belongs.
Shots Fired.
Kill yourself.
Oh, ok.
Thanks.
Wow emulates the style of Epic Rap Battles perfectly. I can practically hear them doing it
Seriously, I didn't have to read every sentence twice to get the rhythm, it was really intuitive.
Some might get butt-hurt over using "nigger".
Martin Luther King vs. Gandhi (hugging scene):
They used it in Martain Luther king jr vs Gandhi 
What! link!
MLK: nigga we got more beef than one of you sacred cows, but I'm a bout to forgive you so hard right now
For moot's sake, it Gandhi not Ghandi.
damn he hit you with that ninja edit
Oh my god, someone please make this.
Hello Sei 
Whaaaaaaaaaaat.
I'm totally doing it once I can get the mic set up!
For once 4chan wishes it wasn't all white teenagers.
No niggers would be needed for the video. Just go black face.
I normally just shove the ruler as far as I can in my abdomen as possible and measure it that way
MY SIDES CD
[deleted]
ITT putting down big penises to make ourselves feel good about our inadequate members
XD Mfw vibrating table leg 
XD mfw Youre a faggot.
 shut the fuck up
Am 14 and am 6" not sure how I feel about this
underaged b&
Oh look at all the fucks I don't give 
Hows the 8th grade going? Enjoying summer?
Holy shit man, lay off 4chan. Don't fuck your mind up yet.
says the guy from /d/
"says the guy from /d/" says the guy from \b.
Nah don't worry about it man, me and my friends took it upon ourselves to watch finally watch two girl one cup to see what all the fuzz was about we were around 10 or 11 and we watched and while everyone was gagging I was just sitting there silently watching unmoved or undisgusted and from that point forward I knew I was ready for the Internet.
Thanks for worrying though I appreciate your concern.
-yours truly, i_h8cats
It's never too late, man.
My penis is better than yours.
Too bad you wil never use it on a living human.
Too bad you will never use it on a living female human. 
To bad a living human won't use it. Unless your hand counts as a man.
Ha Ha these cock manlets are funny as phuck, why can't everyone be a 12x12 inch alpha male like me?
12x12 is either a cube or you intended to skip the depth and you've actually got the dick texture JPG from some Japanese rape game in your pants.

12 inches long by 12 inches diameter. He has the first case of cylinder penis, every time he gets an erection he passes out from blood loss.

This cornfused me too. I think maybe he was saying "We really don't want, . need, etc etc"
How does one undergo the process of "corn fusion"?
Its similar to Corn Fission. Its the beginning of the process of creating Corn on the Cob
You can't become imaginary beings...
Well someone has a tiny penis.EDIT: lol. A lot of people in this thread have small penises that they are insecure about apparently. 
Too bad you will never use it on a living human.
Hes got a point. 
Actually, the averege size for a male is 5.5"-6".  The unlucky ones get bigger penises. I say unlucky because women don't like bigger penises because it hurts more.
From a woman's perspective, just no. .Inb4 accusations of a gaping vagina. Not true and my boyfriend's 7incher is perfect.
it's all about the girth!
I've never met a woman that would rather have sex with a 6 incher than my 8x6 inch cock.
Idk how you have an 8x6 cock. Lije, seriously...are we talking about planks here or what?
8 in long, 6 inch around.
also the larger the penis the harder it is to keep it up due to it being harder to pump blood up higher.
Even if he had a 9 inch? Im not saying thats small...im just stating a fact. A 10- 12" dick is unpleasant for some women.
The average vagina is 9 inches deep so a 10- 12" dick would be a problem.. I didn't even know a 12" dick was possible..
Lol i used to know someone who got surgery done to make it 11" but he got creepy o.O and what would it be for a 5' female? 
TIL: PostNuclearTaco is a miniature horse.
Too bad you will never use it on a living human.
Haha
Really tough to accurately determine penis size. If you measure it down into your balls, it's easy to get a long reading (if you feel you'll notice the shaft extends fairly deep in there), but if you measure it only from the top of your dick to the side of the shaft at the bottom closer to your belly button, you can fail to account for the curvature. We'd need an accepted method of penis measurement in order to accurately judge our penis sizes relative to the rest of the male population. Also, girth..Seriously though.
anger = length*width/mass squared. angle of the shaft + YAW
Some people hit puberty early, some grow till they're 21. .The point is : 
Well thanks for not being a dick douche about it, yur makin me kry bae :'(
Too bad you will never use it on a living human.
Haha sure thing, sport 
This is why you use .. 
I bet you have a micro dick, faggot. Your boyfriends ass deserves better.
Not sure if troll or douche...
Is that 6" before or after taking yaw into consideration?
Can someone please explain this?
South PArk
"Guys are always worried about the size of their penis, but girls are just like, "yay, a penis!".Girls are always worried about the size of their boobs, but guys are just like, "yay, boobs!".-Bill Clinton
This. 
"You're one hell of a faggot".- George Washington
"Yo old white cracka you betta get out of here nigga this is ma Mercia now faggot" - Obama
I do believe you both are indeed 'Faggots'.
-Dr. Suess
"Suck my dick Suess"
-Abraham lincoln
"Can't simmer the zimmer" -Zimmerman
"Buy the skittles they said, they will be delicious they said."- Trayvon Martin
Unsuccessful derail.
This fucking retard would probably start singing the song with his tongue hanging out.
A B Ppfhfpfhp- D E Fffff uugh
NSFW m8
It's a NFSW subreddit. Don't complain about this.
2edgy4him
This is actually how I learned to eat a girl out.
I get pretty decent feedback
This is pretty common. Its repetitive enough but still varies. Usually you'll find a few letters that work better for her, keep coming back to those.  Eventually you do the general concept without the letters and add some personal flair
I love that type of pussy! Although she's a bit older than I'm used to...
Too bad it's terrible advice..Source: women.
How does op know what her pussy looks like but be a virgin
OP IS A BETAFAGGOT
Capitals or lower case tho :/
You'll be doing it a few times over, I suggest you spice it, even add a few letters in there..Edit: perhaps draw something
One of my buddies swears by it.
where's the joke?
If you need to ask...
that's a common technique.  is that the joke?
bro, yea, it's hard to explain without getting into the details..Edit: getting in the details why the joke is funny that is
Do I need to keep dipping my tongue in ink as I do it or is once enough?
Just get a little poo from the butthole
It's more fun if you spell something out and she guesses what you're writing.
Sign your name. Like signing a lease, but with your tongue.  I like to think of it as a way of claiming my territory. 
Is that how you told her that you're really gay?
my sides are gone 
u got im gud m8
Plot twist: It was a guy not a girl. The Lion Queen
The notorious "Sneaky Rafiki", for those curious.
Too bad that never happened
Should have posted one of the good stories from the thread, not an obvious fake one.
OP in that thread also seemed like he was probably the greatest person to have lived.
7/10 would still kill your father
this was on texts from last night like 2-3 years ago
Earlier than that... at least 4-5 years ago
and it was on . 8 years ago.

Mildly interesting. Thanks anyway, newm8.
avstrali
[deleted]
I'll give it 6 bong
sware on me mum
This is dumb as bricks but made me giggle.  I wish they would rate games on their playability instead of mature content though 
Ever heard of a fucking review? 
Shhhh
U wot m8?
ill shank u in the head innit bruv
Why is it the American rating and not the UK one?

what did it say?
Why weren't you put down by the animal shelter when you were born?.Some things just will never be known...
Two reasons:
Is the 74 your birth year?
u wot m8?
At least you tried.
It's 7474.  He's a time traveler.
ill fukn dek u m8, deck u lik a pak of cards
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and Im the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and thats just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre fucking dead, kiddo.
u say wot m8?
ill open u up lyk a bag of crisps u kunt
What the bloody hell did you just fucking say about me, you cheeky cunt? Ill have you know I graduated bottom of my class in Secondary School, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on Tesco, and I have over 300 confirmed ASBOs. I am trained in Chav welfare and Im the top drinker in the entire estate. You are nothing to me but just another wanker I'm going to mug. I will shank you with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Council Estate, mark my bloody words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, twat. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of lads across the estate and your phone number is being traced right now so you better prepare for the being on the Jeremy Kyle Show, bum-boy. The programme that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking dead, mate. I can be at any flat, anytime, and I'll fucking deck you in over seven hundred ways, and thats just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in shoplifting from Kwik-Save, but I have access to the entire arsenal of my mate Harry's Shed, and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable bum off the face of the continent, you little gob-shite. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I'll hook you in the gabber, I swear on me mum. Youre fucking decked, mate.
Av ya got 17p for the bus mate?
Giv us a quid cunt or i'll stab u
If ya give me 17p I can catch da bus grab a quid and bring it ya? My dad is loaded and I work as a stroke trader bruv, I'm good for it I swear on me mams life.


...*FOR:
look mate just cause we make that piss doesn't mean we drink it. VB for life.
Fookin' prawns
 i still laugh after 16 years of this bullshit
Hey, in my defense:.a) I . to microwave the spaxetto but he didn't want to wait.b) lots of famous people shit in their closets like Lenny Kravitz and Adam Sandler and Adam Corolla.c) it wasn't even a real knife, what a faggot.call me op
lol fake..Am I doin it rite, r/rchin?
No, you're doing it wrong. Very wrong. 

That link sent me nowhere. Do we really NOT have a subreddit for the Crimson Chin?
Not sure why the but the cold spagooter was the best part.
Spagooter
Yea I read that part too 
How do you hold a knife while playing smash?.OP is a giant faggot
In mouth?
.
Pretty easily. Just use the same fingers that are wrapped around the controller's grip and hold that while also holding the knife.
I would have to question that spaghetti I just ate.
it was his mom's spaghetti
He's nervous
On the surface he's calm and spaghetti 
To drop bombs, but he keeps on farfalle
Super smash bros: ruining freindships since the begging of time 
R. Kelly's so proud of his son.

Lel it was probably his dad that he fucked, stop kidding yourself anon. 
This isn't even that fucked up compared to other "wincest" threads.EDIT: Not complaining. All these incest/molestation stories are fucked
Sounds like he kind of forced it on her, and she was too timid to say no.
[deleted]
 
that is fucked

Wtf did I just read
Pussy. 
THAT IS DEFINITELY ENOUGH INTERNET FOR THE NIGHT.
Fake and poorly written. 
just because it is poorly written why would you think its fake? what in particular makes you think that this did not happen?
Just sounds made up to me is all
Even if it is fake OP stayed on the thread and answered questions until the thread 404'd
Weird huh
You must not go on 4chan then
Am I the only one that got a real hard fucking boner?

I did not get a boner, maybe it's because I'm on the toilet reading 4chan posts on Reddit. 
............................
..................................................n-no
Shoelaces = injecting heroin
I might be new, but I have the suspicion that /fa/ stands for /faggots/.
TIL

Tfw its not your fault

ironically, it's eerily similar to a "sizzurp" or "lean" which is what Trayvon likely bought the skittles and watermelon fruit juice for. He had posted on facebook about drinking "lean", which is a drug concoction of codeine, mashed up skittles and fruit juice.
This drink has quite an edge to it.
First the "9/11", and now this..Damn, somebody needs to make a list of offensive drinks.
Should have had equal amounts of tequila and vodka. To be fair though, that'd probably be pretty nasty.
Sorry for the hangover? 
this shit is like two years old, for fuck's sake. are all you people here just unaware, or what?
I think the actual concoction is Arizona fruit punch robitussin and skittles, and the name sound something like purple sizzurp.
HAHAHA wow hey look at the irony and OMG TEENS DO DRUGS?!? A boy is dead. I should really quit reddit. You people fucking suck.
aaaand another shitbag redditor goes on my iggy list
Too soon, hahaha
Robo isn't used in sizzurp. Only codeine syrups.
Too soon?
I shouldn't laugh at this.
Too soon
2Edgy4Me
I couldn't help but laugh
Do people realise that mixing Coedine with Arizona Watermelon and Skittles makes a popular drug which goes by the street name "Lean". 
you out of touch m8?
It would taste so bad
Do you realize lean is just promethizine ( sorry for spelling error) its prescription cough syrup that contains the opiate codiene, I like to drink it straight it's quicker. Buying tea and skittles is legal even if he had a bottle of lean at home to mix it with. 
But how else are we gonna prove he was a swindling nigger?.
A Martini is made with Gin.
This is kinda fucked up, I'm sure Zimmerman is going to be assassinated 
Such edge! Such humor! Such indifference! Such!
I'm going to forward this to grandma, she'll love it!
please, if you can't handle 1 shot of vodka and a bunch of sugar before passing out you need to quit drinking.

Maybe one shot will take you down if your under 21.
replace vodka with everclear
I was just talking about making a trayvon martini with my friend on the ps3, who's listening in on my conversations??
The NSA.
This is why the internet was invented. Thank you.
What about the bitters?
This is days old...still funny 
Thats pretty much hot off the press for this subreddit which likes reposting from 5 years ago.
Ah didn't see the 4chan sub..my bad 
I can think of worse ways to be remembered.
A martini is a GIN drink.  People are stupid.
Thank you.
Isn't even oc on 4chan

Svedka _
Do people realize that a 17 year old kid likes soda and candy.
BUT HE A NIGGER AN ALL NUGGERS R MAKIN DRUGS
Do people realise that Treyvon's phone records indicated that he knew how to make lean and his body showed high levels of codeine use and it wouldn't make much sense that somebody would walk down the street in the middle of the night and the pouring rain to buy some candy. .Not this even matters I was just stating that instead of mixing it with vodka you can have a lot more fun
Completely disrespectful...I will be down voted to hell but I don't care. What a messed up post.
1 year, 4 months, 19 days
This is fuckin disgusting. The kid was a person and all you fucks can do is mock his final moments of his life on reddit? Seriously, fuck all of you. You can downvote me to the depths of hell. Fuck you in your bitch ass fuckin faces. 
Fite me IRL kid I'm fuckin jacked.
If you say your jacked and that's your qualification for being able to fight, you need jiu jitsu in your life. Meathead douchebag. Its ok son. Youll mature someday son. 

Or you could use skittle vodka
Lrn2 take a joke. I suggest you leave if you can't.
I'm a professional comedian. This isn't comedy. Its dog shit. You're one of the people I'm saying fuck you to. Fuck you. 
Being able to tell a joke doesn't mean you can take one. You obviously can't. Please take your butthurt somewhere else.
I can see why there is a "miss" in your name.
Ya...it was a .take commenting on that shitty ass post. Grow up. I highly doubt you would have posted that if it was your family who died.
duh. my family is way more important to me than a random person's family..and this applies to everyone in this world. 
That's funny...because the whole Trayvon Martin thing means a lot to me and I mourned with many people who felt the same. It's called empathy and compassion. My son is half black and one day it could be him walking back from a store and being stalked by a wannabe cop and murdered. So I'm sorry of I don't find that retarded Trayvon Martini shit funny.
you just proved yourself wrong. you have more empathy and compassion for trayvon because he's black. that's not universal empathy. it's the same as you having compassion for your family over someone else's family. or your community over someone else's community. or your country over someone else's country. or your race over someone else's race. ultimately trayvon had sentimental value to you. .regardless, this wasn't a case of race. this was a homicide between one man towards another.
Riiiiight....as if Zimmerman would have looked twice at Trayvon if he was a white teen walking from the store with his hood up.
assuming every murder of a black man is a hate crime is racist in itself. 
I didn't say EVERY crime...I said THIS crime. There are plenty of race motivated murders, there are also plenty of black on black crime and white on white crime. The difference that I see in this, is that it means more to be because A. My child is half black and Zimmerman had NO REASON to follow the kid, and was even told by dispatch NOT to follow him. The outcome happened because he wanted to be dirty harry. He was tired of "blacks breaking into homes there" and decided he wasn't going to let this one get away no matter what it took. He chose to pull the trigger that night, on a kid because he got his ass kicked for being a strange man stalking a teenager. If it were me, and someone even tried to put their hands on me I would fight like hell, even if that meant cracking a skull. It's called the WILL TO LIVE. Trayvon had no clue who he was...and if Zimmerman had kept his ass in the car and just made sure where Trayvon was going, he would have seen him go to his dad's girlfriends home...and that would have been the end of that story. He chose to pull the trigger...and an eye for an eye I always say. If you murder someone, you should be condemned to death yourself. First Casey Anthony Walks, now Zimmerman.  Our justice system is flawed.
ok, you win
This is #11 on . for me at the moment. Reddit is a shit community. As is 4chan.
Cry some more
unless it's a vodka martini?.the lack of vermouth is more notable. plus you dont shake a martini
Are you retarded
Stirring is better.
Never heard the "don't shake a martini" rule.
This bruises the gin. You should stir martinis. Tho you can shake vodka ones. Hence James Bond vodka martini shaken. Not stirred. 
There were bruises on the knuckles. 
I'm gonna end this bullshit right here. The reason you don't shake a gin martini is because it will make the gin too cold, reducing it's aromatic qualities..Source: I bartended for 10 years.
no, i just know how to make drinks..martinis are stirred.
are you retarded have you ever watched any james bond movie?!?!?!??!?!??!?!??!?!
James Bond is retarded. 
ok :(
A martini is made with gin and vermouth.Get your shit together /b/
[deleted]
Will do.
It's a pun you autistic fuck
Delicious.
Fuck you
[deleted]
fuck off Joshua
Welcome new-friend, welcome!.Feel free to read the side bar any time before commenting and have a nice stay :)
[deleted]
faggot
Gtfo with your morals
 teenager. Subtle difference, but a whole load of fun!
If you don't like this sub, then you can GEERRTTOUTT
[deleted]
Looks like you're the headdick here
Teenager implies a human being.
Black implies not. 
Dats da joke meng
You are a fucking faggot.
[deleted]
Are you having difficulties, newfriend?
[deleted]
Shut the fuck up and get the fuck out you retarded nigger.  Jesus christ we don't give a shit about your supposed moral superiority.  Fuck off.
R/4CHAN leave your morals at the doors.
ishiggydiggy
A wild jew on /pol/?
You retarded shit, vodka martinis are really popular now because kids can't handle gin. 
Well played
also a dry martini is a martini with little to no vermouth
So Martini is basically either Gin or Vodka?
Never forget the citrus skin and the olive ;)
In vodka...use lemon skin for gin and verm.
But I prefer Gin over Vodka :)
Wait a second, is this your first time here at .?.Do you know what 4chan is? 
What did he say?
Something about how low it is for reddit to be making fun of a dead teenager.  I don't think he's a very bright fellow.
On reddit it is never to soon...
If it's your first night, you have to fight.
Then we fuck like animals. 
funny considering its been alleged that he was getting the zona and skittles to make lean
alleged
Lean?
cough syrup + sprite or fruity beverage
It has to be a specific type of cough syrup though, it has to have promethazine and codeine. There's 4 different brands that are legit, hi tec, quali, actavis, and I can't remember the fourth one. Source: I live in Houston Texas, the city of drank. 
It's better with hydrocodone syrup. Too much Promethazine does not make you feel too well. 
Jesus fuck.  Is alcohol just not good enough these days?
Nope
To my knowledge these are popular with underage kids who can't get booze add easy as cough syrup
What do I look like, a bitch?
Not since the feds cracked down on jenkem.
Is alcohol better than euphoric hallucinations?
I'm no expert, but wouldn't that be sprite instead of arizona?
Not necessarily.  I'm told there are several ways to make it.  It's not like the recipe is a family heirloom or some shit.  People experiment.
I read the autopsy, and all the sources that claimed lean. It's essentially bullshit. The liver scaring he had was so minor that it was 1/2 a sentence. I searched all of the text records about codeine but couldn't find the one people kept referencing. It's more the likely he was just 17, bored, and walked to get some sugar. I did that routinely from the ages of 12-18.   
17 year olds with liver scarring? 

Tylenol much?
You didn't search . if you couldn't find 
Nigger got what was coming to his bike-stealing ass. 
Everybody has an Israel flag or JIDF logo. It was an April Fools joke that moot stuck with because /pol/ was already a shithole anyway
Wow I must pay no attention when I go on /pol/. 
If you've been on /pol/ it's virtually impossible to miss.
I must of thought the jews were taking over. Whoops.
He had the watermelon flavor Arizona too which would make some terrible lean. I don't believe he was trying to make lean; it's not that out of place for a kid just to want to drink some soda and eat candy.
Except he had messaged someone he knew looking for a connection to get him cough syrup.  He said he had lean before.
Just because he was looking for it doesn't mean he was making it with what he bought
I never really got too deep in this case. What's the deal with the skittles and Arizona everybody is laughing about. 
Skittles + Arizona Iced Tea, Watermelon Flavor + prescription cough syrup with both codeine and promethazine, equals the 'Lean' variant of a drink consumed mostly by southern rap groups and their fans, called .Martin had messaged someone he knew looking for a source for the prescription cough syrup with codeine, as well as saying he had it before..Purple Drank is very addictive, and has killed several prominent southern rap artists.
lol
"Rapists?"
Don't be a fucktard everybody knows purple drank is made with jolly ranchers and sprite/7up. .No one is using watermelon Arizona that would clash so horribly with the cough syrup. 
the blacks of course!
I'm so glad Trayvon died just to prove how racist the tree swinging niggers are, from Obama down to Trayvon's gf. 
Haha all those Gaboons down here Goin nuts

Yes, that is what he said. 
I'm aware. I wanted him to read what he wrote and think [heh] about it for a second.
This thread was fucking great
If it was then is should have been archived. 
Got a URL?
Not on my PC right now. It was on /b/. Something like "ITT We make fun of Tray on and all other niggers"
There's no flags on /b/. That was /pol/.
404'd
He was carrying some skittles and an Arizona that he got from the gas station.
That he stole?
No he didn't steal it. He bought it from a gas station and was looking all suspicious in the neighborhood like peeping into houses or something. That's why the zim zam confronted him and flim flammed the 'sumbitch.
Yes, before the Zim Zam delivered swift justice.
George Zimmerman is now the new 


God damnit, that is beautiful.
We saw it too.
Many times, at that.
this actually sounds delicious.

.kill yourself
It would be better with gin. Vodka is terrible for cocktails. The bad stuff tastes like paint thinner and the good stuff tastes like nothing.
That's actually the whole point. Vodka is supposed to serve as an alcoholic base that doesn't interfere with the mixers and flavors you add to it. If you want flavor, go with gin, rum, or any of the other base spirits. But yes, I agree that gin is probably better suited for this one..Source: I'm a bartender
Id say nail polish remover but same shit
It would be better with some promethazine 
Isn't it the point? That it tastes like nothing?
It's the point if you're a raging pussy who can't handle alcohol.
I can't handle alcohol if I don't like the taste? Being this autistic...
I prefer gin in my cocktails as well, but if the only mixer in this one is Arizona Watermelon, vodka would pair better with it. Because it tastes like nothing. Gin and watermelon juice would taste godawful.
Just go straight Ever Clear. Used to do EC with Snapple in my younger years. Now I use it to clean ecigs and do stuff with weed. 
Is there any benefit from cleaning your clearomizer with alcohol? 
I've heard people using it, but I just either use warm water or let it soak in dish soap for 30 mins and dry burn it. Both work pretty well, but it doesn't get the dark juices out good. 
My main reason.  My ADV is usually 555 from Mt. Baker and I love their Pooh when I can get it vaped properly.  It's completely black.
I heard bad things about the pooh. Lol.
I have a huge amount of RY4 that I'm never going to use because I don't care for the taste or color. Same as maple syrup and a few others I have copious amounts of.
I found the best combination so far but their shit's expensive.  . .  I bought a bottle of their Fiction and they send a sample of Cheebs.  That mixed with a few menthol drops.  Mmm....  I don't like all those sweet vapes besides pooh and cinnamon bun.  Oh and the 
That and the fact that a traditional martini uses gin.  Vodka is becoming popular as an alternative, mostly with pussy-ass little goat-fucking tweens that can't handle their juniper berries.  I mean for fucks sake, it's just a goddamn berry!
these whippersnappers, following this new James Bond vodka martini fad...
Vodka has been an acceptable substitute in martinis for many decades. 
Then it's not a martini.  It is a Gibson.  Martinis are made with gin.
Nope.  A Gibson is a gin martini garnished with a cocktail onion.  .Source: I'm an alcoholic.
I believe I mentioned that already.
Sorry, you made it sound like a recent advent. 
Gin tastes awful. I don't like vodka either. As far as I'm concerned, it's whiskey or nothing. 
You ever have a proper gin and tonic, son? Liquid gold.
I can enjoy good gin in a martini, but I'd rather drink piss than drink gin neat
Really? Martinis are like 80% gin.
there's really not that huge of a difference between neat and a martini
Wisers4Lyfe.Seriously though, nothing's better than whiskey.
Makers Mark for life! I'm actually a registered ambassador for Makers, I have business cards and everything. .Also, I can buy my own small barrel (that I've named) in 10 years. 
Isn't Makers finished as a business? Where did I hear this sort of talk - like a shortage of bourbon due to suspension of activity?
Hmm, a quick internet search didn't yield much- I hope you're wrong! I know they had planned to dilute their product back in February, but then changed their minds once people gave them hell for it. 
Yeah seems you're right...I'm a big fan of Knob Creek myself but Maker's is infinitely more popular. I'll have to grab a bottle soon and give it another try.
will you stick your dick in it?  I mean, I would...
That's funny you say that, I named my barrel "Fleshlight Reserve"...
Brilliant!  Make sure you get some silicone padding over that bunghole then.  You don't want to get splinters.  
What is he? Only men put their cork in a barrel unprotected.
I'd be more worried about whisky dick. 
Gtfo nigger lover
Only on . 
Or Chapelle Show. 
Nope, there used to be r/niggers, but it got banned and so did one of the mods. Also try r/whiterights.
No dude last time i checked r/niggers is still a thing.
There was a whole bunch of featured drama on SRD about how it got banned.
That's why jewditt pisses me off
No shit? What'd you expect dumbass?
die
There's no reason to fear this shot.  It's the . that'll kill you.
Too soon man, way too soon.
Shut the hell up you nigger loving faggot
kill yourself
Hahaha, the chaser!! Because, haha ohhhhh you! 
Sorry, I didn't realize i stumbled out of . and into ..
Shut the fuck up
Oh my god I can imagine preparing a bunch of shots of these at a party, 2 skittles per shot and waiting until everyone has them in their hand, everyone wondering what the hell this drink is."OK everyone I just want to warn you the drink you are about to drink is very potent, it's called the Trayvon Martini, one shot and you'll be on the ground".I can almost hear the groans now
10/10 Would imbibe hilariously.
George Zimmerman's lawyer makes the worst wedding toasts.
[deleted]

TIL unsolicited advertising isn't spam as long as you say as such.
Ok, now I must know what he said, although it probably was worthless.
Is it even advertising? He's not affiliated with . at all and I'm sure they don't want this....
Good way to start drama tho, bet he makes a lot of people angry
Advert for . with some bullshit
Thanks. Yeah.. lame but my curiosity had to be satisfied.
I went from "libertarianism might be worth looking into" to "those guys are the left of tea party folks", once they started posting that crap. 
That's the spams goal
Son of a bitch! Who hates libertarians so much?
Honestly I don't even think it's hate as much as for pleasure
... WHAT ABOUT SAUL!!!!!!!!!
My actual prediction is that Jesse kills Walt.  Because throughout the show Walt has been getting more corrupt while Jesse has been getting better.  So I think that Jesse is going to kill Walt through kindness or some shit like that.
That's gay. 
I'm just waiting for Jessie to find out Walt killed Jane and Mike, and poisoned what's-his-name-baby-tuco.
9/10
Jesse is dead too right? Right? 
My grandmother is dead, too.
there were some threads about how putting this song at the end of any movie dramatically improves it. there were some great suggestions/mashups. possibly archived?
Or he drives home and is finally able to pay for Malcolm's college.
I don't know, what does it say in the fucking post?
I CAN'T READ!
I don't know



Walt Jr is breakfast
HOLEE SHIT A BB/MITM CROSSOVER WHAT A BRILLIANT AND ORIGINAL IDEA
*
OP's boss is Prof. Oak..
"You can't use that here!"
Are you shitting me 
B
DAE blaze it? 
Wow this is stupid
Thank god for that red box I almost didn't see the joke!!! /s
i still haven't seen the joke. wait a seco
There is no joke. Just another dumb pothead's story.
Used to be a cartfag too when I was 15, sadly our cart pushing machine thing was out of commission by the time I worked there. They never fixed it or got a new one.
More
dis is going on worlstah
pretty edgy -_-
so racist, but still funny all the same.
Gold
Would watch that movie! 10/10
faggot stole it from here 
My sides
I'm so glad I don't follow news or anything so this stuff remains funny
One of these days I'm hoping there's going to be an epic green text story about Zimmerman finally confronting Dorner. It's like when an unstoppable force meets an immovable object. 
10/10 best one yet. 
Would have been better if he broken the flip phone saying "we ain't gonna have no evidence of tonight, boy."

I can't wait for the next person to slightly change the setting and wording of this greentext and for basically the same thing to be posted again in a few minutes. The one five minutes ago was really good, too.

best story ever. .11/10 would read again.
9.8/10 would read again.
HEH more like "you Cant Flam Flimmer the zam Zimmer" (I like that a little more )
Where do you think you are right now?
Fucking retarded title.
IDK what I read but I liked it
I was expecting Cosby for some reason..I dont know.
I was expecting The Dorner to bust in at the end 
Can't corner the Dorner.
Something's off here . . .
"i'll just put the punchline in the title, that way people don't have to read it"
Good job putting the punchline in the title, OP.
Because it's a fantastic joke that we all don't know the punchline to...
That's probably because you're a cat

I'm black and I approve this message. 
Got any skittles?
Yeah, I just bought some 
GTFO, nigger.
You're the goat cheese in my eggnog.
You sure showed him! Thanks, Internet Tough Guy!
The fuck'chu sayuh biesh crackawhyeboy
A true american hero.
A real human bean.
You mess with one bean, you get the whole burrito.
I love these. 
Hey now, Skeeter, he ain't hurtin nobody
We don't take kindly to people who don't take kindly
Goddammit it's ruined.
Obviously it was a revolver with a moon clip
What if he was using an m1 garand?
M1 Garand.

Or a Mauser pistol.
M1 looks funnier.
 the punchline was in the title. 
I think we can excuse OP, it was either going to end with that or "You can't simmer the Zimmer".
The title was perfect.
i dont care about what you said, but id fuck natalie portman
Fuck your opinion.
"My Zimmies are rustled".lel
Top lel.
I think that's the only worthwhile take-away from this rather bland attempt.
I liked the dialogue of the niggers. It was pretty spot on
3edgy5me
I enjoyed, "booked it like a librarian." silly and easy line, but I smiled. 
Worst person to be in a human centipede
They'll be scared shitless. Myth: busted.
Plebs..Kari Sweets.
read when shitting

I....I actually have no words. Bye internet.
I guess you could say it's a-.Removes sunglasses*.Infinite loop poop.
Shitception
Literally shitposting.
A+
Q-

sauce on dat pic

Hey man, I've done that for other people before. I'm just asking for someone to return the favor.
Then be my guest, dude!

Thanks buddy! You're the best.
Rippin and a tearin
gatekeeper?
I think some schools have gates and security guards. 
Very vivid imagery

If peeing your pants is cool, consider me /b/
Wait are you the kid that wore sweatpants to school every single day and then in 3rd grade you held hands with Sam while Peeing in the urinal?
I don't know if this is a serious question or just a reference to something, but I didn't know anyone named Sam throughout school.
There was this kid at school that wore sweats everyday of elementary school and even halfway through middle school and I walked in on him several times with his sweats down all the way whilst using the urinal.
Not me, despite being the loser kid that wore sweats pretty often, I learned after the first time. I also discovered "trying too hard" fashion in middle school, so no sweats for me.
That's when you pour water all over the pant leg and say you spilled ketchup or something and had to wash it out.
Soak your whole body, "damn Honkey, it's hot in this motherfucker."
Stolen from Michael Savage. 
Depends on OP's definition of Liberal 
Hey guys I can point out an obvious flaw in logic on an internet post! Do I get a prize?
Math is hard.
my theory is that Liberals had Iodine deficiency in their diet
I came
That homosexual male Anne Coulter has a book with the same title and has made this argument before. 
Op is a 12yr old plebertarian 
Truth
I totally agree
If it's genetic, then how did Ronald Reagan's son become an atheist liberal?
In what way was ronald reagan not a liberal? He expanded the state, increased welfare, "created" jobs. He did pretty much everything Obama talks about.
What do you even mean by that?  Sure, he did increase the military spending by a lot, but that isn't a liberal policy.  He was however, a huge advocate of cutting our social services such as food stamps.  .No he didn't.  He was known for a being a huge supporter of cutting social services for most people.  .What do you mean by "creating jobs"?  Ronald Reagan was well known for trying to cut down on government jobs and advocated for more jobs in the private sector instead.  I would believe what you were saying if he tried to make more government jobs, but he really didn't and did quite the opposite.  .Seriously, educate yourself on Ronald Reagan.  
"He certainly passed massive tax cuts his first year in office, but then reversed many of them when he signed into law the Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (TEFRA)..Former Reagan advisor Bruce Bartlett wrote in 2003 that according to a recent Treasury Department study, TEFRA alone raised taxes by almost 1 percent of the gross domestic product, making it the largest peacetime tax increase in American history. Moreover, Reagan also backed a $3.3 billion gasoline tax and increased the Social Security tax rate."."As governor, Reagan signed the nations then most liberal abortion rights bill. He opposed a ballot initiative permitting the firing of teachers for being gay. And Reagan gave amnesty to 3 million undocumented immigrants.".Just google Ronal Reagan was a liberal and you will be up all night.
Well, yes, this was because his tax breaks weren't working very well because of how much he needed for military spending.  .Well, when it comes to the abortion rights bill in California, he has already said that it was something he deeply regretted and wouldn't have done again.  Also, how is giving amnesty a liberal policy?  .No offense man, but I know way more about Ronnie Raygun than you do.  I've written a fucking 13 page report on that man's presidency.  I know more about him than I've ever wanted to know.  That man was extremely fiscally conservative compared to pretty much all of the recent past presidents before him.  Don't believe me?  Look at how tax rates were before Reagan got in office.  
Lower
Uh, no, not quite at all.  Taxes were actually extremely higher before Reagan was in office. 
.As I said, I know way too much about Reagan's legacy.
.... nancy....
I guess his wife has something to explain...
I knew I was onto something, but now I know, this is the truth.
You have 3 brothers.  None of them are gay. 
So...
Oh no, the 2nd is, I heard him beating of yesterday, and when I joined him, he didn't lose his hard-on.
Except this is fucking wrong. Only 6% of people in the US would fit as being "hardcore liberal". .OP is, and always will be, a faggot. 
This fag is right. Op can't stop sucking dicks
Disgusting mutation

That logic so deeply flawed, that I am pretty sure you are mental retarded. Its so retarded that it isnt even acceptable as a joke.
By that logic, 
You got me.
Goddamit Emily so sick of your shit
I fucking knew it...
 
This is pure gold. Still laughing.
The missing link is millions of people. It's an entire time period of evolution, bridging the gap between one type of prehistoric neanderthal and another. It's not one being. It's like 100,000s of years of skeletons. 

He might as well rape the pretty girls during the holocaust, right before they're sent to the gas chambers.
By then they wouldn't be so pretty. Ghettos, labor battalions, a train ride and all that....
i dunno.. dem ribs... dat gap
hairy legs and armpits. NO THANKS
[deleted]
Or it could be any of us who invents time-travel.
I...I don't even know what to say
Am I the only one who has seen this posted before?
Copypasta, why?
Lol, I had the same thought in 3rd grade when I saw a picture of an australopithecus in a textbook.
What? No.
Nice skype call you have there, I suppose you just wanted to assure us you've got friends?
But... there is not missing link in our evolutionary chain...
Copy pasta
That story got me hard also. Nothing quite as hot as being your own ancestor.
For the love of god some one please link that top gun winnie the poop picture.
There's no such thing as "the missing link". OP is a misinformed retard.
Also, image is a Homo erectus. OP is retarded.
Copypasta..Submit this crap somewhere else.
Why doesn't the fag just use the Phone Microwave (name subject to change).
He doesn't want to be turned into a jelly banana.
No no that doesn't happen it's just a mirage.
classic4chan is that way
That'd be a lot of time travel, but theoretically doable. OP would have to be patient, organized, willing to spend several hundred normal lifetimes in his pursuit to become the progenitor of modern mankind -- our Abraham. He would have to fuck all kinds of strange, smelly, unimaginably filthy beasts; some still brachiating, some slimy, gooey half-amphibions, some hairy apelike things...the list goes on and on. He'd have to diversify, simply to ensure that his progeny would be the successful evolutionary strain. .The years would blur by -- language and civilization would be forgotten, surreal distant nonrealities, ironically irrelevant to the task at hand. He'd be a well prepared time traveler, so disease would be cured, hunger would be taken care of. But the smell of sweat and sex and beast and filth would erase any vestiges of sanity or logic. Only the mission would remain. 
Eventually, he would reach genetic  equilibrium. He would have successfully inseminated every foul beast for a few hundred years. Enough so that his sons and daughters, half-animals and stranger, would be virtually guaranteed to survive in genetic perpetuity -- in one fashion or another. The chain would be forged, link missing. His mission is finally over. .The time traveler would then wander, lost. His grand unifying vision, those thousands of relativistic years ago, has left him a hollow shell of animistic tendencies within which a tiny spark of humanity still resides. The smell will never go away. No amount of soap can clean that type of limbic sense memory now. Millennia of breeding has made him numb. He cannot even speak any longer - speech had been unnecessary to his cause. .Confused, wasted, hollow and feral, OP returns to his mother's basement -- arriving the same moment he departed. The bright light from the single naked light bulb hurts his eyes. Bewildered, he eats it. The only light remaining in the dank room is a flickering blue glow emanating from a chunky CRT atop a sagging card table. A tiny memory, more of an impulse than anything, tickles what remains of his mind. He walks over to it. There is something familiar about the images he sees on the screen. Something oddly comfortable. Grunting softly, he sits on the folding chair in front of it. His right hand naturally rests upon the mouse to the right of the keyboard, responding to ancient instinct. His left hand, of course, tugs on his scarred penis. He is home again. .Welcome back, OP. I blame you for my back hair, neckbeard and halitosis. 

It was a goal of mine to bang an aborigine chick when I went to Australia. That is, until I fucking saw one in real life. 

Oi m8 fuk off or ill punch ya in the gabber
That's cockney you fuck-nut.
Oh my god! The world is going to end because it was cockney and not Aussie! Nooo!
Yes, and we'll all blame you.
Wow, I'm suprised the world hasnt ended yet if it will end over simple things
gay
It was a goal of mine to bang an aborigine chick when I went to Australia. That is, until I fucking saw one in real life.   ( ^_^) .Let me fix that for you (automated comment unflipper) 
This bot is just as annoying as the first one.
Ah man, I want to be there if he gets to do this, just so I can watch ancient men rip his flabby pasty white 4chan ass to fucking shreds...
old as shit
Do you have that guy's skype profile picture or can you ask him to send it to you and give it to me?.pls i want it

that monkey man looks oddly like Childish Gambino
haha totally
You're onto something here.
[deleted]

3edgy5me
Wtf happened to jerking pizza post
 
ok
This pasta is so fucking stale.
Its like there is a cycle on ., when the pasta is created it gets a shit ton of upvotes. Then when it reaches its sellby date it gets downvoted to hell. then after a year or so when there is 1000 newfags, or a 1000 oldfags with short term memory loss, it gets a shit ton of upvotes again. This is the reason there is no OC anymore. Fuck newfags man
Here's an idea.Why don't make OC instead of crying about it?
And post it to this cesspit? get fucked newfag
This is reddit not /b/.why don't you edgey/10 somewhere else
awful

Just go to Detroit fagget
lol. detroit is officially bankrupt, announcement will be this week
Got a link for details?

faggot*
2 politk 4 me
2realleif4me
faget*



Because black peoples 
NEVER FORGET 
Carl Johnson just went full retard.
"I was 18 when it happened"
"When it happened"
Yeah, okay

I wanna role play with this guy..I'll leave it up to you to decide what form of roleplay I mean.
I hope it's the kind that involves vigorous use of my hands.
That left a lot of room for the imagination..I like it.
SA wasn't a game - it was a way of life.
I spent way too much time getting the dude swoll in the gym... Just to think, if I spent that much time in the actual gym...
Brotha gotta keep lookin sharp for those hot coffee dates.
You'd end up spending about half an hour working out..Good job.
I think you underestimate how much I had the dude workout in that game
It takes a single in game night to max out the buff stat lol
I'm pretty sure it took a couple because I remember checking the clock to see when I was able to go back in. Not to mention it wears off. I know it really wasn't . much, but still.
Well I did play it on PC. Super easy to mash on that spacebar. 
Haha true that. I can't even remember what I had it on... It was before this gen of consoles right? I traded in my ps2 when I got an Xbox so I have no idea which one it was.
I'm so glad the fact that he was 18 was highlighted. I might've missed the joke.
What joke?
It was a spoiler
All it did was make me read it first.
If he didnt highlight it you wouldnt be able to see it
Time to learn how to inspect elements.
You're playing GTA V. It's everything you ever wanted out of a GTA game. After hours of underwater diving, doing heists, and buying property, you get in your luxury car and head to the hood. In the distance, a familiar cul-de-sac appears in the distance under the same freeway underpass. The Grove. But the houses are all dilapidated. What used to be a bangin' neighborhood with hoes, gangsters and good times has become a ghost town. You park in front of CJ's momma's house. It's run down. The side paneling is rotting and the windows are boarded up. You get out and take a long, deep breath. You walk to the other side of the house, and when you see it, tears instantly well up in your eyes. In green spray paint, on the side of the house, is written: "RIP Carl 'CJ' Johnson but the GROVE lives on." .Ain't no bustas on the other side, homie. 
RIP in peace.
What 16 year old would be excited about having a baby sibling?
No, this man is a genius, he lets the child be born, and lets say its a girl, then when the 15 year old turns 30, fuck her and let her birth, the baby is now 15 fuck her, abort, rinse and repeat.
"who's your daddy?" just got that extra bit more creepy.
Wait, the mom had her daughter at 14....huh
Except it doesn't mention the moms age, she could be 80.
too bad the daughter had hers aborted. United, the eldest fetus would act both as a wise uncle and on the other side of the cycle the young fetus would serve as the other's big brother. A full circle. A fetus circle. ftus
As the fetus, I can confirm this happened.
But how will we portray op as a faggot if he got two girls pregnant? /s
Were you the aborted fetus?
because it didnt actually happen, OP is a faggot
This is so true.  True level = so
A man can dream....
but not if you're black, if you do that you get shot.
As you should.
1st bitches! 
1ST!!!!!!
Charles won.
4th. You can do it Charles!

We did it guys!.CHARLES IS 1ST!!
This must get out to more people
1st place now, good going people.
As of 3:30am EST he is number 1... Nice job guys and girls.
lol, you wont fool anyone, OP
Charles made it to first! This will become legend.
Don't get complacent /b/ros we have to keep the voting going. This has to happen!
guys he's fucking first.we fucken did it!
This shit must be rigged there is no way this other dude is beating the power of the chan.
I want this to happen.
Currently 1st! Go Charles! 
Hes 1st now
He's currently 5th
I have a web proxy as a part of my website.  Using that counts, right?  Also, if you all use it, would it count for you as well, or would it only count as one vote for everyone using it?
We have a winner!

Charles is coming 1st :D


Hahahaha hes 3rd place
If anything these girls will wake up tomorrow and be heartbroken that Charles has surpassed them on the leader board.

hahaha hes fuckin first now
I feel like I've done something today. Thanks reddit.
1st now!
This has to happen. It must. IT MUST.

He was first and I refreshed and now he's 2nd, sheeeeeeeeiiiit.
1ST ON THE RANKINGS HELL YEAAAAAAHHHHH
Please don't fuck this up reddit. Hahahaha damn I can't stop laughing at his pic. This would be unreal.
Just voted. Go Chuck!
As of my vote, Charles is now first. Now to see if they accept the awesomeness.
He's in first place!  How long until they DQ him?
Can someone link the thread (if its still going) ?
"...But I feel 22 if that helps....". LOL. I wish I had more computers to vote from.
Who's going to make the #Vote4Charles, #Charles2013, and #Justive4Charles t-shirts?
Already 3th!


Taylor must be shitting bricks right now.
I met Taylor Swift once...  Her. Hair. Smelled. Fucking. Glorious. 
He must win.... NOW!
He's third now.
It says right on the page "Share this page with as many people as you like to increase your number of votes!".I think we're all friends. Therefore any votes from us must count!
Go charles
The station running the contest is just going to rig the votes just like Oprah did with that disabled guy wanting his own show even though he was clearly going to steamroll everyone.
I think it is a good omen that my captcha was "ipanti moistened"
It is done.
3rd. #FAITH4CHARLES
Why the fuck is my man Charles not number 1?.Shenanigans! 
1st. WE DID IT REDDIT!!
Voted from Scotland.  .He's No.1 at the moment.
Twist: op IS creepy fat old Charles
Charles' Twitter: twitter.com/cgz79
  .We have the same phone and the exact same charge. 
Charles got first! Go Charles!
You do understand the people running the contest will just pick second? 
HOWEVER it is Taylor, she might end up giving him something anyways. So he wins either way. 
I just helped Charles..Here's the link for lazyfags
Charles #1
Just thought I would post a link to the Leaderboards. 
You Go Charles!!!!
Number 1
If there is any justice in the world i want this to happen. 
WE PRESIDENT NOW
WE FUCKING DID IT.W00t W00T
Go get em charles :')
I neither upvoted not downvoted this post and I realized that at some point in the near future I'll be sitting on my couch watching a clip of some guy smelling Taylor Swift's hair and I'll think to myself "I did nothing to prevent this".
What app is that OP?
Got my vote. 8th place
HE'S IN FIRST PLACE
My sister is in that competition. She thinks she can win.
C'mon faggots. This'll be hilarious. 
Charles... Please please please lick her face!!!
Taylor swift uses 4chan. She probably made the thread
How the fuck do those 2 random girls have thousands of votes
Is Jake W doing what I think he's doing...?
Well there goes my good deed of the week.
First after my vote!
Holy shit, this is going to be fucking great. We need to keep this up.
how do you get the percentage number to show up next to the battery icon up top?.also, voted
This is why we can't have nice things
Bumping w/ captcha .alchoholic biulyi
Motherfucker is third right now
Annndddd... I voted.
Voted
3rd!!!! 
Pleeease let this happen
just informed my friend that he is utterly fucked.
I approve
Is that a 4chan ap?
Is that a 4chan ap?
His "friend" Charles.
As I speak, He is at number 3. Come on guys, lets make this happen
Well I have now supported a more than middle aged man meet Taylor Swift. My have completed the Internet for today.

Seems like a noble effort.
Hahaha he's in 3rd now!
Still 3rd @ 09:20PM PST.Come on people!
As of 10:43 EST he's at 3rd..We can do this.
Why the hell is there no gushin granny or hitler did nothing wrong on that list im dissapoint
Charles' is in charge now motherfuckers. "You are who you Charles to be....Superfan"
3rd yet. Is 4cham slow, or are there more fans of Swift than initially presumed?
I hope you win.
I think John L deserves a shot. He does know magic tricks.
The radio station will get plenty of attention if they let ol' George win. They don't give a fuck about Taylor Swift. They are a business. 
Shit's rigged
Currently in third place.  God speed charles.
Voted.
do it for me charles!



pls response :(



And even worse: You did nothing to help make this mans dream come true ...


didn't they learn from the time she was going to perform at Horace Mann's school for the deaf?
I want this so bad im about to put it on Facebook 
get on board!
The fuckerrs at 9gag are prolly voting for the girl, because they didn't think of this first..Those fuckers. 
He's in 3rd place and he looks like sniffing her hair is just the beginning by the looks of that picture. The scary part is she'd scare . off just for album fodder. "This fall, Taylor Swift releases her new album: 'My Heart Goes on a Moustache Ride.'"
...reddit...united with 4chan?... My gosh, what have you done?!

Godspeed charles.
Voted. Still sitting in third.
HE'S IN 3rd KEEP GOING
He's in 3rd place right now! 
Charles is third!!!!!! Vote people! We can do this.
Something I can finally get behind 
4th now
Get tor and hit new identity refresh and watch his number rise.
I really hope Charles wins, that boy really deserves it.
This is my friend Charles! Nothing could possibly make him happier than winning this. He promised to tell me how Taylor swifts hair smells. 
Remember, don't click links to the voting page, if they see it all came from 4chan or reddit, they could disqualify him. Copy and paste instead so the site doesn't get redirect traffic
3rd place, the trolls are coming for your spot Curran L. It is inevitable
I just care about the follow up. I gotta see him sniff her hair. I hope they don't dq him
In b4 dude chickens out.
Go Charles (currently 4th)
third place now!
He's up to 4th. Come on people.
Holy shit he's third now
Third!
I love these mass votes. 

He's in 3rd place. He better fucking win.
You can vote again every 24 hours, don't forget. 
3rd place immediately after my vote!!!
3rd!
3rd place!
The little guy is 3rd now XD
Charles got my vote!
We're coming for you Curran L.
he's 3th now
THY WILL BE DONE
CMON GUYS HES 3RD PLACE WE CAN DO THIS
BEHOLD MY NAME IS CHARLES!! 
and i approved this message
Remember the Justin bieber DPRK thing? He might win but they'll just give it to the next teenage girl
Charles is just 2 places away kids.
Behold: .PDF taken from the website, it's specific to this contest..TL;DR they can for any reason disqualify someone, basically. Like say our glorious Emperor Charles for being creepy and not who they want to have win. Sorry folks.
Threw charlie a single fuck that lucky bastard
Creepy. .I voted for him...
Who am I to stand in the way of true love? He is now in 4th.
4th...



he's up in 5th
I voted for Miami Lakes Kia, that's one hell of a sale. 
Someone who works in radio here. As amazing as this would be, never going to happen. Hate to break it to you, most competitions are rigged to get a target deomograph winner. Unless Charles shaves his chest and grows a vagina, odds are slim 
He is now first. Good job guys.
The kicker: "Charles" is a 14 year old girl who trolled 4chan into winning the contest for her.
i hope Charles wins, he is a good fella  
For the love of dorner let this guy win.
[deleted]

Don't think I've seen anyone post a link straight to it, so here it is. The link automatically has you vote for Charles, or so it seems. Don't mess this up. .Charles is currently in 3rd place. 
My little cousin actually had first place for one of these for one direction. Some other girl popped out of nowhere from the hundreds and held a spot at first no matter how many legit votes my cousin got. What I'm saying is stations like this set this up for their ads to be viewed and revenue and just rig a person to win

Motherfuckin Charles better do an AMA if he wins this shit. 
If this works, . are going to shit their pants.


So we basically proved they had preselected the winner from the start with a predetermined 1st and 2nd placer?.LET'S SUE!
They have a captcha just for Charles now (none pops up for other contestants), and his site is consistently down..Lame.
How is Charles still 4th?  He looks like a real up right citizen!
Bumped on up to third
We did it! Hes up to first!
Godspeed, you glorious old pervert!
I just want Charles to be happy.  .You sniff that hair, buddy. You deserve it.
BUT GEORGE AINT GONNA LET ME TEND THEM RABBITS!
T. Swift wouldn't even be mad since she lurks /b/.
proof?
She's the queen of /b/. Lurk more phaggot.

Second one is mildly convincing
It convinced me I need to buy a Scottish Fold kitten and then stick my dick in T. Swift's mouth. Or just buy the kitten. 
Anyway to cheat the system so I can help Charles more than once? 
Botnet
proxy

use TOR

Captcha.
Gotcha.
Worth it
 Charles has come into first place..Nice job, faggots.
We done good

I've never been prouder of a bunch of faggots than you gaylords are.
Don't try to game the system or he'll be disqualified.
it's far too late for that now my son...far too late...
Dad?
Yes?
Someone post this to 9fag. We might as well use those brainless turd-burglars for something. 

On it....I guess. 

how much security will be present if he wins?.will guns actually be drawn as he approaches her?
ahah he looks like a drunk, definitely voting 4 charles.

10/10 would vote for again
lel / lel.lel

Don't you guys see it???? First place's name is Curran....Qurran...Qur'an...Al-Qaeda is obviously behind the first place person!

We have to get Charles into first place to save T Swift from terrorists
4th now. GO CHARLES GO.

CHARLES NO! BAD CHARLES! GET OFF OF HER FOR FUCKS SAKE
Omar, are you a Swift fan?
Yes. But first and foremost I am a Charles fan. 
Beers on me good sir!!
3rd now.  Shit's getting real.
Number one! WE WON!
CHARLES2013


Drunk fuck just popped up to 3rd place.
As much as I want this to happen, I think the odds are high that they'll realize what's going on and come up with some stupid excuse to pick another guy/girl. 
Which is good imo. Let the girl that wins have her fun, it'll probably be more special to her than him.

That's bullshit. But they probably will anyway.

Can someone open the page in a TOR browser, inside an IFRAME tag, and run a script to refresh the frame every minute?.I would but I'm on my work computer

Even if you get it to work, you still have to put up with the captcha
They're using recaptcha, so probably not.
Because everyone knows that recaptcha is the most secure piece of advanced uncrackable software that ever existed forever.

It shouldn't be so consistent. What about once every random time interval greater than 1 minute, less than 5?
Don't try to game the system or he'll be disqualified.
So why can't we cheat votes for #1 and #2 so they get DQ'd?
In the event that that backfires...
Deja vu!! 
this is genius 
Exactly. Someone needs to create a "VoteKarissa!" Twitter account, telling people all sorts of way to hijack the vote -- VPN's, proxies, scripts, etc.  Say you're mobilizing the 4chin army. Make them look sketchy as fuck and get DQ'd. Would be epic ...
We could but they probably wouldn't care if one of those girls cheated, those are the people they want to win. 
Not necessarily. It would be an interesting news story. And that would get a lot more publicity for Taylor than some lame blog story about a teenage girl winning.
Actually surprised at how many votes some of these people legitimately got if our chosen one is only 4th.

It's rigged. The same thing happened to a video of mine back when Gametrailers had a user movie leaderboard on their homepage. The mods purposely made it so it can't get higher than #10 to make it on the homepage because it was "crude and vulgar". The mods at Kiss can probably do the same thing because it's "creepy".
#Justice4Charles #Charles2013
I was disappointed to find out this account hasn't been years in the making.
I'm sure it takes time for their slow servers to process the unwarranted votes we are giving him. I also know nothing about the Internet really so it's just a guess.
They need to configure the server URL configuration diagnostics.
Yeah, the flush_pipes cron job is probably set to run sometime after midnight.
they also need to create a GUI on visual basic so they can track his IP address
a gooey interface
OP is charles
It's probably some 15 year old girl that wants to meet taylor swift manipulating 4chan....
Whoa.
That would be hilarious though
So?

Oh god, make this happen. I can already see Swift's face when her manager tells her that some old creepy dude won the Boston's radio contest and gets to meet her..MANAGER: Good morning Taylor, we just hear from the people at Boston's 108 that the person who won the contest is some 39 year old man. We still don't know how the hell that happened, but yeah....TAYLOR: Oh my...
Wait the rest of the country doesn't have kiss 108? Dude...I pity you guys. It's the best to listen to when getting /fit

shes a /b/tard. probs lurking in the thread
It was her who wanted charles to win. From the beginning.
I want to see her face when she sees his picture.
I wanna see her face when he smells her hair
[deleted]

HAHA he is wearing a Metallica shirt. So hardcore!
FUEL GIMMIE FIRE GIMMIE THAT WHICH I DESIRE
SO HARDCORE HE'S SIGNING I LOVE YOU IN AMERICAN SIGN LANGUAGE.
YEAH YEAAAAAAAAAAAHUUUUUUUUUUUHHHHHH WOOOOOOAHHHHOHHHHHH!
Dude you can sing the song already! 7 minutes of instrumental in a 4 minute song. . 
She deserves it then for being clever.
fathers take note. if you want to win your daughters heart forever, use this same technique to get her voted to the top of a radio contest.
Clever girl.
Choose one.  

pls let this happen
Well, he's in 3rd place right now, so anything is certainly possible.  This is why I fucking love 4chan, because unlike most whiny Redditors, they can actually get shit done if they want to.  

Implying we haven't helped whatsoever
Not sure how the other two are higher than him. A quicker twitter search shows literally just 3 shared tweets between the top two girls. I'd imagine Twitter would be key to this... One thing I noticed is their urls to vote for the contest are just the variables ?i and ?3. Not sure why his is ?2j6... unless they're numerically assigned, and somehow the first two girls got in REALLY early....
Edit:.
Yeah, voter codes are definitely assigned sequentially. So with the top two being "i" and "3", I have a feeling a web crawler is either triggering more hits, or, more likely, #1 is a friend of the radio station. You'd have to know to sign up for this contest INSTANTLY to be that early, out of thousands of people. Like, someone tipped you off when the page went live..
Edit 2:.
Kinda scared mentioning this, but the FB page of the first place girl is normal. Less than a dozen likes per her recent public posts. So that rules out a huge Facebook community. No Facebook and no Twitter, and this guy still isn't #1?.
Edit 3:.
An easy way to compare the attention this is getting:. 1.8k shares vs 70? Yeah... something is fishy..
Also. I see mentions of captchas. That's only for registering YOURSELF. A pageview alone is enough to count as an entry. That's why going to that page, sending in the url automatically does it. (And it's one entry a day. 24 hour check? Not sure when it 'resets', or if it's a hard 24 hour check)

Charles is number 1 now!!
so can we call bullshit somehow if charles doesn't win? or have i invested too much emotionally already?
[deleted]
It's begun
But why would there be two rigged votes (assuming neither of the girls realistically got more votes than 4chan+reddit trolls combined) when only one gets to meet taylor swift?  Did they go as far as to make a decoy rigged voter?  If so why would they only make one?

No clue. All I know is that their two accounts are anomalies. #3 and #19 signed up out of over 3000 people, and they're the top two?.
The last time I had a weird hunch like this, it was during the Taco Bell Vita giveaway, and lo and behold, I was right. People were cheating like crazy.
Weird.  The last time I had a hunch I had Taco Bell.  
More info on the Taco Bell thing:.
They were going to give away something like 5,000 Vitas over 30 days in 3 different ways..
Entering a code for instant win, playing an AR game on an iOS or Android device, or submitting a photo and trying to get votes..
They had a ticker on the page tracking how many they had given away. I know how these systems work. Every X number of minutes, they add 1 to the supply of winning systems, and the next person to log in wins it. It's usually at some kind of steady rate, at least every 24 hours. I did the math, and it was about every 17 minutes a day for the share going for the Instant Win code entries. The best times to win, like the contest for the Burger King Wii, are at fucking odd hours of the night like 2:15AM PST..
I sent in a ton of SASEs and had a ton of codes, trying to use them sparingly, along with using a ton of smartphones to enter the free daily instant win. But there was something wrong. NO ONE was winning. Hundreds were given away, yet Taco Bell's FB page, Sony's FB page, Openbook (Searchable Facebook posts), Twitter and the rest had about 4 people saying they won. NO ONE on Fatwallet, Cheap Ass Gamer or Slickdeals posted that they won. Out of 500 given away? That doesn't happen. SD/FW/CAG people LIVE for contests..
Turns out... when they mailed back the instant win codes to people, the codes were ALL sequential. So a bunch of people were able to guess shitloads upon shitloads of entry codes and basically spam all the search results, invalidate everyone else's codes. What makes it worse is that they were shipping Vitas EARLY, so by the time the scam had been discovered, people already received all their winnings.  .Even with all that aside, there was still a really fishy win rate. In the last 4 days, the win rate went up 10x. The whole thing was a giant scam..
I was posting on CAG saying something was fishy from day 1. I felt better realizing I was right. Still never won.
Jesus who codes these things: if this was done on purpose to get friends to get the vitas, that guy is a genius, otherwise an absolute idiot
Oh, you could bet I started trying to find a link between the company running it and the winners. But ultimately it was some bot-cheating forum.

hmm, i wonder. good sleuthing 
So 4chan is rigging an already rigged contest. I really want Charles to win now because of this injustice.
4Chan can't be rigging the contest, it's a contest where people vote for who they want to win.  A LOT of people clearly want Charles to win (regardless of the reasoning, be it legitimate or just to fuck things up). That's not rigging, that's somebody winning the contest.
4chan brings justice to the unjust
It brings injustice to the unjust.
Charles is #1 now.
[deleted]
Damn.

Use the script for the 1st & 2nd place get them dq'd and Chuck wins 
holy hell
They'll notice every 5 minutes he gets 
500 votes from the same area. 
This. Is. Fucking. Amazing.
Great way to make sure that he will be disqualified. 
I still dont think we can beat the 1 girl who probably had 1 billion followers
What about Captcha?
Well shit
You're doing Sagan's work, son.
[deleted]
It does now motherfucka.
It did for me.
How the hell is he still in third? Who the fuck are these girls? They play hardball.
Hes in first now :D
A vote that keeps 4chan and reddit combined on 3e place... That's rigged alright. I remember 4chan spelling 'marblecake' with the first letters of Time mag person of the year nominees.
Moot is life,
Moot is love.
Could be rigged? Other people have speculated the same.
Either that or they are twitter/facebook/instagram whores
Have you never heard of girlchan?
Sadly this is probably it 

Wut?
We need linkz plz. 
Space that shit out or he'll be disqualified
Yeah, what the fuck man? Are you trying to fuck this up? 
[deleted]
howd ya get past recaptcha

If what you say is true and he doesn't get disqualified. Good work sir.
sheeeeeeeit
if you cheat the system he'll be disqualified :(
ANd if you don't he'll be disqualified also.
Sigh. Reddit, this is like deploying a SEAL team to give out jaywalking tickets. 
why are you on this subreddit lol

You say it like there's a problem with that.
Who are you talking to? Who's 'Reddit'?

He knows too much, take him out. 

I. Am. REDDIT. 
Ive heard so much about you.
If he wins I wanna see that Goddam photo.

And whoever posts it will be basking in all the karma.
Who cares about karma you pussy?

The pussy you just replied to does.
Photo of pussy?

Video ! I wanna see the whole damn thing !

A gif with sound.
That endless loop of cringeworthiness..

ytmnd
Well then.


He looks like Lemmy Kilmister.
[deleted]

Many women have cried no to it I'm sure
Lets add Taylor Swift to that list

Shayna H. and Miranda L. look like the same person
Well boys and girls we seem to have plateaued at 3rd place. This operation is rigged. Perhaps we should go apeshit on the Kiss108FM oppressors.
It won't let me help charles!!! They are onto our plot!
I helped Charles! You're just being a bitch! 
Oh god. I feel kind of guilty now.
first place!!
FIRST PLACE!
Thank you. I'm far too lazy to remember that and type it in. 
HE'S ACTUALLY 1ST NOW :D


His face in that little thumbnail is fucking priceless

Voted Charles on my phone.  I'll get him on the home WiFi too.  And every coffeeshop in the neighborhood
Ever heard of a proxy?
Yes, I'm behind 7.
If i vote through my vpn can i go multiples?
I voted in 9 different countries through my VPN. Added in a couple domestic proxies. So yes I just gave Chucky 14 votes in 5 minutes. Will do same tomorrow. He owes my ass.
got 17 on mine and about 2 dozen through proxies, he better send me a goddamn picture of her
Yes, by switching to a different region/server everytime. .Ps: Use Incognito.
Looks like you can vote every 24h, so make sure to repeat it all tomorrow..I wonder how many servers I can vote from at work... depends on how recaptcha renders in lynx I guess.

It seems like it's letting me vote again when I delete my cookies.
Just keep clicking new identity in Vidalia.
This.  I've helped Charles so much through this.  
running around to those places is more fun.  a greater sense of purpose.
Plus you get to go outside, a concept foreign to most neckbeards.
That's a great point 
I like your altitude.
He likes to get high.
He's 11th right now.

FUCKING 3RD PLACE HELL YES!

He made it!

10th, the thread is still alive on /b/
3rd
8th now
6th now

5th.Edit: now.

Still 5th.
4th
3rd!!!!!!
Voted. He's in 4th currently.

How do u check the rank?
4th
1st
It's dead now
it's back.
It's dead again.
It's back again.



but how do you vote?
Thx fella!
you just load the site (link at top), it automatically counts as a vote for Charles. I assume every contestant has their own 'page'. Give links to friends, they visit, counts as a vote. gg.
His profile pic is the funniest thing I've ever seen

4th mother fuckers!

Now he's in 3rd

3RD!
SECOND!
Still at 4th after my vote. I just helped Charles..Edit again: 1st. Charles should have his day. .Edit 2: you guys are the reason I laugh. Time to browse the real site. 
No real need to update, but he is currently in 3rd!.
I'm laughing so hard right now. Part of me wants this to happen, but my realist part of me is saying there's no way in hell the radio station is going to have this happen.
hes now first :D
First place now!
FIRST PLACE!

Still fourth.

Still at 4th but I'm glad knowing that I helped someone today. Especially after having my cup of coffee instead of helping out underprivileged children.
3rd now
3rd!
3rd now!
mother fuckin 3rd!
3rd after mine.
3rd. loved how sketchy he looked in the thumb, it just screamed "Kid Toucher!"
Shits rigged. 
He's been 3rd for 8 years, now
3rd now.
3rd after my vote

He's FIRST
Who's Taylor Swift's biggest fan? .Charles Z. 
WE FUCKING DID IT



Yup 3rd atm.
I've now commented on behalf of the entire local Occupy group from over a year ago..I'm going to die laughing if any of them notice.

We deserve medals.
We're people now?

I can't stop laughing. That goddamn profile picture in the leaderboard. Holy shit.

BE CAREFUL, PLEASE FOLLOW THE GUIDELINES, WE WANT THIS TO HAPPEN

This needs more attention. 

I feel like this is the only way two teenage girls are managing to get more votes than a guy who has the communities of 4chan and Reddit behind him.

Still, it's been great ..

I was hoping that you'd made a gif
Was anyone else expecting it to be an actual grill in the end?
hardly merciless 
Those dang grills, always trying to get into america
"grill"
Number one suspect?

wut
If this is real, bitch got what she deserved. If not, well written at least.
[deleted]

likewise
You have a lot to learn kid.
What the fuck... He ruined someone's life based on the information he got from spying on her.King fag has been spawned
Fuck her
Two wrongs make a right. Don't let anybody tell you otherwise or you'll get stepped on and considered beta.
So he should have let her marry and divorce him, while cheating the entire time?
No, he should've stopped talking to her and left her ass in Europe.
If he really loved and cared about her he should of trusted her.
That comment was so stupid that I'm not even going to bother arguing.
whiteknight detected
Guess he didn't then..Hmm.

plot twist:  she was using him just for the plane ticket to America
I want believe you OP
This REALLY sounds like some 12 year old autistic retard that browses /b/ all day and got told by his retarded parents about this thing, it's like a 12 year old giving a speech going "And if you didn't know, too much meat can give you a cardiac arrest" with a smug look on his face like he knows his shit, you get what i'm sayin?.Fucking faggot.
Living in Germany and a gay friend of mine is friends with this girl that keeps trying to convince him to marry her so she can get citizenship.  Shit actually happens.  Seen lots of ugly military dudes get Russian or Czech mail order brides too.  
Except this actually happens.
[deleted]
I remember my first day...
I know it happens...goddamit why does everyone in here not get the point? I'm saying it's COMMON KNOWLEDGE and this guy says it like it's something so obscure he has to explain it, like he's some kid that wants to brag at how smart he is...fucking get it? Jesus christ...
Calm down faget, it's only a story.
whatever faggot
Muy intelligente. Anyone have a link to that cat pic?

Waaaaah Waaaaahh
Who the fuck would want to move to Merica? I mean its not like most people enjoy being killed for carrying Skittles and Ice tea.
tbh, I've never met anyone who'd be interested in that. Travel or study, sure, but move there and stay? Nah. Maybe if you're spanish. Parts of spain seems kinda shitty atm.
america is like real life GTA4
Would you like your Retard of the Year award mailed or shipped to you?
Millions of spics, micks, Degos, Germans, and dune coons come to this country for the American dreams. Blacks were forced here and are unaware how lucky they are that their ancestors went through hell as slaves but now don't have to live in Africa.
Yus
Don't beat the dead horse 
but it's the Reddit way!
Let me tell you something son. You see, when you live in America and you're not a dark coloured negro, life isn't shit for you. 

Probably Polish or some shit. They still think it's the Land of Opportunity and shit.
You would be surprised. Europeans fucking love the US.
Actually no. No they don't.
No they fucking don't.
I'm a foreign-born European, and I'd never go back to Europe. (visiting is fine).Don't generalize.
I'm guessing from your username you're from Romania. In which case I don't blame you!.What do you mean by 'foreign born'?
:(.Nah, yeah, I know what you mean, but it's gotten a lot better than it was after the 1989 revolution, but then again, how good a condition can a country be in after decades of oppression, accumulating debt, war, and tyranny?.I was born in Romania, in the province of Wallachia.
they do
It's almost as if Europe is a diverse continent full of different thoughts and ideas about various topics .
nah
They do. I live in Europe and a good chunk of the population dreams of going to some place in the US. LA, Boston, New York or Vegas, quite a lot of Europeans would love to go to the US.
Because they watched too many Hollywood movies 
I live in Europe too and we hate America.
be more antiquated and broke, eurofag.
I live in America and I hate America 
Going there doesn't mean moving there. I'd love to go to US for a trip but I'd never want to live there.
Are you fuckers going to nitpick every single word of what I said? Many people would love to live there as well.
you obviously have no idea of what you're talking about. Go back to America you bloody yank.
u wot m8
haha 'Europeans' is vague as fuck dickhead
I'll specify for you then..French, Belgian, German, Italian, Spanish, British and Irish. I've met people from those countries that have all wanted to go to the US. Yes, I'm aware that Irish and British aren't really European.
No, none of those people would want to live in America. Not even temporarily, Australia has taken that position decades ago. Your statement holds true for countries with no vocals in its language and/or with kyrillic letters, which would also explain why a smartphone was cheap enough for him to just buy one for a girl.
anecdotal evidence <3.what does that even mean?
Yeah, Russians love the US because many potato in Walmart commissary.
Impossible. How can have more than one potato? 
I know right, premisse ridiculous. 

You might think you are a troll, but your crop helped me to find a sauce:

A mirror link is not a sauce. Please stop. 
And he was messing with you because that image is ancient. 
Faggot, atleast give him the 
[deleted]
Do you have some kind of mental illness?
What did that faggot say?
NSFW if you work at an animal shelter
one can only hope this is true. faggot.
Pretty sure he met a grill.
what the fuck
FUCKING REPOST! I SWEAR FAGGOT! I SWEAR ALL HELL ON YOU!
How would OP know? He's a faggot...
man that joke is so overused
1: Aquire van.2: Paint "free candy" on side (note: candy not required).3: Cruise suburban neighborhood after school.4: ????.5: PROFIT.may not work on adult size bitches
Well done
Fuck! I don't get it.

Fuck, this was beautiful.
Cuz I wanted to
Finally, a song I like used. Wonder what other System/serj lyrics could be exploited for this.
I had that song stuck in my head for 2 minutes before reading that, I haven't heard it in who the fuck knows how long..Am I a wizard? 
Excellent job, I listen to System a lot, but I missed it. 
Top lel, got me. 
system of a down lyrics
Fake. There are no girls on the internet.
Jag fatar inte :(
I don't get it
? 
Alright, now lets get a remake involving a psycho and groupie who're cocaine crazy
i don't think i trust.
That shit didn't happen.  There she goes, creating another fable.
*why'd you leave the ketchup on the table!?
Actually, when I saw that it was never said, just implied she was a girl, I knew there was something fishy about this.
Op created another fable
I love system of a down syndrome. 
Am I missing something?
Edit: System of a Down- Chop Suey! Never heard it before, good song though.
can someone explain this to me
she wanted to.
Can't tell if OP is genius or just bat shit crazy.
Shit, I think we all walked into that so hard.
Sooooo hard
Digging the fresh pasta, OP. 
Once I posted a shitty greetext story ending with cigaro lyrics but nobody got it and I thought /b/ doesn't know soad.
MY SHIT STINKS MUCH BETTER THAN YOURS

and with a feeling so pure

MY COCK CAN WALK RIGHT THROUGH THE DOOR 
Could not figure it out. Had to check the comments and found out it relates to some shitty song from some shitty band I never heard of and now I feel old
You might not like them, that doesn't make them a shitty band.
Don't have any talent? Just mumble into the mic!.Want to get the kids to listen? Do the same thing, but scream!.Why waste time learning to sing, writing lyrics or developing a talent when you can howl into a microphone like a hydroencephalitic retard?
I'm not saying they're my favorite band. But their lyrics do have meaning. I'm sorry that the dubstep and popular music you listen to attracts a bigger crowd and more people like it, doesn't mean you have to disgrace other types of real music . 
Yes. You nailed me perfectly. .Even though I have already stated I'm too old for the bands popular 20 years ago, the shit popular . is right smack in the middle of my baileywick..My god man, why are you wasting your vastly superior intellect on internet forums when you could be discovering the cure for lightbulds or inventing a longer lasting cancer?.That meek, passive aggressiveness demeanor of yours is going to take you places, son. 
Have you read my username by any chance? .You sir have fell victim to the Great Intylerable. 

This is what the highschool kids were listening to back when they were popular I guess..By that time I had already grown and matured out of thinking people who looked homeless and scream unintelligibly into a microphone consisted of "musicians" .Kinda like how you probably look at what the 8th graders are listening to now and laugh. In 10 years or so, you'll be on the internet explaining it all to someone.
Then you must really love .. (Lyrics)
Yes....I was too old for that other band, but not for this newer shit coming out today..Solid, logical thinking bruh
I was being sarcastic. Are you too old for that too?
:( Maybe
10/10 would get System of a Down'd again.
I Don't Listen To This Emo Music
Why Do You Type Like This, Faggot?
Cause It's Some Lame Troll Account Who Only Types Like This. True Faggotry.
it'S betteR theN typinG likE thiS
*thaN
yoU arE correcT. I typeD iT quicklY, theN hiT senD. I felT speeD waS morR importanT theN grammaR :)
I've been waiting for one if these that wasn't walk the dinosaur or something I've seen a million times. Dunno how common this one is but it got me right until the bitter end.
I've never heard of you, so you must be even more of a faggot than the OP
It's actually impressive. That much of faggotry.
10/10 the cheap chinese food was a nice touch
That was the best part. It seemed out of place but I just kept going. The fucker warned me.
I don't think you trust in my self-righteous suicide
I, cry, when angels deserve to DIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
FATHER! FATHER! FATHER! ARRRRRGGGGGHHHHH
WHY HAVE YOU FORSAKEN ME
IN YOUR EYES FORSAKEN ME
IN YOUR THOUGHTS FORSAKEN ME

TRRUUUUUUSTTTTT IN
MYYYYYYYYIEYIEY
SELF RIGHTEOUS SUICIDE
TRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUSSSSSSSSSSSSSSST
IN
MYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
SELF RIGHTEOUS SUUUUICIIIIIIIIIIIIDEEEEEEE.
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
CRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
EEEEEEEVRYTIIIIIIM!

oooooooh In myyyyyyyy self-righteous suicide
Chapter 1 All Things Ali:
                 We arrived in Mexico three days after the initial departure, by train. The home land was as beautiful as it always is. I quickly changed attire into my sleek black Spanish tuxedo. Then we left the train station, to go to Papi's mansion in the heart of Mother Mexico, and it's there where I meet her.  .Upon getting to my Grandpapi's I was immediately surrounded by cousin Carlito. He's  always been my best friend. We laughed with ascots around our necks remembering merry times, when I remembered to get the mail. Upon closing the mail box, is when I saw her there. She was the most beautiful woman I've ever seen, practically glowing. Her eyes were like crystal pools of gems assorted by the goddess Athena herself. Perfect skin, about the shade of rotten grape fruit but with the texture of a peach, for it looks like she hadn't shaven for awhile now, as is tradition in Mexico during the heat games. It only served to turn me on even more..I could find myself getting aroused, I found a cold hand on my shoulder. It was papa telling me that dinner was ready. It was an instant not boner moment. As I sat at the dinner table all I could think of was her. I needed to find her. .So that night I snuck out my balcony climbed down the vines, all while grabbing a luscious apple and taking a hefty bite. As I reached the bottom the entire apple was devoured. I stop in my tracks when I smell a familiar smell, fathers cigars. "He must be near" Ali said to himself under his breath. He can't catch me or it will be 30 lashings before the morning. I quickly make a break for the wheat fields, not even a tracker could find me now for I know the wheat fields more than anyone. I am the master of wheat field. I take a straw out and put it in my mouth. The wheat tell me her story, and where I will find her. .As the wheat guided me through the night, I can smell her scent getting ever stronger. I near a giant house. I know this is where she is Ali said to himself. A light flashes on, candle light to be exact, As we are in Mexico. I see the sparks of spar striking steel. I catch a glimpse of A person in a window.."It tiss her!" Ali cries out in joy, not knowing what to do, As she slowly undresses from the window. .He can't handle it anymore, he only sees her from the back. He goes to the bottom of her window, which also conveniently has vines. On his way up he grabs another apple, taking a hardy bite. As he feels like juices slowly run down his cheeks, Ali thinks to himself, I feel more confident than I ever have. He grabs the rose on his left, a beautiful and elegant rose. He clenches it with his teeth, his beautiful white pearly teeth. He finally makes it to the top of her balcony, sweating a little only to make him glisten in the moon light, The light violently bouncing off of his chiseled swollen abs, Making him all the more irresistible. His long luscious hair flowing in the nights breeze. He's finally so close to her. He suavingly says "hey, I'm Ali, and you're the most beautiful girl I've ever seen." (Ending the sentence with a wink) .she jumps back scared barely covering her large breasts (at least D-cup) with a small fabric. She's immediately taken back by this mans beauty, and is swoon with lust. She manages to mutter ."Hey, I'm Rosalina." She ends the sentence by biting her lip..Ali gets boner by this remark. She slowly uncovers her breasts, Ali feels the blood draining from his head and going to his large large penis. Her breasts are uncovered, exposing her very large and meaty nipples, they remind Ali of breakfast sausage links, his mother slaving over the stove to cook them just perfectly..As Rosalina's nipples are now fully erect and probably the size of pepperoni he begins to tease her nipples slightly with the tip of his tongue, then sucks on them until they're appropriately wet. Her nipples tasted of cool honey. Sweet, yet tender like a sausage
 link.  he could feel his mouth get wetter and his dick get more boner. He violently rips his own shirt. Left only in his trousers, covered in dirt from a hard days work of working in those wheats fields he loved so dearly. He hears a loud monstrous noise coming from the hallway.."Rosalina! Daddy's home" her father is coming to her dorm! .The two lovers are so star struck that Ali, lifted her with one arm, and gently brought her down by vine. He carried her into the wheat field he so loves and under the moonlight in one swift gesture he rips off both his and her bottom clothing's..Now both fully naked in the wheat field, Ali shoves his dank dingle ling into her snouzow. She cries in pure exctasy "Ali! Ali!" Feeling ontop of the world Ali begins to thrust more violently into her ever wetter vagina. The noises of they're bodies slapping together are heard by all the small animals and children, as pure as they are. Her nipples softly brushing against Ali's chiseled chest. One never saw a more beautiful love making than this. He was about to climax, But he didn't care. He just wanted one thing in the world. To cum inside of this one girl, the one girl he loves.  ."ROSALINA!" He cries out in a soft moan, ejaculating nearly all of his seamen into her. This was satisfying.   .Written by M. A. And C.G.

[the rest of the lyrics]
i never heard this song so i dont know whats going on
Chop Suey by System of a Down. First verse.
It would have helped if that verse was any what intelligible at full speed.
That's the only part of the song that anyone knows.
Yea, I know the tempo and I know that each line ends in "up" but the rest of it is just incomprehensible muttering.
I know all the words, even the half ones.
Didn't see that coming, not bad.
Here you go creating another fable.
YOU WANTED TO
:FLKADJ:ONSAD:BVN:SDNVSN WAKE UP
:ENJG:ANKG:LSANG:LKES:GLNSLK MAKE UP
Another Vim user I see.
TIL about 
The only upside to her life is cheap chinese food...
Oh damn. I missed that AND every other part!
Alright, this was a good one.
[deleted]
faggot/faggot would faggot.
i found it rather forced
That's what your mum said last night. .HEYOOOO
More like the next morning.
Fite me fgt
How dare you have an opinion!
i'm sorry, ok? :(
Unfortunately that isn't good enough. 
Thank you, basement dweller. Was sick of seeing the walking the dinosaur ones. 
I will show my appreciation for this thread by coming on your tits.
Better Nate than lever!
Tree fiddy
Flim Flam the Zim Zam
Like chop suey...
Holy Hell, I totally missed that part!
;)
This ruse was quite clever. 
Shit. .10/10 OP, I was duped
Beginning comments suck, ones at the bottom are gold.
Top lel CUM again! Hahaha trolled hard!
"more like Jerky Joe's"
The 5/5 ones are 10/10 in my book..Also, who the fuck legitimately uses yelp recommendations?

Something, something, vinegar strokes....I swear I had something for this.

"I came for the pizza, and so did Joe."
Given that he'd find out soon enough, I'd hit him up for $500 and run. 
Apparently the karate kid guy is a yelp commenter.
Don't act like none of you haven't jerked off at work. 
Security = paid to touch yourself. .But I washed my hands before hitting the homeless. 
That's unhygienic. You should wash them after hitting the homeless you don't want some nasty dickrotting disease.

I can't help but feel that he didn't reaaaaaally need to be circled in the picture
Fuck man, pointing that out made me lol hard
Fuck man, making a comment about how hard you lol'd really made me lol hard.
Fuck man, fuck
Man, fuck, man...
fuuck...
das how i make-a da sauce! ;)
Can u tell me where in Jersey that is because non of the places I call will cum on my pizza? 
it's in San Diego

Not in jersey.
Not an original, I read this months ago, some faggot on 4chan copypasta'd hard
Not as hard as you just autism'd
[deleted]
 gold
10/10 relatable
Thee best combat jack ever!!!  Semper Fi!
One hell of a dishonorable discharge.
Sounds like an honorable discharge.
Motherfuckin' Eagle Eye!
comepletely related american dad clip 
'MERICA!!!
Way worse situation than when your mom walks in on you.
I WANT TO BELIEVE
Holy shit! My fucking sides.
Fucking yes.
I nominate "combat jack" to be proper terminology for masturbation in an unlikely place where the possibility of being caught is high.
We've been calling it a "combat jack" for four years now.
There's a . who's very sad
Considering there's a reference to it in "Black Hawk Down" (The book, not the movie) I'm pretty sure the term is even older than that.
I think it is referenced in Generation Kill also.
Haven't read that one, but my point stands as 1993 AD happened before 2004 AD.
I think 2003 but yes agreed.
So you had your dick out, Not a major concern.
[deleted]
What the fuck are you talking about? 
wat
Hero. End of discussion.
Boy that escalated quickly
Why "battery" psychopath?
Best story ever, hands down.
War...War never changes 
This is wonderful.
Battery is a military term. Like a battalion.
Faggot is a derogatory term, like a ..
Close, it's company sized, but you're correct.
The whole idea behind it being called a combat jack is that it's done during combat. Maybe a tactical jack or something? Tac jack for short.
No, not at all, it's another word for artillery. Like mortars and stuff.
Artillery units call their company sized groups battery. As in Bravo Battery 1/19th Field Artillery where I did Basic as opposed to Delta Company 327th Signal.
Delta 1/19 here!
Can confirm
BOOM! Artillery!
Echo 1/19! 
Wasn't trying to say that battery == battalion, was just giving an example of another military word. Thank you for letting me know what a battery is though, knew the word, was unsure of the meaning.
As said before Artillery calls their equivalent of 'company' a 'battery'.  
Air Defense Arillery does too. I was MANPADS back in the day.
I was a combat bitch, ground pounder, 82nd for most of it. Respect to you though brother! 
Back at you! I was in the 11th ADA Brigade out of Ft. Bliss, part of XVIII Airborne Corps. I was going to reclassify as 11B and go to Jump School when we got back from Desert Shield, but then I got hurt two days before going home and medically discharged 11 months later. Much respect for you guys - it's a hard job.
I hate to be nasty, but you got lucky. You didn't want to be in our company. We got shot up. lost a few, never saw a combat jump etc. That's not an Airborne company you want you want in. Get shot, no glory. .Your job was harder, unless you don't have the balls to level a rifle at the opposition. .I respect my enemy, and will never find him less than myself. I hope you do not either. 
Sorry to hear it. Let's just agree that combat arms all the way around is a rough job. 
Oh, I gotcha, yeah no problem.
Lower torso counterbattery fires. Novel.
Danger close!
If i had access to photoshop I could make this more relevant.
I laughed pretty hard. 8/10
Because he was in an artillery unit and they call each of their companies a battery.
I also have masturbated.
wow, you too? I thought I was the only one!
Dude, we should make our own subreddit! 
"Gotta sit this one out, Lieutenant. I'm busy pacifying an insurgency in my pants."
Boy, you are a faggot. 
Rock out with your cock out.
Hang out with your wang out.
Bop around with your knob down.
 "Jam out with your clam out."
Imagine the Taliban seeing him.  That would probably scare them even more.
Nope, they have a thing for it. 
Not if it was thursday night.
Overwhelmed with revulsion and a feeling like they need to shower and never stop, the defeated Taliban gunmen in that unit begin wearing burkas themselves, muttering endlessly about the amoral American pig-dogs.
Battery? Artillery? .We had a guy that we called action jack because we caught him blowing a load on himself right after a 3 day mission in iraq. He passed put with cum all over him and his clothes on.. Weird part about it was he was still wearing his gloves so he obviously jerkoed off wearing thick leather gloves.
Battery = company = troop = w/e else. OP is a FAG...field artillery guy
See, that's what 4chan has been trying to say, it ain't about being gay it's an abbreviation.
keep telling yourself that
I was a fag too
The stranger. 
Just like back home?
Granny got best jacks.
Gloves made of woman skin.
Like mama use to make.
mfw gloves are made from mothers skin. 
This is the best thing I've ever read on this god forsaken website
You must be new then.
[deleted]
.fgt
Not godforsaken anymore, didn't you hear, . is no longer a default.
Wait, really? Since when?
Yesterday or so.
Huh. Finally. They were giving this website a slightly worse name than it deserves. Thank you for the link!
np. Also, . and . are now default subs, hooray!
Thank you, sweet baby Jesus.
You need to turn on euphoria for them to be a default.
Let me dial my mood-organ up to 888. 
Did you equip your fedora?
Nothing makes you more of a man then fighting with your dick out. 
It depends.  Are painted blue?
Shoot-out with your dude-out...
The man's bayonet. 
Cock slap the enemy to death. 

Son, I am disappoint. This is why your brother . the better dinosaur. 
STAHP
I just spotted you here too.. wow. Wasn't even in your history
Haha yeah.
 
Combat boner is intimidating as fuck!
General Butt Naked
That's a scary scary man
His a man of god now...it's ok.
General butt . naked
Yeah, he really got his shit together.Naked cannibal boy-eater one day, bible-loving chill guy the next 
Goddamn miracle.
 would argue that he's actually a worse human being now.
Haha, won't be on the default front page though!
But that General Mosquito, forgggeett about it
Celts fought with only golden hoops worn around necks (they believed in fatalism, so they thought that if they're going to die in upcoming battle anyway, nor armour will help them, same if they weren't destined to die). The sight of Roman Legions trembling before hordes of naked, batshit, erect savages wasn't rare during those times..EDIT: Since it looks like you're interested, read . from Horrible Histories book series. It has a lot of useless, gruesome and crazy facts about Celts, and it's written in a tongue-in-cheek manner.
Horrible Histories were great reads when I was a kid.
TIL
It still kicks ass. I think I passed HS history on those books alone, because I couldn't be arsed to listen to some 70y old fuck ramble for 3 fucking years about Roman Empire, WW 1 and Hitler..This, and I had head start of reading fluently at the age of 4 (thank you Gramps, thank you so much...), so naturally I loved books.
Debatable..Look at the battle of Watling Street for a more accurate account of how the Romans dealt with the Celts..TL;DR Battle of Watling ST. , 10,000 romans vs 100,000-200,000 celts. 400 dead Romans, 80,000 dead Celts. 
Goes to show ya, they may have been scared, but the legionaries just shrugged that shit off and got to killing. . at that.
You forget about Furies - unwashed, rabid women that cheered Celtic hordes and flung insults at Roman soldiers (who were seriously terrified)..I think the best battle was Battle of Alesia (80k Romans vs 250k Celts - according to proper history books, not a bloody wikipedia article), where Celts just went full berserk and started fighting amongst themselves. Vercingetorix was a shitty commander.

He was one of the only ones with balls to actually confront the Romans though. They needed someone to unite the tribes and battle against the Romans. .Proved to be much harder said than done.
Well plus alot of the Celts were given some crazy hallucinogens before battle, it wasant rare to see a Celt fighting a tree for an entire battle
As I wrote - great politician, shitty commander. Sure, he united tribes under one banner, but when it came to commanding them on a battlefield, he couldn't even prevent friendly fire. Didn't help they were high as balls on druids' decoctions.
Roman legionaires were pretty bad ass. There's a reason rome conquered most of Europe. 
Why are you using past tense? we still do that in ireland
where are you getting roman legions?
rome
did you paint your wang blue and show it to the pope?
no just the dalai lama
I don't actually have a problem with that.
Being the adorable old man he is, he probably just smiled and flopped out his own schlong in a sign of respect. 
You painted the Dalai Lama blue and showed him to the Pope?
As someone who served in Afghanistan, I can attest to the fact that OP is indeed not a lying faggot and this is likely true. Long, lonely times at an isolated outpost...
[deleted]
[deleted]
Not when it's going past you.
you really think he went a month without jackin it surrounded by buff dudes? op is a fag, man
Lieutenant I'm assuming
Yup. Platoon officer.
I've been shot at. Bullets whizz by, sounding like a weirdly doppler-aggressive hornet. .The gunshot sound follows some time later depending on distance. (Most bullets are supersonic.)
In my experience, a whizz is close and a crack is pretty much at you.  For reference sake, this is from my time pulling targets at Camp Perry's 1000 yard line during competition.
from someone who's account password is qwerty, I can confirm, this is true
Edit:yep it's actually his pass, I checked 
I believe he was referring to the sound of the bullet itself and not the actual gunshot.  When bullets fly by you usually hear a whizzing sound first and then a few moments later you hear the actual gunshot since some bullets travel faster than the speed of sound.
That's only really relevant for high-powered rifles. Like snipers or anti-material....
I am not in the military and am only responding with personal experience that I have had with hearing bullets whiz by from deer rifles, but I would assume that if these fellers were watching each other on ridges that they would be far enough away that they would have to be using some type of high powered rifles like AK's. 
Like "snipers" you realize most "snipers" use the same exact round and have the approximate same velocity of an assault rifle.  Makes no difference.
Um except he said he was in a battery, which means he never left the wire.  OP is a FAG....(field artillery guy)...Also he likes dick for pretending to be infantry
Well you realize you can be shot at inside the wire too
11B2P (Airborne Infantryman) here: Plenty of cannon cockers (artillery) went on foot patrols because there were lots of shortages. They're the first people to get tapped to run patrols when there aren't enough infantrymen available for whatever reason. They still aren't nearly as good at it, but bodies is bodies when you need 'em.
11B1P3V4B here... but c'mon man posting ASI's (additional skill identifiers for you plebes) isn't necessary. Plus I have a few more besides those (i just named the important ones, ranger and sniper), but I swear I got one for a javelin gunnery course I went to, and other shit like that. I see though, honestly TIL. I didn't know they ever left, but that makes sense I guess
Your ASI is ., "Ranger" (The V identifier) is an SQI (Not an ASI) and there is no way you have ranger, sniper school, javelin gunnery, and a "few more" ASIs as a skill level 1 (E-1 through E-4, PVT to SPC) (the number after 11B) infantryman. Next you're gonna tell me you were in a Ranger battalion.
Tbh I didn't check my erb to put everything on in the right order, and if I'm understanding your post correctly you think im an e1-e4...lol. I won't be posting proof of anything, and I can't remember the last time I was asked my asi, I know it as much as I can seeing it a few times. There are plenty of dudes with way more schools than me so I'm not sure why you think that it's impossible
Also, while it is entirely possible you could have one or two of those schools as an E4 in the infantry, there is no way you'd have a tower of power going like that as an E4 and not know how a MOSC works. Outside of the 75th, I don't know many E4s with more than two schools under their belts and most of those are Airborne/Air Assault. I definitely haven't ever seen that many Ranger Qualified E4s outside of Regiment, although there are a rare few out there running around.
I can tell you're a damn NCO, and salty too..(Compliment)
Thanks, I used to tell people when I was a SPC that you had to be stupid or crazy to want to be in charge of the kind of knuckleheads that sign up for the infantry. Turns out I'm a little bit of both.
By the way, you make a lovely lion Leo.
This is why I think you're E1-E4: You wrote "11B.P". The third character of the MOSC is the skill level identifier, denoting rank. Skill level 1 is PVT-SPC ONLY, which are grades E1-E4. In other words, you don't know one of the most basic things ANYONE who has ever served in the infantry would know. You're a liar, a damned dirty liar.
BTW, screenshot for posterity and posting on 
Not everything you see in blackhawk down is true buddy.
whatd he say?
The line about bullets whizing when they're close and cracking when they're far away
[deleted]
Even in that video you can hear a few whizzes...
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and Im the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and thats just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre fucking dead, kiddo.
Gorilla warfare? Are they invading now?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Suuuure is summer
fucking lol'd.
10/10 if troll.
7/10 if copy pasta
Dude chill. The most real gun you've touched is a goddamn airsoft gun I'm sure
[deleted]
You don't know what's going on
Are you new to the internet?
you are obviously new around here. why are you trying to act like the big mouthed cocky 'cool' guy? it's so awkward. just leave.
he deleted all of his comments. that's kinda cute
wtf. This is like the oldest copypasta there is...
The original copypasta
Sounds like the oldest to me then.
fucking lol'd  .10/10 if troll.and mine is the newest, it's all over 4chan currently, but casuals like you wouldn't know that/10 if copy pasta
okay dude.. have fun with that.
no u
Like some elevated post for night watch, only to realize the other posts can see you. And they're all laughing at you.
It's amazing how clear thermal scopes are these days. 
I once thought i was watching a guy bury an ied with thermals. I watched him intently for about 10 minutes dig that hole thinking for sure he was up to no good. Then he dropped trow and took a shit in it...
They shit on their IEDs.
Twist: He took a shit AND buried an IED.
You're welcome.
I wonder how many people have been shot over similar circumstances... not blaming you. Just saying. That seems like an easy mistake to make. Damn.
Every time I watch that helicopter gun cam footage of twenty relatively disorganized guys in a field being blown away I always think "somewhere in that mess is some poor fuck who just wanted to break in his new sandals, and now he's goo."
Intensely Explosive Diarrhea
He swallowed the IED ahead of time.

This was done on a SVU case in Law and Order as well.

Of all the fake shit I've ever seen this is definitely the fakest.
This actually happened. Source: I am rape. 
Why do I want this to be true?
Because you want to rape and marry some bitch?
Glad to see the police doing their job on that one. 

Duh?
wow. 
Good Guy Anon.
Any smart woman would see through this.  That's why you always bring along a homeless corpse for an alibi.
Yeah, but rigor mortis sets in ...You'd need a pretty freshly dead homeless dude, which complicates things, to say the least.
It's not really rape if you marry her.
Sadly, this was the truth until the 60s in Italy: 
I wish I was in Italy before the 60s
Yeah, that's what I was aiming at.
Wtf
yeah
Alpha as fuck!
Why are the comments on -every single 4chan post- people saying 'this is fake'.goddamn.
Because one usually gets upvoted, and idiots like to play the lottery.
Dat relevant username.
Because they are fake.
No shit, it's 4chan, or /b/ usually.  ODDS ARE its fake.  But do we need 15 people trying to be that cool guy pointing it out for upvotes?
Do you even know what "alpha" means?
Not really.
What should've happened.  

He could just wear a condom or violently fist her.
read that as AND violently fist her
i dont care
fuck you
More like, op tries to rape her.  Doesn't even lift.  Girl punches op and he starts crying and runs away.
Obviously the story was bullshit, but the picture of Carlton as Jesus might have just made my week.
In nomine Patris et Carltonis et Spiritus Sancti
Nah bro, the story was totally true.
It not unusual to feel loved by Carlton.
It's not unusual to feel loved by anyone, for that matter. 
Even for me?
It's also not unusual to have fun with anyone.
It happens every day.
There was a kid in Maine that attempted to do this, no joke, only problem is she died. His name was Kyle Dube, and the girls name was Nichole Cable look it up.
Beta as fuck.
Im gona guess that they were from the lewiston area? Haha shit go maine.

[deleted]
actually, 99 problems  but a bitch aint  one
Actually the bitch . the problem.
What did the dude say? i need to know!
"'intended to kidnap Nichole and hide her; that he would later find her and be the hero... An autopsy determined she died from asphyxiation.".wooowwwww
If you attempt this, but fuck up so hard you end up killing the person you're trying to 'save', you deserve everything coming to you, not only for being a fucked up piece of shit, but for being sloppy as well.
Beta as fuck.
That's gotta be the most /b/ thing I've heard of someone doing for a while 
Dude, that's so /b/.
"I'll rescue her after we finish this raid."
Well of all the things that didn't happen, this is the thing that didn't happen the most..I understand that 4chan is mostly fiction, but the shit needs to be at least somewhat plausible for it to be entertaining/funny.
She definitely didn't realise the rapist and saviour wore the same clothes.
Also she's being raped in an alley and her coworker just shows up?
Blindfolded*
feels
Don't be a fagget just let the autism flow

I think I saw a CSI episode revolving around this. 
And that article explains why this story didn't happen..EDIT: That is to say, the example given shows just one of many ways this plan could go wrong. If OP actually did try this, he wouldn't be married, he'd be getting buttraped in jail.
Man, they sure fucked up.
That's the thing..We can never know for sure, since if OP posted enough evidence to prove that he'd done this, then his ass would be in jail. .We only know about the unsuccessful attempts at something like this.
Enough with that over used bullshit line, for fuck's sake.
"Husband, your dick seems familiar somehow"
There is a line, and this story doesn't even exist in the same dimension as that line.
So...it crosses the line? Or, it doesn't?.Dimensions o_0
What if it's inside the line?
Mind. Blown.
But then who was phone?
No.
In it's dimension, there are NO lines. 
 is a great book about math, philosophy and dimensions.
There's a movie (~40 min) version with Martin Sheen that's decent.
Be teacher of high school German class. 
Have a crush on one of the male students in my class due to his super masculine body. He decides to wear gym shorts one day and gets a half boner in the middle of my lecture. I can see a little bit of his bulge. Start pocket pulling (really easy to do because my sweatpants have pockets. Tell students to talk to each other for a few minutes. Pull out my gay porno mag and cleverly conceal it ( right under a stack of papers and just above my demerit slips). Student walks in late and I yell at him and tell him he's getting a demerit. Throw a slight tantrum and accidentally throw my gay porno mag on the ground. Everyone sees my boner through sweats. I give the student a detention and tell him to not be late. My penis stays erect all this time and when he got to detention I came to the thought of banging the previously mentioned student.
Teacher was fhrious
Wow, man. You like, used the term for Hitler. That's some edgy shit right there.
Oh ze Germans..
Anon won't be getting another demerit from that teacher.
Or . he? ;)
_
OP was really the German teacher for obvious reasons
I miss the good ol' days of seducing the youth into joining your psuedo-utopian settlement and working for free while you fuck their wives preaching the reinterpreted words of Jesus..Why must OP be such a gaht damned faggot...
Dafuq did I just read? Now everybody at work is looking at me.
wot
Who doesn't watch their moneyshot?
where are the fucking pickles when you need one
Holy shit this subreddit hasn't made me laugh in a while but this did the trick
wat.
So random.
Where did my spork go?
Ah, here it is! 
Yoy shut your god damn whore mouth
Hold on let me get this spork out of the way.
Nice alliteration.
I take Anal (with my Girlfriend, I promise! I'm totally 100% flaming hetero) very seriously. This offends me. Everyone knows before inserting the 3 fingers you're supposed to loosen your butthole with a large, carnival dill pickle, then feast upon said pickle as your fist gently slides in.
Would try
Only 3 fingers? 3 fists is the best way to start.
Only 3 fists? 3 infants is the best way to start.
3 infants? 3 twin towers is the best way to start.
/thread
wat
there is no in
lel, BUT.is really meta.
Stupid... but I chortled.
I have Chortles.

He made it.
we did it mang
So...100% muscle is a possibility...?
a privilege
white privilege?
thin privilege 
top lel, 3funny5me
Why does the filesize change every time?
That second page was absolutely necessary.
retina is in the back of the eye..You pierced her eye with your "power washer".
I was shagging a girl once a few years ago, I would have been 19.  Great sex, drunk every time.  No condom, so I used to pull out and splash.  So this one time we were doing it, she was on top grinding away.  I said "Fuck I'm gonna blow", so off she jumps and starts to jerk it for me (nice girl).  I kid you not I blew and that shit hit me in the eye.  It burned like fuck for about 3 days...
Ground control to Major Tom. That is the greatest thing ever. 
OP's gf was born without a cornea
As the eyepatch, I can confirm the truth of this.
as the cum, i can confirm that I broke the sound barrier
His girlfriend's name?.Alberta Einstein.
C=um
username related
My downvotes related 


I did the same thing except it went straight through her eye socket to her brain. boy was that an embarrassing 911 call. she didn't make it
this really happened so stfu
Curious; would this be feasible?
Damaging retina? I don't believe.  But it will irritate and burn their eyes like a mother fucker
Spoken like a man who has taken more than his fair share of cumshots to the face.
i think i read/heard/was taught somewhere that cum can come out at up to 60 mph... so he could probably fuck up her eye decently bad..unless im just retarded and remembered my sex ed course wrong.
Yes, but it has a considerable amount of drag which slows it down exponentially. If you think about it if you shot at 60mph when you jacked off yoy would hit the ceiling or across the room everytime.
I'm positive I hit the ceiling at 60 mph last night, if not more. Perhaps your mom's room is actually in half-vacuum?
FTFY
After it happened, she looked up into the night sky and said, "The stars look very different todaaaaay"
"They're all black. Everything's black"
This isn't how the eye works.
As an Alberta, I can confirm I am Einstein
How beta. An alpha male would be telling everyone exactly what happened and his gf would have no choice but to nod in agreement.
aaaaand i read "shifting" and "shitting".
aaaand learn to read
This is fucking stupid 
OP is a faggot with a tiny dick. just use your hand like everyone else you stupid fucker.hell i don't even use lotion.
watchoutwegotabadassoverhere.jpeg
Why did you make a 1 image album? 

spit? what are you a faggot? i do it bone dry son
Ho. Lee. Fuk. 
Captain Sum Ting Wong?
I guess it "rubbed" him the wrong way

soap.Bad for the chamois. Bad for your dick. Overall terrible lube choice..0/10.
OP should use shampoo next time.
OP is an idiot..Emergency rooms are flooded with people who put all kinds of stuff up their ass and can't get it out on a daily basis..They likely wouldn't even bat an eyelid if they saw this.
U fukin stupid m8
say that to my face pussy
U wot m8 kum gab dat shite to me mug irl i rek you kid u be 6 ft under me swer to crist i hook u upside da gabber so hard u do a bckflip 
Pic looks better than 7/10, especially with beer goggles.
This one sucked
And nobody asked for source on OPs pic?
If you ask for sauce on that pic, it's clearly older than you. It's been around forever.
So, sauce? EDIT: Found it. 
Dat PlayStation
Oh shit is that an original PS?
That song is where creativity goes to die
That song is me grinding my pelvis on some chickies buttocks. 
Catchiest story ever
What am I missing?

Two chord repetition and a heavily emphasized downbeat.
I wanted to cover it to add more talent to it.
What's stopping you 
The lack of stuff to work with that is in the song is what's stopping me. 
The end part is song lyrics
Didn't realize a 7/10 required beer goggles. My standards must be very low.
Don't worry it's made up and OP will probably die a virgin
Not really. But I guess it's best to stay at or above 5/10 no matter how shitfaced you are. .I have no doubt plenty of guys will come up with sort of acceptable exceptions to that rule. 
A 7/10 is my minimum sober, which realistically is a 5/10 you take the drinking into account. I generally try to stay with a buddy who won't let me go under a 7/10 though, even when I'm shit faced 
I say stay above 4/10 as there are few 9/10 and 10/10's and you can't just be limited to four categories. .A four can easily look like a 6/10 when drunk, so it's all good.
We're probably making things too complicated anyway. As if a drunk guy and his evenly drunk friends are going to have deep debates whether or not the horseface they're trying to get lucky with is a 4, 6 or 8. That's exactly why the walk of shame exists, and it's probably meant to be that way. 
But a 5/10 sober isnt a 5/10 with beer goggles.
I'm talking 5/10 sober, no matter what it ends being on beer goggles. If you only reach 5/10 WITH beer goggles, a friend needs to intervene.
How to fuck your daughter? Like it's different.
I recently had a job of recovering this lady's files from a desktop that she shared with her husband and three sons. It turns out one of her sons was gay and I'm the first person to know.
how do you know the family doesn't already know??
99% sure, from personal docs and correspondences. 
Gf? In law? OP, ya dun goofed.
Fag he says it's his gf in the first thing. I doubt some /g/entooman has the balls to marry a girl; the story is probably made up anyways.
maybe he was telling about a story, then switched to present tense. But OP's probably just a faggot
Aren't they all? (on 4chan I mean)
Thanks for clarifying Bob.
No prob :l
teehee. You called him Bob when clearly he doesn't like that
Bob accepted the fact that he's a Bob. Beta as fuck. Dammit Bob.
[deleted]
What, no they aren't.
You shutup
Never search for *.jpg. Some things can't be unseen or forgotten.
classic faggot OP. should have told that bitch what was up.

Beta..Should have showed his girlfriend. Then before she leaves her fathers household in a rage, he should give her father an image of them fucking with the caption, "this is how I fuck your daughter".
no face
>my face when I have no face
dog space no face




Who's to say it's not the GF that's looking for some good ol' horse dick?

They warned us legalizing gay marriage would lead to marrying animals.
The whole "what about polygamists?" argument seems like a good point. Who's judging morality here
Yeah if you're gonna say marriage is between people who love each other then ya got to let the polygamists in.
Fixed my dads comp and found so many links to skype sex sights. I keep that info in my blackmail bucket
my dad is so bad with computers he doesnt even know what browsing history is, i've checked his history either manually deletes every site or he doesnt look at porn..which is crazy because i could fuck/jerkoff 3-5 times a day.tl:dr my dad doesnt watch porn
Not too long ago I decided to be a shit and blackmail my dad with the porn I saw on his computer.  It wasn't justified and what I didn't expect was that it was just really awkward for both of us.

My dad watches the same porn he wasn't allowed to watch when he was a teen in the seventies.It's kind of cute really.
Am I the only one who would be horrified to realize my dad watches porn? That's a bad image to get stuck in my head.
The usage of the word cute in this sentence weirds me out really much.
Edit: Really much? That weirds me out even more. I'll let it stay for the heck of it.  
Yeah, and your parents never had sex either!
"How to get pet to fuck me"  , that doesn't scream dad to me. Sounds like the gf is into some kinky shit.
Dat M Night Shyamalamnamamibbleamam twist: .dad's always get blamed
Hard to fuck that up, but you did it
Colby 2012
he dun blamed
And they were all dead the whole time...
Clear the browser history ....rookie mistake. 
.Wanna know how i know this story is a disgusting lie?
was i the only one expecting the plot twist: gf enjoys seeing the animal cock?
You play the Game of IT or you die.
Reminds me of the time I found XNXX on my dad's firefox "recently viewed" new tabs..Fuck you for reminding me of that.
Forgive my ignorance, but what is XNXX?
xnxx is a porn site.
Well I figured as much, I just didn't understand what made it so bad. Like... illegal porn or something.

God damnit why do i keep seeing you on these 4chin posts.
I wonder why I see me here all the time myself.
Plot twist: The girlfriend's into women and also into Beastiality.
and has a daughter.
Girlfriend's dad ain't your in-law, faggot.

What if OP is a horse?
Asking the hard questions.
What if you're not an idiot.
heh, because horse cock
Are you dating sarah jessica Parker 
I once helped a lady friend that knows barelly anything about computers formating hers. The thing is she wanted the computer to be the exact same after (same shit all people with no skills with computers always ask). Well to do so and transfer every file I had to do some digging. Of course I found some weird chat logs from when she was underaged and talking to older pervs online. .Didn't expect that from her tough... To this day i still wonder if she was doing it for the lols or if she actualy got off on turning on older men when she was 17 (she is 21 now)..Not really a turn on to be honest... Well the shit you find on peoples computer lol...
I don't know why anyone would look at someones history instead of just fucking deleting it. I guess I don't repair computers, but I can't really think of anything the history would be useful for. 
blackmail
In OP's case, fresh ideas
So what, everyone has seen that stuff at least once and might have it in their history.  It doesn't mean he necessarily jerked it to it.  
maybe only once or twice
wtf dude
lol "wtf dude".  you must be new here.  this 4chan faggot.  
Just because it's .4chan doesn't mean we all have to make shitposts.
This is one of the perils of being good with computers. Knowing how to scan someones computer for embarrassing files was funny every time until the last time, when i vowed to never look again, ever, and havent..Tldr dont read peoples browsing history it might ruin relationships or warn you of their weird ass fantasies 
This is my golden rule, i want to respect their privacy. And if they dont wanna tell me, then i probably dont wanna know, espeially in case of GF, dad, mom or close friends.
implying that mfw needs a face
i see you fell for my faggotrap...
hihi ima put in an actual intentional typo this time so he will point out that it's "faggottrap" with 2 t's im such a witty master trole xD
That was really cool. You must be fun at parties.
I AM DEFEAT
I know, I really am. If you're willing to come to The Netherlands I'm willing to invite you to one in a few weeks. Will be a nice summer party outside with nice people, mostly uni students and lots of free booze. Obviously, you won't be nearly as fun as I am at the party, but hey, you could learn something.
Autism overload.
I honestly can't ...
Although . may just be the most accurate.
10 made me sad.
Never go full autist?

Relax guys.
No... Let them finish. I could go for a digging-into-comment-history neckbeard battle Royale. 
I'd go with number 7.
I'd like to come to a summer party in the Netherlands. Honestly, that sounds awesome.
Although it's quite likely that someone will provide some weed, before you buy plane tickets I have to inform you with the possibly disappointing news that the drug use in The Netherlands really is hugely exaggerated and you'll probably find more of that in the average American party..That said, it will sure be fun, the weather's great as well. Won't be a big party though, just a backyard one really, maybe ~35 people attending? Anyway, if you're in the area, you can send a PM.
Autism at critical!
Yours or his?
Some self-reflection wouldn't hurt here
Autism meltdown imminent!
You'd be a decent voice actor for a nuclear plant, I imagine..You need to make up your mind though. Are you in favour of old, "edgy", repetitive stuff such as "It was my privilege" or are you against it?

I've been working in computer repairing for a long time. I've seen this countless times. I have a certified program that can go though log files and some special windows related files, that sees the last actions the computer went though before it broke down, got infected etc. This is purely intended for finding the source of the virus or what have started the problem. So we can troupleshoot the problem. But many times, we find very different things than we expect. We have experience finding everything from child pornography to murder photos. This is the times when we are a little careful when searching others computers for errors.
Do you notify police immediately?
If we find illegal items that goes "over the limit" Then we call the police. In the two examples we did notify the police. But many have smaller things, such as illegal software, games or maybe some violent videoes. These we do not notify the police with.
Yeah I wouldn't have thought you would on software and stuff. Might as well report random house numbers for that... .Must have been tough finding that shit, also amazing they wanted a computer fixed with it on there. Dumb too I guess
It's not really that tough. Many people have certains patterns the save their items in. Just to classify we didn't look for anything like that, as we don't want to snatch in peoples personal stuff, that's their business. But we saw the crash log and saw that he had 4 browser windows open at the time, with sites that had confirmed child pornography. Then he had several pictures and videos open with this. Therefore we could conclude that he maybe had much more. We called the police, and we got permission to access and search the computer for this illegal stuff (You also sign a permit allowing us to access your personal data, when you sign the repair quote with us) Therefore this is total legal for our side. We found no less than a folder containing 295 picture files, where the first 3 we went through were chrildren. Therefore we could conclude that the rest also was and left it there. so we contacted the police and they did a research on this. It later turned out that the man had over 700 pictures and videos of chrildren spread over several computers at home. As far as I remember he got around 8 years in prison. We actually got a lot of media attention.
I didn't mean tough to find I meant tough on you having found it. Also wow.
I found scat porn on my ex-girlfriend's computer once. The only other person to use the computer was her vicar father.
its her husband.also women like gay porn
The stuff in question I found mostly in application data under the home folder, and everyone had a separate home folder.
*im on a horse
rule one for any computer tech: dont go snooping. just fix and go. if you inadvertently come across something, "you saw nothing". this rule is the premise for all computer tech jobs and ensures the privacy and confidence of the client for future jobs. unless you are hired within a forensics latitude, you turn a blind and forgetful eye.  
I don't know if you find illegal things it is your obligation and require by law to report it.
Depends how illegal..A computer document confession that they killed JFK = report it..A search history for beastiality = not worth it. Bit fucked up but not worth reporting to the cops.
The one I see get caught most often is guys bringing their computer in for repair and its full of CP you don't report that and get caught your in some hot water
yeah thats the most serious one probably.
Yeah.... And that's exactly what op did
I would hope that the son would know first.
You would be wrong.
he found out after i had my dick in his ass
"Ohhhhh so this is what gay sex is? This isn't so bad."
"Why, by God I actually rather like it!"
i got warned about here am i allowed it looks funny but some people say there are weird stuff on it but i think to myself that everyone is weird and we all deserve a special place were we can be weird together and share stuff about ourselves it sounds like fun if this is what it actually is but before i get told i'll stay away because i get warned a lot but please pm me
wut
OP fucked up... how would his gf's dad be his parent in law.  Ergo story is fake.
Edit: 
Sometimes, I do wish some things did not exist.
It was amusing once or twice.
The bestiality stuff was the GF's. The daughter stuff was OP trying to be hip and ironic.
This is gold. xD
I'm going to hell because i laughed enttirely too hard at that comment
tt
What does "tt" mean?
did you miss the joke enttirely?
I'm not sure if this is what it means here but I've seen it used as a crying face because TT looks like two eyes crying but people just put tt because they don't take the time to capitalize it. 
Oh okay, thanks.

lel
toplel
pretty sure my uncle saw my nasty history this way as well -_-
I found out my friend's mom was a lesbian that way.
Why is he assuming it's the dad? I mean, how does a guy want a pet to fuck him.
Yeah I'm ashamed to know this bug girls and Dogs are pretty common.
What a beta faggot. Extort the old man for all he's worth, and run off with his daughter.
be sure to be nice to ur gf or she'll dump u though
Then lose the daughter to a horse.
horse was hung like a human.

That WOULD explain the size of her cock...
OP is into horse meat.
Everyone on 4chan is a beta faggot.  Any post claiming alpha status is false.
Yep, confirming I can claim alpha status.
Only a fool would take anything posted here as fact.
FUCK YOU DUDE, YOU THINK YOU GOT SOME BALLS?.
 MOTHER FUCKER YOU WISH YOU COULD BE . ALPHA..
  GO COMB YOUR TWAT HAIRS, YOU SNIVELING CUNT.
wot
That...that wasn't even clever.
And yet I took the bait like an idiot.
that bitch dont care bout no fahmilay?
Bullshit, a refrigerator is hot on touch.
she has a cold heart
not funny dickhead how the hell did you get >1000 upboats? Fuck I hate reddit sometimes.
Directions unclear, dick stuck in sister. Pls help. 
At least bitch got food.
And she's in the kitchen where she belongs.
Wow I was in this thread. You must have been the dumb cunt screaming 'SOMEONE SCREENSHOT IT' while you got heckled... fuck Reddit.
Victoria Justice is way too hot to be on that channel.
I swear that it would be incest. But alas it was not.
HAHAHAHAHAHA
Unless OP was inside her.
I posted this in another thread about this - .Sister lives an hour away.Take stupid shit dare from 4chan.ChallengeAccepted.jpg.Get to sisters house.She opens the door, peaks her head out and says "Anon, what the fuck are you doing here?".I say that I need to come in and it'll 
just take a minute..She says that now is a bad time.Push against door with right shoulder and force it open.She stands there appalled and nude.I get an insta-boner.She asks if I want to come in.Aw Hell yeah.We kiss and do the dirty.I leave.Family reunions are awkward as fuck
4/10 did not fap 
I don't understand why people upvot complete garbage
no
I swear I have seen this on almostfunny.com before...
Only that this isn't even almost funny.


Your sister had a boner?
yeah, scared the shit out of me.turns out it was just her vibrator
is that a popsicle or are you just happy to see me?
Oh well that's fine
Uppercase username, under a day old. Delete your account now.
yeah it was until she tried to stick it up my ass.that was a weird day
No man can eat 50 eggs
When I was a lad I ate four dozen eggs every morning to help me get large, and now that I'm grown I eat five dozen eggs so I'm roughly the size of a barge!
What a waste of gains

Commit Sudoku
Eggs harden your shit, not liquefy it.
Eggs suck after about 3 of them. Maybe 10-12 a day would work if you're really burning energy and eating lots of other stuff, or more if you can eat that much..Of course you could just eat all the eggs quickly with laxatives for a technical win, not sure which method is more bearable. Seems like a pretty stupid idea either way.
What was the point that he was trying to prove?
Pics or it didn't happen
Just eat the whites if your so obsessed with weevos..MY secret ingredients for bulking are Tuna, Bananas and good ol german taters
Faggot.
Father's favorite movie:."I can eat 50 eggs."."No one can eat 50 eggs."
You got beat by a vegan... 
this is so fucken funny hahaha
What did he eggspect?
his mistake was not buying the high end eggs. 
Scrambled Eggs all over the place, what is a boy to do?
What was the point he was trying to make? Saying he shouldn't eat that many doesnt mean he "couldn't"
I can eat fifty eggs in an hour.
I probably could, just not all at once.
Fuck off Carlos
Mirin dat Gaston physique 

I was wondering about that too, otherwise it might have looked believable.
He probably undercooked them and got salmonella if this actually happened.
You got to be really shitty at making scrambled eggs to undercook them.
shamefurr dispray
Lilley Livered cowards! Your men are running sir! 
[deleted]
I used to lift, but then I took a > to the knee!
kill yourself
Kill yourself for still getting upset about trolls in 2013.
An*
no, Since it's the Me-me arrow, it's just "I took a greater than to the knee"
no
Who's upset faggot?
My name's Upset.
You can just eat your own sperm after all that egg to regain lost gains.
Okay but seriously... beware that you are so fucking chicken as the OP that you impregnate a chicken egg.
Nobody calls me chicken!
Pls get cancer.
IM DA GEMINI THO?!
I thought that the roommate was clearly defined as a faggot well before then. You know, when he was introduced as a vegan

I just woke up at 5am for work, decide to reddit, and this is the first thing I see. 
Thanks for sharing. 
Air air air air air air air air air.
dafuq?
I needed this in my life.
Probably third if you got this far. The original post, the Gaston gif, and now this.
You mean, best thing?
Gaston can eat 60. That's why he's roughly the size of a barge.
Came in, ctrl-f Gaston, yep, it's here. Good work, Twisty_Tie!
One x-tra large egg has 80 calories and 7 grams protein.  So you're getting 4800 calories and 420 grams protein and 360 grams fat.
Pretty impressive, isn't it, Belle? Are you ready to marry me now?
You're supposed to go for only the egg whites.  17 cals and 5g protein. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
since wen do eggs hav grains in them???
.. 
Was this a Dolan impersonation, or...?
Troll account.
You fucked your side-force up..
Let me fix that:  
Haha newfags. Amirite, .?
no
damn I really wanted this story to end up proving skinny vegan wrong
Really? I thought OP was the moron. 36 eggs in two days, that shit is so stupid.
Well he might be but when I tried atkins and was working out I ate 18 or so eggs a day and felt fine (was too poor to buy steak and shit). I was like 190 pounds though so maybe that guy was smaller. Atkins didn't really give any results though so I stopped.
It did. Pay fucking attention. Rugs lost by OP: zero.
If you look at his arms, they actually get bigger as he swallows the eggs..Eggs = gainz confirmed.
It's a cool hand luke reference for all you idiots who aren't getting it. 
Bullshit I can eat 50 kinder eggs, Gotta get dem diabetes 
they don't call it liveabetes...
I like how he's able to swallow things so effortlessly..I'm may have to search the rule 34 for Gaston, as he seems to be able to take a great load.
Godspeed, good sir.

no you retard it's from cool hand Luke not some faggy YouTube video 
I thought it was a Cool Hand Luke reference.

No. No it isn't. 
why would anyone add those last 3 frames
you could even leave it at "my gains"
watch me
hold my beer
Hold my poodle!
MOTHER FUCKING COOL HAND LUKE!!!
You've obviously never eaten a vomit rug to get your gaynez back.
It really ties your metabolism together.
The preferred nomenclature is Gains American
That's just, like, your opinion, man.
all dat "fiber"
Carpet fiber is best fiber
yeah it all really flows nicely
Rules 1 and 2 faggots, you better stop upvoting these posts to the front page! You're the reason that the newfags keep popping up everyday, YOU are the cancer that is killing 4Chan. Anyways lel datz soooo funny.
k

Of course it never fucking happened it's 4chan. Saying "hurr this is clearly false" doesn't make you look intelligent or skeptical it makes you look like a fucking mong
 dropped 
He dropped a fairly dark skinned baby? JESUS FUCKING CHRIST BRO
Not too clear on how links work, eh?
  eat another eye again....  
good 1
OP your body can't absorb that shit. U ARTARD
I'm bad at reddit, what's the sub-reddit for posts like these?
reddit doesn't want you here
Take out the yoke, eat all the whites of the hard boiled eggs, don't be an idiot
Up until recently I've eaten 6 eggs a day for about a year and a half, sometimes 12, sometimes none..I don't know what kind of faggot it takes to not be able to eat 18 eggs.
lol
That was the saddest thing I have ever read.
You are the saddest cunt I have ever insulted
cancer
God, my sides.
That's nothing... When I was a lad, I ate FOUR dozen eggs every morning to help me grow large.
my sides are gone
Op doesn't know the meaning of moderation. 
A friend of mine once ate 20 hardboiled eggs in 45 minutes. He's a wacko.

Wasn't there some kind of diet that relied on eating lots of eggs and cholesterol-rich food? I'm literally scraping my brain to recall it. I think I heard about it on biology in high school ages ago.
I eat 12 eggs a day. 
That rug really tied the room together.

That's like your opinion man
God dammit, Donny, you're out of your fuckin' element. 
I mean, say what you like about the tenets of National Socialism, Dude, at least it's an ethos. 
Life does not stop and start at your convenience, you miserable piece of shit.
muscle heads don't know what they're talking about with diet.vegans don't know what they're talking about with diet
It's called juicing.
bodybuilders are the most educated people i've seen when it comes to nutrition and diet.
Nutritionists are the most educated people I've seen when it comes to nutrition and diet.
I know more than you.
It's like everybody's wrong.
The only winning move is not to play.
The only correct people are those who claim no answers, and are just feeling it out
...yet somehow there are 7 billion of us...
Good job Joshua
Depends if your goal is gains or longevity
Well actually they know it down to every macro nutrient, at least on a cut.
So nobody here has ever done 2DEAD?.2 dozen eggs a day...I made it 4 days, it wasnt vomiting or gas that got me though. The eggs just tasted disgusting.
Flavor them differently every day?
And prepare them differently. 
cool hand luke can do it
While eating those 18 fucking eggs, flushing them down the toilet didn't even cross his mind? 
Or throwing them at passersby?
Or shove them up his ass so he can work as a chicken in a petting zoo.
Winner right here.
Or working as the Easter bunny 
Certainly not to shellac the rug with vomit..Edit: missing letters
thanks for the only egg pun i have ever liked
Shellac is a resin secreted by the female lac bug, on trees in the forests of India and Thailand.
The more you know...
boiled and peeled
It was just for the sake of winning an argument against a vegan.
WHY'D YOU SAY FIFTY, LOOKAREDSQUIRREL84?!
[deleted]
he's just quoting the movie
Caviar bitch.
For some reason, I imagined Scatman John running like the Phantom when he mentioned it
Old copypasta.
They do spend a lot of time shitting themselves on 4chan, don't they?.Everyone's got a hobby, I guess.
Hadn't laughed from this sub in a while, this changed it. Thanks faggot.
Reminds me of the Oh Boy story.
@_@
Not sure if beta or alpha.
Badaba Dee bop ba bada boop.
Check out ., they shit themselves at least twice a week.
Not embarrassing. You're.just an asshole.
Faggot/10, go kill yourself.
Kill yourself too. Stop posting ratings.
You spend way . time on the internets if you know this is copypasta. 
Bad
embarrassing/10.would read again
S-ss-ssshhut the fuck up
Where the fuck is the face? You don't put MFW and not include a face faggot!


notfake/10
 you don't know what satirical means. 
I, for one, would like to hear his opinion on irony next
Ironically, he probably won't be correct on that one either.
That's deep, I might need to consult Alanis Morissette 





holy shit did I lol

OP was probably wearing a cape and everything.
SO DO YOU END YOUR DAYS WITH ME, OR DO I SHIT UPON HIS FACE?
He was so embarrassed his face turned into an embarrassing greentext.

Sorry, anon. The story about the one kid who shit on Hugo the Hornet at a school assembly is still my favorite embarrassing greentext ever.
Damn this sounds interesting, anyone got a link?

Just google "kid who shit on Hugo the Hornet"
OP left out something


this is evil and i like you

All heil Shitler
Literally Hitler.
I could smell the diarrhea.
Holy shit what a fucking retard i'm laughing so hard.If only it were true.

Oh lord I am giggling hard.
Isn't 10 years old a little too young to be getting shitfaced with your friends?
now THAT is some funny shit
i feel embarassed for him 
embarASSed.FTFY
emBARE-ASSED
HIM-BARE-ASSED
Fuck you shitdick
Words hurt.
So was this "based on a true story" or just completely made-up?
Shut the fuck up.
No.
I don't understand how it was rigged just because a bunch a people on 4chan voted for Charles. If one of those fuckin girls got a bunch of people on facebook to vote for her it wouldn't be called rigged.
How the fuck was it rigged? I'm sure every contestant was asking around for votes. 

Called it as soon as someone cock-lover posted about it on r/funny.
I guess I missed a large troll or something? What is this from?
How does this faggy (blog?newspaper?) know? Cant you idiots just vote AND shut up once?
they jelly..they mirin'.
It's not rigged and he might be a fat old creep, but it's fucking funny. Can't deny his girth - have to let him meet her.
I feel for Charles now.. we have ruined his dream.
How did they find out?? Lol
I don't see how this is rigged. We though he was deserving of this. We voted for him. If we set up dynamic ip switching clients to constantly spam vote, then DDOS the site the second he was in first, then I would agree.
pretty lame to call him a fat old creep.
Awesome
I feel bad for Charles. No one deserves to be called names online... .I sound ridiculous.
Its not rigged if the people in charge of the contest didnt set the winner up
They better not discriminate him and call it off
Ok, I have a new plan. I'm too fucking lazy to read the comments..We register Charles as a cute, young woman... Then do the same thing. They won't suspect a dumb girl who wants to meet Taylor Swift. 
How was it rigged? The voting was done fair and square
Its only a success if he sniffs her hair. 
10 bucks says that she's gonna write a song about the fat old creep that sniffed her hair
Charles-chan!
Full write-up: .Here is the guy that did the write-up: 
.
.

TIL "rigged" means voted according to the rules. 
I just don't get how someone could be so rude to ....
Taylor might be cool enough to let him do it...with a lot of security watching! 
Swiggity swag, E!'s a fag.
In what way is it rigged?
It was purely democratic, Charles is just the best candidate by far!

Is this considered libel?
Stay gold Ponyboy. Stay gold.
E! News is not . to blame. .E! Online could have [redacted]/ change the phasing of the words. But they didn't; this is just sensationalism to get hits on their website.
Fucking bullshit, he should sue them for calling him a fat old creep.
Article in context. Even the E! comments are all saying the author is a shithead. This John Boone guy is a real dick. 
They dare mock Charles like this? I say he sue them for defamation of character, and demand reparations. 
You'd think Taylor Swift would have learned her lesson after performing at that school for the deaf. 
Article was deleted. It seems all the hate he got made him take it down. It is the exploitation of fame whoring at its finest!.We need to start a campaign to take down any article disagreeing with the election and laud the ones who support it.


I would listen to that on every anniversary of the event...
It is against the terms of service.
We can dress him up like a girl. Shouldn't be too hard. 
Indeed.
the dream is dead
he won already?
Oh no. The website has been hacked by anonymous!
He just tweeted @ Taylor Swift, asking for her help in not being disqualified. twitter.com/cgz79
so did he meet her?
Hey at least she will get a good song out of it. 
Sue for slander Charles. 
How is it rigged? He was voted for fair and square.
yessssss..... fuel the fire.
Fuck E news, They're nothing but pure crap...#NoJusticeForCharles
If only Charles was black, then none of these news sites would dare say he was creepy and fat 
How was it rigged?? 
Exactly. How are you supposed to win without people helping or soliciting for votes on Facebook or other sites? 
Taylor swift is a cunt and I think that she needs to be more in touch with men like charles. 
Rigged? I don't think they know what that word means...
This was a triumph
How was it rigged. "creeper" dude got a bunch of friends to vote for him. Easy.
we got E to start a tweet off with "OMG" 
GUISE WERE BIG NEWZ!! 
Like those girls weren't spamming their facebook/tumblr feeds asking their friends to vote for them.  People like to forget that young, sexy celebrities tend to attract (gasp!) older men who'd like nothing more than to bang them.  Good for him, I'm glad he won.
Uh oh. They've taken the leaderboard down. Both 
. and 
.
redirect to the main registration page now. 
So is he disqualified?
How come none of the scores are hidden? Did someone change it back?
TWEET AUTHOR IS A FAGGOT.
Whoever wrote the article must either be and immigrant or a retard, I'm guessing retard because they clearly doesn't know what "rigged" meant.
Fat old creep?? Rigged??? Nope.
Did he get to sniff her hair or did they find out about this first?
I thought this was America.

just popping in this thread to say i voted and was part of this awesomeness.
I found Charles' twitter! twitter.com/cgz79
Fat Charlie! Sing muthafucka!
I knew things were fucked once the poll was crossposted to a default subreddit. Alas it was already frontpage by the time I could engage the fury of my downvote. 
I don't see why everyone says he wants to sniff her hair?.Not that he doesn't, mind you.
inb4 Charles is really a 12 year old girl who learned to game the internet
When do the results come in for this? I'm definitely want to see this guy be really creepy.
Fat and a Creep? That's discrimination. He didn't seem very old either. 
There was no rigging here. He won fair and square. Those little teenie boppers have access to the net too. Charles used it better. And won. For whatever reason - it doesn't matter - fair and square win. 
Now get a good ol' whiff of victory. 
Charles, what a guy. 
Can't he sue them for slander? Or something like that
Libel. which is a much more severe crime.
In Charles's defense, he should at least get a .. In Taylor's, if she goes through with this, she should get new song material. Win-win.
Don't forget to keep voting even though Charles is ahead, we can't stop now and slip behind at the last moment!
'I still feel 22 if that helps'
Oh god hahaha
trigger warning: body shaming, ageism
Rigged? So getting people to legitimately vote for you is rigged?.Boy, they might as well remove all the votes made by Twitter followers. Following the same logic, that's rigged too.
Motion to now refer to charles as sir charles
Sir charltonius
Granted pay the nick naming tax of fifty karma and you'll receive the official nick naming in two to three buisness weeks
It wasn't rigged though. He won fair and square.
WTF?! It wasn't rigged! This is one thing that 4chan won fair and square.
rage/10 would sue.
At least Taylor Swift will get a new song out of meeting Charles 
2brave4me
song should be something like."smells like teen hair"
To the people upset about this

Who's the creep? If I had known about being able to sniff her hair I'd have rigged the contest as well. 
it's not called "rigged" whenever politicians go out and campaign.  If they followed the rules then it's all fair game.  
I will be devastated if the contest disqualifies him. Devastated, I tell you!.Charles Z. for President 2013
Charles- 39.Taylor Swift- 23.apparently math isn't a strong suit
3,7000
Should they have said 1.69565 times her age?
1.695652173913043
Don't be so autistic.
I like how getting people to vote for you is "rigged". Brings a whole new meaning to presidential elections.
yeah isn't the whole point to get as many people to vote for you as possible no matter what? Isn't that the whole point of trying to win a vote?
Way to make that guy feel terrible..
He probably didn't even know his nephew did that, too.
hashtag no justice for Charles
#DONTFUCKWITHCHUCK
Full story

Written by John Boone huh? I say we show him why you shouldn't fuck with Charles' dreams!
TO ARMS!
I'm not giving them the ad revenue. Sorry OP.
Wow, 3,7000 fans were in that contest.  
I saw the same thing. You can tell that E! is very educated.
That is a weird spot to put that comma
That's how it was in the article.
Dat Place Value
Fat old creep? Where the fuck do you get the balls to say that, E? Fucking cunts
What the fuck did you just say about me, you fucking twig? I'll have you know I've participated in more than 75 mid morning raids on Burger King-.I'm not doing this.
They mad bro
Cuz Charles in charge
LEAVE CHARLES ALONEEE!!
Wow, I'm appalled that 9gag would do such a thing.  What scumbags.
To be honest, and I don't think I'm the first to think it, but we ought to shut down 9gag for this atrocious act 
Taylor Swift is super against bullying unless it's against people she doesn't like.
This is a pretty clear cut case of cyber-bullying.
If she's really about all that, I'd like to see her go through with it and get back at E! for this.
whoever wrote that article is next.

In the link EOnline describes 4chan as a "internet message board in the depths of internet hell" pretty accurate IMO.EDIT: not trying to copy revvedup. I did not see that he had already read the article and posted it.
4chan is in the surface web. The deep web contains the "depths of internet hell."
Should they take down their crappy site?
creepy old and fat ? I can't believe they can just get away with such slander. I'm sure this asshole who won and /b/ro is none of those things.
Its actually libel when its printed but yeah he should definitely sue
Libel you autist fuck.
slander is spoken. libel is defamation through print
I blame reddit, honestly. 
I agree, these things are now started anonymously on 4chan and then picked up on reddit where the organisation and mass voting begins semi anonymously.

The fuck would you blame reddit for? This was started by 4chan, done mostly by 4chan

I bet those 9gaggers were involved in this...
No it was reddit. And 9gag
Shit, I'll be checkin my privilege in the corner...

No one in charge of the contest would check 4chan. Not to say its really hardcore only weird guys go to it, but a lot of people from all over come to reddit and this has been on the front page several times..If anyone's to blame for blowing this up...
I'll admit. I shared it after find it on reddit not 4chan, but in my defense, this is the funniest fucking thing I've seen all month.

Exactly and there are kids and people that go on Reddit and would see and bitch and complain about it, if it never got onto Reddit and 4 chan did Its shit nothing would happen to him and it would be unknown 

You cant put Reddit first, it originated on 4chan and even if Reddit didn't get involved he would've still won hands down. I believe this is a reason why 4chan hates Reddit, always trying to take most of the credit for their work
Before Reddit came in the picture 4chan had gotten him to 12th. Not saying it's completely 4chan, but they did play a huge part, reddit just gave it that extra little bump to victory
That doesn't make any sense. 4chan users didn't stop voting once it was posted on Reddit. 

BUT Redditors DID start voting too. You can't tell me that had no impact whatsoever.
Of course it had impact but suggesting the only reason he moved from 12th to 1st is because Reddit got involved is illogical. It would have happened regardless.
Sorry, I didnt do a great job in explaining that. What I meant in that part was the speed in which he got to 1st place
I agree with this..I don't agree with this, we don't have enough evidence to know for sure.
Given 4chan's track record, I think it's a safe bet.
that tweet cannot be any more gay than what it already is. "OMG" "YIKES" what are these people, 12?
Almost like they're trying to appeal to a young demographic (while, at the same time, having no idea how the 'modern kids' speak).
Probably not, but that's the target audience of the tweet.
The kids will respect the effort of trying!
How immature and faggoty can her fans be?
It sucks that her fans are mean little shits, Taylor Swift actually seems like she would be a cool person to hang out with in real life.  

Probably to hang out with, yea, but dating seems to be a definite no.
That's a bit fucking dramatic, no?
If you ignore the gore and traps on /b/, it's quite mild actually. But compared to most of the regular internet, it's bad. Especially if you're a 10 year olf Taylor Swift fan.

Nothing is too dramatic when you are talking about 4chan...
I don't get why people think 4chan is bad. Pretty much everyone has heard of 4chan by now.
That would be why people think it's bad.
Also, pretty much everyone has heard about hitler by now, and Justin Bieber too for that matter.
it depends on your perspective... there are ppl out there that thing reddit is internet hell im sure
It's become a "celebrated bad reputation."  People who frequent 4chan enjoy it being known as Internet Hell.  Like someone already said, there's genuine scum out there like CP and slave trade.  
You know some time I'd like to see what it's like off the beaten path, but I also don't want to get arrested for viewing CP...
Slave trade? what the flying coitus are you talking about......EDIT: CP did pop up a couple of times but slavery nope not once
He isn't talking about 4chan. He said "out there" implying elsewhere from the previous subject of the sentence.
It's out there in the seedy underbelly.  
Yes forgot all about /slavetradefursex/ it must be a popular board
Yeah no that's pretty much accurate
Yeah if all you visit is /b/
Is /b/ not the board in question?
4chan isn't in the deep web, it looks like candyland compared to stuff on that.
When was the last time you stepped off the main path in the deep web? Accidentally stumble onto a CP board then come back and tell me that 4chan is anything other than a big game of pocket pool.
Disable images you fool. 
Always depends what kind of CP board. .I have stumbled across the harmless kind (mostly jailbait and the modeling kind of stuff) which was weird but not shocking or anything..I have heard (and I'm glad I didnt stumble on this one) about the "hardcore" versions with all kinds of sick shit (rape, animal rape, etc). .What I was trying to say: 4chan is as fucked up as you can get without having to spend a lot of effort on remaining anonymous or living in constant fear of the Feds knocking down your door.


There's no way you call someone a 'fat old creep' in public like that. Cunt move. 
If /b/ decided to fuck over the author of that article, I really wouldn't mind.  

I say we do something about this
Agreed.
------E.------E.------E.Pitchforks, grab yours here!
I wasn't reallt thinking about protest.... I was think more like.... turning there website into a rule 34 porn site.
Counts as protest on the internet.
Good point.
-----------| 
Mine broke 
Thanks mods for showing the scores. 24 hours was just irritating..hiding the scores at all is just irritating.
we are based mods
All your base are belong to mods
Say what you'd like, but I preferred it the old way.  There are way too many people who are too conscious about what their actual feelings are on something, and they will immediately delete a post if they see that it gets downvotes.  I felt like people were being more honest whenever they couldn't see their score for 24 hours.  
If people are too squeamish to say what they want then they shouldn't say it in the first place. 

Seriously that was just dumb
I WANNA SEE MY FUCKING POINTS, GODDAMNIT

Oh please she has fucked guys in the same age group just ask John Mayer.
I want to play some Candyland with you.

Your body is a Candyland. 
why ar they being so mean 2 chargles...
he jus want 2 snigf her
yeah, what's creepy about sniffings someones hair?.he isn't going to sniff under her arm or between her legs... right...... right?
And that's not that creepy to you, is it grandma fapper?
how the fuck is it rigged?  .online polls are so fucking retarded, this just proves that if any company/product uses one, they get what they deserve.  .I hope that Charles gets to meet her; if he doesn't, I hope he can find a good attorney and take this matter to court.
ftfy

Just wait for IPv6 when one host will be able to set up thousands of virtual network adapters and in a few days cycle through millions of IP-addresses.  ."And Charles won by six times the human population in votes, congratulation"
That would be a really awkward meeting if he had to go to court to claim his prize.  It'd be pretty hard to "meet" someone when you have to take them to court in order to force them to interact with you.
But the lulz to be had from it.....
All the better, in this instance. Fuckin lelz
Some guy went to 4chan and said "hey guys, let's all vote for Charles!" which is completely fair. The only reason that I think they called it rigged is because Charles is probably ridiculously in the lead and they're afraid that he will win because he's not a 9 year-old girl on Facebook.

He might be a 9 year old girl on Facebook. It's not like they ask for proof of ID before you can make an account.
We all got screwed by a 9 yo facebook girl...
Even better, he might have a 9 year old daughter that loves Taylor. 
Or he might some girl who's a fan of Taylor Swift and this is the best idea that random anon could come up with to try to get her to fuck him...

Oh shit... The long con.
What if the 2nd 3rd and 4th place finishers are all fake Facebook people Charles made?
The safety con.
Could be. But if she (or her parent) was good enough to play this con, she deserves to win (for this arguably debatable definition of "win" of course).
Isn't this the second time she's done something like this and the second time it didn't work out like she expected? When will she learn?

Pretty sure the last time she was sent to play in a school for the deaf.
I'm sorry that's hilarious.
She didn't actually go. She donated money to the school and gave them all tickets to her next show though.
She didn't go? Wtf. Nowadays you can have a contest to visit any school, but only to renege on your word b
That's actually extremely cool of her. Respect gained..Hate her music though..TROUBLE, TROUBLE, TROUBLE
I hear that song all the time with the screaming goat. I don't even know what it's supposed to sound like.
They just played it on the news again with the goats..It seriously pisses me off for some reason
I call that shit cruelty! "Here kids, looking forward to seeing you at my next show! before I go what's a song you want me to per-.... Oh right....
No cruelty would be sending kids that can hear to her concert.
I mean they have signers on duty for big music shows, so deaf people can attend
Unlike the boring angsty white male trash you probably listen to, Taylor Swift's concerts are audio . visual performances. See:.Or:.It's not just some dude standing around with a guitar..Now . a show.
Ch-Charles?
Pfttt... 
Wow, that's really impressive.
Those tickets gave taylor time to hire and train interpreters 
I went to see Slash perform at my local ribfest a couple weeks ago, and for some reason they had someone on stage with them translating everything in sign language while his band was on stage.  I guess deaf people go to concerts for some reason.  
They can look at her. .Maybe sniff her hair.
I'm sure a deaf kid would at least be able to enjoy the concert environment itself. An intimate show is all about the music, whereas a big concert is more than just that.

... she donated $10,000 dollars (and the tickets) rather than playing a show there. You're saying her playing the show there is better?
I wish I was famous and wealthy so I could buy off my obligations. 

You mean those underage deaf scalpers were... oh.
They can feel the music, and some might only be hearing impaired.
While true, i think they enjoy bassy music more than country.
Taylor Swift should just throw a Rave for them.
And supply the drugs.

Never thought I'd be corrected about what kind of music Taylor Swift makes on anything 4chan related.

Deaf kids would enjoy it.
They're her best audience!
Taylor Swift live is just...awful. Not even 100% deaf people would enjoy her, as she can't even dance. 
Deaf kids like music provided its loud enough they can feel it
They should be getting tickets to Slayer then.
I've actually heard deaf people enjoy electronic music shows because they can feel the bass loud enough to dance along to it 
In that case, a concert would probably be better than the show being at the school. And they could sell the tickets (probably).
Right and a lot of "deaf" people aren't 100% deaf anyway.
Plus the school got like $40k out of it
She now needs to give Charles $40k and call it even.

And maybe some of her hair.
Fat old creep?  Charles should sue the shit out of E! for that crack, he's just a very shy, misunderstood kid.

Someone should inform Charles that this is a very viable option. Good ol' stars and stripes.
They're quoting the 4chan OP 
He should totally sue for slander.
They're quoting someone else, namely the 4chan OP 
That OP never called him a creep. Thats way out of kilter
Man I went to the trouble of even finding the OP post and linking it. OP says "click on the link to help a fat old guy creep on Taylor swift".
Creep is used as a verb there, as in "that guy will be creeping on her", not as a noun as in "he's a fat creep"..Thats why I say, nobody called him a creep... at least not outright.
Baby creep Oh I, Oh I, 
"Creepy 39 year old friend".He was called creepy, and it is still hurtful
It also says 'my creepy 39 year old friend', which is basically calling him a creep.
I appreciate that someone who creeps one time isn't necessarily a creep but I don't think it's a huge misquote to say the guy who wants to creep on Taylor Swift by smelling her hair is a creep.

Libel you peasant.
 taught me that.
People really don't get called "peasants" enough, anymore....
A shy, misunderstood, old, and a little over weight kid, who wants to sniff her hair. Nothing wrong with that. I really hope they make a video of him meeting her, and they end up getting along well, because it would be kind of sad to have Charles get disqualified for some reason in the fine print, or have them meet and he really is a weirdo who tortures squirrels and wants to take her fingernails home with him.
I would absolutely love it if these two ended up somehow falling in love with each other.  
And then they break up and her next single "Fat Old Creep" hits the charts.
There was no fine print,  I checked 

 wants to sniff her hair. It's a /b/ user that said that. He could have just saw the guy on the contest and made everything up. After all "The stories and information posted here are artistic works of fiction and falsehood. Only a fool would take anything posted here as fact.".
there's going to be a new song, i can already hear it!.these little chicks think it's not fair.that an old creep can smell her hair
Did he sat somewhere that he wants to sniff her hair? If not, then when does this amount to libel?
I sense a new reality TV show in this 
Charles, Charles in charge... 
Of our days, 
And our nights.
Tagline? 
It's like that one Nerd Dating Models reality show. Whatever it was called...it was awkward, that's all I remember.
Beauty and the geek?
Ahah, yes!
Rude cunt

[thud] [King Arthur music] [thud thud thud] [King Arthur music stops].Arthur: "Old woman!".Dennis: "Man.".A: "Sorry. Old man! Whose castle is that?".D: "I'm 37!".A: "What?".D: "I'm 37, .!".A: "Well, I can't just call you 'man'.".D: "Well, you could say 'Dennis'.".A: "I didn't know you were called Dennis.".D: "You never bothered to find out, did you?".A: "I did say sorry about the old woman, but from behind you looked--".D: "Well, I object. You're automatically treatin' me like an inferior!".A: "Well, I . King.".D: "Oh, King, eh, very nice. And how'd you get that, then? By exploitin' the workers, by hangin' on to our dated imperialist domga, which perpetuates the economic and social differences in our society. If there's going to be any progress--".*....
 not "our dated"
Help! Help! We're being oppressed! 
Dogma brother, but otherwise spot on.
Edit: nobody smiles on 4chan
Everybody's smiling on the inside..Someone else's insides.
COME AND SEE THE VIOLENCE INHERENT IN THE SYSTEM! .HELP! HELP! IM BEING REPRESSED!
Bloody peasant!
Bloody peasant! 
BE QUIET! I ORDER TO YOU BE QUIET!
BLOODY PEASANT!
It's in quotations so it's alright. 
Just like E! Online "News"
But they're still "cunts".
She is a cunt.
Dude, "cunt"
"Fuck" "you"
Did you get promoted from Commodore Queef for that?
That's more like it.
People need to learn what rigged means.  People voting according to the rules is not rigging an election.
Exactly. Loads of people wanted this guy to win and voted for him. How the fuck is that rigged? If the other contestant were likable enough they have got more votes.
At least one person was running a script to frequently vote from either 50 or 500 different IP addresses around the world. At least according to them. So yeah, while it wasn't necessarily rigged, many votes are probably illegitimate. 
Doubt they broke the captcha.

They had scripts though. Not to piss on your bonfire but even the dude who wrote the script showed up in the threads yesterday. 
There's a script? Link?

Thanks!.No link to the script, though :(

ssshhhh
Yah, as if all those teeny bopper girls weren't asking for votes on their facebooks or other social media crud sites.
[deleted]
Someone on Reddit "said" they were doing so doesn't mean it was actually happening..Some of those teeny boppers could have had people doing the same thing for them.
I also like the fact that nobody here has mentioned the fact that the vote required a captcha.
Good point!

How does that work with captchas?
THANKS OBAMA
Allegedly. 

2stupid4me
Well now you just gave it up delete that comment!
This is why we can't have nice things
yeah i had 10,000 computers giving him 123123,312312 votes per minute, fact.
Obviously it was an SRSer reverse-trolling /b/ because they knew the results would be invalidated if people rigged it.
They just don't want poor Ms. Swift meeting any of her fans :(
Well now the cat's out of the litter box

Implying Jessica the backstabbing bitch didn't force her friends to do the same.
Even though you can only vote once every 24/hrs.

That was my first thought.
you're right, online polls are known for their unbeatable security
Mountain Dew?
I heard TIME has excellent security
1190 hasn't had any leaked frames so I agree.
marblecake
also

The game..........shit.
YOU ARE A CUNT
You just broke my longest winning streak. Going on at least a year. Well that was anticlimactic.
fuck you, i read that last post and I didn't even think about it, until your post showed up. you fucked up my life
At first, I wondered how you didn't see it coming..Then I realized you hadn't read "MarblecakeAlsoTheGame" for at least a year and had maybe forgotten about it. Problem with this game is, the better you get at it, the less practice you have.

How dare they call Charles a fat old creep. Charles is a beautiful individual who just wants to meet his idol! What's wrong with that?
He was referred to as a fat old creep in the fucking original post on 4chan you candyasses. 
He should sue them for slander

Also how can it be rigged? He asked for votes and he got votes, simple as that.
So what are they going to rid him of his well deserved prize? He won fair and square. Insulting the man because he wishes to see his idol and harnessed the power of the Internet is disgusting. I sincerely hope Taylor at least provides him with a lock of her hair as compensation due to the emotional trama he has now now occurred..Stay strong Charles. 
I'd say John L who is in 14th place is more of a creep, whats with the magic cards???
What do you expect? We are talking about one of those shitty celebrity gossip sites here.
I believe that is quoted from the thread which started this whole thing, describing him as a "fat old creep"  Honestly to me he seems like a cool dude
I'm proud to say I was a part of the Charles 2013 campign.
They're clearly being sexist against men here.
I say we all reply to E! with something along the lines of this comment.
Seems like he is in an awesome position to sue for slander hahahahahah
This needs to be part 2: Sue everyone that isn't /b/.
Libel* since it was written. 
THANK YOU.
Here they just call him creepy.But they add this so it's alright
He doesn't want anything big. Just sniff her hair. It's harmless. He isn't asking for a meal, or sex, or kiss. or even a freaking hug.
Damn, everytime I go to smosh it always freeze.
And to be fair, I bet her hair smells amazing...
They put it in quotes. As a legitimate news organization, I demand that E reveal their sources.
Which is an anonymous post on /b/. That's also where the hair sniffing thing comes from. We don't know shit about this guy for sure, except he's 39 and wants to meet Taylor Swift
I want to punch somebody for this
These guys are fucking cunts.  I want Charles to win.  Not because it'll piss of all those annoying entitled pre-teen girls, or because it'll teach that website a lesson for opening a public internet vote, or even because Charles may well go and loudly sniff Taylor's hair in the process.  I want him to win because I genuinely think he wants to win as much as any of those girls out there do.  He seems like a stand up guy and Taylor Swift fan who doesn't give a shit about what people think about him or his music tastes, and that's something to be admired..That's also why I believe 4chan has been running with this for the past few days, not just because of the potential butthurt it might cause, but because he's a 39 year old guy who just wants to meet his fucking idol.  So, vote for Charles, goddammit.    

And to be fair, if this is the case...from what I've heard of Taylor Swift, she'd be okay with that..Wasn't there recently another contest she did where they stacked it so another unlikely person won? I think it was like a school for the deaf winning a Taylor Swift concert at their school..While I don't think she played, I do think she spent a day visiting with them and doing pictures, autographs, etc..Fan of her music or not, she seems to be a class act.
I'm fairly sure a lot of it is for the lulz. 
Fuck yeah! And also it'll be god damned hilarious.
It already is god damned hilarious
I actually feel bad for him. No one wants to be called a fat old creep in front of thousands of people.
That poor guy was real, we all wanted the guy to have his fame. Our time of love and compassion is struck off, we wanted a hero. 
Sue them for cyberbullying
Well, the whole point of rigging it was that he was going to be a creep on purpose. Calling him fat and old was just rude though.
*Millions of people?
Couldn't he sue for slander? I mean.. it is E!... smells like a pretty fat settlement check 
If Charles can openly admit he wants to win the contest so he can sniff her hair, I guarantee he can take some criticism..You can tell by his beard that he has moxy.
I imagine he doesn't really care, he most likely finds this all hilarious
What makes him a creep? 
Did you just say thousands? Sweet mother of hellfire turtles, do you know how many people in the world that can internet. _
Hm... thousands. Yep, thousands sounds about right.
If I were him, I wouldn't care. It's E!; they're run by 30-something women clinging to their youth, with nothing better to do than dress up like cheap whores and talk celebrity drama.
I've seen people sue for less than this. NOW IS YOUR MOMENT TO SHINE, CHARLES!!
But the joke is on the thousands. He is meeting Taylor Swift. They are not. She is just a jealous bitch.
He doesn't seem fat and if 39 is old I'm middle aged at 19.
41 here, I started turning grey at 39..:'(

I wasn't aware that feeling twenty two meant you felt arthritis pains.
I heard a late 20 something female refer to a 34 year old man as "middle aged". Bitches be thinking men die around 60 and shit. 
"old" is a relative term. When talking about Taylor Swift, who's 23, they're going to call the weird guy who's 39 "old".
Yet Justin Bieber and Twilight moms aren't old and creepy? dem double standards...
Correction:  For Taylor Swift's fans who are 12, even 26 is super old..Taylor, you've got about 3 more years of music left before you are sent to the farm to live with Britney Spears.

For the Taylor Swift demographic, 39 might be old.  
19 years here also. I feel the grays coming already..
Don't get cocky. I had grey hair start creeping in my beard in my late 20s. 
Alien grays?
24 and balding.
I actually started going gray when i was 19.  
21 here, I'm getting senile over here.
17 here, I think I need a wheelchair.
I'm 7 and my balls just dropped.
21 here my knees are definitely messed up.
Ive had gray hair since i was in 5th grade...
My buddy in high school had salt and pepper in the 10th grade, thankfully it did not get worse throughout high school. Our friends used to tell him to get rogaine.
The fuck is rogaine supposed to do for gray hair? 
Mutha fucka, Rogaine is a better brand name than Just For Men, and we were 15 years old, I was being quite literal that is what was said.
I don't know why this was so funny. 
22, I think my back is going.
18, can someone give me a recommendation on a knee surgeon?
18 and getting fitted for dentures.
22, Greys have made their first appearance. Resistance is futile.
21 and my back went a few years ago, damn scoliosis.
Mine really is, make sure you have good lumbar support, I'm only 21 =(
And lift with your knees, not your back. Biggest lesson I wished I learnt young goddangit!
My step dad worked in a steel mill, I learned that one quick! 
20 year old with a bad neck/back checking in. Do your exercises, kids. And get a quality pillow and mattress!
Also, nice mattresses fucking rock. I stayed at a rich friend's house, and those mattresses were made of something crazy awesome. I slept like I never have before in my life. 
TWENNY-TWOOOOO!
Hey Professor!
UGH. 
Uff-Da
I don't know about you, I'm feeling 22. 
Nobody likes you when you're 23.
Learn from my mistakes, don't become 24.
Danmit I just turned 23!
By then you might as well start looking into euthanasia.
My sidez
Damn, yall need to stop rubbing that shit in...
I turn 23 Friday :(
What's my age again?
But... But... Dammit I knew I should have hastened my search for immortality.
Alcor. The lazy mans immortality
Nobody likes you when your strange. People don't remember your name, when your strange. 

What the hell is ADD?
This thread is fairly prime example, some would say. 
My friends say I should act my age. What's my age again?


I'm 42, get off my lawn.
Shouldn't you have Renewed about 12 years ago? 
38 here, hello old friend, would you like to come over and smoke pipes and sip some gin on my porch?
Depends. What kind of gin?
And more importantly: what's in the pipe?
Cheap gin, and some ol' toby in the pipe..You may be too high mantainence for me.
I like bottom shelf. 
People often say to me... "Get the fuck off my lawn you crazy bastard!"
Gosh, I'm 30. What's the future like?
Terrible
31 here, it sucks. Go back. 
Remember the geezers at the clubs ten years ago? In ten yearsGod, I can't bring myself to tell this young person what awaits him<sob>
I'm 43. I've shat my pants today. Twice.
A son goes to visit his 85 year old dad at the resting home and the son ask "Well dad how are they treating you here?" And the old man replies "Son it's the darnedest thing if I wake up with a hard on a nurse comes in and gives me the best blow job I've ever had. However if I shit the bed a 300 lb male nurse comes in and fucks me in the ass." The son perplexed replies "Well that sounds awful pop. But hey, at least you get a blow job." To which his father replies "I only get a hard on once every four months I shit the bed every night."
23 here, i just invested in my first cane
Ah the age where you become a skilled Shatter. We will soon learn this skill.
How the fuck are you still alive?
It's been two hours, I think it's safe to say he's dead.
I'm 19, half my life is gone, I don't care about your grass blades. 
Turned 23 today, weird feeling.
Im 26, and who the fuck are you!? And who put this poo in my pants?.WHY YOU LITTLE!!!
I'm 12 what is this
That shit's only . high. High enough to kill for sure, but I don't know about making you explode. Jumping off the 300' Eiffel Tower at King's Island would be much better. Or the rotating tower thing at Cedar Point, you'd get to break through the glass on your way out as well which would make it far more dramatic. 
Definitely the second option.  Nothing like a dead neckbeard hanging by his neck while riding down a zipline as his rotund excrement-shooting ass fires turd bombs out from under a child-sized fairy costume to embody the spirit of Disney World.
Old.
These plans assume that you wouldn't be immediately assfucked by jackboot and mouse ear-wearing thugs for even thinking about approaching the castle..Took my shirt off during the dark portion of the tower of terror, once. The Disney Gestapo had me in the back room within 30 seconds of the ride's end..I admire their efficiency, really.
that last line was glorious
I like how both scenarios have to involve shitting on everyone.
This Is Terrible!!!!! Who In there write mine would Say something like this!? Not Too mention that children use reddit. This will be reported.
I used to date a guy who worked in the anti-terrorism unit at Disneyland. He showed me a bunch of the anti-terror infrastructure and precautions built into the park that can be deployed at a moment's notice. .They're not fucking around.
One of the creepiest things I learned was that know one "dies" at disneyland. They have special rules about it, and people can only be declared dead once off the property. That might be bullshit since I think only doctors declare people dead anyway.
I'm sure they have doctors there to be paid to call it outside the park.

Yeah I remember once they had a scare, where an older man started wheezing for breath and they thought he was going to have a heart attack on the property. Turned out it was just an asthma attack. The guy I knew was . about upholding the "no death" mantra. 
TIL go to Disneyland if don't want to die.
That would officially make it the happiest place on Earth!
For some it would be the fappiest place too!
Except it isn't a zipline. It's wires for CCTV footage
[deleted]
Huh. At disney land? Not world?

I have a friend that works at Disneyland, I sent this to him and told him to let me know when this happens.
Or just strap explosives to yourself, dress like an orthodox muslim, walk into kindergarten, massive church or subway, yell loudly "ALLAHU AKBAR!" or something like that and blow yourself up. The more victims the better, there will be nothing left of you to identify, and it may cause anti-muslim riots (in US of course, EU countries are too deep into multi-culti bullshit)..Congratulations! You killed yourself . caused a huge shitstorm!.
Too bad you won't be around to see the world burn.
Repost more faggot.
You've been a Redditor for only 4 days, yet you still managed to get -116 karma...
Go on..AMA request : Disney Special Forces Unit 
Well there are cameras . for one thing. .There are secret tunnels and doors everywhere. .The guy who is the director of the anti-terror unit was hired away from the same position at the Pentagon - Disney offered him more money. .The most impressive bit I can remember was this ring of black circles in the ground, around the perimeter of the park. (I don't quite remember if they were sunk all the way into the ground or if they looked like common parking perimeter things, this was back in 2008 or so.) .Those are a coordinated system of anti-tank barriers that can be jolted up, all in unison at the push of a button, to create an anti-tank wall around the entire park. .IIRC there was also a room, deep inside the Disney offices, that was specially built to withstand the force of a nuclear blast. .Also, apparently employees get caught having sex all the time in Pirates of the Caribbean (all those dark corners). .They have a Ban Book, a binder containing the pictures and profiles of people who have been banned from the park. Ban sentences can last anywhere from one year to life, if I remember right. .Edit: oh yeah and they catch kids smoking weed all the time. .Double edit: Oh this is a good one. For awhile there was a prostitution ring operating in downtown Disney. .Fathers would go and chill by themselves at a bar or restaurant quite a bit, while the wife and kids were inside the park. Hookers would watch for these guys, and go sit at their table with them. The guy I was seeing operated a sting operation to bring them down.
There isn't a huge secret tunnel system, you can go on google earth and see the behind the scenes buildings and warehouses source my high school band was invited to do a parade there.
Why would they need an anti-tank barrier?
Disneyland is a symbol, arguably a target for terrorist attack. They're prepared to be attacked. I think the anti-tank barrier is also intended protection from car bombs. .The airspace above Disneyland is also tightly regulated, if I remember right it might be a "no-fly zone."
The airspace is owned by Disney. It's supposedly because they don't want the illusion to be ruined 
Dumbo is fucked then.
A hijacking jihadi would certainly ruin the magic.
Won't somebody think of the children?!?
Disneyland does not have tunnels..Disneyworld does. The whole park was built essentially on a "second story" above a tunnel system.
What year did you go t march there?
Any stories on the kids that got caught smoking? My friends and I have blazed on Mickey's wheel in California Adventures a few times and we were always pretty sketched about getting caught.
No specific stories. .All I remember is that there are certain corners of the park that are . to be "blazer spots" and the undercover security guys always kept a close eye on those. I don't remember him saying anything about kids getting caught on rides. It was always a spot behind the Jungle Cruise, or a secluded pathway next to Uncle Toad's Wild Ride, stuff like that. .This guy I knew took special relish in busting teenage smokers, which was kind of a turn-off. He was not a "get outta here, you rascally kids" sort of guy. Cops were called. 
That sounds like it's from pre-1990s. I'm sure they've graduated to an online database.
With CIA-grade face recognition software.
Disney is gonna fuck us all one day... They already own almost everything entertainment wise... Once they have control of content on pretty much every channel and computer theyll start the hidden messages and slowly take over society. Then theyll turn us all on each other and be safe in the giant fort that is Disney Land 
How does this work when there is no alcohol in Disney with the exception of that stupid secret club thing?
Downtown Disney is on its own "street", so every shop there had its own street address. They can register for a liquor license if they're a restaurant. Most do. In New Orleans Square, you might notice that some of the shops also have numbers by them. (31,32,and of course 33). This allows for the liquor license for Club 33 to be registered to the address 33, New Orleans Square, Anaheim, CA. Or something like that. 
Ohh we're talking about DisneyLAND not, DisneyWORLD. Gotcha.
There's alcohol available in Downtown Disney, just outside the gates of the park itself.
I definitely got the vibe that we were one smartass comment away from a mob-land-style lesson in Disney respect. .Dude popped out of a secret door in a suit and said, "Come with me." Two things come out of that scenario: broken kneecaps or butt rape..Not to mention you can tell by the blank look in the eyes of the never-ending-smiles "cast members" that they've seen some shit. I walked into one of the resort's bathrooms and a dude was scrubbing shit off the walls. Literal shit. Scrubbing it of the walls with a scrub brush. The fucked up thing was . .This motherfucker was so terrified of that fucking Mouse that he . while scrubbing another human's fecal joke off the walls. I could only tell by his eyes that he would never truly be free..Needless to say I pissed in the sink as quickly as I could and boot-scooted the fuck outta there.
Wait, why did the mickey mouse hitman want you to follow him?
He made me suck his dick, just like in the Shawshank Redemption. Keep up plox.
Yeah, because if you, x10x, aren't aware of any additional tunnels, that automatically means they don't exist, right?
there was an . where she said they didn't
Oh, man, you're right, Alice in Wonderland has top-level clearance to all of the transportation and counterterrorism intelligence for the entire resort. 
 I'm sitting here providing sources to back up my argument all you're providing is sarcasm.
Okay, number one, I'm telling you that this is not information that's publicly available, by virtue of its very nature. It's a private corporation on private land, they don't have to disclose every detail of their security infrastructure. .Number two, as if this even mattered (which it doesn't) you're not even referencing the correct park in your citation. Your wiki reference is about the park in Florida. I'm talking about the one in California. 
Holy fuck, that's incredibly awesome and scary
And not even remotely entertaining.
Doesn't matter still pissed myself at the thought of a fat guy wearing a tinkerbell costume dying and shitting on all the rich folks who can go to Disneyland!
The second way would be efficient if you went down the zip line without any underwear and was in the fetal postion. Then you release your ass sewage. 
0/10 jimmies rustled
At least someone knew.
TOO FUNNY
Repost of a repost of a repost of a repost of a repost 
You just earned my everlasting respect with "Disney Gestapo"
repost

x-post this to . for extra karma.
How would a staple through felt keep the hat on? Pretty sure it will rip from impact. 
op is a faggot, superglue hat into hair for best results
Morbid, but fucking hilarious.
I like this old copypasta better:.<evilada>: Best suicide plan ever.<mcm310>: what is it?.<evilada>: you go up to the top of a roof.<evilada>: string piano wire tight across the front edge at neck level.<evilada>: tie a cord to your foot and the other end to the building so that you'll be above sidewalk level when its fully stretched.<evilada>: then you put super glue on your hands.<evilada>: and put your arms around the front of the wire and then back to touch your head.<evilada>: then you lean forward, so the piano wire cuts your neck but not your elbows.<evilada>: when the cord goes taut, youll be hanging upside down with no head....except your head will be in your outstretched arms thanks to gravity and the glue, staring at someone upside down and spewing blood everywhere..<evilada>: And some poor bastard will be traumatized for LIFE..<mcm310>: i dont think i can be your friend anymore
What did they do/say to you?
Something along the lines of, "it's a family park, and a bunch of guys taking off their shirts in the dark and then screaming 'fuck where did our shirts go' when the lights came on his not family friendly." Prudes..Ours was the only picture that wasn't displayed on the monitors. Apparently we ruined that for everyone..They wouldn't even accept my rational argument that I almost vomited in the water park after seeing 300lbs of woman stuffed into a thong bikini.
I'm so glad I asked, thanks man.
Quality story. Thanks, laughed my arse off.
everybody sing... M-I-C-K-E-Y will kill you if you fuck up
Best thing to do is to just drink red wine out of an empty soda can.
" I feel like drinking wine out of a can is conducive to my violent hand gestures when I speak."
Or you could fill the cup with beer and fit about twice as much in there.
So long as your up for drinking it quickly before it goes warm.
What's with shooting his own hand on live stream?
Beer through a straw? Do I look like some kind of sissy to you?
Fucking Americans. 

Public beer drinking is a crime in 'murica?


If you gotta drink beer through a straw you should re evaluate your entire life.
If you pour it in the cup, that takes time and it's hard as fuck to do it without shitloads of foam.
Truly the most difficult mountain any generation has ever had to climb.
Its up to the city. Where I grew up (small town, usa) its legal to walk around with an open container, a lot of beaches and tourist areas are similar. Then other places its not so legal. Its a local thing, not federal law. 
Until this year, my city would arrest you on your front porch if they could see your beer from the road.
My friend who lives in jersey said something similar. Out of curiosity do you know exactly what the law was? I believe you, but I find it insane that you can't drink on your private property. Like what about cook outs and stuff? My family grills and gets shithoused in the back yard while playing lawn games at least a few times a summer. 
Public intoxication was the charge.. It was a dry county, meaning you have to go out of the county to buy your booze. For cookouts, as long as you were in your back yard and out of sight, you're fine... but if they could see you, they could be dicks and detain you for 8 hours with a $150 fine.I only know this because I was arrested a few times. Once, because they could smell it on me and I was too naive to deny it, thinking honesty was the best way to go
Wow. That's ridiculous. I can understand a dry county being strict, but that's just too much. Did you have a lawyer fight the charges? I just can't comprehend . intoxication on private property. 
Well technically, it's up to the state. Some states then in turn allow cities to decide for themselves. I wonder how many actually allow it though. The only city I've been to without open container laws is Panama City, FL. Like you said, beach tourist area.
As a young, working class person, affording a lawyer was out of the question. I had to pay the fine to be released, or wait until court, when I could then get a public defender.. by that time, I would have lost my job, so I just paid the fine and they knocked it off my record
I hate hearing stories like this. They really shafted you. 
Smart thing to do would be to put ice around the can so it keeps to beer cool without watering it down.
If your not man enough to finish it before it gets warm, you should have never opened it at all. 
Yeah, you really don't want to water down your bud lite. It would be shameful to ruin that exquisite taste.
Bud light isn't worth sneaking anywhere. It's definitely a chug before hand type.
I got caught drinking and driving once. I had an open bud light in the cupholder and a few empty ones on the ground. The cop laughed, called me a pantywaist, and said I wasn't worth the ticket
And the next day you woke up with a used comdom in yo butt?
This happened more than  anything happened
Please speak English 
I don't know how anyone could drink enough bud light to feel drunk.  The effect that a can of bud light has on my stomach is similar to what I imagine it would be if I had eaten a burrito from taco bell two handfuls of cotton balls. 
That's what the OP is about. Being forced to hide your beer as a grown man. 
why does no one understand that the real point is to keep the beer cool but mix the water from the melted ice from the beer? fucking eurofags
The superior eurofags like to drink their beer at room temperature anyway, because it allows the full smugness flavor to come through.
damn . eurofags
 don't hate... europe was brewing the finest beer long before we met the indians back in the days

I know this is like, totally new theory and global testing is yet to conclude it's overall effectiveness.. but did you try pouring it on angle like a normal alcoholic?
Yup, it's something about the cup being paper.
To the downvoters: this man might actually be correct - have you tested it? Tell me, have you truly tested it?
Then it'd be a temperature problem for the cup, because I am pretty damn certain both paper cups and aluminum cans are coated with the same kind of plastic.
Why the fuck would they coat metal with the same kind of plastic that they use for paper?  .What the fuck makes you think that plastic retains heat well enough for temperature to be an issue?
The stupidest comment here, I just reddit!  .If you pour into a warm or room temperature container, you will get more foam than if you were to pour into a cool one. Paper with plastic is a shitty insulator, so it's room temperature. Both aluminum cans and paper cups are coated with plastic so that the cans don't oxidize, and the paper doesn't get soggy. Also your hostile predisposition is unwarranted and you should get fucked thanks.
Fag
Well, it had always worked in the past at school, work, Army, etc..  I learned that things are not that way when it comes to the police.
post didn't end in a 6.
what's a bup?
Better idea:
Master trole xD
Really? Fuck your city man. Can't drink on your own fucking property? I'd knock out any arsehole cop who tried to enforce that on me. I'd dismember them. I'd stick his head on a fucking spike over my porch as a warning to any other cunt cop trying to part me from my beer. I'd go to their fucking house and make a throne out of the torsos of their children, that I'd sit on and drink my motherfucking beer. But I don't live in your city and I can drink beer wherever I want so the cops can sleep safe and sound tonight.
They finally passed the law last year and it went into effect at the beginning of this year.. It's good, now. I'm more civil than I used to be and try my best not to draw any attention from the police or my bible-belt neighbors.
...do you not know how to poor a beer?
Sometimes it depends on how much of an ass the cop's feeling like being. If you're not hurting anyone or causing trouble, they might just look the other way or just make you poor out open bottles and move on.
could someone tell me what is the white image?
an optical illusion thing.. like the escher stairs
Where da white images at?
In Trayvon's /b/ folder.

Fuck that my eyes hurt.
That seems completely pointless.
What do I do with the large spare part on the right?
as someone with eyes I can confirm
literally came here to say this
So much this.
Sagan says "euphorically this"
Yeah those nuts aren't thick enough to have proper thread engagement for the thread size and pitch.
