Too much reverb.
thanks...
I love it! Going on my phone for many more listens :)
With the whole "Daft Punk are bring the soul back/disco back" Jamiroquai seems to have been entirely overlooked. He was doing it from the 90s through the 00s. If I'm being totally honest, I wish Daft Punk 'contemporised' their music the same way JK did. .He referenced the past so beautifully while keeping it slightly more futuristic and housey..Also "Beyond" from RAM sounds like a slowed down "Canned Heat" by Jamiroquai.
Jamiroquai is something else. I'm very glad you said he was overlooked in this entire mess because he really really was. .In all honesty, Jamiroqai vs Daft Punk- I'm not sure which one would I pick. Let me encourage some downvotes by saying that I think Jamiroquai's music is more unique and more ballsy. No one did anything remotely similar to his work in the last 15+ years. Also, he has some incredible cars. 
oh god yes, i always wanted jamiroquai to work with daft punk
Same! This isn't really what I had in mind, but it'll do for now.
Canned Heat ~ Beyond, that's a stretch haha 
Laugh if you like. I've time markered them..The strings in the Jamiroquai song later in the verses are also the same progression. .Also there's another song they lifted from but I can't find it. It's by Neil Young or something.
I'm kind of with you there. I think I prefer Discovery to any Jamiroquai album but I'd take Travelling Without Moving or Funk Odyssey over RAM any day.
"So let's.....raise the ......"
Roots are beastly.
Fallon is a huge Daft Punk fan but sadly he's not as funny as Kimmel :'(
wait, Kimmel is funny? No. Conan is funny.
Conan is far and away the king of late night television as far as I'm concerned, but honestly, watching Jimmy Fallon is physically painful for me, whereas I can stomach Kimmel for the most part.
maybe you should just go to sleep
Probably, yeah.
everyone always says the chorus out of order
The beginning was really painful to watch, joke or not. So awkward.
Late night with Jimmy Fallon has featured a lot of Daft Punk related stuff
I have a framed photo version of this 
It's a HD cotton fibre poster. Got it on eBay, took just over two weeks, cost around $12 Australian dollars..Hoping to get it framed soon!
This is actually my wallpaper right now.
I have a photo version of this. Awesome! Mine cost more than yours and it was in multiple parts though. :(
Ah, yours is probably bigger. I specifcally searched for a one piece poster. Took an hour or so to find the best price. This was cheap and good quality, quite a steal actually. 
I honestly loved TRON Legacy. I think it was one of the best new age disney movies. I loved how they incorporated Daft Punk into it. 
One of my favorites from the soundtrack!
My favorite is "the game has changed" its gets me amped in the gym every damn day.
I love this song as well. Awesome track for the end credits. 
The whole TL score is amazing... 118 minutes of pure genius
The quality of this audio is pretty bad. The lower bands are completely muted..Try . instead.
I agree. It's a great reprise for the entire album. Pumps me up too.
I just beat a really hard level on Angry Birds while this is playing in the background. .I thank the Daft. 
You're right, that was a much better version. 
I agree, it was really underrated. Though Daft Punk is a big part of what's good about the movie, I don't consider them the best the movie has to offer like a lot of others do, if that makes sense.
dude, we gotta call it 
Agreed. From now on, it will be and always will be ."." 
yea man and you got ask creepily at clubs and parties, " you got any punk? "
the scene where they enter the club with daft punk in the background. Anybody know that song?
I believe that it is Derezzed, and then Fall plays after that song.
it was castor! thanks. 
There are 4 different tracks that revolve around the club scene. The first, when Sam and Gem enter the club, is 'End of Line'. The second, when Castor takes them up to his own section of the club is called 'Castor' and is only available on certain albums. The fight scene is called 'Derezzed', and the scene where the ride the elevator down is called 'Fall'
Thanks! it was Castor!
yeah think this is my favorite and "end of line"
, which leaked before the album came out, is one of my favourite Daft Punk tracks. So much better than the album version.
was that a real song, or did someone just throw it together and claim it was the real deal. Its way better than the actual one. A Much darker song. 
I remember hearing it well before the real one came out. It was back when you weren't sure what was and what wasn't real TRON stuff. My reaction was "If this is fake, I don't care". So I mean, either this was an earlier rendition of the song, and it leaked, or the real thing leaked, and whoever got their hands on it redid it like this and didn't leak the real thing. I'm inclined to think the former.
it was the first unedited edition. As I remember Disney throwing some sort of promo party and playing this song as a tron bike spun around as a center piece to the party.
I don't know if someone posted this here already, I tried the search subreddit function, but found nothing.
Cool, thanks! If you could add the artist to every song it would be really nice, because the video didnt work on my phone :/.Edit: and to add a few more sample songs;
Who's been sleeping in my bed- Barry manilow (Superheroes).Evil woman- the electric light orchestra (face to face).Breakfown for love- Tavares (High life)
Auction ended. 
but...it was confirmed fake. Durex said its not a real product 
It's still a cool bit of merchandise though.
still picked one up, its cool novelty even if it's fake
I don't get it
The white kinda throws it off but its an ode to the Homework album art. Hopefully the shirt will be available in black. 
Most Hundreds shirts are
The hundreds is a clothing company. 
Like 50% of my wardrobe is Hundreds stuff. I'm pretty psyched for this shirt. The Hundreds is huge.
Yeah same here I did a double take when I saw this on my Instagram feed. And on an unrelated note do you own a Z-car?
Yezzur. 2 of them and a Datsun roadster.
Awesome, I may have a Subaru but I have always grown up around old Datsuns and Nissans. My uncle still has his first car which is a 510 he also has 2 B13 SE-Rs, and a turboed G20. 
Sweet. What kinda Subaru?
Its a 1999 2.5RS. Hopefully it will be receiving the EG33 which is the 6-cylinder boxer from the SVX soon.
That's cool. I almost bought one of those back in the day.
Your title made me think that the song "Superheroes" by Daft Punk was going to be playing in the background. The video was cool but the lack of DP music was a bit disappointing. 
That wire jungle you have going on in the background made me cringe..  Other than that you did an awesome job.  Could I pay you to make me one?
Fail on that front... I actually had a mislabeled track in my music library and it was 3AM when added the music... However the piece itself is titled "Superheroes" so maybe not a total fail?!.Actually... What am I saying... I'm an idiot... I thought it was a Daft Punk track... FML... I've been listening to it for years thinking it was the bots :-/ 
The one you're looking for goes something like JUMP THROUGH THE AIR JUMP THROUGH THE AIR JUMP THROUGH THE AIR JUMP THROUGH THE AIR JUMP THROUGH THE AIR JUMP THROUGH THE AIR JUMP THROUGH THE AIR JUMP THROUGH THE AIR JUMP THROUGH THE AIR JUMP THROUGH THE AIR JUMP THROUGH THE AIR JUMP THROUGH THE AIR JUMP THROUGH THE AIR JUMP THROUGH THE AIR JUMP THROUGH THE AIR JUMP THROUGH THE AIR 
I think you mean "SOMETHINGS IN THE AIR" ad infinitum.
Nah it's definitely jump through the air
no, it's "something's in the air".source: 
Dude go listen to the song it's not even close to something's in the air. Lyric websites are almost always wrong. I'm not trying to be a stubborn ass but it ain't even close
I bet at some point Barry Manilow released the lyrics to the song. "Jump through the air" wouldn't even make sense in the context while "something's in the air" totally does..EDIT: you can also 
Your girlfriend is hot, is she single?
HAHA FUNNY ORIGINAL JOKE EH
not sure if being sarcastic.
She'd love to make one for you... Message me for details! .Also... This one will be for sale on the Artistic Junkie Etsy shop shortly.
I always wonder about the weight of those helmets more than anything. A pic of the inside would be awesome too 
Source?
Posted the link.
it would be awesome if the car was a DeLorean 
OP posted the link.
Their probably off shagging that model.
DP likes DP.
Where is this pic from? 
I've been curious about this too. I remember reading that they couldn't see anything in the LED display helmets, and Guy apparently has a fan in his because they get so hot. 
Posted the link.
Or a ., the car Giorgio Moroder co-created.
OP SOURCE PLEASE
Posted the link.
Found the source it's from a magazine I made a . of the rest of the pictures.
Is that a Testarossa?! 
looks like lotus espirit interior. Can tell by the shifter. 
I knew the gearshift wasn't right for a TR, but the rear windshield made me think TR. With further research I believe if it isn't an Esprit then it's a Lotus from that era.  
95 Lotus Esprit for sure
The one interesting thing I find about Daft Punk's helmets is that you can usually tell it's theirs just by looking at it. Most other knockoffs have the proportions wrong and you notice it right away.
Thomas said something similar to this in the Rolling Stone article.
What about Volpin?
agreed +1
This subreddit's starting to take a serious nosedive.
what's the point of this thread
[deleted]
[deleted]
Official Lyrics are "If love is the answer you're home". 
"If love is the answer your home" doesn't make any sense. The song is meaning that "you are home", and you're = you are. OP's grammar is correct, sir. Yours is not.
[deleted]
You don't really mean that?
[deleted]
What kind of home are you?
Touch.....sweet touch....
You've given me too much to feel..
Your drunk arent you?

haha touch is my #1 drunk song from RAM
My favorite is the one that says 
I remember having listened to Homework a lot, and when I heard Discovery I really enjoyed it... I knew it was a big departure from Homework, but was still very pleased with it.  When the Daft Club released "Daftendirektour" (which would later be released as Alive 97) I KNEW Daft was going to be sticking around for a long time to come.
Did any of these people listen to their albums other than homework? I mean cheese and rice what's with them?
Yeah most of these are complaining that it's not like homework. 
That's because Homework was the only other album they had at the time. These comments were written in 2001.
My bad I thought these were reviews for RAM
That's it. I'm out. See ya guys.
Homework was the only other album out at the time.
Oh shit, sorry I completely misread and thought it was for RAM. My bad
Ahh I remember when One More Time first came out. It spawned a huge group of OMTOF's.(One More Time Only Fans)
LMAOOO, discovery is so fucking good
Haters gonna hate, It's just cool to hate the new and love the old in some ways. I'm a true DP fan though, and I love all the albums :) Can't even put the albums in a ranking, that is WAY to hard for me, only thing I know is that I like the Tron soundtrack the least.
" This album has no soul, no funk, and sounds too much like Eiffel 64. What were they thinking? Trying to sell more records? Make more money? Homework is the album. Discovery is just bad. ".OMG
lol that guy probably didnt know he was dissing one of the best albums of the decade.
Haha, I bet he's really regretting that comment now.
I don't see the problem with any of these people disliking the change in sound from Homework to Discovery. Homework was Daft Punk's debut, so people got into it thinking they've found a great new French House duo. Then their second album is a complete departure. That can be pretty disappointing to a lot of people that have narrow taste in music, and there's nothing wrong with that. I just wonder if they gave Daft Punk another chance when Human After All came out.
Well I think almost every Daft Punk album after Homework was received like this. Even Homework at first was dissed by DJs. I guess it's mostly because Homework and Discovery are so different, and seen as too much a change towards the mainstream. Even if it's not seen like that now.
I love the one guy who siad that they were copying Eiffel 65, I personally still love Eiffel 65, but man did they fall into obscurity after Contact...they made a completely itallian album after that and then just fell off the earth
Guy man was on french radio a few weeks back and he said he loved eiffel 65!
you know it's an instant Daft Punk hipster when they start raving about Homework
Well that was the only other album at the time.
Would love to know how these guys feel about the album now, and RAM too..I respect/admire those with different and individual opinions, but these are just silly.
I fell in love with Discovery the first time I heard it at a really young age. I later went on to listen to Homework and loved it! But, it's interesting to see how die hard Homework fans initially felt about the change in style. 
Same here exactly. Ten year-old me fell in love with the four songs aired on Toonami. They really knew how to rope in a new generation of fans.
that's crazy, exact same story here! as a kid i loved anime and daft punk just hooked me. I had never seen/heard anything like it.
Is this really a Daft remix?
That hair is just atrocious. Fuck "avant garde" she just looks ugly 'cause of it.
They look so slick in those suits.. I wrote this before reading comments. 
Dapper as Fuck!
So, where's the behind the scenes video ?
Am I the only one who really likes her hair? :(
I like how they try to equalize Thomas' and Guy-man's heights. In all of those pics theyre about the same but IRL the difference is pretty crazy
She's gonna smudge the helmet!
These guys know how to be cool! My idols...
It's alright, Thomas will get her to polish his helmet later...
Guess what I'm buying, come August. 
Vogue? The magazine is probably out already, usually the date on magazines is a month ahead. Get to your news stand now!
You can't use Thomas like that!
Is it just me, or is Daft Punk more attractive than the model..
It's not hard to look more attractive than someone with a face the shape of a shovel and the consistency of cheap plastic.

I actually wouldn't blame anyone who wouldn't want to bang her. That being said, she makes a good fashion model, she's just not necessarily conventionally attractive in this shoot.
She looks ridiculous. Supermodels are aliens, slowly looking more and more outlandish so we accept them into society, until they assume their final form and we are used to it.
Friggin classy! 
Karlie's hair....dang!
Well I for one grossly misinterpreted "All ages show" and got massively disappointed 
the shoes have space on them. like. literally space...i must have these.
I don't always buy Vogue, but when I do, it's to see Daft Punk.
Was this the NYC shoot from a few months ago? 
yes it is
Fuck they look baller as in those tuxedos
Why isn't she licking Guy-Man's helmet?  You've dropped the proverbial sexualizing ball, Vogue.
The girl kinda ruined it for me. But then again I hate high fashion so what do I know. 
Does anyone actually like high fashion? They seem such an exclusive group of people, practically 99% of the population dislikes it or doesn't get it.
People misunderstand fashion for the most part I think. "That doesn't make sense!" "Who would wear that?!" "That's so impractical!" But the thing is, "high fashion", like magazines like Vogue showcase, isn't a matter of practicality, but rather personal expression, just like someone else might accomplish through drawing, music, or writing.
Shush now, lady-populated interests aren't as legitimate as men things
Damn, Thomas can wear the FUCK out of a suit.
Classy as fuck to get lucky
I like the photos, but I wish some of them didn't have the girl in them cause the guys look good like that.
Damn. 
Holy shit! I went to high school with her; and my sister and her are best friends. I still see her every now and then. Holy shit. What the fuck this is awesome. This is so fucking cool. .I have no fucking clue how to sound more enthusiastic through text. .I have to have my sister talk to her about this. Fuck that I need to talk to her about this. .Holy shit. 
So that's why they were in NYC
That was like sex for my eyes... holy. shit. 
Would sex not be sex for your eyes?
Can someone photoshop Karlie out of all of them please?
I was going to say she's one of my favorite models but she kind of ruins the editorial for me.
I did the easy one 
I would love for someone to x-post this to . for a "fit check" on Thomas and Guy-man
Just did, couldn't resist. They look so sharp! 
Well, I'll take a cautious stab..First off, the silhouettes are razor-sharp, which indicates that some serious Photoshop work was involved. The fit of these suits is very trim, which is fashionable these days, and a hallmark of Mr Slimane. I think some people might argue that these are unnaturally close-fitting. Of course, these photos are staged, because it is a fashion shoot..The suits are traditional formal wear: single button with a shawl collar. The shirt collars are on the short side, and the tie is rather slim. Again, firmly rooted in Mr Slimane's aesthetic. I believe the amount of cuff showing in some pictures is just a tad more than is generally the norm..In conclusion: very sharp, very ., but not all that realistic.
Those suits are so sick, too bad they cost thousands of dollars...
What's up with her hair ?
Her very own helmet.
Fashion as art rather than practicality. Nobody who reads Vogue wants to see a magazine full of normal-looking people in t-shirts and jeans.
Would be pretty funny to start a magazine called Rogue which did just that.
She has the hots for Thomas.
I should buy a suit.
yes you should. every man should own multiple suits.
yes indeed good sir and every man should have a fedora collection!
I really hope you're joking.
of course i was joking
Obligatory neck beard comment 
stupid sexy robots
lmfao awesome
Ew, a girl!
More like Ew, a human!.We do like our robots in ., that's for sure.
Man they are crisp. They've really been coming out of their shells lately.
I'm kind of curious whether it's them or if they lent their helmets and gloves to some models...
I ain't gonna lie, that thought crossed my mind.
Did... did she decapitate Thomas?
It's probably detachable with magnets or something.
I really want one of those suits..
I really want those helmets..
I wonder if they have any bundle deals
The suits are Saint Laurent, designed by Hedi Slimane..The sequined jackets worn by Thomas & Guy-Man in most RAM shoots are about 5,000 USD. No idea about the tuxedos worn in this shoot, but probably in the same range.
The suitcoat is around $2,100. I saw a similar one at Barney's a few days ago. 
where is that figure from? 
Someone on Daft Club contacted the Saint Laurent sales department and was quoted this figure..The genuine article is apparently . for 6,500 USD.
Hot damn. That just might be worth it.
I bet it costs more than my car...
"fashion"
FA-FA-FA-FA-FA-FASHION .ST-ST-ST-STYLE.LOOK-LOOK-LOOK
I'M THE EDGE
Damn they look slick
Why is Guy-Man the third wheel?...
because he just wants to be alone. haven't you seen Electroma? he's got no time for bitches.
i thought the exact same thing! Maybe he doesn't like the attention?

As a 5'7" man, I take offence to your statement.
As a 5'6" man, my comment was supposed to be expository.
As a 5'4" man, I envy you.
As a man, I'm sorry dude...
sorry some 4chan leaked all over my daft punk
mfw someone says mfw and doesn't show hfw.
Might search GrabCAD for some models, then you can scale them down to what you want and go from there.  Save them as .stl or .obj for printing.  You can probably ask someone at your library about the printer itself.  I doubt that they'll have a color printer (most color ones print in fine layers of gypsum which can be 'dyed' while printing) and they'll probably have an ABS filament extruding printer (very common, very cheap).  .EDIT: . are some helmet models ready for download. 
You'll need some sort of 3D design file, i do have access to Autodesk Inventor which is capable of creating those sort of files and depending specifically what you want I may be able to create it or have someone I know create it.
Hey thanks man. 
What I was thinking about was something like this: .
But instead of half the helmets, having guy-man's helmet on a wheel, and thomas's on the other. It doesnt have to be insanely detailed since its gonna be very small, but if i can put the colors that would make it easy to distinguish. 
And I can even find a way to "glue" it on top of an actual tire valve cap if its too hard to create it incorporating the valve hole and all.
How realistic is this idea to you man?
if you don't find anything you like from any 3D design websites, i may be able to create it the problem i may have is having the other end fit on the cap, and as far as the initial helmets you're saying you want one of each individually? If you find a design you like i can always just take it  and perhaps attach some sort of fitting to the helmet depending on the size of that cap.
Cool
Discovery
They are all very different from each other. Give each of them a listen online or on Spotify or something before you buy one. 
why not all?
I would buy Discovery, it is my personal favorite and has a lot of great songs, but buying any album would be worth it.
What the hell is wrong with everybody, buy them all!!!
Maybe, I'm a broke ass college student. Ever think of that?
I didn't know people still bought CD's. LoL If you wanna PM me, I'll put the whole Daft Punk discography in my Dropbox for you to download.
I think all of their albums are on Rdio..
It's about $5 a month, as a College student you maybe spend more on beer?.
Although I know that's an important expense :)
In that case, get Discovery!
I HAVE MADE MY CHOICE:.Human After All
You'll enjoy it. It's one of my favorites.
Nice, but if you like their older stuff I would advise Homework or Discovery.  Human after all has a different vibe.
Human After All has a much harder, more "rock and roll" style. Discovery is the Daft Punk I fell in love with.
I like both, but yeah, Discovery is definitely what I think of when people say Daft Punk. It's hard to compare the two though because they're completely different.
Discovery is next on my list.
Yes. By far the best. 
Homework
All of them.
Here's a nice sampler I made that covers all the albums.
Da Funk is already on Musique, so go for Human After All.
Is Robot Rock on that one?
Yes.
Yes, it is.
discovery then homework
Discovery is, hands down, the best album in my opinion. Might as well buy them all though. There's not many ;)
Discovery without a doubt
My personal favorite is Discovery..But if you like the older stuff, check out "Homework"
Where did you get that shirt?
Some serious Bling you have there....
You wouldn't imagine how many people say "What's that?" with a puzzling look
Fantastic. Where'd you get this?
That font on your shirt, that's Metal Gear Solid font sir 
I'm pretty sure I can imagine how many people don't care about Daft Punk
Tell me about it, and the way they overplay Get Lucky doesn't help it either
FLAVOR FLAAAAAAAAAVVVVVVV
That ain't no middle-of-the-mall shit!
Flavor Flav called...
I got it from etsy, but it seems the seller has disappeared..
So you aren't getting a replacement then? 
He shipped the smaller necklace before he disappeared
Bought it from . they have some really creative designs there
Thanks, this is a really cool site. I love 
That's a bit much if you ask me. I wouldn't be caught dead wearing something of that size.
It was actually an error from the seller, the next one is much smaller
I would totally buy something like that, but it would definitely have to be smaller than a quarter in size. 
As a matter of fact it is, I'll post the comparison when I get it
Delta Airlines 4eva
Niles posted on Facebook earlier how he is having a dance music festival in NYC (I think it was NY), I think the date was like Monday the 12th of August or something. Perhaps that has something to do with this blog post?
I'm assuming Lose Yourself to Dance will be the next single as on the front of my copy of R.A.M there is a sticker saying featuring Get Lucky and Lose Yourself to Dance
I think Give life back to Music will be the next single. Lose your self to dance is great, but it will connect them to Pharrell too much if they have two Pharrell singles back to back.

Can you explain? 
I'm not sure whether it is some kind of fake leak, an inside joke in Columbia due to the name and Justice's new album or something like that. It could just be made up by some troll, I don't know. I was sent the image from an anonymous sender. I matched up the album cover with Discovery and the logo was almost right, then the HAA cover and it was way too big but it matches up with Homework. Whoever did this did their homework (sorry for bad pun). 
I was more referring to how he is teasing that Daft Punk might be there...
Lose Yourself to Dance better be "the hit of the summer" as predicted on the collab video!
in my opinion, Get Lucky is great but Lose Yourself to Dance is just ...pure perfectness (? lol?)
*perfection?
it's leaked on amazon
I have to say this one might be a fake, if this was an actual link to the Amazon page it would be more believable.
Is that image real? Does someone have the Amazon link?
Well, August 22 is a Thursday. Strange.
It's also 3 months exactly since the Japan release..EDIT: 3 months, not 5!
You must mean 3 months, RAM came out in JP on May 22,2013. My birthday, trust me I know that date very well!
Thank you, sorry for the typo!
the name would even make sense if the get lucky remix is part of the album: according to DJ Falcon the remix was made to show fans some bonus content that was recorded but didn't make it to the album (alternative versions/ideas) so they're letting us access all of their 'memories' of the studio sessions
Looks like someone edited the content from Justice's Access All Arenas to make this fit.
This is probably fake, I can't find any other kind of chatter about it
This a remix album confirm?
if this is legit (this kind of thing has happened before where it was fake) I have a feeling they'll change the title due to the new Justice album having such a similar title
I have no more information on the topic, I'm afraid.

I hope your not going for an all Daft Punk music radio station, you've got to have a little variety and explore new similar music, now Muse is a good band and does have a little electronic influence.
Muse wasn't categorized with other crap, I just don't want to listen to Muse when I want to listen to Daft Punk.
Use last.fm? 
Yeah and there is this other band that is similar to Daft Punk, Glitch Mob, and there really good. I have them on there as well.
Try listening on shuffle. This works for me for some reason.
Exciting!
You'll get lucky...if Daft Punk plays one or two songs, there's no way they're going to play more than that, it's Nile's show.
I guess I have less than a month to plan a trip to America, then...
Wait hold on it says that there is going to be another Daft Punk single out in august?? ."There's going to be me, my band CHIC, and some of the hottest acts and surprises on the planet that day... which happens to be around the time the next Daft Punk single drops (I'm just saying)."
(I'm just saying.)
150$ for one night, and I really doubt daft punk will show up. Who knows though? If you go, keep us posted!
So it's @150 for one night?
One or two shall suffice.
Oh tits, cant decide if I should or shouldnt!!!
I'm guessing it'll be another remix.
I'm guessing LYTD Album version + Radio edit + Remix 
They wont be there, pass it on.
I'm guessing it will be Touch. Maybe even a music video to go along with it.
Nile Rodgers said on his official Facebook page that daft punk will not be at this. 
Additional comment from Nile Rodgers:
This concert is going to be off the chain. I'll have a HUGE SURPRISE to announce in a couple days. I'll be updating the blog every couple days until the show
My body and my wallet is ready.
I fucking hate websites that autoplay music in the background and also have the pause button an the bottom!!. (I think that should've been warned at the title).
Yeah seriously, especially when it's WAY louder than it should be.
DON'T PLAY WITH MY EMOTIONS LIKE THIS NILE!!!

Misleading title is misleading.
to say the least
How, he clearly hints that Daft Punk will be there

What does it say? 
It's either Def Leppard or Double Penetration
Man that looks so nice!.Do You have one without the text in-side?
Jesus Christ....
it's too much
Personally, I think there is too much contrast.  The cinema 3d/4d images in the background are too random.  

Holy mother of God these are good..I love the first one..Thanks for sharing. 
Awesome! I like the white & yellow one :) Saved.
THANKS
Going for Silver/Gold ,but sure! Thanks a lot! CloseEnough.jpg
Yeah, I was pretty sure it was off-white, but I just said white :/ hahaha
Wow... this is amazing.
Love this! Big ups for Bluewire! Im gonna share this!
I really enjoyed the entire song.
I . the vocoder right before the drop, and the synth that replaces Panda Bear's vocal lines; pretty much everything about this is awesome hehe. Definitely one of my new favorite remixes of a RAM song!
I'm a big fan of Drum'n'Base and French House and this song is makes me chills :D Love it!!
Damn, this is great! I love this.
I cannot deny the quality of this combination.... (Human After All experiences)
You have taken the thoughts right out of my head; been saving up all summer to buy skates so I can do this as well. 
Literally a cosmic experience. Close your eyes and shiny and groove. Each song has a place in your body the same way it has in your mind. 
It will be awesome. Big 5 has some for like 45$. If you are in the states. 
I wonder if you could get them even cheaper at a place like play it again sports or something?
Almost surely. They are awesome just not consistent. 
Doing this reaaal soon lol
Of those songs, I think the only one I ever heard on mainstream radio was "One More Time". The others I would occasionally hear on obscure late night shows or college radio stations, but that's about it. I think most people still only know "Harder Better Faster Stronger" as "that Kanye West song". .Having said that, Daft Punk's cult following has definitely grown over the years and I couldn't call them underground these days at all. Now I'm hearing "Get Lucky" everywhere and the album is selling like hot cakes. I'd say they're much bigger now than in the Homework era. 
They have always received mainstream attention. People are snobs. 
Really? "Around the World" seemed to be on the pop/dance radio stations constantly when it came out.
probs because people don't talk about them on a daily base besides when a new album releases.
While a lot people I've asked know One More Time, Harder Better Faster Stronger and/or Technologic, most of them don't know it's by Daft Punk.
Hmm, not where I grew up at any rate. I remember seeing the video on Amp late at night on MTV. At the time, I probably would have been thrilled to hear it on the radio actually. 
Ya, but that music was still techno/electronic/dance (whatever you want to call it) back when this genre was not as mainstream as it is today. While it may have been aired on the FM dial, it wasn't played for as long as Get Lucky has been. I mean, One More Time could be put in the same category as ., it's used for celebrations and while it . popular it's not a pop song..Then they had a live album that was crazy popular, but again still techno. TRON was a soundtrack, and not to many people bust out the . at parties (even though it totally should)..Now, with RAM, they have something that everyone can listen to and (for the most part) isn't music that sounds like .. That's why it's now "mainstream".
Daft Punk has been mainstream since Discovery. For crying out loud, every release they make hit #1 on the Billboard Electronic Albums charts. People keep on saying they're not mainstream when their music was used for an iPod commercial, performed on the Grammys, did a GAP commercial, promoted their videos on Toonami on Cartoon Network, and their music was sampled by Kanye West and Busta Rhymes. I don't know how Daft Punk or any electronic music is an exception to being popular songs when electronic music was popular in the 90s especially in the US. MTV would play The Prodigy, Aphex Twin, Fatboy Slim, The Chemical Brothers, Eiffel 65, and eventually Daft Punk.
One More Time is Pop, and none of there stuff is really techno, other than a few songs off homework.
Ask a random person on the street if they think Daft Punk is techno. They will probably say yes. All of their albums (minus TRON and RAM) can easily be considered techno (or electronic or dance or EDM as the kids like to say these days) to the layman.
Doesn't mean it's correct. Hell, EDM makes way more sense and that's still stupid. 
One More Time is house. Pop music has verses and choruses and shit and generally doesn't repeat the same fuzzy disco sample for five minutes.
Pop isn't a genre, just a category..One More Time has verses and choruses and shit.
None of those bands/artists are mainstream.  No average person on the street is going to know who Aphex Twin is.   Daft Punk is probably the most recognizable out of those you listed (maybe Fatboy Slim or Prodigy to a tiny extent? But mostly just from the one single in the 90s). Or they might recognize the song melody but not know who the artist or song title is. In addition, having it promoted in mainstream culture does not automatically equal actually being a mainstream act. 
Are you serious? There's no such thing as an "average person" on the street when you're going to factor in the internet today..Not true at all.
Not everyone is in their 20s or 30s and have grown up enjoying this kid of music. Go ahead, ask you mom and dad who Apex Twin is. I'd be surprised if they knew..He's right about being in ads doesn't make you mainstream, marketers love finding music that is not pop, they love chopping up an artists song and letting the world know how cool and hip they are. When Gap and Apple put their music into their ads it wasn't because they were already popular it was because they represent that hip scene they want so hard to buy their products..Moral is, most people don't know the difference between Daft Punk and (invert techno artist name) because a lot of people don like listening to electronic, heavily sampled, repetitive music that has no lyrics besides two words being said over and over again. Random Access Memories puts Daft Punk into a whole new market. They're using real instruments and have a number of songs that tell a story in words. There  is a huge difference in the type of audience an artist can attract when they step away from the turntables..(I'm over simplifying it but I hope you get the idea of what I'm saying.)
I'm sure any mom and dad wouldn't really know any of Nirvana's music but they probably remember the name Kurt Cobain. You're starting to let a generation gap be your basis on what is considered mainstream. Internet has changed the way we look at music because of how easy it's to distribute it..Did we miss how Discovery was a soundtrack to an anime?! There was a degree of real instruments on Discovery with synthesizers aiding them. 
That's a bad example. Are you saying your parents know who Thomas and Guy are but don't know who Daft Punk is? Your parents might know who Kurt is simply because he disintegrated his face with a shotgun and was all over the news..Interstellar 5555 came out two years after the album Discovery. It was nothing more than a bunch of music videos for a dance group or another anime from Japan to most people. It opened the door to more fans but anime was not mainstream in most parts of the world a decade ago.
You missed my point. I said your parents wouldn't know Nirvana's music even thought it was mainstream. .The duo had an entire story in mind when working on Discovery which came out as Interstella 5555. The anime might have been released 2 years later but the "segments" were shown when singles from the album were being released in 2001-2002. 
I'm not saying Daft Punk wasn't popular back then, I'm saying they weren't considered pop back then. Ya they got to #1 before on the . charts but not the pop charts. They never surpassed nsync or Brittany Spears in the 90s
Because people like to be snobby about what music they listen to and want to feel like a hipster for listening to good music. They also feel like if music is mainstream it suddenly becomes bad, so they act like it isn't popular but then brag about how high it is on the Billboard charts.
Except that most people don't even know the band's name. 
This is exactly how most Nirvana fans act to me
Yeah, but Dp is actually good whereas Nirvana was a mediocre grunge band that achieved god status through current listeners yearning for nostalgia and the lead singer killing himself.
God Nirvana fans are almost as Bad as Nicki Minaj fans.  There is a massive group of people my age (16) who go absolutely crazy for Nirvana and think they are the ultimate best music and always will be.  These people weren't even born till after they stopped existing!!!!! Godammit they piss me off.
Just another remix.
this is awesome
That's one badass cake! 
Happy 18th birthday max :D
That's a great skill to have. I've always wished I knew how to be more observant. Nobody looks forward to my Christmas gifts. :(.PS. Happy Birthday!
A daft punk cake? HAPPY BIRTHDAY :D
An awesome gift! Vinyl can be quite expensive; however, this album was worth the money. An excellent mastering (added on to the amazing production quality in the album).
Hello max. Happy birthday. >:)
Straight dope.
That's rad. You have a sick mom.
Random Access Memories came out the day before my birthday. I take it as a personal gift from Guy Man and Thomas for my birthday. Haha
I am jealous
What year did you get your fedora and fedora accessories? 
Same birthday here but Im 20.
:D
that is Wicked awesome.
I'd be curious to see the previous 17 cakes. Like a timeline of the shit you were into growing up. .I imagine there would be at least 1 pokemon cake. 
Haven't yet, crossing my fingers for next year! :)
Ooo mommy buying you a birthday cake is she? Buying a birthday cake for her little boy?
Did someone not get enough cuddles when they were little? Don't worry little guy, you can tell me.
Newly released Vinyls aren't that expensive at all, range from $20-$40. That's not a rediculous amount for a birthday gift haha, but yeah some rare older vinyls can run high based on scarcity and demand. 
For a birthday gift, I agree- not a ridiculous amount. However, I do think that $40 for vinyl is expensive (granted, this also came with a digital download and awesome booklet). 
A lot of years went to Buzz Lightyear. Including my 17th..EDIT: Odd Formatting
Happy birthday, man!
Belated 18th birthday, Max. :)
we have the same name! I'm just going to pretend that cake was for me too.
I gotcha back, Max. You can have it! :)
thanks, Max!
I'm Max too. Save me a piece!
Anytime, Max!
I started crying about how jealous I was.
The cool thing is, my name is Max too.
Duddykins?
If only my mom was that cool! Happy birthday!
I saw the Ram vinyl in the Us for 40$, it's the one time that I felt I pay less as a German, as I only payed 20
My 18th is in August and thats what I'll be getting too! Except for the cake, that looks awesome.
She also bought me the vinyl copy! Don't forget that! :)
you're very lucky to have a mother that pays attention to you.
its true. i am jealous
I wish I could Get Lucky like that.
my friend was complaining about how his mom calls him every day. it made me sad :( 
Awww you're making me all feelsy
Your mom is doing it right!
Shadows on you break ... 
Out into the light ... of birthday candles ... because your mom is doing it right.  So damn awesome.
Heh, that's the name of one of the songs off the new album.
Oh my gosh it is!
What a discovery! 
Motherboard: make your own joke. 
Hmm, I wonder what this song is about....
Now do it with Around the World!

.
.
.
.

OP delivered!

Oh clever you..
Do crescendolls
Humans.
After all.
That's uncommon.
Robots.
It's much in common dude.
Well why don't you look one more time? I'm sure you'll see that there's something about us once you look at us face to face.
Can Spotify display lyrics? How do you do that?
An app called TuneWiki.
This app is called musiXmatch.  There are a couple, including TuneWiki.  I'm not sure which is the best.  They all seem to do the job.
FINALLY! Now I know what they're saying!
Classy 
That dress thing looks so uncomfortable to sit with.
Is...Is she wearing a fence?
Maybe this explains the footage of them walking around, a la Gap. Looks like the same suit, too.
No, it's a cage.
I used to know Karlie... and now she is with Daft Punk... god damn.
It is.
I've listened to Daft Punk in the exact location where Thomas is standing there so many friggin times. It feels like I'm connected to them now.
I am convinced Daft Punk is going to ditch music and become professional models with all the photo shoots they have been doing.
I wouldn't mind... at first.
Credit for the link goes to . who linked it in 
IOS 7?
it's good that he admitted it, so many people are letting the rumors spread like wildfire and it makes me think more of him for not letting people spend their money thinking they were going to a DP show
And now I can put my wallet away.
Nile Rodgers: trollin all day erry day
BELIEVE 
My body and my wallet were prepared, now I can put my wallet away.
Yup.
that moment your glad you didn't jump the gun buying tickets (chic's all good, just a pricey show)
'Daft Punk is not playing at my charity event!' - The second part to 'Daft Punk is playing at my house'.
Why would you like that? You monster.
Unless you are participating in the steam sale.  Still got a week left of wallet rapeage.
I feel you, Thomas. I'm spending money that I shouldn't be spending...
This sale I have gotten smarter. Buy as gifts, then trade or gift them to someone if you end up not wanting to play them.
If I had a credit card, Thomas, I'd be going up Gaben's ass in a heartbeat..I mean, that "Sonic the Hedgehog Franchise Collection" is tempting...
I don't know why everyone is actually thinking that they will be playing live anytime soon. They've said it multiple times that they do not plan to tour this album.
It's because of a very poorly sentence from Niles' blog. Daft Punk said they had no plans to perform but when one of the collaborators is throwing a music festival and says something like this....It raises suspicions. It exploded way more than it should have though.
Ya it almost raises suspicion that little teasers like that are intentional. It could raise their online presence to the top of most music blogs (see the durex condom rumors) and keep them on everyone's mind until their next release or next rumor of playing live. Or, a get lucky magnum size condom? 
A single festival date isn't a tour.
Damn, hadn't heard that yet. I was hoping I'd finally be able to see them in concert but I guess I'll have to wait for another album : (. Either way thank you for informing us about it.
We just got Niled.
i thought it was getting R Kellyd...
Oh god I loved that. That was amazing.
link?
Search Phoenix coachella r Kelly. 
tl;dr everyone thought Daft Punk was going to play during Phoenix's encore at Coachella, crowd starts chanting "Daft Punk", R Kelly comes out instead

Whoever took the time to make this is a genius.
Well, it was my idea but I asked someone in . to actually make it. :)
Aww, poor R Kelly.
[deleted]
FTFY
So? You bought the vinyl. It's like people are paying for karma now.
Did it come bent like that? :/
do you mean the top left corner, if so no, i accidentally bent it while taking it out of the plastic cover that it came with. 
pppssssshhhhhh.....
He received the vinyl 4 days early.
German here, the release date here is today, 12th July. I got mine today too.
I'm glad I found you here! What's it like living in Germany?
So? A lot of people receive things early.
Wow.
Damn. Mine is still with DHL.
Is it 45 or 33 1/3?
Looking at the seize, I think it's a 45.
Mine came today as well. It's 33 1/3 =)
Nice! I thought this wasn't released til next week?
I don't know about the US, but the official release date in Germany is today.
Is that an extra large Get Lucky Condom?
its all i need...to get lucky
Something Something Too Long
Ah, I should've posted a direct link to his entry. ., if anyone wants to follow him/reblog/give him likes for his great artwork.
Haha this is great!
pathetic sellouts
 
The ending is priceless.
This is amazing!
Get this shit out of here.
Did not expect that
Oh. You mean, 
Too bad its confirmed that it's not true...
yes this is great
 
What the actual fuck..?
no
This is great. 
I see too much stuff here that belongs on ....
No, it's just that unlike ., we here at . aren't pretentious judgmental assholes, so we can laugh . people who aren't afraid to post what they think is funny, instead of laughing . them to satisfy our superiority complexes.
Come on guys be mature. Sorry not everyone can be as mature as JizzCreek.
Come on man, it was funny as hell!
but this isn't cringe... at all. 
It's a guy humping the air to "One More Time" because LE SEX EPIC FTW. Perhaps the average PewDiePie viewer would appreciate it, but it's just pretty stupid.
All this coming from the guy called JizzCreek.
There's a 'Too Long' joke to be made here as well
Even if it's not true, this is a fantastic execution.
What is similar between get lucky and robot rock?
It just proves that the collaboration was destiny! :D
Check out the drums Guy-Man plays in both music videos. 
Whoops, meant 1978.
Same kit?  Sweet.
I've been looking for this .gif! Thanks!
Someone's gotta ask... source?
Yeah seriously, I've never seen this before.
*edit: Also, if you're interested, . another clip where Thomas "blinks" as well

This one's gonna be hard to unsee...
If you have a 0% coolness car, and times that by ten, it's still 0% cool.
 tell me where you got that decal.
I got it off eBay, two of them delivered for 2... not bad!!

Don't you mean seven seconds?
Ahhh nice, thanks for being an obnoxious Internet troll... bet that made you feel good about yourself. Twat.
Dude, it's a smart car.
Welcome to the internet. Where trolling only works if you respond like you did.
OMG dae master trolol
Cool
IT'S A SMART CAR..You should be allowed to be mocked if you put your smart car on the internet and proclaim coolness.
I mostly agree with you, he just responded in a way that he got trolled.
May I ask why you were holding your phone and computer at the end of the video?
You cant play audio while recording something with vine.
Ah ok, never used vine, good to know, thanks
0 x 10 = 0
If his voice wasn't going through that robot voice filter thing, I could've sworn it was a Strokes song. You could sneak it into their album Angles and I wouldn't have even noticed.
It was glorious.
It sounds more like auto tune to give it that robotic effect, everything else on the album is a vocoder.
I love the "I don't understand, don't get upset" can't help but lip sing it really passionately
I despise the verses and even the instrumental of the verses in Instant Crush. They feel so lazy and uninspired and that bugs me to tears. The intro sounds like a nothing, Dawson's-Creek-montage song. But the chorus is .. It's the robots through and through. It's one part of the album where it truly feels like Daft Punk. The song, as a whole, tears me in half.
Ended up buying their stuff on Itunes in a drunken haze last night, lol. JUICEBOX!
To me, he also sounds a little like Annie Lennox in some parts.
Listen to all of it, a really underrated band who continually put out great music.
I've never heard anyone call the strokes underrated..They are however awesome.  
LOVE the bass line variation at the end. 
We'ree swimming around, it's all I do, when I'm with youuu
and we will never be alone again...

Pretty cool... But when he hits that high-note, good lurd baby yeezus.
my favorite part is when julian sings falsetto. i always sing along
People question the sound of his voice on the track..I personally think it's a fantastic homage to the 70s and 80s era of music, crafted perfectly.
Favorite song off the album. It will never get old to my ears. Genius track 
I wonder if they used the "Moog Modular"?
You should ask Giovanni Giorgio.  
Do you even know what that is?
No,but I bet your so cool that your going to tell me. 

But just call him Giorgio.
He knows de zin de sizor. 
Just make sure you use a cleek.
on a 24 track
Oh shit I though this was a video! If only such a thing exsisted. :c
And a true 8 bit remix of the album and this as the still pic. Amazing.
This was rather confusing for me when I opened the link, because I have the non 8-bit version as my phone wallpaper
this is awesome!
Thank you
Honestly from the thumbnail I was like "It looks exactly the same!".  Funny how shrinking things works.
Actually it depends on the algorithm used for resizing but there is barely any difference with such an enormous shrinking like this. (About 27 times.).Either way, here is a comparison of this thumbnail and what the thumbnail of the actual logo would look like:
Music Student here. According to . the chord progression is Dm C Gm A#. . says Get Lucky is Bm D F#m E. If you transpose that down 4 semitones or half steps, you get Gm A# Dm C. So, yes, you're right. It's the same progression, just in a different key..EDIT: clarification.
this is a disgrace
You might be interested in 
Yes. It's very clear for the piano part at the end.
As a matter of fact, I am now!
Why does his voice sound like he's gagging and holding back vomit?
Cool that's good to hear. I couldn't help but notice the similarities every time I heard the song.
theyre the same chords just in a lower scale i think, but its a great song, and the video its exactly what is happening right now in 2013, this 70's, 80's fashion & culture trend, i'm starting to love this.
needs more jpeg
..should have left it there.
But they both have one :s
Instagram is awful, I know someone who constantly looks back on screenshots of screenshots on tumblr on instagram..Wat.
incredible
M8, DO u evin c0mpresss?
tomaz plz

This is my lock scene photo. It makes me smile. I simply say "silly robots, you cant eat icecream"
Toomas pls
is actually guy man
 wold liek u heer.

Reuploaded, now with 100% less retard-speak
You forgot the filter.
Slightly more bearable 
At least he knows his name is Guy.... I reposted this on Instagram for shits n' gigs.
 
, where redditors go to satisfy their superiority complexes. And What's exactly cringey about this? I thought it was hilarious.
It's like visiting /b/ or /mu/ to read threads in which redditors are pictured as neckbeards with cringeworthy quotes and such. 
Just the writing.
It's meant to look like that.
gotta be honest, i'd have found it a lot more fun if it were worded properly instead of trying to be funny.
2edgy4me
3edgy5me
I think you may be right.
Saves money.
The middle toms look too close together in the Robot Rock kit to be the same tom mount. but that doesn't necessarily mean a different kit. but i did notice that the lugs are farther apart on the Robot Rock kit than they are on the Get Lucky kit
those look fucking cool.
More drummers should use drums like these.
Pretty expensive I think. As a a drummer, personally, I would not buy one if I had the money
Same here
Yup. It's very likely that they are one and the same.
You played it, you should know.
guy_manuel_nods_while_nile_rodgers_plays_guitar.gif
When the get lucky teaser was aired on SNL we figured this out.
Not to be weird or anything, but they look really thin and curve-like in these, were their bodies always that shape and I just haven't paid attention to it, or what?
WOW! How did you get that?
The original standee was 3 separate pieces. Thomas, Guy, and the Daft Punk logo. The Thomas one is about 6"2 and Guy Is about 5"8. I'll get better pics soon when its not rainy outside
God damn, your collection is getting more insane and awesome post after post! What's next for you, an unmastered "Beta" copy of RAM?!
I like it, but is it possible you could layer the live riff onto the studio version? :) 
could you give a link to the album artwork? thanks!
Fucking groovy.
Like . said, I do think it would be awesome if someone cut the original audio into the beginning of the song somehow..Actually, if you could somehow send me the audio file of Niles playing the riff, I could try to do it myself.
This had to be done. Now it is. :D
I tried, but I'm stuck using garageband and couldn't match them up well enough for it to sound good. I would love for someone to do that with the right software though!
Absolutely!

yappp ty!
Chilly is so deep in that man.Giorgio got his poop-stache.Todd looks black.Panda Bear confirmed 17 year old-heartthrob
I'd actually prefer if instead of him stop playing and talking, it just cut off in the middle of him playing and started the song. That'd be pretty cool.
Better than anything I could make...
That's a new background for sure!
Could you provide a high-res download?
I'm flattered! But I did this on my tablet and that's the biggest size I have :(
Nice! My only concern is that Guy-Man looks like he's gained a few pounds
Disagreed
I agree with your disagreement.
I agree with your agreement to his disagreement
Is there a higher quality version somewhere?  The mastering on this track is absolutely awful.  Very poorly produced, I can't even make it through, too much treble and bass.  
And to think I couldn't love fragments of time any more. This is good stuff. 
This is part of the RAM Remix project, pretty quality remixes of every track on RAM, and looks like vol. 2 is on the way
What I was expecting the original to be. What a remix. :D
Same thing I was picturing after I saw that Todd Edwards was on the track. I like how Roman recognizes Todd's style and plays with it.
The original is almost my favorite song from the album and this is the first remix of any RAM song that I have had no issues with.  Good stuff.
Welp this is my new summer jam. Thanks Roman Kouder and Daft Punk!
Damn, that's a solid remix. I'm really digging it. Thanks for sharing. 
this is great..Puts new life in the song. 
Nice to see something else then Get Lucky remix's on .. 
Not bad!
dj vegas?
Vegas?
oh dear god
Man when i heard that Voyager was the first song you used, I was hooked! Very well done :)
Thanks man! Voyager is such an amazing track, I couldn't think of a better song to start the mix off with. I also couldn't think of a better way to end it (with Contact)! I threw the Human After All loop at the end of Contact at the last second and was thrilled I did. I've always been fascinated with how tracks from all over the the span of DP's era can still be mixed and intertwined so well.
We have the same opening song in our mixes! Good job mate!

Can you put up a download link? It sounds pretty awesome.
me 2 pls
Honestly, I would love to but MixCloud doesn't allow downloading. That's actually why I use that site solely now, because I was having problems with DJs stealing my mixes and claiming ownership! Do you have Dropbox? I can share that way if you want.
Yeah I have dropbox.

Thanks, you don't need dropbox to download it though :)
Yeah, that was a derp on my part. LoL
Mixcloud doesn't allow downloading, but I'm going to throw it into my Dropbox for a couple other people if you have Dropbox. Let me know.
i have it
DERP... forgot you don't need Dropbox to download it. Here ya go man
thx very well done man
Thx man, but to be honest, MixCliud always glitches any mix I upload that's over about 30 mins long. You'll notice a couple in there. Random skipping in 2 spots that I've noticed. Sucks, but what are ya gonna do?
Something wrong m8?
OK, let me do this the easy way: 
Thanks thanks for putting it up on Dropbox. great mix man!
You may want to share this on . as well.
[deleted]
Don't worry, the down votes will remind you
Today, I found out that the man I have tagged as "opens chips" is a DP fan..My life is complete.
[deleted]
i like it, dude. Great job!
Aside from the chord progression, this isn't really a cover. You wouldn't consider these songs to be covers would you? .!
Yes, he sort of inspired me to try this as my first korg ds song. 
Good shit man.
Hey you're the dude that made Cigar Guy! Cool to see you here!
Might as well post my reddit resume:.I have done waaaay too much on this website. 
Oh my god YOU'RE THE CHIP GUY TOO!?
Huh. I though I was more famous for my costume escapades. 
I love the way this sounds, it's quirky yet awesome!
Chord progression is the same, bass follows the same pattern, drums are similar, but the melody isn't there. I can still call it a cover. .I'm sorry I couldn't make it more to your liking, I was using a DS.
You can call it whatever you want, but genuine 'covers' will usually retain most of the original melody. This is more of an interpretation or remix.
I'll call it a "yeahdef cover" :)
Oh how I wish to be able to get a Korg DS-10 some day, somewhere. Nice work! A bit chaotic maybe, though. :D
Yeah, you can only play 2 notes at once (unless you're creative with the drum synth). That's why I had to arpegiate the chords and  have the melody interrupt the bass line. 
It almost sounds like a different song, I like it.
So what else did you get? 
Is this deal at all their locations? If not where did you pick these up?
I wish I lived in the USA.
I hate you so much right now. It's a good hate, but still....jealous!
No Human After All, no upvote
Human After All isn't available in the US.
Which ones did you pay for?
Homework, Discovery, and RAM. Clearly.
Yes it is.
Nope. You can BUY it in the US, but it has no US release and thus US shops rarely have it.
*Vinyl
If you're using vinyl as a nickname for records it would be vinyls.
Nope. You wouldn't say vinyl or vinyls. You would say "records"
He got one free. Which ones did he pay for?
Before the edit, your question was vague. After the edit, the question makes a lot more sense.
I'm not sure, Homework and RAM were more expensive so I assume I paid for those and Discovery was free
They didn't have it in the store :(
Gotta be a pyramid
Before their last concerts durin the 07 years, every concert started with the tone that human used to communicate with the aliens in the movie "Close encounters of the 3rd kind". I've always assumed the pyramid they played concerts in was supposed to be their ship, communicating with us via their music.
 here is a video of it
Something interesting i noticed. In the intro, when they play "Robot", the light flashes on Guy-Man's side. When they play "Human", the light flashes on Thomas' side. From the blueprints found in the RAM vinyl art, Thomas is the one with the brain while Guy only has a circuit board. Coincidence?
A giant disco ball.
A pyramid.
A gigantic upside down keyboard.
Please tell me you're referring to to vinyl art, cause if you are I love you.
I am. Same here. hahaha

Also, that record was produced by Play Paul (Guy-Manuel's brother Paul for those who don't know)
which is also a reference to the song "Rollin' and Scratchin'"

And Raw Man. Check out their We In Music stuff. 
Messy, but still awesome
dat sound graphic
This is actually pretty great. If only you could find "Give Life Back to Music" without the vocals.
Oh God yes
You gotta love Space Jam. 
i'm glad you like it! thanks so much!
Thank YOU
Eh. The execution is somewhat lacking. 
It sounds too hectic. Still kinda cool though.
Obligatory 
...This isn't as much of a remix as it is 2 songs layered on top of one another. Sounds shitty.
lol it's not a remix and i didn't intend it to be a remix. it's a mashup, and the desired effect was comedy because space jam. check out . for more examples
I was directing that comment towards OP because of the title.
The title was a joke, like the song, it wasn't to be taken seriously. I just thought it was funny and thought this subreddit would enjoy the mashup.
I fucking love this mashup, it's hilarious. .I think what this person is nitpicking about is that a remix isn't a mashup, they're two different things. No bigs either way, thanks for bringing this to my Friday!
Fun fact: This song is a sample of Soup For One, by Chic. Guess who the co-founder and guitarist in that band? Nile Rodgers.
There are few tracks that are very Stardust inspired from around the same era. It was a pretty great time for sample based house.
this song reminds me of daft punk for some reason?
my god how i've missed this song
Seriously guys? This is a classic French House song from the early 2000's. Also check out Chillen by the same artist.
Yup. The main melody of the song is literally a sample of Nile's guitar.
This is one of the most 90's-est videos I've ever seen.
I actually....really like....Funk Ad.
Yeah I sort of agree
What is funk ad? Was it an advertisement or something?
last track on 'Homework'
Ahh, just noticed that now. Thanks
it's almost.. kind of a 'nod' to Discovery. in tone. i just noticed this.
It's literally a segment of Da Funk put in reverse..Not a nod to something they didn't even plan yet.
I actually heard that song for the first time yesterday and got the same vibe 0.0
Fun fact - it's Da Funk backwards
Interesting. The robots are trying to use the human language in strange ways... :)
He means it's literally a section of the song "Da Funk" played in reverse. The song sounds pretty cool both ways.
Very interesting!
I can never tell when people are being disingenuous online so I trust your response is appreciated. 
Knuf Ad?
Close enough
It's ok man
You guys fucked up on the title, didn't you?
Close Knuf
my god this is awesome. If you're a trance fan at all check out all of the myon and shane 54 summer of love remixes. This is no different.
Surprisingly? That's Charlie Goddamn Parra del Riego playing with the one and only Pellek
work it daughter
Apparently this guy and his friend did Get Lucky as well..Really like the guitar work at 2:48.
Awesome, loved the solo
Me likes.
But there aren't any free mp3 files... Offliberty, here we go....Edit: There's an mp3 version, u.u
It's not as though this would be incredibly tough to fake. 
OK, this is good. .That's all I'll say..This is good.
The fact that Diplo is the only one mentioned to have had these makes me sure they're fake. This is the guy that admits going to different countries to buy fake/contraband merchandise to come back and sell it in North America.
wait when did he do that?
Well looking at his instagram for less than a minute comes up with this.
Thank god. I knew they used tacky advertising (see GAP ad) back in the day, but I had really hoped these condoms weren't real. That would just be a whole new level of tacky, especially after what Pharrell said. 
What did Pharrell say?
Get lucky is not (Just) about sex.
Oh, right. From the Collaborators video. 
:.:.:.
.
.
.
.
.

High skills wants perfection and high standard ;)
the robots here get angered if you mention a video of any kind.for some reason
Wouldn't have thought they would use Touch for a music video. Its a great song don't get me wrong but aren't music videos for the masses and I could think of a number of songs from the album which would be more appealing to them.
Lose yourself to dance or Instant Crush seemed like obvious 2nd single choices
I wonder what this means for the existence of a Touch video. Did he just not get the job or was it scrapped altogether?
You should be telling us, but I hope there are videos for RAM, maybe 'it didn't work out' means that it got further than that and maybe de Palma is working with the robots for a full length film. I'd be extremely happy with either!
I want to see it bad!
Why didn't I read the other comments, damn, first time in about a month.
 
MOTHER FUCKER.
It's been a while since I've actually been Rick Rolled.  At least I got to see Thomas' Sweet dance moves.
I'm not even angry, that was awsome!
Not even mad.
mother fucker.....
Rick rolling is such a strange phenom. I don't get why it never died out as a fad. The internet seems to keep things evergreen. Rickrolling must be 6 or 7 years old now, it's just crazy..See also: 
sonovabitch
These guys are just called 'Daft Punk Tribute', right?
How much did it cost to see the show?
Was it like just playing through Alive 2007 or did they actually mix and stuff like how Daft Punk does?
Do these tribute bands have to pay royalities to daft punk?
Like $15
No they were called 'One More Time'
Thanks!
I'll quote myself from . the last time these guys were posted here: 
aww... that's a little disappointing. They came near where I live a while back and I was thinking about seeing them the next time they came around.
Saw them in New York last Thursday. They had a great set, sounded awesome, of course they're no daft punk but everyone seemed to have a good time. When they played digital love and get lucky, the place went wild. For 10 bucks they are DEFINITELY worth seeing. What else can you do for 10 bucks that is as much fun as listening to daft punk music??.Realizing now that I saw a different daft punk tribute than is posted here. the one i saw was a 9 piece band with vocoder. My above review still stands
I saw that Daft Punk Tribute a couple years ago. They were excellent. Obviously a lot different since it's a live band (and this was before RAM), but so good. Admittedly some songs weren't that good (Derezzed really doesn't work with a live band), but others were great.
I feel like this would have been much less impressive looking if he used a midi-keyboard. But this is still quite interesting.
Interesting, but I find it goes against what Daft Punk is for, it seems this uses already-made sounds from various instruments which gives you no variety in the way in sounds. I mean, I guess it's cool, but really shouldn't be used to make music professionally. 
I personally think Guy-Man is the more talented of the two. Have you heard Sebastien Tellier's Sexuality produced by him? That album is amazing and highly underrated. Regardless, I love the both of them for their talent and I really can't see there being any tension between the two. Their music conveys too much love to let their petty differences come between them. Maybe the comment was a poking at about how they only really see each other when working on music together as their private lives have become more focused on their families. I don't think Guy-Man is necessarily very shy, to me it seems Thomas just likes to talk a lot and Guy understands that. 
But do they ever grab a beer together like 'colleagues'? ;P
They are old friends who have been working together practically their entire lives and also work on side projects all the time and could easily stop working together and get plenty of work (I don't think money is any issue). Thomas has always been the more talkative one but that doesn't mean Guy-Man secretly despises him, they're both shy and that's just how they like to handle interviews. I wouldn't be surprised if they smoke, but they son't make a big deal out of it and their music doesn't really have the right sound to be classic stoner music (if anything the drug for disco is coke). I don't even see why this matters to you, they're obviously still good friends and make music together by choice, not to mention that this is the exact reason they wear the masks (to avoid people gossiping about their private lives and because they don't want people constantly recognizing them).
I think you understood me wrong bro. I asked about the weed because there was a big fuss about it back when the rolling stone article was released. .I still don't get why people mind me wondering if they're good friends or if they slowly moved on from one another. I wonder this about any band, not 'just because its daft punk'. Also how can you say they're OBVIOUSLY good friends? For all we know they didn't speak at all from 2001 (discovery) to about 2004 (haa). 
They produced two albums and hated/didn't talk to each other..Dude, what?
Not only did they continually play shows and go to events together between the events, but they could have easily stopped working together to further their solo careers and kept daft punk as a short lived project. I also have a feeling they wouldn't have been working on the new album for so long if they weren't good friends and probably wouldn't be hanging out together nearly as much as they do now if they weren't friends. I highly doubt they've grown apart much since they don't seem to want to stop and practically every non dp-related sighting of them they are together.
Stop with the synical 'I highly doubt' tone, its annoying. How many non dp sightings have there been? Monaco in costume, Columbia records are dp's label. I can't remember a public non-dp related sighting of them in the last 2 years. Last i remember was some dinner in either new york or paris that they got invited to - as Daft Punk..Im sure they're great friends and all, but is it really that infuriating to you to wonder if they haven't had any quarrels or hickups in their friendship every now and then? Or speculating on their professional or personal relationship at all?
Yeah, maybe they've had a fight or something at one point, but it's not like they're a couple. Why do you even care? They're still friends and still make music together, they also still hang out (occasionally they are seen on the street, at clubs, or at parties but people don't make a big deal about it since they respect their privacy). It seems like you are putting way to much thought into the relationship of a band that has made a point of wanting to keep their professional and private lives separate. Your whole tone feels like you are digging for a story in one of those shitty celebrity lives magazines where all people do is look way to far into the details of peoples actual lives. Don't you think this thread would be kind of weird if they didn't make music and were just two guys that worked together and you kept asking about the history of their relationship?
We could go on like this for hours, but i think it comes down to the fact that i'm interested in the band that revolutionized dance music twice as actual PEOPLE, and you merely enjoy their music and think of them as robots that create music.
If in 20 years time someone were to make a biography with their consent, would you condemn the shit out of that as well?
Wow. Now you're just attacking me for thinking that we should respect their wishes. And for the record, they revolutionized music 3 times.
See i dont think they would mind us speculating about their friendship. Its stuff like their families they dont want us talking about, which i can respect. And i never started the hostilities, don't even try the whole 'lol ur so sad ur just attacking me for blablabla...' act (see your first and second posts).
There was no hostility since your second-to-last post. I don't think you're sad or anything, I just think we have different opinions about what matters and will constantly disagree, we've been saying the same things over and over and neither of us has or will change our mind. At this point I've just been doing this for fun and I thought you were too, this is a good way to practice arguing about meaningless things (much like Xbox vs PS3) since we're both being belligerent and stubborn. I apologize if you are offended but I thought this was just for fun, obviously no one really cares what we think about the band since we're not the band, it's not like I plan on writing a biography about them or think of them as anything more than just two guys who make good music.
Touch
I bet their relationship is beyond what we call friendship.
There was a rolling stone article back in April that mentioned "some dude rolling joints" in their mansion in Indio California before Coachella.  I'd assume they smoke based on that.
There was a cover story, either Rolling Stone or P4K, that said they smoked weed at that fancy house they rented in LA.
from the beginning they ve had seperate side projects. Thomas had his label roule and porjects like Stardust or featurings like on Bob Sinclair/113...., Guy-man had crydamoure and side project Le Knight Club... they both now live in Cali. Thomas because of his wife who is an actress, Guy man i dont know why.. probably because they are friends and enjoy it there.  
Elodie is her name. She was on Alias
I think they're both still good friends, but they've worked Daft Punk up to what it is so much when they want to do something different or just be themselves, they have to go their own way about it. Plus they're both naturally shy (though Thomas seems to be a lot more out of his shell as the years have gone on) so I would understand if neither of them were comfortable in talking about their relationship..On the subject of weed, I would not be surprised in the slightest if they used to and we know Thomas had an ecstasy problem back in the 90's but I believe now Guy-Man only smokes cigarettes if that even (I haven't seen him smoke lately)
I like to imagine them grabbing a beer or two together by the pool when they get done with a new track or something. Just having a laugh, reminiscing about the past.. .Does anyone know what article i was talking about? I believe it was in a Brazilian/Argentine website. I read it with google translate. Them being great friends makes it so much cooler to me for some reason.
You know Thomas had an ecstasy problem in the 90s? Please show your working. 
Google it dude, Thomas specifically said he gave it up because he liked everything he heard and thus gave him poor musical judgement
no, it was because he was almost hit by a truck
both, the full quote I've read across several sources is
in the rolling stone interview, the interviewer says Thomas or his friends I don't remember, were rolling joints in the mansion they rented for coachella. 
It says that "Two dudes are in the kitchen, rolling joints." It never says it's Thomas or Guy-Man, but it's kinda implied.
You haven't seen Guy-Man smoke lately? How often are you seeing him??
all recent photos I've been seeing are ones where he's got a helmet on if that answers your question. Except for one pic where he had the helmet off but it was at some party and he wasn't smoking
That's my point. Of course he's not smoking when he's wearing the robot suit in a majority of pictures that are out right now.
what i would give to smoke a joint with daft punk..
I don't know what interview this is, but it must have been a joke. Guy-Man refers to them as an "old couple" in almost every interview when talking about their friendship. He says they met when they were 12 and 13 and have "formed each other" and that "there's so much that is unsaid". So, I'd say they're still super close and harbor a special friendship.
I saw them play live at Bugged Out in 98 and Guy was smoking constantly. 
I highly doubt that it was weed, he's known to smoke cigarettes and the french already love them, they also appear to be pretty professional so I don't think that's the kind of thing they would do at a show. I'm not saying they never smoke weed, but it doesn't seem like something they would do at a show.
Thanks for your clearly considered doubt. I was stood about four feet away. This was before they had to contend with being professional and when they actually gave a fuck about house and techno. 
You seem very arrogant..They want to experiment with their music and not piggy-back on what they're known for.."We're making the music we want to listen to"
You've wilfully misinterpreted my tone. They no longer care about house or techno, for numerous reasons, including those you quite rightly laid out. My point is that playing club music, in underground clubs, in your early 20s, is quite a different proposition from making conceptual genre-bending pop music in costumes backed with millions of major label dollars. You're more likely to smoke on the job with the former.
I haven't wilfully misinterpreted, I looked at your comment and processed it as a negative one because, well, it was a negative comment. .And this comment sheds a lot of light on what you were trying to say, I understand now.
Isn't this exactly the shit they don't want people talking about?
They don't want us speculating about the relationship between them two? This isn't about their familys or anything exceptionally private, just speculation on how their relationship might have progressed as years passed.
I wonder how many redditors will be buying these and will end up never using them.....
Yeah sure, redditors don't get girls, blah blah blah, but seriously if I had a girl staring at my meat poker begging to smash pissers and my only condom was a Get Lucky rubber, I'd raw dog it and pray she's clean. Those things are collectibles.
Yep, Daft Punk are more important than contracting an STD..Well said, you're an inspiration. 
Well said.
I was not prepared for the amount of funkiness I just heard. That was awesome.
I was expecting Durham NC....still fantastic! 
Dr Cox on the saxophone.... such a sexy man
Up..... wait for it......Vote.
"My production team is SO much better than Daft Punk!"
Funk him up!
Y'know that feeling when a childhood hero turns out to be a massive douche?.Yeah, it's a bit like that.
Why so jealous ?
I forget, how many post on r/tiesto have been submitted today?
Tiesto is wack as fuck.
I've always hated Tisto, his music and him as a person. He just seems like the worlds biggest douche.
not even saying anything about his opinion about Daft Punk, but he even looks like a douche to me.. 
Fuck Tiesto, all he does is turn up and press play on a pre mixed set!!!Pure front man, with no real skill!!He can go eat a dick, scratch that, he'd probably enjoy it!!
Someone doesn't like the thing I like, oh no!
It's not even that, it's that he's claiming everyone else likes them because it's "cool". For a professional musician, this is like high school level shit-talking.
You can dislike Daft Punk, thats cool. Whatever. I have lots of friends whos musical opinions I deeply respect who don't care for Daft Punk - thats not the issue. .The issue is those in glass houses ought not cast the first stone. If I had to compile a list of over-hyped, tedious, generic EDM acts Tiesto would absolutely be first. This was true prior to him ever saying anything about Daft Punk - make no mistake about that.  .Second, don't talk shit in a very public way about other artists if you yourself are an artist. It makes you look like a douche - and for good reason.. Tiesto is over-hyped uninspired garbage, pot -> kettle -> black. 
I completely agree, everyones got an opinion but they should keep it to themselves, plus, get lucky is just a good song, most people I know who listen to it dont even know who Daft Punk are.
I don't necessarily think people should keep their opinions to themselves, its just that this guy is trashing a fellow artist in a highly public way which is shitty on its own..And then from the perspective of a fan (i.e. my personal perspective), he's got no leg to stand on making those kinds of criticisms considering the kind of material he puts out. Reasonable minds could differ on this point, though. 
He is but he wasn't like that.From elements of life to the start of his career he was one of the best Djs in the world. Talk about:.On my last year of school (HS). The "popular" kids heard Tiesto's music  thinking it was cool. 
Sounds like widdle Tiesto is a widdle jelous wealous... 
Just a WIIIDLE bit
Just a few months before September 9, 1999, when the accident happened which led to them becoming robots...
I was 14! But...they look so French in this. And I mean that in the nicest way possible.
Gaaah I was 2 years two young to head to Ibiza in '99.. Would have been amazing!
...they are french?
lol I was 3 years old so...
Jesus Christ I'm old.
Guys, he said two years too young to travel, not that he was two years old. 
socialite-buttons yeah, but I did say I was three years old though.
Sarcasm. Google it
OH...NOW I GET IT
Leblanc's remake
Nobody reads my description v.v
Hey, I uploaded this..Just to let you know, most of this was made with completely re-made audio, and not just recycling old stems..Also, use the search bar and/or karmadecay 
Not bad.
WHERE IS THE ENCORE THATS MY FAVORITE ONE OH MY GOD I NEED IT PLEASE
Nah, a remake could never give it justice.
So Guy-Man is a robot, and Thomas is a robot/cyborg with a human brain? .Dunno how to feel about this. 
saw this art on the weird bonus track book that came with the album on itunes. awesome!
Thanks! Yeah when I got the album and I saw the artwork I had no choice but to make it into a wallpaper. It was asking for it.
the inside helmet for guy is a reference to electroma, when he takes off his helmet. 
image link is broken for me.  I'm stoked to see it though I hope you fix it!
I'll put it in imgur, gimme a sec ;).EDIT: . I should've done this for the original link, oh well.
Oh yeah, I know. But does that mean Thomas was a human when he got blown up? 
Oh this is quality work, thank you. Thomas being a cyborg is sick, pretty much seals the deal for me; they're time travelers, back in time to teach us how to get lucky.
Thank you! I'm glad you like it :D
Probably only a brain.
But...he was already .-human after all..This is too much.
...... Oh. 
ohgodwhathaveidone
Thomas... poor.... poor thomas....
WAIT.What is it's like Futurama and he has a backup unit? 
no... he has...... Random Access Memories 
Too hard to pick. All their albums are amazing and should be treated with the same amount of admiration and respect. 
Discovery. I'm new to Daft Punk, but it makes me feel nostalgic. Not sure if its due to the anime movie (I used to watch anime as a kid, and I very faintly remember the toonami thing), or the sampling used in the songs
It's veeryyyy close between Homework and Discovery for me, it probably comes down to which album has more tracks I absolutely love, and that would be... ooh its too hard.  I love Homework for it's rawness, it sounds like an album two guys made for the love of house music. Discovery is an intelligent album that broadened their sound they are now known for. Can't choose :(
OP, are you a fan of SebastiAn, Justice, or Boys Noize? I think they might be up your alley.
They put so much effort and care into their albums. You have a solid point.
Probably have to agree with you on HAA It is the only album in existence that I can say i genuinely love all of the songs. 
Relevant username!
Like mentioned earlier, each album is fantastic. I can't help but love all of them in a different way. But if I could only choose one to listen too, . is my winner. The fact it scores a whole movie too is also quite awesome!
Discovery for it's sentimental value [I saw the Daft Punk ad on the Toonami commercial, and begged my mom to stay up until midnight to watch it (I was 8 years old, mom wasn't having it, but eventually let up). A couple weeks later as an early birthday gift I begged for the CD. Money was extremely tight back then and it just wasn't going to happen. Finally my birthday is in a couple of weeks and my mom decides, fuck it, here you go. I get Discovery. Best day of my life, my 8 year old brain imploded. Paraded it around school the next day like I was the hottest cat in town. I also lost the CD that same day. My heart was so sad. 3 weeks later I got the album again after a heavy heavy begging/money from relatives for my birthday. 12 years later, to this day, I've guarded that CD with my life.].Then I bought Homework, and things inside me began to change.......
A lot of Homework-era Daft Punk fans (back in the early 2000s) I have found, hated Discovery, because it was "cheesy disco." Personally, I love it.
you know it
They put less than 6 weeks into Human After All.
It's still an amazing album imho. I genuinely like every song on it.
Well, if they put 5 years like they did RAM it would be the number one electro album of all time.
I'll look into that. Thanks.
Try Boys Noize - & Down / ICH R U.Justice - Phantom pt I and II / Genesis.Sebastian - Human After All Remix / Ross Ross Ross
Whats the red thing behind it? Looks kind of like a giant bong
Think?!
Per eBay those are going for well over $100.  That's some expensive (but awesome!) cardboard
Great
where did she get it?
Looks like its from a music store, as it still has the shelf for the CD's. Wonder if that part can be taken out without damaging the rest of the piece.
Barnes and noble
I wouldn't even take it out. Just put the LP there.
That was my thought. Just display the lp all the time. 
It can, it's just a cardboard hook. The only downside is there are two noticeable holes close to their crotches. 
Couldn't you just put black paper behind it?
I did not think of that at all. I think that would work well.
and what do you do with it now?
Fap. 
thats a fireplace
Thought it was a dustpan at first and was so confused on size scale
What is it under in eBay? Cannot seem to find it. 
and yet it wasnt get lucky condoms................
I'm not sure if thats the best place for the banner
Were you up all night to get lucky?
just think of all the different stuff you can put in the crotch of Guy and Thomas!
Where can I get my girlfriend to get me one of these?
Barnes and noble maybe. That's where this is from
I like your fireplace.
Hers, I can ask her where he got it for ya
I got my local record stores too! Its gonna look great in my dorm room!
Wife Her
Yep, that poster is definitely a keeper.
heh
Inyo county, CA? I just saw the movie yesterday and noticed Bishop and Lone Pine on a mileage sign they drove past. I grew up in Bishop and I couldn't handle my excitement!.Edit: lone pine*
Dammit, they were in my hometown too! But like Nikolaki8 said, I probably wouldn't have seen them, though.
The town is pretty small and I think if i was persistent enough I could have found them. The thought that I might have met Daft Punk and missed it makes me really sad.
"THAN" GODAMMIT
 I have never been more disappointed in how my life turned out.
Yeah I saw it and thought that looks familiar, searched it and saw all my hopes and dreams burn in front of my eyes. 

wow, I never knew that. The guys who played them have very similar bodies to Guy-Man and Thomas
Yeah I know but they wrote and were there for production of the movie.
Wow, I seriously can't believe I didn't catch that. Oh well.
But they were the writers, producers, and directors. 
You live, you learn.
Hah, you probably wouldn't have seen them. They filmed the majority of it in the desert over a time span of about a week. .Even in an interview they did while filming the movie they even turned their backs so no-one would see their faces. 
Probably not, but if I saw them I would have been able to die happy.
Does it help to know it wasn't actually Thomas and Guy in the movie?
It's alright man, wait for the next Alive tour. 
When that tour happens I will sell my  soul and all my possessions to go.
Except for your Daft Punk albums. 
Well that's a given.
Would of been amazing to be be driving through town and see a mob of people wearing the helmets. 
Unrelated question, how do you choose where the video starts when you post it?
Pause at the time, right click the player, select 'copy link at current time'
When you hit share tab to share a video out next to the URL link you can see "Start at" there is where you can input the time you want it to start at.
Jag783 Has already pointed out that the riff was initially written by Bronski Beat. The song is Smalltown Boy..But it was used again for a huge commercial club hit in about 2006 called .. Made by 2/3 of the Swedish House Mafia guys.
No way!!! I had no clue Supermode was half of SHM!
They actually don't sample one of their own songs for this. They use ., you'll hear it come up every once a while during the song.
Actually - It's an unreleased (I don't know how you'd really put it, but it's not an actual official song) it's called Aura Rock and, while it might be sampled from that, they've made it their own kinda thing. Which is what Daft Punk does.
I can only find things labeled Aura Rock with the cut from Too Long/Steam Machine, is there one not from Alive 2007?
There isn't, as far as I can tell, and I can't really directly link you to a source but damnit, I'm american and right. (Just kidding, doubt all you want, I don't really have any proof, it's just what I've heard.)
Rollin' & scratching, alive, emotion (think it's too long and too repetitive), make love(same story as emotion), short circuit (dislike the middle part).
I think . was a troubling album for most; myself included. While there were concepts I really enjoyed -- Robot Rock, Technologic, Television Rules the Nation, etc. -- the tracks felt like they were looped a bit too much. Ultimately, to me, . felt more like a DJ toolkit than an album... but still a . DJ toolkit..Then . came along. While the entire live set was amazing, my favorite moments were when .'s tracks came into play. It felt like they were finally finishing what they started.
It seems that all the "popular" songs (HBFS, Get Lucky, Robot Rock...etc) are my least favorite songs because they are...Formed (??) too much like a normal song. I like the theatrics that DP has always put into their songs. The rise and fall of the beat, some say it's too repetitive, but I think that's what keeps it interesting.
Robot Rock and HBFS because the sampling is lazy, and Steam Machine because it's annoying as hell 
High life and Face to Face are the worst songs I've ever heard.
Agree with you on all except Rollin' and Scratching. How the hell can you not get up and dance to it?!
I just hate the... idk scratching? yeah.
High Life, it seems rushed and unfinished.
:O
But... It's amazing what you'll find face to face.
, and a few of the songs on Homework are a little too repetitive for casual listening I feel. I like all of them though!

none
+1
Short Circuit, Brainwasher, Emotion.
If listened as a whole, a good chunk of songs on Homework (Loved Burnin, Da Funk, Teachers, and a few others) but most songs were either too long or repetative, but sound great when mixed with other tracks (As shown in Alive 07).Discovery- Night Vision, Seemed more scorey than music, fit great with Interstella 5555, but as an album, just didn't care for it.HAA - I've grown to like Emotion (didn't at first), Make Love, (Steam Machine was repetative, but i liked the beat so... it depends on my mood i guess). The album as a whole took some getting used to, It's my least favorite of their whole collection, but it's really not too bad. .RAM - Motherboard, Of the Whole album this is my least favorite and it's still not that bad. Just too Scorey imo, but still nicely done
STEAAAAAAAM MACHHIIINEE STEEEEAAAAAAMMM MACHHHHHHHHINE!
Night vision is really under rated in my opinion. To me, it's one of the best songs on the album. 
Right side is like: Boy, Girl, Man!
SEARCH TOOL
I was hoping to see how their helmets have changed over the years... 
We need a subreddit called .... 
Yup nothing has canged
lil guy man is adorable 
I will get on that!
I'll just be here waiting! :)
Ive uploaded one. Check it out.
helmet head
Where are the baby pictures from?
Pre-accident robots.
Guy looks like Sonny Moore or Madeon.
Can we like ban these posts or something?
This picture pops up at least 3 times a week, or more.
I got them from reddit.
This is actually how they look right now... 
I do concur that this is the most up to date picture of these two daft gentlement of punk. 
Oh shit! They're in the dreamatorium!
More like "Daft Punk then and later than then"....those last pics are like 15 years old.
Indeed.  Unfortunately during an altercation with the sun, their faces melted off... so they went back to their robot-y ways.
Homework album
I still love that Guy's hair as a child almost looks like his helmet. 
I DO NOT WANT TO SEE THEIR FACES
I'm pretty sure that after September 9th, 1999 they became robots though....
I made this.
You made this? I made this. :)
???

Look did you really make something like this?
*rearrange
What game?
It's a game called KoGaMa. .Here's a link: .And here's the profiles of me and my friend: .

Diplo sure was talking a lot of smack a couple months ago to be bangin' this one live now. 
Sounds like the Esquire Remix
I was thinking the same thing.
I've heard Vato Gonzales playing this exact same dance-version on his latest Dirty House mixtape (although without the Kernkraft 400 track).Check 18:40
There's probably another 30 to 60 seconds more that he uses differently before this however whoever shot this didn't get it all. Still, was pretty neat hearing it in such an environment... not to mention Justice played immediately afterwards. Anyone else hear it live yet?
Is Kraftwerk a Giorgio Moroder tribute band?
No, 
Underrated: Veridis Quo.  Simply one of the most beautiful electronic songs ever made.  .Overrated: Technologic.  Just my opinion, but after hearing this song in countless TV commercials I just lost my taste for it.
underrated: "digital love" it starts very simply, and build up to a great party song with the guitar solos.... just hhhhnngggg
overrated would definitely be be Get Lucky, as most of the gripes are already stated
Underrated: Alive.Overrated: Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger.
Underrated is Robot Rock because everyone hates on it for being repetitive and the same beat, but that doesn't mean its terrible. I think it really  ..                                                                                                    .overrated would be Fragments of Time, I think its a good song but its nowhere near as good as face to face I just cant stand it.                                                                                           
Most Underrated: Teachers.At first, I thought it was annoying, but when you get to know WHO the people they are listing in the song are, it's not so bad. It's a good song..Most Overrated: Instant Crush.Honestly, the vocoder or whatever they did to Julian Casablancas's voice ruins the entire song for me and makes it impossible to listen to. The words aren't understandable. If I can't understand 70% of a song without having to look up lyrics, I don't care how good the lyrics are, it ruins the song. And it's why I skip it every time I listen to the album..This is what I hear in instant crush:
I didnt wanna be the one to forget, i thought of everything i'd never inpred, a little time with you is all that I get letsallwemedbecauseitssowecanted one thing i never see the same way around..? i dont belive that it mislipson the ground....
seriously... wtf
Underrated: Face to Face and the Tron End Titles
Overrated: Around the World. Its a great song, but there is too much of the same thing, if i listen to it, i much prefer the Radio Edit or the Alive 2007 version
Underrated: Human After All because it has a great rhythm and doesn't get much love.Overrated: Technologic because ofbthe music video along with it being too dystopia-y
Underrated: "High Fidelity & Indo Silver Club" from Homework. Beautiful tracks, great quality and flow of instruments whilst having an aggressive line associated with it. There are the songs that inspire me to craft my own stuff..Overrated: "Get Lucky" I feel R.A.M. was blown up for Daft Punk. I love them to death but nothing about this album said Daft Punk to me. I'm all for them trying new sounds, but I'm almost certain if I switched the name Daft Punk out for someone else, I don't think it'd have had as much critical reception as it does now. Get Lucky especially is just overdone and not all that great, IMO.
I think the critical response would be even higher, Daft Punk already has their standards set and people expect a certain quality for them. Anyone else would produce something like Giorgio by Moroder then damn, I'd be incredibly impressed and more than willing to check the rest of their work.
I don't know man, this is their highest and fastest selling album of all time. Obviously people love it for what it is...
Underrated would probably be Within. I really like how composed the song is, and it really flows well with the rest of the album to me. I love listening to it especially when I'm in a dreary mood..Overrated: For sure Get Lucky. While the song is good, and I definitely enjoy it, it's only popular because it got released before the rest of RAM. If Lose Yourself To Dance had been released first, it would be as popular as as Get Lucky is now. I think media took Get Lucky and completely ran with it.
Understandable, but I'm going to have to respectfully disagree. A lot of this Funk/80s sound is not readily accessible on public radio due to the general . lack of interest in that type of sound. Daft Punk created this, and although it is fantastic quality music, it would probably not be as appreciated with the database of fans that they have now versus if Daft Punk did not have their name associated with the music. .You would probably invest more time in finding out who this artist is because you have a good taste for music and can appreciate fine-quality sound, but I would imagine that the majority of the world looks more at name and popularity more than intricacy and quality of the music. IN MY OPINION. .Disclaimer: I am a musician and try to understand the majority public's perception of music; also Daft Punk's #1 fan ;).
I think I completely misunderstood your original comment, I thought you were saying RAM was not a great quality album, it was only given with good critics because it had Daft Punk name in it...
I'm like 99% certain if a no-name artist released Get Lucky it'd still be super popular, it's got all the makings of a hit. 
Hahaha dude I could go on the logistics of this stuff for a while but to keep it short the quality of the music is fantastic, really good homage to the Funk era. 
I am not sure how to respond to that. 
It's half and half. .Get Lucky is only on the radio because it's a single, it sounds good, and Daft Punk made it. .Also, despite what the public thinks of their music, they really don't care. When they released HAA they knew the general public wouldn't like it. I think they expressed that in a interview. With RAM, they wouldn't have cared if no-one had liked it. ."We're making music we want to listen to" 
Underrated: Steam Machine from Human After All or Indo Silver Club from Homework.  They both get my body moving so much.  Steam Machine just hits really hard, and Indo Silver Club is so damn groovy..Overrated: Giorgio By Moroder form Random Access Memories.  I'll admit the first time I listened to R.A.M. it was my favorite, but now I have trouble not just skipping that song.  I think the novelty of the spoken word has worn off for me.
Underrated: Emotion or Make Love from HAA..Overrated: I would probably have to say Get Lucky. Don't get me wrong, it's a great song, but highly overrated and not as good as most of their other songs imho. Also, I feel that One More Time is highly overrated for what it is.
This is probably one of the more interesting discussion / question I've seen in this sub..Underrated: I'm not sure if Something About Us is considered underrated (I do know that it's in the Musique album) but if it is, I definitely go for that song. One of my favourites from Discovery.
Also I find HAA to be quite underrated, although the album was named after it..Overrated: Robot rock. While I don't think it's an outright bad song, it's too repetitive for me and only sounds good when I'm in a specific mood.
Underrated: "Voyager" off of Discovery..Overrated: Around the World. Could never get too into it.
Well, "Digital Love" has got to be one of my favorites, but I don't think it's underrated. So, I'll say Underrated: "Face to Face" which is another one of my favorites..Overrated, I think this one is easier: "Get Lucky" has been getting so much praise from the media, but I honestly don't think is as great as "One More Time" or even "Human After All".
Underrated: Veridis Quo. It reminds me so much of old MSDOS games thrown in with a smooth eeriness..Overrated: I honestly don't have one. I almost said Beyond but that one is pretty nitpicky. 
Underrated: Emotion from Human After All.This one is really a personnal experience, but here goes. When I was 16-17, I was pretty depressed and often felt like I was emotionally numb. I more than once wondered if I had become the Man-Machine (I was also listening to quite a bit of Kraftwerk at the time). For some reason, Emotion resonated very strongly with me. When singing along, it felt like the speaker (and through him, myself) was pleading for emotion, desperately asking if he could feel. In a sense, he was asking if he was, hoping to be, Human After All..Overrated: Get Lucky from Random Access Memories.Don't get me wrong, Get Lucky is a great song and I like it quite a bit, but it is by far their most hyped song, and I feel like other songs could deserve more love. Also, it feels like 90% of RAM covers and remixes are Get Lucky based, and I'd be down for some more variety.
Emotion had dat sub-bass
Emotion will always be one of my favourite Daft Punk songs ever..That was a great comment.
Underrated: High Fidelity, it's rarely mentioned even on this sub, but it's great! Creative sampling of Just The Way You Are by Billy Joel and a catchy beat, what more do you want from Daft Punk?!.Overrated: Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger. I don't get how people can say robot rock is lazy and give this song a pass. The sampling of Cola Bottle Baby by Edwin Birdsong is uncreative and lazy, almost as much as robot rock.
Although I do somewhat agree with you, it would have been hell to figure out the lyrics/do all the editing for the song.
Yea, the lyrics chopping isn't easy, but I feel like the beat is the reason the vast majority of fans like the song, and the beat is Edwin Birdsong through and through, that's how I see it anyway
Underrated: .Overrated: Get Lucky
Steam Machine is one of my favorite songs!
Steam Machine is one of the two songs from Daft Punk that I actually strongly dislike. The other is The Brainwasher. To each his own I guess.
I hate The Brainwasher. It's the uneven sounds at the beginning for me.
Underrated: Doin' It Right from RAM. Not sure how liked it is, but I never see it mentioned..Overrated: You guys will probably kill me, but One More Time. I do like the song, but I'm not much into dancing (Which is where I assume the song really shines) and every time I listen to it I can't help but notice that it sounds like the singer (name escapes me) is moving back and forth from the microphone. It's hard to explain, but again, I do like the song, I just don't think it's Daft Punk's masterpiece.
Romanthony. He passed away not too long ago. :(
Yeah, thanks. I heard about that a while ago, it was pretty shocking :(
Underrated: Voyager off of Discovery
Overrated: Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger.Voyager and Digital Love are my two favorite DP songs but Voyager is less known and equally as good as their "big hits.".Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger is good but I never ever understand when people say it's their favorite song. I think its the only song on Discovery that I'll skip consistently when listening through lol
The way the words mesh together half way through the song gave people (well at least it did to me) an "ohhhhhh" moment and a huge sense of satisfaction.
underrated: face to face/short circuit from alive 2007. seems to me like most people kinda skip over this song when talking about that album when really its a pretty damn clever combination between face to face and HBFS..overrated: digital love. I never really understood what people saw in this song. I mean yeah its a good song but its nowhere near the best song on Discovery let alone the best DP song. 
I would replay the face to face mix endlessly,l. I think the way it starts is fantastic; where the HBFS melody just falls in to place as it speeds up.
Underrated: Make Love. Its so chill and just lets me relax. .Overrated: Get Lucky. Don't get me wrong, I love it, but I have heard it like 500 times on the radio. Its gotten so common ever 1 out off 5 times when I turn on the radio its playing. Maybe its just my area, but they just love to drag out a song. 
Underrated: The Prime Time of Your Life.In my opinion, this song is really different from the rest of the songs on HAA. I really enjoy the swung feel and the crazy sounds. I don't really like the ending though. .Overrated: Get Lucky.Get Lucky is great, but I really don't feel like it's the strongest song of RAM. Everyone seems to enjoy it a lot though. 
Yeah, I agree. At the half way mark is where all he static and speed-increasing drums come in. Dragged on for too long.
Underrated: . because tomatoes..Overrated: . because I've heard it far too much already and I hate how it's the only popular song from RAM even though it isn't the best that RAM has to offer.
To be fair, Get Lucky is the only single from RAM and one of the few "radio friendly" tracks. (Verses, chorus, bridge, etc) .But I totally get where you're coming from.
I think the next single off RAM could be Lose Yourself to Dance. It's even advertised on the sticker along with Get Lucky.
I think that might be a little too repetitive for radio. I can just hear people saying "this is such a Get Lucky ripoff". .I thought Instant Crush or Fragments of Time (preferably the first) would make good singles.
I like Doin' it right. I honestly think that might be the next big one. And then Lose yourself to dance would follow it. It's almost like the tracks are telling a story, don't you think? 
I think every single Daft Punk album flows in some way that expresses a message or story..But again, Doin' it Right and Lose Yourself to Dance, while great and fantastic songs, are probably too repetitive for the radio.
Fragments of Time > Instant Crush IMO..I can actually understand the words in Fragments of Time. Instant Crush on the other hand...
If you listen to some 70s 80s dance and disco music, the words were a bit interpretable and inaudible, I actually think they tried to make the lyrics sound like that on purpose. 
:/ I know the effect was a stylistic choice, but I don't really like it too much...
Daft Punk? Repetitive? Impossible.Anyway to play devil's advocate GL has the exact same chord progression for the entire song, people don't seem to mind
Repetitive doesn't mean . to me. But imagine hearing Doin' it Right on the radio. The response wouldn't be accepting. 
Underrated: Fresh from Homework. It's just groovy.Overrated: Robot Rock. It's lazy, they didn't really change the sample much, just repeated "ROBOT ROCK!!" over it a bunch of times
Robot Rock seem's like its made for live use. 
It is a perfect intro for their live show, plus that drop
Underrated: 'Fresh' Seriously the mellow-est song I've ever heard, gives me feelings of nostalgia, and makes me think of memories of places I've never even been before. Perfect sample, perfect layers and filters, perfect arrangement..Overrated: Hard one, but probably Get Lucky, it's a great song, but seriously, their most successful? To me it doesn't touch One More Time.  Just a tad too much Pharrell even though he is terrific on it, and not enough of the FIRST Vocoder arrangement.
Fresh is gold.
Underrated: "Face to Face" from Discovery. It's near impossible not to jam/dance to! The song's quick cuts and snippets of too long and other short phrases blend well together..Overrated: That's a lot harder... I guess I'd say "Derezzed" from the Tron:Legacy album. It sounds pretty cool but just doesn't have that groove feeling most of their work does.
I think Derezzed is like the middle child with Daft Punk. It's half true to their house style, with the orchestral style needed for a movie soundtrack. 
It sounds like Bangalter did most of it, it sounds like his solo work.
That's actually a good point.
Read title and was half expecting some Kubrick-stare pic w/ daft punk :P anyway cool stuff!
I had so much trouble thinking of a title for this one! DPZ maybe?
and in a few years when you discover the amazeballs of the tb-303, get Homework and discover a whole new part of the universe.
*the vinyl
What album is that on the top right?
Wait DISCOVERY IS A VINYL. 
Welcome to the daft club you punk. I see u bought discovery
What.. No love for homework. Best actual dance album. 
You actually wouldn't even say the vinyl. .You would just say " i went out and bought the record."
Discovery was released as a double LP (pressed on two disks), the top right is just sides C and D.
what breed of potato did you take this with?
The Apple kind. 
Good. Now listen to Discovery and start worshiping them! 
I just listened to Discovery again after quite some time and I just realized again what a fucking masterpiece this album is. It is just fantastic
Better than RAM imo.
Yes I agree. RAM was a good album but I like their old style a lot more. I understand that they want to do something new, but I still think Discovery is just way better.
 still good album.
They still make vinyls?
The plural of vinyl is vinyl. 
If I remember right it's some kind of special edition..Why are people downvoting you? This man just asked a simple and neutral(?) question.
Yep! For tons of bands! Some are only available for one printing run but many are just kept constantly available. Go on Amazon and they actually have a section of the music site just for vinyl.
All of Daft Punk's albums are available on vinyl
Well, Human after all is hard to find anymore
They re-issued it actually, it's gotten much easier ..
Most bands release their music on vinyl. Check out .!
i must say, that is one nasty shirt! Would like to get my hands on that.
misleading use of the term "rare".thats the standard version of Discovery in Japan...you can buy it everywhere over there as well as from CD Japan, HMV, etc
Well, in america its rare, and only just recently cdjapan got them in stock for a decent price. Cdjapan is a great site, decent shipping prices and fast delivery from japan.
I found several around $20 and cheap ($3) shipping
So this is a bad means good thing :p
yes! so it's only available for 2 days on the 12-13th?
it is available on the main site on the 12th and on their last chance page on the 13th. so yes only two days
God damn, you generous bastard..Kudos for doing this, we all appreciate it very much so.
Umm... Yeah. Favorited.
Yeah Shook makes some pretty cool stuff. Can you give us a link to the mix you were listening to ? 

I dig it man, definitely has that DP groove and progression
It's so sad to see that most people will recognise this as a Fedde LeGrand track... :(
This is so amazing. Love the stuff Roul has put out.
Damn, I remember this at the time thinking it was great!.Now seems crazy repetitive.. :-(
This blows it out of the water
Played it during a dj set purely out of nostalgia, and it killed!
Never seen this video. Thank you for the share.
Woah! Thanks for the share!
Is that actually them speaking in this?  They make gestures and movements as if they are speaking but the voices do not sound muffled or anything with the helmets on.
I didn't think they ever spoke while wearing the helmets.
They aren't speaking through the helmets, no, but yes it is guy-man and thomas talking. They just recorded it over the video.
No problem!
Is this from electroma?
nope
okay, this is best fucking thing ive seen this week
What . it from?
Adidas commercial. 
Thanks!

Can someone explain to me the Rebel Alliance logo on the wall?
Can someone explain to me about what he's talking about th avocado shirt?
It was an Adidas tie in with the Star Wars franchise.  There was a long ad featuring various celebrities in famous Star Wars scenes.  Being droids, they were clearly not what Adidas were looking for.
-.- *. *

Daft Punk, one of the Gallaghers from Oasis, Jay Baruchel, Snoop Dogg, and David Beckham recreating the Mos Eisley Cantina scene as an ad for the World Cup? I'm so pleased and yet so confused.
 used to wear . avocado shirt .. ..
Hawt. 
I like that shirt
If you washed it once in a while it would have been fine.
Yeah you are right. Should've washed it more than once. It used to be white too.
Are these real or what
Nope

Oh they have a joint account too! 
What happens when Thomas and Guy-man want to do an AMA?

I thought Guy-Man was the shy one.
On a related note, Fatboy Slim had one of the best live performances I have ever seen when I saw him a few years ago. 
king
[sarcasm]
Must be real, Guy-man is standing on the right.
[/sarcasm]
Samsies. Fatboy for life.
That Guy-man helmet is shitty. Also correct me of im wrong but they would never make an appearance as Daft Punk with out being dressed fully (gloves, proper jackets, etc.)
I wanna hear his remix of it, where's a full video!
It sounds like this 
Thanks for posting, that's a good remix. First one I've heard that I really liked.
This is not them. Stop.
The Joke.You
[deleted]
Why would your opinion of him plummet? Fatboy Slim is one of the coolest people alive.
Yeah! I love his sense of humor and ability to poke fun at people :P His newest song with Riva Starr is awesome too! 
That song was the one that stuck with me after EDC. Everything else sounding the same.... Fatboyslim just sticks in your head.
Nile Rodgers also remained on stage after Chic finished at Glastonbury while Get Lucky played over the speakers, and people went mental..There were lots of rumours floating around that Daft Punk were there!
He did the same thing in Dublin. I got to meet him. As far as good days go, that one was up there.
Video?

were up all night to get some
were up all night to get some
were up all night to get some
were up all night to get lucky!
*we're
Well, at least the height size was accurate. I give it a 3/10.
I know it's not, hence the part where I said he was trolling :P Maybe I should have put cameo in quotation marks...
C'mon guys... they had official Daft Punk capes on..Real.
They would never, ever "dance" like this, especially not Guy-Man.
I also just realized I've never once seen them touch their helmets outside of Electroma when Hero Robot 2 took his helmet off.
but at least they guessed their height :)
He will be in music heaven and also, in your heart. Deep sorry for your loss, fellow robot. :(
Hang on mate, may your friend rest in peace :(
This is the part of Interstella 5555 where I cried, and found that Daft Punk is my favorite artist. I am sorry for your loss.

I got one. .Wait for it.....How about....Daft Punk?
No...
Overall this is really impressive and I really enjoyed it, my only critique is that in the first half of the song (everything before 5ish) it seems like you are stopping (stifling?) the notes (think thats the correct wording I want to use here) from fully ringing out, but after that, when you are basically going nuts on everything it sounds much more fluid. 
Thanks! The lack of ringing out is actually a mixing issue that I failed to take care of. There's a setting within Cubase that is called a Gate that basically allows only certain sounds to play through that microphone. I had it set to a level that was far too restricting which in turn made my software think that certain hits on that drum were coming from another, so it mutes it..I'm continually working on EQ and mixing with each new video I do to find that sweet spot where it doesn't do that anymore.
Sounds awesome! I was impressed! And it's always nice to see a smile on a musicians face. I know people like it when they know performers are enjoying themselves. (Which, being a trumpet player, I do in other ways rather than smiling)
I'm making a guy helmet tutorial (part one is already on this subreddit, and part two is coming soon) and I'm making it out of a pre-existing motorcycle helmet, so it isn't costly or that tedious! 
Volpin didn't use paper models or paprika when he made Thomas, his entire process is well documented . and on his professional blog posts about . . and this .. Most of these posts are about his Thomas helmet, which he did after Guy-Man, but the techniques used are similar. Plus, he learned a lot from Guy-Man, and his Thomas came out a lot better. He also did a post about making the gloves .For papercraft, I've seen . recommended. Since you're making an encore helmet, it's a tiny bit more forgiving since it doesn't require every last detail. Get the shape down, paint it black, wire up some lights and you'll be pretty good. .Another great resource is the Daft Punk fan club forum. They have an entire . dedicated to helmet making. The people & posts there are pretty helpful..As others have mentioned, another method is to modify pre-existing helmets, such as motorcycle or baseball helmets. I don't have a good link for such a process. It is a shortcut, it gives you a basic shape to build off of. Typically, you'll end up using methods outlined in the above guides anyways..Hope this helps! And good luck in your helmet making, it's a lot of hard work, have fun with it!
Thank you, I had no idea to check his thomas tutorial, thanks a lot
I built one.
It took me nine months and was a pain in the ass.  But if you're really interested:
.
I started with MDF and foam, but you can't apply bondo directly to foam or it will dissolve it.  I made a barrier with wood glue, then used bondo, apoxie, and a LOT of sanding.  Then I made the ear pieces from MDF, laser cut the circuit board ear pieces, painted, and sanded.
I had to mold it in silicone, and build a vacuform table for the visor.  I ended up selling a few but only broke even on materials as the molding silicone is expensive.
It's a lot of work.  A lot.  And if you really want to I'd recommend going to the RPF and hanging out there.  Talk to a few guys who have already done it.
It's blocked where I'm at...


cool man
This would be ok as an ad for the album. IMO
It takes a ballsy person to do have the confidence to do this, however with enough liquor I'm sure anyone would join in.
I wish we were allowed to play loud music in public so this could happen.
This how humans dance? 

Such a happy moment. Legit fun for everyone there. .This is definitely not in the US.
I too, smiled at this video. 
with those kind of moves, someone's bound to get lucky

yes, because no one in the US has ever done fun things, great call.
Do I need to explain sarcasm to you, or are you capable of googling it yourself? 
In which case: yes because no one outside the US has fun. Good call.
That dude has some sweet moves.
And they fell inlove, and lived happily ever after...
I guess he got lucky..EDIT: I just realized that this is a very crappy pun. Please ignore and keep scrolling.
I was about to say "Say 'he gut lucky' again, I dare you, I double dare you motherfucker, say 'he got lucky' one more Goddamn time!" then I realized it was you again.
Oh, hello again!
this is EXACTLY why Daft Punk was put on this space rock.
You might be able to find a ready made one for your price range, but quality can't be guaranteed, so it might end up crappy looking..You're better bet is to negotiate with a professional costume maker (and I mean stage and television not fancy dress, fancy dress is about as far as you can get from professional) to have the helmet comissioned. You might find it to be a far more reasonable price if you shop around and tell them in excrutiating detail what you want made (as if they don't know what daft punk is or that they wear helmets) better too much detail than not enough..I can't make stuff at all, but yet with a good enough instructable guide even a simpleton could make things, it will just instead of being a quick job turn into a massive year long project is all.  material cost if my memory serves is 40-60.
Hey I'm in the same boat at you. Halloween costume as well for me and my roommate. .Anyone have suggestions on making the helmets? We were debating between wire frames, foam, or some kind of paper mch creation.
all i know is that its one hard creation!!It has to be done right or there is no point in trying, if it looks at all shitty you arent gonna get the WOW factor that it deserves
What is your price range, and are you looking for anything specific?
was looking to hopefully find a good Thomas helmet, but im not picky so either or really, was looking at some youtube videos on making them, if i could get one perhaps in the early stages of production i wouldnt mind having a go and finishing it off myself, looking to spend 100 - 200
good idea, i actually have a friend who works on Game of Thrones as a prop designer, i might try and source the materials and see if he can have a go at it...he could be busy though as they have started filming the new season
seriously or you yanking my chain?.I was just gonna say even some cheap-ass not well known apprentice, theatre prop guys are in literally every town with a theatre they're often far more ingenuity than..Some folks that hire them don't know the difference between "nobody does it because too much effort but actually the better way to do it" and not done cause it's just not a good method to do it, they will usually have a dialogue and say pros and cons of each possible method compared to costs.
Yeah he works on game of thrones dude, i work right beside the set, they filming at the minute so there is traffic diversions everywhere, pain in the halls when trying to get to work!!must find out what materials i would need!!!
well there was a rather well done one by a cosplayer that then released the full details and instructions on . but I forget which it was.
cheers buddy, gonna source the materials over the weekend, and just land at my friends house and tell him "you're making me a daft punk helmet!!!"....i'll post on here if its a go!
It's not gonna be a short thing though, make note of that, a pro can do it in a day to a few months depending on how much tedious work there is and how much time they have spare to spend on it per day..Time=Money and all that stuff, so if they'll do it free then let them, but at least offer some recompense even if they won't take it (even if only in the form of paying for a night out.)
yeah, there will defo be a few quid in it for him/ or a night out, what ever he wants...he can name his price as long as he makes it between now and October i'll be happy!!
You're a good friend to him man. Cheers.
Helmets are pretty expensive... but you can always go for the cheaper option, and dress and dance like one of the characters in Around the World
good idea, i'll keep that on the back burner for a while, its a good fall back option, thanks!!yeah helmets are expensive but hopefully i can get one on the cheap lol
I know someone who is willing to make a Thomas helmet for around that price, so ill talk to him about it and see if he can have one done by the end of the summer 
cool, let me know sure, if he has any pics of helmets he has done before i would love to see them, where is he located?or can he post them on here?Im in Ireland so shipping might be a bit high but i can cover that if the helmet looks good enough, thanks!!
Agreed, that's one of the reasons we wanted to start so far out, and hopefully spend less than the $2,000 some people have 
Anyone have a link to we're it isn't pitched?.Or somewhere were I can buy it?
The Prime Time of Your Life (Para One remix).Is the best remix of a Daft Punk song in my opinion :)
the track with Justice remixing human after all is too sick
Sebastian fucking killed it with his remix.
I know this sub doesn't allow piracy, but the only place I could find it is at tpb, sadly.
Ah, that's a shame. I was diggin' some of the tunes. :/
I bought it off Amazon about 3 months ago, it works fine in the US now. I guess our CD players now work or something. Haha
It costs around $100.Oy, I don't know if I can dig that deep for 40-50 minutes of music.
I got it for $23 off Amazon.
they never didn't, unlike DVDs or video games CDs aren't regionalized, it's just mp3 files with no encoding
No they are not.. They many not be locked to a regionalized but are not mp3 they (default form manufacture) are a uncompressed format most of the time FLAC or WAV file types so that anything can read them.. It is almost like a RAW data  file unlike mp3 which is compressed and a smaller format but looses most of its quality (you may not be able to tell but its still a lesser quality)  
Sorry, they are still FLAC on most CDs, but it's still a universal audio file. When you download the file as a 320kbps mp3 it retains most of the original signal that you can hear, and unless you are an extreme audiophile with a . good pair of headphones you can't hear a difference.
Really? I can get it preowned for around $80 bucks.
Yup, and my copy was new.
Wait, was this MP3 or case?
I believe MP3.
Ah, that explains it. I can't find a MP3 version anywhere. Thanks for the help, thought. I really appreciate it. :)
That's awesome! I wish that they could have used notes for the vocals too.
Is the lowest string on top?
It is depend on the view. 
For the "Fretboard" view the lowest string is on the top
For the "GuitarTab" view the highest string is on the top
Seems to be.
Lie's their robots.
I guess they really were human after all.
Nicely done. 
 a version I had a little help making. I couldn't stand the asymmetry.
I came here to ask for a version like this...thanks rager
lol, hi-res 8 bit xD
Haha a bit of an oxymoron.
 by ..
Vectored by me. . From 
=]
Amazing isn't it... I too don't like anime but yeah you got it right
I like anime, but this one is my favorite!
You do know what sub you're on right?.But seriously, I love that film. It is so powerful, and the music fits so well, it's a true masterpiece.    
Something about us... :'(
i tried playing random access memories over it, and ENTIRELY COINCIDENTALLY it synced up really well.
Interstella 5555 was awesome when I first saw it too, it makes you appreciate Discovery so much more. I think about all the scenes when I'm listening to the album.
Why do we care
Bought the DVD the day it came out, and now "the robots cartoon" is my 4 year olds favorite movie.
That was just a general term, sorry..And I agree completely.
Thanks for reminding me, this his been on my "get list" for awhile now.  I'm gonna make a trip to the record store tomorrow to see if they have it.  Got Electroma and liked it, so I'm assuming I'll love this as well :)
That movie has gotten me laid SO many times!
How! Teach me master!
I watched this rolling one night with my now husband. It complimented it so well. I've loved Discovery since I was 10 years old and seeing the, "One More Time" music video on MTV is what made me fall in love with Daft Punk..I can't put watching the movie while rolling into words without sounding cheesy but I loved it. It compliments it so well too. 
Watching a movie would be one of the last things on my mind while rolling, however I would give this a chance, with a loved one.
I named my cat Stella because of this movie.
I know a girl in real life named Stella. She is probably the worst chick I have ever met. 
Every couple of months my buddies and I watch it on Acid. It makes for a perfect trip every time.
Watched it on shrooms outside on a projector a couple months ago. It was spectacular.
Straight to my To-Do list!
Why are you a jerk? I'm recommending a Daft Punk movie to people that like Daft Punk..Don't be an idiot, there are too many of those already.
5555 has been discussed so much. I'm just tired of hearing everyone's little self post about daft punk changing their life and stuff. Everyone knows about 5555
Then why are you in this sub?
Remixes, art, news. I don't care if you were at wendy's and get lucky comes on and you make eye contact with the cashier. This isn't twitter.
Edit: And don't even get me started on the "get lucky" jokes. 
Yeah?.Well screw you too.
Doesn't mean you had to be rude about it.
True and I apologize. I just wish we had less of this. Nice name btw.
It's alright. I'm new to the subreddit (and to Daft Punk, really), so I didn't realize that this was a common thread..Thanks!
Upvote dis if you cry everytim
Lyk dis if u cry evertim
The something about us scene has actually made me cry.  
Good, now go watch .Thank me later.
OP, don't listen to this guy..Listen to the original, the one that Daft Punk intended people to watch.
is this a thing?
I think it was confirmed that electroma and ram were supposed to match.  also, if you watch it it does just that.
No, I think it was Human After All
If it is its not a very good thing.
Nice thought, but it's bullshit. RAM wasn't even written back then.
I understand that.
Dark side of the moon wasn't written at the same time as oz either.
Every time I hear about someone watching Interstellar 5555 for the first time, I feel like the world is slowly becoming a better place. 
interstella.but upvotes because yes. 
I'm glad you made the Discovery ..
[deleted]
Now he can store it in his Random Access Memories.
something something human after all
It's definitely an anime.
Definitely, most of the directing crew consisted of people with anime experience.
Plus, like ya know, it looks like voltron.
I guess the majority disliked the remix because they expected something more electronic and new; I personally like the remix, it's layering is great, but it really sounds like an edit and not a remix
It was completely unnecessary.  It didn't add anything to the original and didn't take it to new places a remix should.  It should have been billed as an extended version.
Yeah I feel it was slightly indulgent to call this a 'remix'
I liked it more than the original,however I feel like Daft Punk didn't really worked hard on this one :/
It's an edit, not a remix, just like pretty much every other daft punk "remix". I don't know what you people expected.
"Once you free your mind about the concept of harmony and music being correct, you can do whatever you want..." - Giorgio
It was ..
It was OK, I was hoping for it to be more like their remix of Aerodynamic or even Aerodynamite. However, I like it more than the original version of GL.
Or a club mix.
It's okay.
you are talking about two same songs. 
what?
You saw me. That "remix" and the original song are the same song. I could even do that remix on virtual dj. 
A rick-roll would've been better.
Must be real... Guy-man is smaller and beefier than Thomas, and standing on the right, as always.
Haha I love the title.
Well the heights are about right
FUCK NO!!!!!!!!1 GOD WHY???? WHO IN THE FUCK??????? HOW ???!!!!!!!11
Damn hipsters....We must exterminate those damn commies!
I saw a commercial for kidz bop the other day I hope there isn't one of those on there 
THE HORROR
LALALALALALA I CANT HEAR YOU LALALALALALA
THE WHAT, THE WHO, THE WHY, THE FUCK? 
I'm just really curious how they'd change the lyrics to remove the sexual connotations.
It's about love, not sex.
Tell that to the official Daft Punk condoms....Not kidding about that. I wish DP could just pick ONE meaning to a song and stick with it.

I just yelled shit so loud I scared my cat.
Oh Shit 
Let's riot.
NO NO NO NO NO NO NO
Good. DP should milk this (s)hit for all it's worth. KidzBob, Now!, Glee, who cares?! All this means is that our favorite artists will make more money to fund their amazing projects while at the same time they will be introducing their music to a whole new market of potential fans. 
Daft Punk isn't in it for the money...
Right... however, they do use (a lot of) money and having more of it allows them to express themselves in ways we mere mortals can only dream about. Heck, I'd put good money on a Weird Al remake. It's not always about the money, but that doesn't mean it won't happen. .If it were me, I'd find it to be a huge honor to have created something that other people want to share/do/use/recreate. If they wanted to they could donate proceeds to find cures for cancer or something..Point is, if DP wants to do it they will. Even if they're "not in it for the money" they could do it to benefit others..Besides, I hate to break it to you, but Daft Punk has "sold out" many times before. Gap, iPod, Adidas, not to mention all of the official merchandise they've sold. As far as I know, that money hasn't gone to cure HIV or end world hunger. No, it's gone into their bank accounts. So for you to say that they're not in it for the money is kinda BS. Of course they're in it for the money. We as a society use money to live and Tom and Guy live pretty well.
I can't fucking wait for this.
DP has had (more) popular songs (Digital Love, anyone?) that were more suitable for kids to cover before & yet we've never seen this happen; so why would it start now? My understanding / opinion is that they would refuse; also, that kidz bop crap probably wouldn't do it anyways 'cause "get lucky" sounds like sexual innuendo (even though it actually has nothing to do with "getting" sex  this is straight from Pharrell on his collab with DP btw.)
Thy made that song "wild ones" into a cover, entirely about sex.
DAMNIT. JUST..DAMNIT
Ohhh Blehhh!
Just don't listen to it...
Shit, I didn't even know they still made those ...

In a way I'm kind of looking forward to it. I always find their catastrophic failures entertaining to listen to. Their Thrift Shop cover is hilarious.
I will not listen to it.
You'll listen to it once. Just to see what it sounds like. 
I will merely use you all to tell me what it sounds like.and
[screaming intensifies]
"Were up all night to ruin songs, we like to destroy ear drums, torturing you people is fun, you will survive if your lucky."
This must become a heavy metal cover.
Liar
Considering how horribly the thrift shop cover came out, I believe we are all in danger of going deaf.
Walk into the club like what up, I got a hit song.
It smells like my baseball cleats! Ewwwww
This is really awesome.
Why did you have to do this, cheyas?


 

As a long time hater of Kidz Bop and Now Music...I jumped when this popped up.
It does spoil it! 
Get lucky will also be featured on glee at some point too!
I'm sure that the artist has to give consent for songs to be performed on shows such as Glee, X Factor etc. .I don't think Daft Punk will be too fussy about it being performed though.
Dammit I hate how these days most music just has to be turned to shit by the media... :(
Wait shit is Glee still a thing?
Well my day is going downhill in a hurry
fuck
Wouldn't Daft Punk have to give the ok?
Any song can be covered, with or without permission, as long as royalties are paid. The original artist/record label, does not have the right to prevent it. Congress has set standard royalties which are paid in this situation. Weird Al has discussed it in regards to his cover of Coolio's 'Gangsta's Paradise', which Coolio never officially gave his permission for. While Weird Al's policy was to always get permission for a cover, there was a misunderstanding and they went ahead with 'Amish Paradise' without Coolio's permission. Weird Al's record label still pays royalties to Coolio, however, so he has no legal recourse.
Thanks, unfortunately that news is horrible.
'Amish Paradise' is a parody though which is different to a cover. If you change a part of a song dramatically so that it is no longer a straight cover then you need to get consent from the copyright holder to release it..He probably would have had to pay for the "Pastime Paradise" sample too
correct. in most cases the record label owns the rights to the music but not with daft punk. they exclusively license it to columbia (or virgin/emi for older stuff) so they control who gets to use it and columbia has to get their permission to use it for something like that.
Also, we are not talking about the recording, which the owners of the recording can dictate. We are talking about a new performance of the written music....a cover. Anyone can cover a song. The rule for how much it costs depends on if its live, tv or a recording. Point is, kid bop, whatever that sorry shit is, can cover whatever they want.
Whew! ...they wouldn't do that to us, would they?
Not for a profit. Copyright law is very clear on that. Yoi need permission.  Granted dp would have to sue after the fact to block it.  Bands have even sued for songs sounding similar (see rolling stones and verve - bittersweet symphony) - 
:')
...fuck
I will add to that.NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!
I will add a little more.OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
They won the grammy for a track titled "Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger (Alive 2007)"  . which was released as a single. A radio edit and music video were also produced and released on the single. The song is basically  "Around The World/Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger" from Alive 2007 renamed. 
I'm pretty sure they won one for Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger
It's a radio edit of "Around the World/Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger"
The Grammys are also the same organization that awards Skrillex for his work.
I tried searching but is there any award acceptance speech by DP? or them speaking publicly with their helmets on?
I don't think so. Those acceptance speeches usually aren't aired. I am wondering, however, what will happen if "Get Lucky" wins in a major category. Pretty sure Pharrell and or Nile Rodgers would be the ones to accept the award...not the robots.
This isn't the single. The single began with Television Rules The Nation.
Not a skrillex fan?
I'm going to perler bead this now.  Thank you!


This was amazing. I wish I could give him YouTube gold
I know, not sure it's been posted on this subreddit (most likely). His other videos are fantastic too. He's quite new, I can definitely see him going places!
1920x1080 Vector version I just made.

 Cancel that, it's inherent in the design of the image. Nevermind!.Otherwise, this looks fantastic! Well done.
There are some triangle "pixels" on the top left and bottom right
The quality of this picture is awful. Find a better one or don't post it next time
I fixed it somewhat: .I tried to find the original but I couldn't. I found this though: 
cool, thanks
Oh you weren't joking? I thought you were making a joke about the 8bit.
He's talking about the shitty jpeg compression on the image, look in-between the squares and there's lots of artifacts
Yeah I got that. I didn't even open it because I have already seen it before.
yea, i noticed that when the ads were dropping, initially sounded like "let's get back to dance..." something like that...
Its either that or a very warped " up all night to get".
The first robot I hear is saying "We're up all night to get lucky".The second robot is kind of just feeling the groove, but saying the same thing."We're up all night to get - Yeah!
We're up all night to get lucky - Yeah!
(in unison) We're up all night to get lucky!
We're up all night to get luck-y!.Then its mostly in unison, with a distinct track of a robot just saying "get lucky" and throwing it in to stack them all up
We're up all night together.Yea, we're up all night let's get back together .We're up all to get funky .We're up all night to get a luck together .(last line doesn't make much sense, but that's what I hear)
I'm with you. 'Get a luck'. 
I always hear it as "Let's get back together". Though I could be wrong.
Crazy vocoder skills of the same lyrics..It's the same with Lose Yourself to Dance when the "come on, come on, come on..." builds ups with "yeah, oooo" and you can hear either Bangalter or Guy Man doing a whole octave range with the vocoder before "yeah, ooooo" starts again.
What about at 3:15 when Pharrel is saying "were up all night to get lucky" there are some people talking in the background.
Interesting. I don't hear any voices there.
It is between the piano and guitar
Link?  I cant find this.
Yeah, that or 'Make it funky, girl.' 
Never noticed it until you brought it up. Nice observation dude. :D
"Let's get drunk together" FTFY
I always thought thats just one of them having fun with a talkbox.
It's a vocoder, not a talkbox.
Daft punky trash.
Fuck them for not mentioning Human After All
I was upset they mentioned the Tron soundtrack and not Human After All
To be fair, I haven't heard of that album.
Edit: So it must not be good, right.
It's pretty innovative, but rushed and repetitive.
Could someone explain to me how a chart topping group like Daft Punk can remain so fucking obscure to a lot of people? I'm practically musically illiterate and I've still heard of (and love) Daft Punk.
They haven't had a chart topping song released since 2001, excluding Get Lucky.
I'm Pretty sure they want it that anyways.
Human After All, Alive 2007, and Human After All were all chart topping albums. For chart topping songs there was Technologic, HBFS (Alive 2007), and Derezzed.
They had little radio play. 
None of their music really got radio play except "One More Time".They still topped charts and got Grammy nominations regardless
We're talking about  public exposure though.
They were featured on an iPod commercial, the movie they composed music to, and performed at the Grammies with Kanye in their pyramid. What more exposure do you want?
People know the songs, not the artists. 
I'm going to pretend I didn't see the drawings of Thom and Guy-Man unmasked.
k.
The comic is slightly different in my local newspaper, I guess it was altered for a different format. Sorry for potato quality. 
Those comments are ignorant. .Oh well I've never heard of them so they must suck balls, right? They use gimmicks, goes to show you that gimmicks don't equal talent! Haven't even listened to them, they suck. They lip-synch. 
Did somebody actually accuse people with robot masks on of lip-synching or were you joking? I don't dare look...
Here's a quote:
Comment of the day, easily.
I.I just.what
I'm guessing that commentator looked at the drawn pictures of unmasked Guy-Man & Thomas and assumed that the helmets were an occasional thing...
Those.. comments...Not sure if troll.
Why the fuck
would people read the biographic comic if they didn't want to learn?
I laughed at that Lip Sync comment
Ace remix! I think I'll be looking at more of this LeboWski's work.
His work is great, despite being little known.
It's also available on 
Nice gear they have up there, two Moog Voyager RME's each and what looks like a simple 8 channel mixer in the middle. Simple, yet very powerful in terms of effects.
 has more info on their (Alive 2007) live setup.
What a great video, This gave me the chills..Anyone know if the mix at 54 seconds is something available for purchase? Or even just the name so I can find it. I dont recognize it from the Alive release.
It's the bonus track on the Alive 07 album (Human after all/Together/One more time/Music Sound Better With You).

They actually have 4 Moog Voyager RME's, 2 JazzMutant Lemurs, 2 BCR controllers, and a host of custom lighting controllers (at least I think they're custom)..For Reference: 
Ooooh the Lemurs are nice, always wanted some of those. Thanks for the pic!
Np :).Also, you can get Lemur for the iPad for a fee, but it's damn cool..edit: added Lemur info.
I love the video, but I've always wondered: what was the goal of this recording? Was this to be part of the official DVD that got cancelled?
I have not realized that, thank you for pointing that out.
That, or they're playing 
The scene is basically "Rock 'em Sock 'em Robots", so why not play "Robot Rock"?
With Daft Punk in it.
It starts at 1:30
classic DJ-AM (RIP), he was a huge daft punk fan and I think this is from one of his old coachella mixes, he was probably the biggest influence I had to start mixing.if you don't know or haven't figured out by now DJ-AM was the DJ at the party, he was a big iron man and daft punk fan as well as a legendary DJ, he died a few months after this
it is a rather fat beat to beat my best bud to
Are you talking about a friend, or.....
that was the quote he said to the dj to initiate the fight/song
i'm 95% sure he's masturbating 
yeah. this subreddit has been boring for a while now. 
A very true reply to a similar thread on ., by ..
Have been for awhile now.
yea right pffff...did you SEE the new details on the helmets? LIKE HOLY SHIT, I cannot wait for instructions how to make them...I upvoted the shit out of that one dude's post who found new holes in one of the helmets, and I also upvoted everybody else who freaked out about it. It was awesome. .But yea, it's pretty bad here these days, just a bunch of pointless shit about lame covers, helmets, vogue, and action figures. .We need some tour dates you frenchies. Make it happen. 
This will probably get downvoted, but I actually really like listening to all these covers; they are the reason I'm still here. Instead of completely ruining the song, for me they keep a song which I've heard 1000+ times fresh, and let me see it in new lights. .I was a bit disappointed when the album was out, because I thought I would no longer have a reason to come here. Then I discovered that Daft Punk inspired the whole world to make music, and that I could come here to see the result of that; hundreds of artists playing the music we all love, and every day there are 2 or 3 brand new interpretations for us to listen to, how awesome is that? Please don't stop the covers.
We've Come to far... To learn a whole, other song, So let's hum a bar, and upload, to the stars.... We're up all night till the sun, we're up all night for good fun, We're up all night to jam on, we're going to cover "Get Lucky",
Can we bring Raisin Bran back?
There are so many of them, in the names of posts, they say "There are a lot of Get Lucky remixes, but this one's different!" and they're not.
Post Ram Hype, it's died down a bit... i will say... but it's not like they're actively in the public media, so it's not like theres much news out there now
How the hell did that one even start? 
We're up all night to get crunchy
all that stuff about the raisin bran is better than "GET LUCKY COVER WITH TWO FORKS AND BUCKET OF WATER." 
If anyone here owns a saxophone I would apreciate a "motherboard" cover
I have yet to listen to any other remixes other than the one daft punk released. Just don't listen to them.

I find it kinda annoying how they play it on the radio every 30 minutes. Its a good song and all, but its getting kinda annoying now. 
Just once, I'd like to see some covers of other songs off the album. So far I've only seen one Instant Crush cover posted here
I will sing a cover of Motherboard, filmed in portrait with an iPad and its top-notch microphone...just for you.
Yea, it's kinda annoying coming to this subreddit expecting some daft punk news but instead you get a Get Lucky cover with chopsticks. 
There is no Daft Punk news.
Yeah, but I think the Internet has forgotten that DP has made OTHER songs besides Get Lucky.
A new album came out. Are you expecting a sudden barrage of "Face to Face" covers?
I would love that. :c
Curious, Hows the sound quality on that record player
Is that even compatible with large records like RAM?
For being 50 years old, it has amazing quality.
Get them to do an ama!
Plays all sizes!
Looks small 
Awesome!
That's just amazing.
Nothing is better than that smooth sexy sax sound. 
Did we ever get a HQ recording of this? Or is the video the only thing his brother released or said would be released? I need something more...
Eat your heart out Bill Clinton! 
Not bad, I think he could of had a better embouchure if he wasn't looking at the camera, a few minor hiccups, overall pretty good. 4/5 George Michaels, would play again. 
Low quality audio and poor sax playing
working on it
C'mon. Leave the hate filled comments for YouTube ok?
Awesome! Lossless file please :)

Audio quality was low, but the quality of his playing is top notch.
I read the P.S. in the description and burst out laughing

I would be a crime for you to not tell us where to find this.
I will rip this off your fucking hands, I will fly to fucking America, I don't care what I have to fucking do..But I want that..Where did you get that, buddy.
Thats beautiful! Props to your brother
Where did he get this beautiful creation
OMFG I WANT!!
Where can we buy this!!
I still love to watch and listen to the .  No one in the crowd was prepared for what was about to happen.   .On the Alive 2007, the crowd was totally prepared as you can hear them singing the lines to Around the World even before they start. :)
Not official, but I have a good fan made video from the Bercy show on DVD. It was made by syncing up Alive 2007 with all the YouTube clips from that show. It's pretty good and as close as you'll get to seeing an official release.
Do you have a link to that, if it's available online? Sounds neat.
It was made from the videos in this users page. A friend of mine sent me all them edited together on a DVD..Edit: actually it is exactly the clip called assembly that is an hour and twenty five minutes.
Reminds me of the style that "Awesome I Fucking Shot That" by the Beastie Boys was made. In their case, they gave 50 cameras to fans before the show, then edited them all together and released it as a fantastic concert DVD.
Just think of that all being collected, synced, edited, and distributed by one French dude. .The World Is Daft was his name. .He sent Daft Punk copies and was thanked, but also told he could not release it. .It went live for 24 hours and then he had to take it down. But he properly planned it so a bunch of us could snatch it and have the arguably greatest Daft Punk fan project circulated forever. .Forever my dude, I think his real name was Mathieu. .Thank you, TheWorldIsDaft.
That is the name on the YouTube page. What a great guy for doing it. I can't thank him enough!
Awesome! Thanks for sharing! I've never sat down and watched the Alive 2007 performance, so this is a treat.
Thomas said in an interview that they did actually record an official video but after seeing fan videos taken with phones/handhelds he thought it was actually better than the one they got done professionally..I remember him saying something about wanting to have an unofficial vibe to the video so they scrapped the professional one. I actually think its a good idea that they did, the random videos on youtube are awesome, although really low quality.
That's cool but I hope they do release one eventually, it would be a nice gift to the fans to at least have a steady high quality version.
Yep. There were also a few fans that made a compilation from a single show. They took footage from something like 40 different cameras in the crowd and edited together the whole show. Playlist on YouTube:
Yeah. I remember the Pitchfork review talked about it.
If there was, you'd know about it
I think this belongs on .. That there is Snake Eyes.
You've... Become a Medieval knight?....Is there even a subreddit dedicated to Medieval stuff?
Why does this belong here?

They helped produce On Sight, Black Skinhead, I Am A God and Send It Up.
On Sight*
The thing you need to remember is, they helped produce the tracks. It's not like they are (feat. Daft Punk) or anything. Big difference..Therfore, they're not trying to make it sound like Daft Punk or even have "that daft punk sound". .They helped Kanye create something new, for him, with their skills and mindset. .Also worth mentioning, they were far from the only ones who made the tracks. For example, "Black Skinhead" had six more producers beside Kanye West and Daft Punk. (among them, brilliant french electronica producers Brodinski & Gesaffelstein).Personally I think these tracks (and the whole album) are . amazing.
I know they only helped produced Kanye's tracks, but personally I find that there is definitely a HAA sound to 'On Sight' - It almost has the same kind of sound to some of the Tron soundtrack. So whilst they were not trying to make anything with a 'Daft Punk sound', I think it is still there.
Yes, that track being the exception obviously. It isn't swamped with producers, so they were basically free to do their thing with it. Sounds alot like Homework/HAA/Contact. That metallic scratching sound. 
I like Black Skinhead a lot better.  Kanye's lyrics on On Sight were meh
On Sight is definitely something from Homework or Bangalter's solo material. It has the vibe of something from Irreversible.
I do aswell. It's a killer.
Omg I loved to dj this version all the time. Just a great feeling that just drives forward. 
I must admit I've never heard this song by itself before, only as it was mixed in Alive 2007.
this is one my favorite songs when the children intro comes on in it just signal me to feel like a little kid and forget about the world.
If you like this, you'll like Dj Falcon and Thomas bangalter- Together 
I'm personally a "So Much Love to Give" guy. I can listen to that song for ages without getting tired of it.
That beat really reminds me of Musique!
my favorite track from them, i love the drums towards the end with the swing kicks
Just FYI, I think this is an official remix Daft Punk did of a Gabrielle song. It's not a Daft Punk original as far as I know, just released officially on Musique Vol 1. However, it's still beautiful. One of the hidden gems of Alive 2007. (I'm sure you probably know that, but the Youtube video is incorrectly titled, so I felt it could use clarification.)
If I remember correctly, the original sounds almost nothing like it!
I didn't see it on the Musique album when I went to iTunes. I did however see that it's on one of Gabrielle's album but it's simply titled Forget About The World (Daft Punk Mix) but thanks for telling me the correct info
It's on the Japanese iTunes version I think, and on vinyl. 
I've never been able to find the original. I believe it's a R&B song, though, so I don't doubt that it sounds completely different. 
Yeah, I found it about 4 years ago.  I'll look for it again later!
I found the original. Here's the link

Wow, it really does sound nothing like the original..And what a . 90s music video that is.
I know I didn't even watch it all the way through lol 
Word up on that.  DP brought the song to a whole new level, the original is barely listenable in my opinion.
It's hard to find.  I ordered the actual CD to get it..Edit:  Well it looks like it's on . now.  Track 5. This version is longer than the one I have though...
What's the real title?
The real title of this mix on Gabrielle's album is called Forget About the World (Daft Punk Mix) but on Musique it's just called Forget About the World.
Oh! Why I can't see it on the Musique version on Spotify then?
Idk I noticed it wasn't on the spotify version of Musique or the iTunes version. I'm guessing it may be one the album version. 
You and your boyfriend sound like a badass couple.
Wow, thank you! :)
BF reporting in! made . as well. Still like the space one better though.
I think that Motherboard has the Tron Legacy feel you refer to. It's probably because they use the same modular synthesizer.

I find Contact to resemble a lot of SciFi films, namely 2001. However, I see this connection. It seems that the robots used some of what they learned with orchestral scores on RAM.
And maybe also to Aerodynamite, Aerodynamic (Daft Punk remix) and the Remix of Franz Ferdinand ?.By the way I isolated the sound you refer too: .((Steo))
Use the search bar.
its at the end of the build...
If I remember right, that's Harrison Krix, from Volpin props. I think he took this in his hotel room when he was at comicon or a similar convention.
Looks like a scene from "No Country for Old Men
Looks like Thomas got lucky... I'm sorry
Looks like the Volpin Props build of the thomas helmet, and the jacket and whatnot
Fucking goosebumps. 
If I had a time machine, I'd use it to go to this concert.
This was made by a FrenchTouchForum user. I remember when he finished the editing. He posted it in the middle of the night we were all super excited !
I'm considering downloading this, image stabilizing it (get rid of camera shakes), and adding higher quality audio on. Would people be interested in that?
I think this is as close as we will ever get to any sort of official video release. .All credit goes to the YouTube user who took the time to make this awesome video and upload it.
They were going to do an official release but decided the fan made videos were much better.
This sounds great!.Considering your username, could you make Dethklok the opening act as well? 
Coachella 2006 will forever be the best live DJ set of all time.
360p :(

Ah that part at 1:21:07 is my favorite. Gets me so pumped.
During Technologic, I always thought it said "Fuck It" while it repeated, glad to see I was right..Fuck, I wish I could have seen this live.
Why would I enjoy this?  I'm only subscribed to r/DaftPunk...
I've always wanted a version without the audience!  Thanks for sharing!
What song begins at 30:35?  The repeating 'laser sound', for lack of a better word.  I can't seem to find it on the official release of Alive 2007.
Burning from Homework. Track 6 on Alive 2007 ;)
Geez, no idea why I couldn't find that. Thanks.
I have like 5 different versions of this show. I think Vegoose is my favorite. It's basically just a wide shot of the entire stage with almost no camera switches.
I only have the audio of Vegoose and Coachella (as well as Alive 2007) in FLAC..Where did you get the video from?
Link please? 
Link!
Vegoose has always been my favorite set from Alive 2007 because of the Humans around 4:15
I was front row-ish for their vegoose set! Even though I got pick-pocketed during the queens of the stone age set on our way to the front and had a horribly sprained ankle, this was easily one of the best days of my life.
I was there too! My friends ven made their own helmets
There were 2 girls rocking very well made helmets near us. They were on the stage-left side of the crowd across the media area/divider. Were those your friends?? My buddies and I were on the stage-right side smashed up against the fence. 
I think pictures of these girls showed up in a Spin magazine story about Daft Punk.
Yes, that was them! I was on the same side (stage left aka guy-man side) a few rows back.
Found 
The coachella 2006 is my favorite.  I'll never forget, it was almost Halloween... It was cold outside and my roommates and I had carved our pumpkins.  I was cruising the Internet on a Sunday morning (actually looking up old daft punk videos).  But those got me thinking "hey, I wonder if there's anymore live footage from their LA show from back in '96"... As I started searching this "daft punk live coachella 2006" link showed up about 2 pages deep.  I thought to myself "no fucking way did they just play live.  Not just anywhere but in the US at that."  I thought it HAD to be a fake.  So I watched it, watched it again, then watched it some more.  I called up my buddy and told him that daft punk did their first live show since the 90s and he told me to "fuck off" because "they don't do that anymore".  My reply was "fuck you.  Now watch the damn video.  And if they decide to do this again we're going."  Sure enough in march of the following year tickets went on sale for the Alive 2007 world tour.  we bought two tickets for the first show that wasn't sold out and drove from Michigan to California to witness music history..EDIT: 
Daft Punk at Vegoose
Meh.
Guy-man is a robit, and Thomas is a human.  
Actually, Thomas is a cyborg.
Why is the right hand/fingers floating randomly when his arm is down at his side?
First thought: we are human after all.
Robots don't have skeletons, silly.
guy's head is a bit lower down than thomas's, but good work!
Guy-Man is significantly shorter than Thomas.
Prime time of your life!
He turned out to be human after all
He's shorter. Use your eyes.
yes, im aware hes shorter but this looks like the split-helmet thing and in that they're at the same level, so for the purposes of this picture, they could be the same height and it would be no biggie
You'd want to have even heads, rather than the rest of their bodies?.Edit: Plus, the skeletons would be off too.
Get rid of the awkward hands and it'll be perfect.
It says I'm on the member waiting list and I can't price check. Can somebody please post the prices?
I'd prefer if the robots had robot inyards, like when Guy took his helmet off in "Prime Time of Your Life."
...you can see his filling... looks like a possible root canal.
I replied to this above, but basically . of the site with prices.
I want that necklace...
 ends July 10th 12PM PDT, and you need to be a member of TouchOfModern to buy (signup is free)..Prices are a little steep, if you can afford them, lucky.
How much does he want for them?  I don't have time to become a member, don't have a lot of time to come to meetings or anything.
I didn't realize there was a waiting list, that's too bad.  For what it's worth, . a screencapture of the site with prices. But just so they're posted here as well:.The black-background print, called ., is $299..There are 2 versions of the . prints: an unlimited set (I . of both) which sells for $419, and a limited version . that sell for $1,699 a piece. There's only 100 of those.
Why so expensive you think? I'm just gonna find a high quality jpeg and print it out myself at Staples for 30 bucks really.
WAY TO STEAL MY FUCKING POST FUCK NUT. lol jk idgaf about karma or if you stole it. I wish I could get those too.
Sorry, I just got it in an email and didn't think to check. Since you don't care about karma you're getting an up vote anyways.
haha no need to say sorry but thanks for the upvote, I upvoted you and your comment too.

Awesome.
Who turned out the lights?
Oh you. Excited for the 50th?
Super pumped! I got a watching buddy and everything!
Wait, what's going on? I've been out of the loop.
Those posters are fake. Everyone knows that they are robots.
Nah dude, they're human after all.
-robot voice-. (que end of music)
That's what Daft Punk does.
I've been in a similar situation recently. Lost all motivation entirely after losing a lot of work in a server crash. I hope sometime soon I can have the same revelation you did, it'd be nice to get back to work on something, anything. 
That's awesome, man. I hope things get better for you.

 










Yup, it's been up on amazon for a while now
Oh huh, well I just got emailed about it and my search on this subreddit for it pulled up nothing. So I figured I should post it to get the word out to those that might not know!
It's good to remind people since we're getting closer to release. I just wanted to add amazon since some people have had problems with myplay during the album release.
I like the name sir
This has been done rather a lot, but I appreciate the effort of whoever did it. We must've had like five of these "synced" versions.
I'm sure it's been done because to a Daft Punk fan it seems like a pretty obvious thing to do. I'm curious about your thoughts on some of the sync points and coincidences listed in the description section of the Vimeo link.  I haven't found any others that lined up as well on the whole - maybe those past links have been taken down or made private.
I really enjoyed watching this but I think I may enjoy it more if the songs were switched about to make more sense with the narrative. I know the film and movie have anything in common, it's just a little pet peeve really, like when Guy and Thomas take off the latex to "lose yourself to dance." That would have been an ideal opportunity for "Touch" to play. Still though, kudos to the person who synced them.
This is great, but I'd rather see HAA synched with Electroma. Link please if anyone has it. (Yes, I know RAM is the exact playing time of Electroma and that HAA is just over half the playing time)
Doesn't really seem like anything special to be honest. It's really just . over Electroma.
That's exactly what it is and that's exactly what makes it special. Check the description in the Vimeo link and make note of some of the 'coincidences' and uncanny sync points - then reassess your opinion and get back to me.
Maybe she meant this


This mix is perfect 
How about downloading the loop in .? I think its much easier that way
I don't know how to help you, man, but . post a link to the finished product.
hmmm, I considered that but I wanted to see if I could remake the whole song on my own. If I can't figure it out I will resort to the daftclub thnx
Ok, good luck then! Give a link if you're done with it
will do man
It is really simple, but after hearing the song so many times it was nice to hear something a tiny different.
I guess they got the idea from that magazine interview video they did?
Different? Yes..Good? No.
Could you tell me why it isn't good? I'm not disagreeing with you; I just want to know.
It says so in the description.
Didn't we establish this like a million years ago?
The remix is like 10mins long...
Didn't Nile Rodgers say they were filming for a video? It might not have been a video for Get Lucky but I'm pretty sure he said something along those lines.
I personally think that there will be a full length video. Just from the working in the original title "Get Lucky Remix Video Promo". If there wasn't going to be a full length video, I think they would have worded it "Get Lucky Remix Promo Video". It's also not like the full song hadn't been released at the time of the video being released (like it was with Get Lucky and the SNL teasers). Hopefully you understand what I mean. Also, when I emailed Tom Kuntz about the Get Lucky video and the wikipedia hoax, I said "Did you actually direct the official Get Lucky music video?" he said "Haha, Weird. No I did not." He obviously worded this carefully, I think he directed the remix video. Also, it's been mentioned heaps of times before but when Nile said to The Guardian that the band were filming the full music video, he yelled to the dancers "Disco" or something like that. Why would Nile be on set unless he had an appearance? The nodding between Thomas and Guy-Man also make it seem like something is about to happen. Honestly, I think the remix video will make up for the 'blandness' of the remix (I think the remix is great but a lot of people don't). They said no videos for RAM, this isn't RAM, its a remix of a song from RAM. They wouldn't have such an elaborate set for 37 seconds of screen time.  If there is a video coming out, it would come out either on the 6th or the 16th (give or take a day, I'm an Aussie and we get things a day late here ;) of July, take my word for it. Don't stop believing! 
They had the most epic set for the unboxing-video of RAM...which was only about 15 seconds. So I'm not sure about that assumption!
The video went for 1:41 and it was a hype commercial for TV and the internet, it would have paid itself off by the first day or two after airing. I accept your point, however half of that set could be CGI. If anything, if they built that set and made a VEVO account, then that is further proof that there are music videos to come for the remixes. An interesting thing I noticed in the video - like in Technologic, they could be directing the video themselves with the actors in place of them. 
Sounds VERY plausible :)
Why is everyone convinced they are lying to us? What do they have to gain? They haven't outright lied to us before, why would they start now?
Denial-->anger-->sadness-->depression-->acceptance. It's a long turbulent road. 
The robots explained this before. They're doing it so people focus on the music instead of the videos. Thats why they did the short SNL ads too
This. We're not getting a music video, and I'm fine with that.
I'm gonna be honest, and I love Daft Punk, but that is such silly reasoning. .Without a music video, they will get no play on music channels and personally, I'd like to see THEM back on MTV so people realize that fantastic music is still happening instead of Lil Wayne and Nikki Minaj. .They're raising the bar but by not having a mainstream video, we don't see this bar actually raise anything. .Kids and adults hear it on the radio and think, "Cool, I like this song. It's Pharrel and some other guys."  They don't realize that they are listening to freaking Nile Rodgers. They probably don't know who he is and think old 70s and 80s music is dumb and for old people when in actuality, this could be a possibility or uniting two generations. .Yeah, it's a big idea but I think it's true. 
Hey thanks for creating that skin it sure looks amazing!
But I have one Problem: . 
Is there a way i can fix this ?  
What about facebook app?
It's not an app, it's a shortcut that opens Facebook on your default browsers. But I am 
 working on something Facebook related to add to this skin ! 
I set the .bmp file as the background, but I have no idea what to do with the other files.
Hey, you just need to edit the skin and change the x y coordinates through notepad. 
Now do one where Thomas' visor is a 16:9 aspect ratio video player!
"Daft Time" is pretty cringe worthy, but the rest is cool.
Ahah I may change it! 
"Daft Punk" please :D
EDIT- Works perfectly ONLY in 1920x1080. I'm sorry, it's my first skin.
 Punk.zip.Feel free to use ,share and modify it. Instructions: 1) Download Zip File 2)Unzip 3)Change Background to " Wallpaper" 4)If Rainmeters is already running, open every single folder and choose what you want to install. There are 2 helmets - Spotify(unfortunatly with missing features ) and iTunes ( works great). Open Rainmeter Skin Editor , and Run the skins. It doesn't work perfectly all the time, sometimes you have to right click and refresh, expecially for the "overlay" skins.
The font I used is called 
Is there one for WMP/ Does it work with WMP?
Like the legend of the phoenix... [Sing along, Reddit!]
10/10 would elect.
Dance we can believe in.
can someone link one without the water mark and "daft punk" in the corner?
Unless someone wants to edit it in photoshop, good luck. It's from a t-shirt design on redbubble... .Edit: Actually, scratch that. Just looks like I didn't sleuth enough. Not the best quality though..Thomas:
.Guy-Manuel:

Thanks!
slightly bigger:
.

Edit: .Link to the Daftendirektour 
thanks man (:
Thanks!
damn, this is awesome. 
I have DJ Hero 1 and completed the whole entire game from start to finish. The DP mashups on there are incredible, especially this 
Do we really need questions like this on the sub? Of course people have played DJ Hero 1 and/or 2, It was a reasonably unique game, which sold more than a couple thousand, and had Daft Punk in it, so some people bought it just for that. 
my favourite is 
Never realized their were . the game, that's awesome
They were the only DJ I used once I unlocked them. 
I like Technologic/Cars.
I completed both DJ Hero 1 and 2. But... did you know Daft Punk didn't really did these remixes/mashups themselves? .Also, see this "behind the scenes" video of the game:

DJ Hero is my favourite game of all time. That's how I discovered Daft Punk. That's how I got into dance music, and later DJing. That's how I met wonderful people through the music I love. 
I wanted too... but the turntables were crappy and never worked when i bought them...
LOVE how he implemented the melody of the "Make it funky girl!" vocoder part from the robot breakdown around 2:27 
Best bass cover I've seen yet. Very tasty.
Original post: 
Kinda reminds me of the bass guitar in "Something About Us."
yay thanks for posting this, i'm so glad they made a poster of this cover!!!  i thought that was normally reserved for people like taylor swift....also, i googled and found that if you use the code JULY4TH you get 30% off, so basically half off the shipping.  for me it ended up being a little over $11
ordered mine as well! its so nice and elegant looking!
lmao, poster of magazine front page :DDD???
Damn! This is excellent. I'm annoyed though cause I just paid a bunch to have the promotional album poster itself framed, I think I woulda preferred to do this instead. Oh well!
Wait...what...where?
Always knew GM was the wild one, while Bangalter was the easy going one.
Does anybody have a link to the full article?
I read this article on a plane flight from Denver, and it's the reason I gave RAM a genuine chance and therefore the reason RAM evolved from a painful disappointment to my second favorite Daft Punk studio album.
First? ...Discovery...?
The Sidecar is my favorite drink because of this article. 
Yep, that album and Ratatat's first two are what started me on electronic music.
Classics was my favorite!
as a robot, it is fascinated by our human sex dancing
Your comment reminds me of a quote from Legion (a collection of programs that form a gestalt consciousness) during Mass Effect 2. If the player speaks to Legion in a club on Omega, Legion responds: "We do not comprehend the organic fascination of self-poisoning, auditory damage and sexually transmitted disease."
cool, im in toilet taking a shit and reading comic
We have no room for trolls here, go find another subreddit
YEAH, CAUSE .  IS A SUPER SERIOUS SUB REDDIT AND ONLY SERIOUS DISCUSSIONS ARE ALLOWED. 
He's not even trolling. He's just saying what he was reading in response to what OP said. 
take a look at his profile
Oh god it's its horrible. 
Well, yeah, that's the idea.
That's kind of silly. 
Why?.This is one of the few subreddits . full of assholes..And we intend to keep it that way. 
It's silly to be serious all the time. Like I get being serious during discussions on their music. But something like this? That's silly. 
You literally posted in a thread that inclided a discussion talking about their music..Please find a different subreddit if you're not willing to co-operate. 
We're... we're full of assholes?
I thought we . full of assholes!.Jesus I'm lost.
Whoops..Thanks, autocorrect combined two words.
You shitting me? .First off this a clip of the article. It mentions nothing about the music. This thread started with some dude laughing on a toilet and some dude saying "THERE'S NO ROOMS FOR TROLLS" All the dude was doing was laughing on a toilet. .I co-operate all the time, but I hate seeing somebody taking the internet seriously. It's embarrassing for them.
Embarrassing? I'm perfectly fine taking a break from the stupid side of the Internet once in a while. This is kind of an escape for many. So like I said, fuck off if you're going to make the experience worse for others. 

Guy Man keepin it real since 1974
Guy is my spirit animal
Guy-Man, doin' it right.
There isn't a manlier name in existence.
Do I see... . under those visors??
"Will feature the duo's latest attire from RAM".Leather Jackets with Daft Punk on the back? Try again...
loving the LCD Soundtrack reference 
They wanted realism, they got realism..My question: is this a hint that the lighted helmets will make a comeback?
I preordered them them not to long ago.
Same style as the Power Ranger Samurai toys, if you are familiar. 
Sorry, wallet, but I needed Guy-Man.
Come on man, b-be reasonable! Please spare me!
I can't wait for these. I have both of the TRON 12 inch figures and they are awesome..And if you are worried about the price.....they will be worth double in a year it two. I spent 40 on the Kubrick Daft Punk figures from TRON and they are now worth about 70 or 80 a year later.
the TRON RAH ones are still on sale on many stores though, the HAA RAH ones are really where the money is at, those are in the $1000 range
Yeah, I Know...I've kept a keen eye out for the HAA RAH for about two years now, and in that time have only seen about 3 sets sold. Those are RARE.
Am I the only one who thinks instead of putting out action figures they should be touring. If i dont get to see them live before I die I will not have lived. 
"they" dont put out action figures.
Mm. Glad the article sounds so condescending... :/
No light guys. Its just an effect of the figure its self.
While you're probably right it would be great to have the light up option with changeable outfits to relive past albums.
Heck yeah! I'd love light up figures!
Fixed links:
Did the preorder site not work for anyone else? 
The Guy-Man link worked for me.
Next live tour, encore will have light up helmets and sequins.
$90 for the pair seems a little steep..
Take a look at how much Daft Punk figures are going for on eBay. That 90 dollars will more than double in less than a year. .Also, I pre-ordered these figures in April or May. Weird to see an article popping up on it now. 
Repopping up. Like a repost or something...
i did too. and purposely didnt post...because im greedy haha
Just know I don't blame you OP. The article says July 3rd so you're in the clear!
For now...
This article skips over the most important question.
woah.Woah!
Regardless of this remix sounds, I think Michael Jackson was the dream collaborator for Daft Punk on this album. I can't help but get sad whenever I think of all the music we may have been able to hear had he still been alive today.
Don't remind me!.Right in the feels, it took me ages to get over the fact that Michael Jackson and Daft Punk could've made music together. 
When I saw it it for the first time my mind was blown too
It's awesome!
damn son
Mad respect! Sounds fantastic!
I feel like I'm listening to a perfect 80's movie. so a john hughes movie.
I love this!
May I get a download also? I love this!
Damn that synth solo at the end is awesome
Loving the disco feel. Your remix of Jamiroquai's Canned Heat is pretty sick, too.
yeah, good job on Canned Heat
Thought I got rickroll'd for a second.
This is a really good remix, but one problem. I don't know how to download it.
Aww man no DL-link.. bummer :( sounds really awesome though
I'll leave this here:
What a good find! :)
Posting this on facebook.
I like this more than the daft punk get lucky remix
give me your email :)
Did it get taken down?  Soundcloud says the song is no longer there.
Lennon dot McCartney9 at Gmail dot com
Actually probably one of the best remixes i've heard, but I think the other aspects of the song overpower the vocals, as they can be hardly heard unfortunately
Holy crap dude this is awesome!
I totally agree, nice work man. Probably the only remix I've heard that seems to capture the feels of daft punk.
Sounds way different than daft punk. Captures the spirit i guess you could say. Regardless, it's good work. 
Thanks man, appreciate it
Is there anywhere I can download it? I'd happily pay for it
Let me know your email, I'll send it to you
I shall be PM'ing you with my email as well sir. Such an amazing job on this remix!
that was pretty good thanks for the link!
I want to not like this but I have to admit, it's not bad. Could do without the "I don't care" crap though.
Nice mixing, sounds all really good together!
Wow Icona Pop only just breaking it in the states?  Or is this just very generous with the "2013"?
This article explains it all: 
Well that couldn't have been more relevant.  So " Icona Pop also release the single in Australia, where it goes 4x platinum." being step number 6 explains why I'm so confused..That song was so ubiquitous in Australia last year and I'm so used to our charts normally matching up with other English speaking countries..That's really fascinating, thanks!  
I heard Get Lucky in Tim Hortons. (And it wasn't even in Canada.)
The exact same thing happened to me yesterday
Heard Instant Crush while shopping today!
But get lucky is on everywhere 24/7. Well at least here I live it is. 
Since we're on the topic of chart topping music playing in public like this is some kind of rare event or something.......I was in Pizza Hut last week and heard Get Lucky on the radio. Found out my mom falls into the "Mexican monkey" group of Get Lucky mishearings.
I was at an Outback Steakhouse and they were playing Give Life Back to Music. I was kinda hoping they would play the whole album.
There's this Muslim talk show in a TV channel where i live, they play Motherboard for the background music. Big LOL
Where's that? In Iran I remember hearing an instrumental version of Toxicity during some music program on state TV.
Indonesia
I wake up with Get Lucky everyday.
:D
Repeat = Never._
Gonna get tired of it really quickly.
The worst way is to set it to 'Short Circut'. You don't wanna know how many times I've been ear raped by that song as I was dozing off. 
Don't do it! It'll ruin your love for the song!
That will never happen.
No way. I never put my favourite songs as my alarm. I would end up hating them so much.
I used "High Life" for a year. I ended up liking it more. Unexpected.
You have to use a song you hate for it to work anyway.."It's Friday, Friday, gotta get down on F-"."FUCK YOU PHONE I GET IT"
Exactly. The last time I did that was like 5 years ago, and I . twitch when I hear that song.
Fuck, I also unknowingly murdered a great Breakbot song (the Pnau Remix)by setting it up as a ringtone =( Ringtones/alarms, no even once.
Ringtones aren't as bad. It's still not a good idea but with an alarm you're pretty much guaranteed to be in a bad mood when hearing the song, and from then on you'll associate that song with that bad mood. With a ringtone that isn't usually the case.
Just a tip, this was made in Cinema4D, we also have a subreddit, .!
I liked the one two after the winner more. :<
I really liked the one with the super heroes. 
Yeah, that one is amazing.
Yay, I'm not an outcast! :D
And be sure to check all the other video's here:

This is very good!
This is beautiful!! Anybody willing to make a .gif of it!?? 
Really I wouldn't mind a .gif of most of them. They are all pretty cool.
I feel like a majority of them are forced into a 5 second video, but would really benefit from something like a full music video, or at least 15 seconds!
OMG!!11!!1! A picture!!!11!1!
ok.
A little slow
do you think they have ever tried on each other's helmet just for shits and giggles
Hmm, Guy-Man's wearing a different jacket to the past promos
Looped this like 50 times now.
cool thingy, but those seats look uncomfortable as fuck
I. Love. Those. Necklaces..Anyone know where to get them?
Question: Is there a way to buy those necklaces? Or does anybody make them?
lel illuminati necklaces
Thinking about it, It would be funny as hell to have them giggling putting on each others helms.
Either from the Get Lucky video or the RAM movie 

DAElluminati?
Just go onto Spotify. The whole, really odd remix is up there.
extended club mix
I thought of the guitar spaceship from interstella 5555 when i saw that picture.. & 
Heres an uncropped version for ya :) 
anyone know how to get this in 2560x1600 res?
Grazie!
Grazie Mille!
It's just from the promo video from a few days ago..There is/will be no music video.
They said they weren't going to do any...
This is a video, with music. Hmm? 
the video is how long? about a minute and a half? Get lucky is about 4-6 minutes, and the remix is 10 minutes. if you do the math, it doesn't come out like that.
It's a promo video, not a music video..Just like the video they made for Get Lucky and the video for the album release..They said they weren't doing music videos for the album.
source?.and did they say they arent doing videos for the remixes?.because this is for the remix
They never fucking said that 
They did fucking say that.
They said that they wouldn't before the release of RAM 
You're right. They said there would be no videos . the release of the album. I would be very surprised if there were no videos with the singles,  but I think it would come out with the physical single on the 15th(?).
you would know, you're Guy-Man.
Calling it now, music video set in discovery universe. Discovery daft punk travels the cosmos collaborating with artist from other planets.
They should show a cameo of the Crescendolls somewhere.
Are we ever going to find out why Daft Punk is on the Enterprise?
Oh man. Daft Punk star trek crossover would be awesome. 
It looks more like something out of . from Spaceballs, to me.
Thanks for the new wallpaper!
I don't get what's new about this. Isn't this just a still from the promo video Columbia released last week?

it's been my computer wallpaper for over a week now
That was pretty arousing.
Source?.Awesome pic, by the way.
Brazzers 
Confirmation to myself that 47 is for sure the best number in all existence. 
They have long fingers 
Not as bad as .
Bonjour!
Good lord....
I saw it a few moths ago on his facebook page.
Why does Nile's head look so big compared to the rest of his body? Is that just me?
I remember seeing this picture when the album was barely even speculation! That's when the hype, for me, started 
I believe Nile posted this last year on his birthday. Not really a source though.
Huh. Would've been nice to have this a littler earlier when RAM was released. 
That was my immediate first thought as well and then I blushed insanely at work when I realized it lol. 
I actually posted this two months ago.

I don't even remember my comment in there.
I remember it being posted back in February 2012 when the pic first made the rounds.
I remember seeing it last summer when Niles said that they literally went to his place in New York and started jamming.
I wanna take a guess and say Thomas is on the right and Guy-Man's on the left. That might be simple knowledge, but still.
Yeah I could tell right away too.
i wanna take a guess and say you are fucking genius and i wanna hug you
And this picture is further proof that Guy-Man is indeed buff and not overweight.
Still got dat...beer gut
Buff-Man
Yeah, I'm not seeing it.
You know you're a badass when you can wear a shirt with a picture of yourself on it.

Yeh my link should take you to about 12:05, but youtube seems to being a bit odd at the moment.
This is amazing. While I'd like to believe to that the crowd started singing in unison spontaneously, I can hear the track faintly playing in the background. Anyone know if this was coming from the stage? In any case, if the robots were in attendance I bet they were proud.
Yeh it was played from the stage straight after Chic had finished, so obviously the crowd burst into song.
(Although people's knowledge of the lyrics are somewhat lacking...)
We're up all night to get some (327x)
Nice job with Conway's Game of Life.
Alright mahlon.
You should make one where Guy-man's helmet is flashing a heart and thomas helmet scrolling Get Lucky! :D
I'll try a go at it, it'll take a while though
Take all the time you need man, im interested in how it will look :D
I'll have a flexible deadline of friday of next week. Who knows? I might go crazy and finish it before then!
Edit: spelling
Or at least not featuring your name so's the rest of us can enjoy it!
I like how the final lyrics are "all ends with beginnings". The song literally ended with the beginning.
Sweet thanks man!
Australians (And probably other non US markets) don't bother, it's US only.
I just bought it and I live in holland.
Now we just need it on something other than itunes...

I don't mind iTunes actually. Mainly because the quality is quite good for downloads (256 AAC, plus Mastered for iTunes). But Amazon usually has cheaper songs/albums, so I prefer them more often than not..My personal order:.CD > iTunes > Amazon
I like having mp3 format which I could use for my ipod, xbox, and car.
AAC is accepted by Zune. I would imagine that your car (?) or Xbox could play AAC.
*car stereo. I put files on a flashdrive which I plug in.
Spotify?
not entirely sure if it works, as Spotify is not available in Canada :(
, I want to be able to download it without iTunes BS.
Pirate it, then buy it when the remix comes out on a different platform.

I thought it was funny, not sure why all the downvotes.
Australians (And probably other non US markets) don't bother, it's US only.  ( ^_^) .Let me fix that for you (automated comment unflipper) 
Oh that bowl cut is darling. I'd say oof my ovaries but considering the things I'd like to do them that would just be CREEPY. 
I received Homework for my birthday the other day and listened to it today (vinyl). Loved how they had these pictures on there and the pictures of them DJ-ing. Great album!
Source so we know it's real? 
 Here it is
it was a link i saw on here a long time ago. some sort of magazine article. trying to find it
Ah, not to worry!.We have proof! Awesome post! 
It's from the Homework liner notes
[deleted]
You could've just, y'know, left without telling everyone and suffering that hit to your karma and being a general douche.
At least I didn't resort to name calling. I was just explaining my disdain for what this sub has become. It's a shame that everyone is so worried about karma, because a dissenting . always gets downvoted, when really that's not the point of downvoting. Maybe i'll resubscribe when they finally tour, I'm sure that will bring some fresh content (Awesome photos/videos of live shows? yes please!). .I didn't mean to offend. 
Damn. With a comment that classy, now . the asshole..You sly dog.
Thank-you!
Thomas has the same big forehead, it's really cute too. 
Are there any photos of their parental units?

Awww, baby-Bangalter! And baby guy-man (I guess we can refer to him as guy-baby here?) reminds me of the 
Baby-Man
Baby-Baby
Baby-Baby De Homem Christo
Guy man never smiles.
He does on the three most recent pics of them
$85 for one day at lollapalooza IIRC
I will easily pay $200 for a ticket.
id probably go 500 to a g 
I would set aside at least $200 for tickets to their next tour. I'd love something like Alive, but with RAM and the Tron Soundtrack, complete with symphony orchestra. 
Mine were $85 for the Seattle show (fuck you ticketmaster!) but I would easily pay triple that
I paid $48 bucks for their show in Berkeley. Super cheap and it was general admission. Got up nice and close for getting there early. 
I was at that show as well!  I remember the mosh pit up close was insane...
I saw them at Keyspan park and I bought four tickets paying, I believe, $65 each. I believe the total was around $240 (yes, I know 654 is not 240)..Good luck paying that much with their next tour.
I don't have my ticket on hand but from what I remember I paid $80 I think with fees?
I sold a single ticket for 175$
Ah, memories.. I still use the photos I took during that show for my desktop wallpaper!  They came out surprisingly well for a show where there was a lot of people and dancing..Just searched through my past email for "daft punk ticketmaster" and came upon my confirmation email:.That's for two tickets total with fees and all, each ticket was $50 I believe.  I'm pretty sure any pricing for a new tour will be higher than that..Edit: And if I recall correctly, The Rapture, Sebastian, and Kavinsky opened.
That sounds splendid.... If only I was 2 years older at the time!! xD
Why? Do you have to be a certain age to get in?
To my knowledge (Stuff I go to tends to be at smaller venues and 21up)most concerts tend to be 18 or 21 up. My parents also wouldn't let me travel on my own until I was 18. 
Well, in Toronto I think I paid 85 bucks
You want tickets over me?! Me mum's a wrestla m8, you wanna fight me, you gotta fight me mum! .On Topic: I believe they were about, $60 or something like that, i'm not sure and i'm looking for an answer myself. D:
In Australia I think I paid about $115. 
I think Australians tend to have to pay more for just about everything though, so keep this in mind. 
and have a higher minimum wage, to be fair.
That's because you're constantly in a dangerous work environment!! ;) Haha, one of the AUS. exchange students I keep up with got bit by a koala on the way to her work when she tried to move it out of the street!!
I think I paid $55 or so for Alive at Red Rocks.edit: wait, just checked my email history too. $66.95. Tuesday, July 31st, 2007. If it ever happens again, I doubt it'll ever be that cheap again. 
Best venue.
if you're in the midwest area i'm gonna mess you up for those tickets
Nope, Texas. It's a shame- our battle would've been legendary.
i guess we still have Alive 2007... siighhhh.
I'm in Australia but im in on this..edit: I typed this upside down. 

I'm in Australia but im in on this.  ( ^_^) .Let me fix that for you (automated comment unflipper) 
how annoying....AUSTRALIA AUSTRALIA AUSTRALIA AUSTRALIA
You'll have to get past me first!
I'm in the Midwest. Challenge accepted.
then, i, from texas as well, accept your challenge and raise you a ram vinyl
there seems to be a lot of texans on reddit..welcome, brother.
I feel like I've just been admitted into a cult..Dawn is breaking.
Night is falling.And we Texans hold the light. .Together, we must unite. 
I was actually making a reference to Oblivion. There's a cult called the Mythic Dawn in that game, and their doorkeeper says to your character, "Dawn is breaking." To which you respond, "Greet the new day.".Your version works too
I like mine better. .Also, haven't played more than an hour of oblivion but that sounds dark brotherhoodish. Is it?
Nope, Mythic Dawn. The Dark Brotherhood is . Oblivion, but they aren't in the main plot.
Oh. I kinda didn't do anything story related in the hour, lol.  
I've logged 8 hours. Even if you had done strictly story in that hour, you still wouldn't get it..It's a . game.

lol disco
Dude, that part at the beginning is totally disco!
I would be surprised if it was released separately, actually. Sorry :(.
I guess you're right.
Hes actually playing it with his dick.
Well that's the oddest choice for video camera positioning while playing an instrument.
Genuine question, would this be that difficult?
You would be surprised. 
Fuck yeah Gators. 
Why do people who record videos of unorthodox instruments never wear shirts?
Well done, black man from Florida.
After I listen to this, I feel like imma get stabbed by robots
It's actually a requirement. I tried it with a shirt on and it sounded like garbage. 
I should have known.
In case we need more funk? Man we can also use more funk..Good post OP.
appreciate it mate
welcome back to real time, cowboy
Thanks, Luddo, though this actually has ben posted before.
Yeah, i did a quick search before i posted it and nothing was up. Posted it as quick as i could and 4 were up when i did a search after haha. you guys are too quick!
Would help if i put the link in. 
This is rather old
Justice - Genesis.Nero - Doomsday.Kavinsky - Roadgame.Feed Me - Little Cat Steps.Data - Verdict.The Glitch Mob - Fortune Days.Sebastian - Tetra.The M Machine - Luma.Keep in mind none of these sound similar to RAM but it's all modern electronic music with varying degrees of classical influence.
Ryksopp Forever by Ryksopp.One of my favourite songs. I'm sure it will meet your expectations. :)
Luma ._. Amazing stuff..I already knew about the others, but that was... ominous.
Check out Hybrid. One of my favs: 
Well, the obvious suggestion would be Daft Punk's Tron score. Outside of DP unfortunately, I can't name anyone else.
Thanks but I already have that one unfortunately.  Still a great soundtrack though!
really liked Luma.
also, bonus points for Fortue Days I would also add Warrior Concerto to that
Can.. not.. be... unheard

You should hide your suggestion somehow... I've listened 10 times, but now it's the only thing I can hear.
Eh.
I can hear her say signs my ., sign my ...edit:added *
i can't be the only one hearing this, right?
seems legit. 
I was really hoping someone would yell "shoeshine" in the song, but no luck.
This is all I can hear now.
I cracked up at this post, then checked it out and cracked up again. I'll never unhear it now...
awesome. now hang it on your toilet door
This is probably the coolest rendition of this picture I've seen to date.
Thanks! I'm glad you like it.
Great remix. It takes a fantastic downbeat song and tastefully turns it into an upbeat one.
Absolutely superb. This may have now become my favorite remix of a DP song (not done by them).
wow, other people actually know this game exists...awesome!
Dat Rotoscoping.....Also, seeing JonTron slap on the helmet and start randomly firing a laser around might be one of my favorite things...
The photoshop is weak with this one.
Heres the Original . .Edit: . the scene OP is referring to.
Looks like a really, REALLY bad photoshop there.
hahahhahhahahahaahahaha like daft punk sign things
They do. But you need to meet then in person, with a marker, with the thing you want them to sign. 
Do they? Anyone have any examples?
Sure: .Whoops, wrong link.
I think it's a little late for this post...
Verrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrry.
Fixed link. Sorry. :<
Chop off your left testicle and I will sign it. 
Fixed link. Sorry. :<
Then tell me what's new?
Well, nothing has to be new. It's just that we've all seen the RAM vinyl.
To bad robots cant sign.
It's almost vintage now. 
"I would give anything to get this signed.".Daft Punk: I'll have your LP..OP: But...
Damn, I feel bad for you man..Poor crowd must've been so disappointed. 
Rumours at Glasto are always a bit crazy. My friend was at that same FatBoy Slim thing on Thursday and claimed to have seen Daft Punk. There were also rumours about the Park Stage on the Sunday night with whispers about Queens of the Stone Age, Muse or (more likely) Atoms for Peace. I went up to the Park Stage and overheard someone asking security who said that The Park was closing early on Sunday like every year..I'd much rather see DP as part of a more polished tour rather than a DJ-set or anything like that. Although it would have been awesome for their last tour (the one with the Pyramid) to be set inside the Pyramid Stage.
personally i would have preferred to have seen them play something lower key than headlining a stage. Yeah they are capapble and amazing but the whole concept of them dj'ing in something like arcadia is immense. .I prefer the mystery of them, and i feel that while a tour would be incredible, them being spontaneous would be so much better in terms of live performance
Daft Punk has already concretely said that there would be no tour or live shows for this album. We should just accept their word as gospel.
That doesn't mean they won't tour in general. 
No, I'm sure that is exactly what it means.
Them saying they aren't touring for the album does not mean they won't tour ever again. >.> 
No one said they'd never tour again. .They just won't be touring for the foreseeable future. Maybe after the remix album or for their next full album. From what I've read they seem to have a low interest in touring in general as of late.
Rob Da Bank said that Daft Punk management had confirmed to him that they would be making no festival appearances in 2013, he tried to book them for Bestival.  If they were going to appear anywhere it would have been with Nile Rogers.
You could say the same for pharrel. Its not whose playing but where it is. Bestival really doesnt compare to something like the arcadia set at glasto
I think that it is kinda rude to lead people on like that so much. Because then they get their hopes up a LOT, and then Daft Punk becomes the main focus of the whole concert, only to see that it's a "no-show". I wish people wouldn't do this stuff, but then again, you can't be super gullible either. We know how Daft Punk is very anonymous. They never do a pubic gig without the public knowing for SURE they will be there. 
It's pretty difficult to stop the rumours. The official Arcadia Twitter did announce that it was Chase & Status earlier but I still heard people whispering about "Daft Punk" even when they were on.
Fatboy Slim is a dick for doing what he did.
They do this to build up anticipation. Their shows are rare and the hype that gets spread around just makes the actual even so much more special. Its just making it all more wanted. 
DP said in an Australian radio interview (im Australian) that they're gonna start to conisder touring once all the hype and chaos of the new release dies down. Hang in their guys.
Not saying that the have no choice in doing whatever they want, but wouldn't it stand to reason to tour exactly when the hype is strong?
no cause then you weed out all the single fan boys that show up for the single and ruin the experience, steal the tickets from true fans..it drives me up the wall when i got a show and everyone's just kind of there until the known hit gets played and everyone finally starts having fun...only to go back to being dead on the inside. I'm all for people loving DP but make room for us who know more than "get lucky" and "harder better faster stronger (because of kanye)"
This post brought this video to mind: 
I was also at the Fatboy Slim secret set and was tricked into believing I had seen them also, I was going crazy. It was all a bit of a blur of excitement but apparently 'Guy' had taken their helmet off and revealed themselves to in fact be a girl..Everywhere you went you heard the words Daft Punk. I was unconvinced but wasn't going to miss the verrrry slight possibility of the rumours being true. The surge of people to Arcadia was insane and almost unbearable (fecking Chase and Status in the end...) Noah and the Whale did a cover of Digital Love, and the whole crowd sang Get Lucky along with Nile Rogers. It was ridiculous.
Why do people think that there will be these crazy surprises at festivals is just beyond me....You got your hopes built up for no reason based on nothing but rumors and are now disappointed your dreams didn't come true...come on...
Chemical Brothers played a secret gig at Glastonbury when I was there in 2010.  Also Sasha played a secret 2am set in 2010 aswell.  These things happen at Glastonbury
Didn't say it never happened...but to think it's going to happen and build up the hopes. Irrational. Completely irrational. 
I completely understand overhyping things, but you have to understand Glastonbury is a festival which has a reputation of insane secret sets, and slots allocated for such things.
Arcade Fire played at a small festival called Sappyfest the night before their big show opening for U2
Metric played in the theater Scott Pilgrim was shown early at comic con. One of the best nights if my life. 
 played a surprise set at Glastonbury only 3 years ago. 
But when two people come on dressed as DP what do you expect? You go on what you see and thats not irrational at all, as glasto is widely known for its secret sets. Especially when they put Arcadia as TBA, but then if you havent been to glasto its hard for you to understand what i mean without seeing if for yourself
You expect that Daft Punk will not show up. That's what you expect. .It's actually pretty incredible that some may consider Daft Punk not showing up at the event they were never supposed to show up at worth discussing. 
Thats what i expected untill i saw (what everyone thought to be) DP come and mix with Fatboy Slim. People wernt just joining the bandwagon for no reason..Thats what people were discussing, the fact that they had been sighted and again like i said, secret sets at glasto are a huge thing so that added to it seeing as Arcadia was TBA and its purely a dj set, so we knew it had to be someone who would mix. Seeing as Fatboy was already playing, people just presumed it was DP
People were shouting "daft punk" between other artists' songs?  Am I the only one thinking that's incredibly rude?
Yeah, people are assholes. I remember in the A State Of Trance 550 in London, everyone was chanting "Armin, Armin" when all the other guys are playing/between their sets, I was like WTF man!.To be fair, the ASOT events are often an "Armin" thing, but people chanting for Armin when Oakenfold was playing killed me inside.
people were shouting loads of things, this was when mumford said they were bringing on some 'special guests' anyway.
Coachella was the same way. Most of the crowd stayed after Phoenix and a lot of them started chanting Daft Punk after their set, which ended on time (which meant the headlining Saturday show had to end) and even the next day there were rumors of them headlining the dance tent after Eric Prydz because it was confirmed they were at least . for interviews/photoshoots (which they were)..But yeah, it's gotta be kinda shitty to be Phoenix, FatBoy Slim or any other band who's in a primary spot in any festival until Daft Punk actually starts playing shows. .EDIT: The rumor starter there was teh SNL ad playing on 3 stages at once. People saw it as a preview for a while. The rumor was . with this Coachella. Fuckin . the amount that people wanna see these guys. 
Im kind of glad that they're not touring while there's so much hype around them. A big part of what made seeing them at Lolla so epic was that I didn't expect it to be so mind-blowingly amazing.
There's no way people won't expect it now, though. 
Yeah Phoenix is more believable to bring Daft Punk up on stage then Mumford and Sons.
Still seems like it'd be sad, as members of Phoenix, headlining a huge stage, playing an AMAZING show, then having people sad that their more famous friends didn't show up. 
Fatboy Slim brought it on himself, and anyway everyone loved his set, so it was no real issue.
I wouldn't expect Daft Punk to play with Mumford and Sons.
tell that to the 17 year olds who dont understand genres
That would not be good.
Why would it not be good? I think that would be a killer combo.
No. It wouldn't. Not to burst your bubble.
Don't know until you hear it. 
This is a freaking awesome remix. Zero butchering, great rhymes, love it.
Can not even explain how many times I have enjoyed this remix. the sax melody is so seductive 
interesting concept but it's missing "our"
The lyrics are "Hour after hour, work is never over."
Wait seriously?
They're on the Discovery liner notes.
well i'll be. i always thought it was 'more than never hour after, our work is never over'.this makes much more sense
sucks. just some words from a song, different colors.
try again please.
Trying to read this like normal text makes my head hurt.
SPOILERS
in what way are those videos connected besides paul williams ?
LOL the only thing I would say to Tiesto is "UMAD Bro?"..Someone's jelly here!
Highest paid DJ? Great... Now, tell me, how rich would Daft Punk be if they cared about fame and money? Billionaires probably...
when i first heard tiesto's name i thought he was the brother of pitbull. 
Hilarious that this comes from Tiesto, Mr. Bland Generic EDM himself.
I mean it was the weakest song off the album in my opinion, but he doesn't have to hate them because everyone likes that song. It's a great song.
He's really critical. He acts like he's totally right... I mean jesus. He makes it sound like the new album is total shite to everyone in every way, and you're fake if you like it.  That really bothers me.  He's entitled to his own opinion, but can he please not make it seem like all the people who possess positive opinions about DP are doing it for the sake of image? Shallow, dude.
If Daft Punk toured half as much as Tiesto then he would be singing a different tune in this article. 
Can somebody copy/paste it? I can't access it :(
Often being around 20-somethings from college towns under the influence of one or two mind-altering drugs, I've been asked "Do you listen to Tiesto?" more times than a man should have to endure. So much so, the question itself has become somewhat of an inside joke between my friends and I..For me, listening to Daft Punk is an experience, with each album effecting me in a different, but positive way. Listening to Tiesto, on the other hand, gives me memories of the late nights I would muck-about in Fruity Loops (FL Studio) and entertain myself by stringing together pre-packaged "drum kits" and synth-hits..We get it, "EDM" community (I really hate that term); R.A.M. isn't Homework, Discovery, Human After All, or the electronic music you wanted so "EDM" could follow Daft Punk into the mainstream again. And yes, Daft Punk did make some passing comments about not liking the world they helped create. But maybe you should keep your bitterness to yourself, because it's not a good look. But it's not a good sound, either, so at least you're consistent.
The . Dutch superstar has some strong words for the helmeted-duo (but some kind ones for Giorgio Moroder)..In an interview with the Huffington Post, Tisto pulls no punches when the topic of Daft Punk and Random Access Memories is broached..It got so much attention because its so different and its an attitude album, he says. Its cool to like Daft Punk. Even if youre not into the song, as soon as you hear ['Get Lucky], you see all the cool people go, Oh yeah, this is cool, thats my song, and they dont really even enjoy it..Then the money quote: Im destroying them now Sorry Daft Punk. While he acknowledges that he enjoys the duos early material, hes been off the Daft Punk hype train for a while. The Tron soundtrack wasnt that great and this is not great, either, he says. But because its Daft Punk and theyre supposed to be cool and they had the amazing pyramid at Coachella a couple of years ago and the helmets  theyre fucking cool. But the music doesnt deliver on the hype so much..However, he had nicer things to say about Daft Punk collaborator Giorgio Moroder, who he described as a youth hero. Hes such a talented producer and to meet him, yeah, its one of those things, like, so cool. He comes to my show and he stayed the whole set actually; I played for three hours and he was there for three hours, he says. Hes in his seventies and still rocking strong. We did shots together and it was fun to hang out together. I was honoured that he came actually.
I noticed Tiesto makes sure to put his face on every album he produces. I guess he really is that full of himself. 
Well, I mean, it's not like the entire robot thing is not gimmicky as shit...But yes, Tiesto is a douche. 
Tiesto is actually the closest living relative to the cro-magnon man.
The robot thing is actually for that exact purpose: So that Guy/Thomas are not Daft Punk, the Robots are Daft Punk. They create an icon, which has far more power than a single person. Or as Wiki says
well, in some fantasy land, maybe "robots" are Daft Punk...but, it's Guy/Thomas, and this robot thing is completely out of hand. I mean, they were in Vogue...Really?!
It really does sound like jealously or something along those lines. Yes they are cool, cooler than you in my opinion. I am a young buck when it comes to my life in electronic music. I only got into it about 8 years ago. And it was Tiesto and ATB that started it for me. Sure, I had heard Daft Punk, Armin Van Buuren, Ferry Corsten, and a couple other big names, but For one reason or another I was hooked on what at the time was called trance (I know DP is not trance). I still do love it but my enjoyment of other electronic works have grown. And I really like Daft Punk's music. I liked them before I ever read or looked into them beyond listening to them. But yes, they are cool. Their coolness doesn't dictate their music, or vise versa though. Their good music does. They even said, they don't make music they think everyone will like, They make music they themselves like and would listen to. That's fucking cool among other things they do. I hear Tiesto sold out a while ago, to some even longer ago. And that selling out, but still not topping the charts anymore has seem to of lead him to being jealous. Or whatever you would call the statements in this article. He is not the bigger man, and I doubt Giorgio Moroder would throw back shots again after reading this. And like his opinion, this is just mine. .Daft Punk is cool. But not for the reasons Tiesto states, or mocks. They are humble in my opinion. They only want to create. If people like it, then cool. If not, they will not stop doing it. They don't want the spotlight, But since the spotlight wants them, they give us the robots. And fuck is that cool too. Most don't know what DP looks like. Everyone knows what Tiesto looks like. And no one cares. 
Thanks! Obviously attention hungry.
I've heard some of his songs (and like a few) never paid much attention to Tiesto. I thinks he was the top or in the top EDM djs at some point. but this made me lose some respect for him, sorry.
Regardless of what you think of this statement or his opinion... there's no way you guys haven't heard of him. He's the biggest name currently in EDM and is one of the most successful and influential electronic artists of the last decade. 
Well fuck you too.
Tiesto sounds jealous
he is not attention hungry u daft fuck fanboy.
actually he is 100x more famous than dp.
And i agree with him
You don't understand, its alright man, not everyone has the capacity to truly appreciate the latest masterpiece we've been handed. Doesn't mean you have to be a cock about it. And Tisto definitely IS NOT more famous than Daft Punk, . after the promotion of RAM. My grandparents know who Daft Punk is right now. If Ties to is upset by DP being able to generate hype ( wtf, that's seriously something to hold against them??) he should probably invest more into his own promotion. 

obvious troll is obvious
His most successful album sold 87,000 copies..RAM sold 339,000 in its first week in the US alone.
TL:DR Guy makes one "hit" song, criticizes Daft Punk and talks about how much better he is than them..Seriously, wasn't this the guy who took Carried Away, a good poppy song, and turned it into a awful David Ghetto-esque house song by using a small portion of the actual song?
Didn't like the Tron soundtrack?  Yeah, there's an opinion that I'm gonna listen to.
"I'm destroying them right now." Really? Last time I checked he only had one hit. Sure, he can have an opinion but they way he says these things makes him come of as an asshole.
he's the highest paid/booked dj out there. he's been making boring mainstream edm since the 90s
What hit? I honestly have never heard of Tiesto.
So, I don't like Tiesto, heavily dislike mainstream trance he plays, but how can you be somewhat into electronic music and not know who he is?!
i dont dislike Tiesto actually but i think the hit you guys say is "love comes again" that song is pretty good
Escape me... that's the one
That song sucks
It's all good. The people saying "Who's Tiesto?" weren't listening to electronic music in the early 2000s.
actually nobody was listening to electronic music in the early 2000s because it was mostly fucking garbage like Tiesto. Ed Banger, Daft Punk and a host of others popularized the new wave that Tiesto is currently dickriding.
did you just say that nobody was listening to electronic music in early 2000s? Are you kidding me?! Underworld? Orbital? 
Discovery even came out in 2001!
I mean, I just think that electronic music in the late 90s and early 2000s was the shit...It was coming from all angles...from bands that are not necessarily "electronic" such as faithless, prodigy, and bunch of trip hop bands to psytrance and everything else in between. It was good. 
i meant nobody as in it wasn't on the radar like it is today, where the MAJORITY of music sways towards 125-130BPM 4x4 type stuff, whether it's pop or "EDM", ya a little later you had that indie-dance esque wave like Ima Robot, The Killers, The Faint, Klaxons etc but to put it simply Tiesto wouldn't be booking the shows he is now without Pedro Winter.
He's probly thinking of 
He had a cool hit... Can't remember the name now... It was cool tho, I think.
Mockery is just another form of jealousy. 
We of course look at the Liam Gallagher interview.
I love the comment."I don't know who Tiesto is." - Busy P
but really..
can anyone here name one tiesto song? . . 
Sure what he's saying here is silly but I enjoy both him and Daft Punk. I must be a minority around here :X.Couple I enjoy listening to even today:
Uh..... Wasn't he on Tap Tap Revenge! 
Ironically the only song I have from him is called "Silence".
And that's a Delerium track, he just remixed it.
just looked for a tiesto subreddit.MODERATORS.O THE IRONY.
Im not laughing.  Tiesto can have his own opinion but he should not say things like this about other artists publicly.  Daft Punk is not taking shots at him just because they can.  He should let his career speak for itself
I love your effort to get upvoted
Ditto that.
Agree fully. Squabbling, albeit one-sided, at the top level is ugly. Tiesto isn't exactly wrong it's just his opinion. I'd really rather see Tiesto speak through his craft instead of in the press. 
But if he mentions Daft Punk, then people will read it, then people will Google him. This will lead to people buying his songs..It's all marketing smoke and mirrors. Bad marketing smoke and mirrors, but smoke and mirrors nonetheless. 
well now Daft Punk is on scene and gets recognized, you hear Get Lucky everywhere, maybe he just want to hold on to that fame by saying he is better 
If Daft Punk decided to take shots at him, he'd disappear from this Earth.
Wow, that mix was awesome, and the video they made to go along with it made it even cooler.
Awesome awesome
My favorite Dj's of all time!
I love that one!
I was expecting this, and now I'm pleased. Very.
for the uninitiated, 2manyDJs are fucking awesome. they make 
Wtf is this?
It takes on a whole new meaning if you pretend it's about your penis.."CAN YOU FEEEL IIITTT?!"
Upvote for making me lol
lmaooooooo
My brother's friend heard it for the first time and thought they were saying "Jude Law" over and over again. That's one way I like to listen to the beginning. 
During the "c'mon, c'mon" part of Lose Yourself to Dance I like to imagine GM & T stopped at a crosswalk in a vintage Ferrari waiting for an old lady to cross the street.
I applaud you, sir..You are one of the few people on this earth who don't think the song is about fucking penile length. .I fucking applaud you, have a medal. 
Bonus points for flatenning it out with DP stuff. Sweet poster. 
How could I get my hands on one of those mags?
What's here is a poster, Tower magazine with some stuff about DP, and some pamphlets showing DP's career 
any way I can get my hands on some of this in the US?
Japanese Daft Punk poster....Somehow this makes more sense than a . Daft Punk Poster
Man, if you love Daft Punk. It doesn't matter if youre 20 or if you're 90.
I reckon you should get the new pendulums tattooed one on each arm or whatever. 
Double and trip check yourself before you get a Daft Punk tattoo. That could be easily regrettable in 5-10 years from now. .Not sure if this is your first tattoo but as soon as the needle hits your skin, you're committed...keep that in mind.
As alot of people have said in this sub, don't get a DP tattoo, or really any music artist tattoos in general. Some guy on here a few days ago got the RAM logo, not only does it look like shit, is he really gonna look at that when he's 60 going this looks great. Peoples music taste change vastly through out the years. BTW that thread tore him a new one because of his tattoo.
If you love the music get whatever you wish to get. It's your body and you can do whatever you want to it, don't listen to these fucking idiots. The guy that got the RAM robot head on his arm had his tattoo come out pretty great. Not sure how you lose the love for music when you're older and will regret something, sounds like something an uptight cunt would say. Make sure to pick a nice design and get a great artist to the art comes out looking stellar. 
A triangle on your forearm. 
When it comes out the 18th, you can probably buy it.
As of right now, I don't believe it is purchasable in a downloadable format. 
Hmm, yeah it doesn't appear so. I have scavenged the interwebs up and down. I hate waiting! 
Where is this remix? Link please.
Try Spotify.
It's pretty thrown together in my opinion.
Say's its not available on Spotify for me anymore.  Hopefully this means there will be a proper way to get the song soon. 
Spotify does not have loseless quality (lol?)
He was just suggesting where you could listen to this. :-)
Maybe hdtracks.com will get it up soon!
Yeah I get this too unfortunately. Please tell me if you find a way to fix it but I'll keep trying aswell :)
Try clicking on the album art instead. It happened to me for a little but I clicked on the album to the right and it worked.
I have yet to hear the song due to Spotify issues.  I even made a Spotify account just for this song.  At first none of the play buttons on the stream page would do anything.  Like they were dead links.  Now it's not available anymore.  Really hope they don't use Spotify again moving forward.  
cool story bro, can i have some burgers please?
Thanks! You gonna want some fries and soda with that? 
If you are adding the electronics to the helmet like im doing i would recommend making them about 3/4 inch bigger than your head in each direction so you have room. You can always add padding later to make the fit more snug.
You need to start with a sort of squeletel outline. Something so that you can get a general shape so that you can start adding in foam and Bondo. I'd recomend doing something similar to what I did here with my Thomas helmet. . 
I believe I'm only going to add a 6 bulb tall strip of LEDs across the visor. I want it to look like . except with blue LED wire like the Alive 2007 helmet. Also not as thick as this one.
Then I would recommend only about 1/2 inch unlike mine where I'm adding all the lights in the discovery era helmet 
My first original plan before anything was to do the . but realizing it'd take 4 months and all that electronic trouble, I settled on a less time-expensive tier.
My plan straight away was to stay away from the slush casting technique that volpin used and to be the first person (than i know of and have seen on the internet) to make a guy man helmet out of a pre-existing helmet.
Do you know any electronics at all? If not, I recommend learning a lot of that before trying to tackle the helmet
I hate to burst your bubble but I believe . made his from a Boba Fett helmet.
Hmm, its kinda weird. Guy-Man mask is kinda yellow and black.
Also yours looks like kinda printed.
And they look small too.
i can see some shit on left one. why would you put some shit on guy-man mask? 
Do you not realize that these are 2D templates to make the mask? 
I think he is trying to make a joke
Nice, bu if you're looking for more Karma, submit it to r/pics.
This is the circlejerkiest post ever to be posted to ..
This just inspired me to go down to the river park tomorrow to listen to RAM on a bench, peacefully :)  Thanks for the idea/inspiration!
and? are you attention whore?
This is the type of post we need in here. Next person to hear it in an awesome setting, should definitely post a pic. :)
Can you just get off this fucking subreddit?.All you do is fucking complain and circlejerk about EVERYTHING.
did i ring your thingy?
cool
St. John's?
Doin' It Right!
Beyond is a perfect song for this setting.
I disagree. This is perfect for r/daftpunk. Little things like this is what makes Daft Punk so unique and respected and different from the stagnant billboard charters  DP have the ability to let the listener mold their music into personal experiences, feelings, -ahem- . while staying true to themselves and their music. This is what RAM is all about; what it was birthed from and exactly what they want to see from their fans. Busy P said that RAM was an indirect "fuck you" to shallow acts of the current EDM scene, thus you get a message, an almost pleading, of "give life back to the music" which you have done here. The message would be lost in transition to r/pics.
Especially at night, with his girl
Wish she had been there, it would have been absolutely perfect that way. 
Okay? . is that way
Oh cmon, this looks completely irrelevant.
To the people saying this is just a picture with little to no relevance to RAM, that is very true. The difference for me was that RAM blended perfectly with a beautiful, sunny afternoon and it was probably one of the most picturesque places that I could think to listen to the album in. .I got my inspiration to listen to RAM while kayaking from a similar post awhile back and I'm so glad I did it. Hopefully more people will be inspired by this post. If not, I'm sorry for the needless pic spam in your Daft Punk. 
I think its awesome. My dude and I went fishing and visited some lakes surrounded by forests for the first time and while we fished we chilled and listened to RAM a couple of times over and it was just so nice and relaxing. It made you really appreciate the day and the stuff that is around you. This just reminds me of it and its amazing that you feel similar to how I did :D
Daft Punk and Nature, a wonderful combination. I just got an inflatable 12' boat, looking forward to doing the same thing as you. 
Enjoy, it'll probably be a great time :) 
Yep, I was missing some of my friends when I started kayaking and was considering not even going just because it didn't feel worth it. Man am I glad I did, RAM made it a special experience that I'll be hard pressed to top in the future. 
I live in a big city so when I got some daft punk + nature it made me happy: . (my spot)
Wow! That looks really serene and nice :) enjoy your spot man
*pans out to see full picture with smoking supplies
post to . "my smoke spot today" 
I did see some high dudes jumping naked off a railroad bridge while I was kayaking, hardly relevant but just enough. 
There's another video like this one.

Whoever took the time to make this......
Oh god yes! 
Wish it was silver instead of purple
, I guess.
.....drool
Awesome!.Anyone got it in a higher res?
 is the highest res. google could find 
Thank you sir!
vsauce2?
Hell yeah. I was watching and all when he showed the iron man fusion thing I saw the daft punk one for a split second and decided it was the coolest thing I've seen in awhile!
Oh shut up, Tiesto. All you do is operate a glorified stereo, and your music's been shit since Kalidescope..You used to be cool, but now you're just another generic electro DJ.
This guys needs to get over himself.
I can remember when "Mademoiselle" said they were better than DP as they did not sample. I have one of their singles and never heard of them again.
The last line of the article made me burst out laughing..I'm surprised Tiesto is still relevant.  I thought he faded into obscurity years ago, but that's probably because I moved on from his kind of music when I was 17.
superiority complex.
I only have one Tiesto song and it's a remix of Muse's Resistance that was featured on the single. It's actually really good. :/
I'm sure they're quaking in their helmets...
i have second hand embarrassment right now.
I . tiesto is EDM? Think I heard one of his songs, meh.  Daft punk spans multiple genres and is good at multiple genres.  Yeah, tiesto is definitely destroying them, because he has chart topping and critically acclaimed songs? Rrriiiiiiggghhhthttt.
fuck dat guy
Says the man who doesn't produce his own music stuff
seriously? tiesto, who? good thing he recognizes he is not of same footing as daft punk. . tiesto is not.. how about they just collaborate instead, and make something brilliant in a couple of hours. 
What hes says of DP is what ive always thought of Tiesto. Has he been doing anything to push electronic music past its comfort zone? i just googled 'best tiesto song' and this was first on the list, 
.
this is new (2013) stuff
*the drop at 1:30 its fucking lame
*the drop at 2:30 sounds good but nothing new
*then goes back into that lame melody
*by the time it gets to 4:00 im fucking done
This just comes across like sour grapes. I get that the robots seem to be ubiquitous right now but FFS, you'd think he'd be happy about a fellow artist getting exposure for dance music in general. .Also Tiesto's music has sounded the same for the past couple of years, how about expanding your horizons?!
&&& The numbers are in... Tiesto you are incorrect, Daft Punk is crushing you.
IMO, liking Daft Punk in 2013 is not cool. What is cool must be saying that Homework is their best album and RAM is meh. I'm not saying that I prefer Homework to RAM (because I don't). I mean... I have this feeling that Get Lucky is kind of an instant classic, or at least is really pleasing to the ear. That's it. RAM might be federative and I guess some peoples could say "commercial" but who cares? It is federative and IMO damn good. It's a win-win.
Sounds like Tiesto has reached Deadmau5 douchebag levels.  Maybe he always has been, but fuck him.
Sounds like a cry for attention. 
I know I'm late on this, but I wasn't a daft punk fan until RAM came out, but that might just be because I love disco very very much.
Never really liked Tiesto to begin with.  Now?  Douche-level: 1000.
Tiesto needs to chill... Daft Punk releases a new style of EDM every album, where as he's been trying to find that freaken sunrise for years! Find it already and start making non-generic EDM!
that was sarcasm. Gallagher is known to be a prick.
In any case it is publicity for Tiesto cos I did not knew this guy.
Who the hell is Tiesto
Sounds like every other shitty electro-trance song on the market.
I think alive is one of the best albums. Homework had fantastic songs, but alive combines all of them into some seriously fantastic mixes.
They don't really do the edm thing. It was house during homework, electronic, then techno. Now the new word is edm
truth.more truth. maybe I should have simply upvoted
If he's right, he's right - and so are you!
upvote if you downvote
I thought the hivemind preferred Discovery?  (I'll be honest, I generally prefer Discovery).

The dog part got me.
Well, and Gallagher was very butthurt when RAM's first week of sales blew Oasis' record out of the water in England. So these two make a perfect pair. 
Be Here Now sold 600000 in its first week. I love Daft Punk but they are nowhere near as big as Oasis were in the UK.
Apologies, I had misheard the news when it came out - Be Here Now beat out Get Lucky, but only just. And Gallagher was quick to bash Get Lucky as a song he could write in a half hour. 
Tiesto has always been into himself for no particularly good reason. Don't act surprised that he would come out and say something like this, he knows that he is going to get publicity for bashing them. Its a win for him but a loss of fucks I have to give about him .
I'm disappointed with these comments. I loved Tiesto from 2004-2009. Still listen to that era of Tiesto all the time..To say "I'm destroying them now" is nonsense. Is this COS publication legit or are they known for taking quotes out of context?.Last time I checked Tiesto has 0 grammys and Daft Punk has 2, and probably will have at least 3 by this time next year. The best songs on Tiesto's club life albums are produced by other people; it's kind of silly to call these club life compilations "his albums" when half the the tracks aren't his. The tracks that are his on his upcoming club life compilation are TERRIBLE..I will say that I do agree that it's "cool to like daft punk" now. This subreddit grew over 300% between January and now. And to be honest the TRON soundtrack was meh imo. But I agree with another redditor that it is tasteless to just come out and say "that artist's album sucks" in an interview..There was a ton of hype (definitely too much) for this album but it DID NOT DISAPPOINT. Daft Punk is killing it with RAM in terms of sales and popularity. RAM is a gem, plain and simple.
I'll refrain from writing about how bad Tiestos music is - but seriously its pretty sad when one musician insults another. Maybe there's some kind of context we don't know about, but this seems like pure jealousy. They both have the same career paths yet he decides to talk crap about their music? So pompous, it seems to be common amongst a lot of big DJs actually - they seem to have the mindset that the more records they sell the better their music is. Go look at a real musician, not someone who operates a puffed up sound system, and see how much they respect other musicians and songs regardless of how many it sells. Of course there are many humble djs/producers as well.
It came off to me as jealousy, as he didn't particularly say anything constructive about Daft Punk or the album and instead just tried to make excuses about why RAM took off the way it did.
Everyone has the right to have an opinion. Mine is "fuck this guy", judging fans saying we are part of a hivemind. This album is great and I will enjoy it whether or not other people like it.
I liked tiesto's music in 2003, but I don't think he progressed and his music sounds very generic now. 
He's still looking for dat sunrise.
He IS the DJ EDM Daft Punk was talking about
just 1? there's plenty  "DJ EDMs" out there.but if I had to name 1, it's him or guetta
A lot of guettas tracks are pretty dynamic and sound completely different. From sexy bitch to titanium. But most of Tiestos songs are pretty static and sound like generic electronic music. 
I am a fan of some of Guettas work, under the money making pop music he does with other artists, he is a decent DJ with a great history in French electronica. 
Remember Tiesto and Guetta use ghost producers/ a team of producers. 
correct. they get people to do the work and they just slap their name and face on it. guetta has even been caught djing with only one cdj on. he was playing a pre mixed set. tiesto is lame and has always been lame in my book.
I do agree with him that liking Daft Punk seems to be the "cool" thing to do right now.. But in all seriousness, fuck him. 
I thought it was an awkward statement coming from him, I haven't seen many Daft Punk posers but Tiesto has got it bad.
[deleted]
Yeah, his first point was good, but it snowballed into "I'M SO MUCH BETTER THAN THEM! LOVE ME PLEASE"
Eh, still biased. My bf likes RAM, but he's not a real DP fan. Similar to how I like Paramore's new album, but I'm not a real Paramore fan. 
Damnit, ill try better next time
I really liked the way the two tracks were put together, but man it all felt like buildup and none of it really felt like DnB, I was expecting some nice soft breaks and a fast pace but it never really got there. Nice work though you have a good mind for mashing up the two tracks.
Thanks!.I agree that it could use some breaks and changes, I'll take your suggestions into consideration as I continue to work on this track. I'm still quite new at making electronic music.
I couldn't believe my ears when I heard it.
I think they redid the song with live instruments though
No, this was the only thing actually sampled in the album I believe
no
Ahh, wrong info, sorry guys and thanks for pointing out
how the heck did you find this man?
People pointed it out before the album released. There was an article on Pitchfork about it, too.
Yeah, they have already said that Contact was the only song on the album that was going to be sampled. 
thats fucking unreal, AWESOME find
the original song is . - thats why DJ Falcon is credited as co-author of that song.  im sure if bangalter had kept going with his label roule and had not almost lost his hearing this would have been a together track rather than daft punk.  those 2 rocked at sampling together - even eric prydz got his break from taking a song they remixed and releasing it - i like their version better: 
Didnt really read the credit properly, i thought they only sampled that NASA recording. Thomas almost lost his hearing?? never knew that, cool info tho :)
Whem they were touring as together bangalter stopped midtour. So only falcon did the chicago date and those after. Per wikipedia:It was reported that Bangalter had quit DJing in clubs due to developingtinnitusin 2002, saying "Ive given up because I want to protect my ears". Orde Meikle ofSlamlater stated that Bangalter had sufficiently recovered from the condition, stating that "he had a bit of a scare and thought hed damaged his ear and had to take obviously reasonably drastic steps to see how bad the damage was
That's just the sample of We Ride Tonight from the Sherbs. We knew this already. That sample isn't Contact
which issue is this?
Number 8, I believe
thanks
Np bro
They have said in an interview that they are currently experimenting with short video clips - hence the short ads, promos, and lack of any music videos for RAM. For that reason, I would think that another full movie is unlikely at the moment.
Well they were in New York working on a "secret project". This was said in an interview.
I think that the perfect Daft Punk movie for RAM would be a bit like the movie Across the Universe.
Daft Punk met with Brian De Palma who directed ., which starred Paul Williams (co-wrote Touch on RAM). Something has to be happening, whether they are getting advice or asking him to help. 
They also had a shooting without their sparkly suits.
I want to believe.
From Justice?
No... The movie that had music from The Beatles...
Oh, forgot. .Was thinking about the Justice documentary named after it, called A Cross the Universe. 
I was just discussing it with a friend the other day. I can especially see 'Touch' in my head already. I think the album would make an amazing love story set against the framework of music's evolution.
Daft Punk did the score for tron: Legacy. Tron: Legacy is a Disney movie. Disney bought the star wars rights from Lucas Arts. The next Daft Punk movie is Star Wars.
They'll be the droids we are looking for. 
star wars with ram..... hmm
This would be WAY to fantastic!
No. No it would not.
Why wouldn't it?
It really doesn't fit the setting and story of star wars. 
'Contact' will the theme song.
'Touch' will played as C-3PO almost gets laid but is reminded that he is a robot.
Half-Life 3 also confirmed
Battlefront 3 to come out the same year and since Sony owns Colombia, Daft Punk exclusive playable characters in the PS4 game.
Ultra doesn't have it anymore for them. It's the most expensive, fake, and sweaty music festival I've ever been to. Tickets for next year are already 500$. I don't expect them to realistically justify the price of those tickets. Daft punk is too good for that festival. Sorry for a bit of a rant
Daft Punk is too good for Ultra though...
That's some good-ass marketing on behalf of Ultra but Coachella probably has a better chance, realistically speaking. My reasoning is because Coachella Valley is closer in proximity to where they live, it caters more to DP as far as crowds go (most of Ultra's demographic didn't even like RAM very much), the Get Lucky teaser premiered there this year and Goldenvoice will definitely pay even more for them to perform again.

I also live in Florida. I would sooner travel across the country to see daft punk than go to ultra to see them. 
I hate to say it but this is just marketing for the crappy blog. The blog is riddled with fake or altered screenshots..Ultra won't announce a band list until later this year.
you're never too good to play music to people
Daft Punk will never die..Are you .!
Christ I wish these guys would just go on tour already so we didn't have to hear DP rumors for every single festival. 
I'm just saying, Daft Punk doesnt go with the music generally played at ultra. They even said so themselves, they dont exactly like todays EDM music. And Ultra is just that.
oh my god, you are fucken stupid. Ultra isnt EDM music u fkn idiot. do you even research before you post nigger? Ultra is record label dumb retard. i just want to eat you and throw up you little dipshit
But seriously though, are you a retard?
Guys, look here. This is perfect example of butthurted fan. 
First, he posts some shit to get upvotes, and when someone proves him wrong, he gonna start blaming. .But no, im not an retard. thank you.
You just made yourself look like a lil twat.
nice website, but you failed again
pwned
Let's just take a step back here to look at this in retrospect. 
1) You made a terrible attempt to insult me, in the most ignorant, racist and childish manner. What are you 13?
2) You haven't proven anything, at all. 
and 3) I didn't blame anyone, so I don't know what you're even talking about..I'm sorry that you're the way you are my friend. Hopefully someday you'll see past your stupidity. .Enjoy the music.
Yeah I can't agree with this. Probably not going to happen, especially since the promoters introduced it so earlier. Never believe any "tour dates" unless Daft Punk specifically state so on their website. A man can dream though, a man can dream.
Daft punk have eluded that touring may not happen till 2015. 
I also live in florida, I remember when that posted. I'm trying not to get to excited, you know how marketing people can be, but I really want this to be true.
It says that TB and GM were there.. But the pics it links to doesn't even look like them. Like at all
Game of Love and Within..To me, they lack any sort of distinguishable flow that makes me wanna listen. I understand they're not dance tracks so they won't flow as well but they're just rather....boring to me.
prime time of your life. the initial beat makes me legitimately uncomfortable esp. with headphones on.
I was going through my itunes looks at HAA because there are a lot of songs I did not like, but more some reason now I guess I've warmed up to them. I like them all now
Verdis Quo, I like it, but damn it needs some variety. 
I submitted a thread like this a month back or so, but "Rollin n' Scratching" is probably my least favorite. It takes me a very long time to get into, and seems like bunch of noises got thrown in together to make some sort of noise. It felt very....off for me. Oddly enough though, I really enjoy "Rock N' Roll" which is very similar. I guess it just sounds more composed to me.
"Within" is very emotional though, and leaves me feeling very strange. As for "Game of Love," I hated that one until I finally got to hear it on really really good headphones. Now it's one of my favorites.
emotion
Wow, can't believe all the hate "High Fidelity" is getting. I'd have to say almost any track of HAA - that album didn't do it for me as a Homework junkie.
Don't know if it's just me, but I simply can't stand 'Touch'. I enjoy the instrumental greatly, but the lyrics and voice of Paul Williams are unbearable for me. I think it's a real shame because possibly a re-working of lyrics and vocalist could make it into a great song :(
Prime time of your life. It picks up way too slowly and sounds broken in my opinion.
I haven't listened to much DP, but I honestly don't dislike any if their songs. I've listened to Human After All (I think that's the album's name) and RAM, and I love them both.
and lets not forget homework (if your into house music)
I love house music! I'll listen to that as well, thanks!
I really, really, really can't stand Technologic. The voice annoys me, (which is saying a lot because I adore the Radiohead song 'Pulk/Pull Revolving Doors) the song is too repetitive for my taste and you can't really listen to it in public or with friends without glares and stares. It seems like then trying to re-hash Harder Better Faster Stronger, but it's not as catchy, not as varied, and not as dancable..Actually, Doing it Right /had / the same issue. I love it now, but before i just hated it. Seemed out of place and too long. It is actually the only song where I think they could have placed it somewhere else on the album. Anyway, just an opinion.
One More Time. There is something about this song that makes me cringe when I hear it, something to do with the way the voice sounds, it's like nails on a chalkboard to me.
Around the World..It's not even a bad song or anything, but for years it was the only Daft Punk song I'd hear at the nightclub where I work, and it was the cue song for when the biggest douchbag DJ we had was to take the decks..For me it's the musical equivalent of the words "Jagerbomb and a Long Island, and make it strong!"
I don't dislike High Fidelity, but I can say it is my . favorite. In my opinion, it lacks something that marks it as High Fidelity. Almost every other song by Daft Punk could have a 2 second clip taken from it and I'd recognize it. For example, Around The World's catchy bass tune, Da Funk's high filtered synth lead, the chill drum beat in Something About Us, etc. If that happened with High Fidelity, chances are I'd take ages to recognize it or mix it up with something like Indo Silver Club.
"High Life." it's just boring, and it comes right after "Superheros" which has a very similar feel to it.
Heh, I actually love High Life because it feels so Hollywood and uppity; kinda fun for me. 
I don't care much for High Fidelity. The whole song is pretty forgettable in my opinion. The only thing that sticks out for me are the unintelligible lyrics and the sour notes from the saxophone. It's ok, but I often find myself skipping it in my listens through Homework.
But...but the Billy Joel samples...
It really is important to note that songs can sound very different based on what equipment is used to listen to them. I got RAM after upgrading my sound system, so I'll use Stevie Wonder as an example..Before I started getting into high-end audio I didn't really like Stevie Wonder's music at all, but now that I've got some really good gear his voice sounds absolutely magical..I'm sure if I had listened to something like Within or Game of Love before this and then afterwards my opinion would change :).Most consumer hi-fi gear these days can make the best of songs sound average at best.
See, like I think Touch and Instant Crush convey so much emotion and I will admit that Within is a very heavy song, maybe its just something I have to be in the mood for? Who knows!
I love this song.  But I understand where you're coming from. 
Face to face and Lose Yourself to Dance
"." from Homework.  I understand that it was one of DP's earlier tunes, so may have been 'groundbreaking' or 'revolutionary', but that incessant rising sound really jars with my ears and doesn't fit with the rest of the song. I think if they removed that one noise the song would be great.
I . Short Circuit. With a passion. I hate how it sounds, I hate the weird slowdown thing in the middle and I hate that Alive 07 mixed it with my very favorite of DP songs.
I can see how you feel that way about the first half of Short Circuit, but I absolutely LOVE the slowdown part. It's one of my favorite Daft Punk moments ever. I think it's even better in Alive,
You make a good point, I feel like I'm missing out since I don't have a decent pair of headphones. 
A tribute to the greatness that is Daft Punk: every single song that is offered up in this thread is followed by multiple people pointing out the virtues of the song in question.
Either High Life or Teachers. I can't even think of a proper reason why, but I honestly just don't like either of them.
The Brainwasher. The beat is good but when the creepy guy starts talking i always skip.
Doin' It Right. I don't know what I expected, though. I don't like a lot of "indie" sounding stuff like Animal Collective. I tried my best to like it, but I constantly skip it when I'm doing my RAM playthroughs..Pre-RAM, I would have to say High Fidelity. The beat comes in too late to save the song. The majority of it just sounds like noise to me.
Interesting.  It's probably my favorite track on RAM!.Try cranking it in your car, driving around on a warm summer night..Picture the happiness of people dancing, doing and feeling alright..The way Panda Bear comes in jumping from high to low, if you DO it RIGHT, let It go ALL NIGHT!.Plus.. the robot voices..Give it a chance!
Haha I don't doubt that it's plenty of fun for other people. But to me, Daft Punk is about the groove and the funky beats inject into their music, and this song is kind of... staid, I guess, in that respect. The beat is too minimalist. I do love the robot voices though!.That said, I sometimes find myself randomly singing the lyrics to myself, so I guess I don't hate the song entirely, haha. I just don't like listening to it..I do however enjoy Give Life Back to Music on a warm summer night, because it evokes all of the emotions you're talking about. Isn't that crazy?
Interesting, as Give Life Back to Music is probably tied with Doin It Right for my favorite on the album.  I have just never looked at Doin It Right as minimalist.  .When I first listened to RAM, this was one of the few songs I knew that I was going to love.  RAM sounded foreign and weird the first couple of playthroughs, but Doin It Right was always awesome..Opinions are opinions though, I'm glad you don't hate it!  The only song on this album I won't listen to is Touch, some seem to love.  Hmm.
Aerodynamic, because its unoriginal.
As much as I love DP, the entire song was taken from Sister's Sledge.  
Rollin' & Scratchin' off Homework - sounds like a bad 8-bit video game sound effect
Touch feat. Poul Williams. I appreciate that they're doing something different, but its just so weird. Its musical'ish and I don't much care for that. 
Interesting. My mom said she thought it could be on Broadway, except she loved it because of that (or at least I hope she did. The Broadway thing was all she said about it, but I know she loves Broadway.).
I REALLY like touch, it's perhaps my favourite song. I hate the ended though.
Interesting. The last 2:30 are my favorite part.  
That's the best part about it!
Teachers. I really like how experimental the first album was, but this song is almost nightmare - ish for me with its creepy harmonic vocals and the weird skipping drum beat. I don't know what it is, but I'll skip it every time it comes up. .Surprisingly though I like technologic, I guess it's just all in the execution. 
I loved technologic up until i saw the music video when i was little, it made me uncomfortable and now i have a hard time listening to the song. same with prime time of your life.
How little we're you when the video came out? It was only in 2006 wasn't it?
I think so, witch means i was 9.
AH MY GAWD i love teachers. that bass is just so . funky. I completely understand why people wouldn't enjoy though
I may have to go back and give it a few more listens then. But it's gonna take a lot of willpower...
It'd be a lot better if they'd done the vocals a different way.
Motherboard is the only song that i don't like that daft punk has made.
Edit: It seems bland and doesn't fit the album to me.
I enjoy motherboard but probably because I imagine this as a song for a scifi movie.  It takes me to one of those weird imaginative places that only this song can help me imagine.  If that makes sense.  
'Err we go.
Wow, never thought I would hear someone saying they dont like that track. Interesting reason too. I find it really awesome to listen to in complete darkness and alone. Cant get enough of that flute. .Edit: listen to it again, especially the drums. It seems like each instrument is trying to tell a different side to the same story. Beautiful!
Heh, all my friends that listen to daft punk don't like motherboard either, i actually haven't seen people say they like it. Also your description would be how i describe Touch :P
I don't know I just cant stand it, it is the only Daft Punk song I ever skip on all their albums.
It's kinda funny, because it's Guy-Manuel's favorite song on the album according to an interview. Still, I can see where you're coming from.
Same here, it's the only track on RAM I consistently skip when it comes up. Touch and Giorgio you kinda have to be in a mood for, but are still great. Motherboard is just kind of a mess. It sounds like a journey through an unmade waterbed.
Really it fits much better into a movie soundtrack or video game but I quite like it as just a calming song.  I can see why people dislike it though.
I personally love Motherboard :)
"Rock'n Roll". Homework is my favourite album, and I like every song on it except this one. The noise just becomes too 'grindy' after a while. I didn't like "Rollin' & Scratchin'" at first but I've warmed up to it I guess. 
Especially the Alive 1997 version of Rollin and Scratchin. That was hella awesome
Contact is one of my favorite DP tracks of all time but the incredible static like noise at the end ruins it a bit for me.
I prefer the end bit to what comes before, I find the chord progression and manic drumming (only the bit with the crash cymbal on every beat) slightly cringey and headachy. The end bit however is very intense and the end end bit is a great ending.
I like how the static adds towards the energy of the track about 2/3 of the way through, but the last minute or so of static just kinda felt unnecessary. That being said I agree with you in that Contact is one of my favorite songs by the duo. 
That's Thomas channeling his analog craziness. It reminds me of his work on the movie "Enter the Void". 
All music is musical'ish.
you mean to say you really have no idea of what I might mean when I say "musical'ish"? 
Yes, please specify what you mean by genre. You have words, use them..Edit: autocorrect 
It was pretty obvious. He was talking about musicals. Newsies, Rent, Oliver ya know? Broadway. The big stage. A play but with songs in it. 
I assumed he was talking about musical the ., not the ..  
Easy mistake to make m8. We're all friends.
Who is words?
[deleted]
Ha, I caught that too.
I didnt catch it, what was it
...I'm so sorry. I cannot remember.
...you almost convinced me I'm real

He means it sounds like it came out of a musical
Gotta go with one if the weird ones on HAA, like Steam Machine. 
Any particular reason why?
The "steam machine" voice is creepy, and irritating to my ears because its repeated so many times. I also think that it doesn't add anything to the record, since the sounds are so similar to the other songs around it. 
Steam Machine is one of my all time favorite songs. To be fair, though, it sounds very different on vinyl. (I know, that sounds pretentious) but seriously, the different components of the song are crisp and interesting, and work really well in that format..I can see why someone would not like the song in a passive situation or if listening to an mp3 through earbuds, but if you get a chance, listen to it on vinyl.
I love the erie steam voice! I feel like it really adds to the song especially since its in between the hiss of steam and a human voice!
The Alive 2007 mix saved it doe.
I actually love Steam Machine, but yeah HAA was kind of a mixed batch.
Listen to Discovery. Arguably their best album.
There's no argument there, man
I'll give it a listen later this afternoon, thanks!
I'd call it their best collection of songs, yeah, but RAM is the best ALBUM. To me it feels like RAM started with a story, and the progression is natural, whereas it feels like Discovery started with the songs, then they found a story to fit it.
You won't be disappointed!
'Fragments of Time'. After Discovery's 'Face to Face', for Todd Edwards to churn this out is a severe disappointment. I can see why people might like it, it's got a weird cheesy cowboy vibe to it, but it just doesn't fit the album at all. I KNOW Todd Edwards could have done better, even just doing some cut-ups on the vocals like he did with the chorus in 'Face to Face' might have saved this track..I liked a lot of tracks on RAM, but this and perhaps 'Within' just haven't sat well with me. I don't dislike 'Within' as much, and perhaps that track is one that's just going to have to grow on me for a bit.
The best wait of listening to ' Fragments of Time ' is actually going to LA, blasting it really loud and driving down Sunset Blvd. on a sunny day!
Edit: wait = way. Sorry I'm on mobile.
Absolutely, I hate that cheesy cowboy vibe you're talking about, ruins the entire song for me..Tod Edwards was so much better in Face to Face than in Fragments of time IMO.
+1, although personally I quite liked Fragments of Time and it's actually one of my picks of the album, your right Face to Face is a brilliant song and is much better..edit: fixed formatting
Not to be an asshole here, but you're going to get a lot of hate for not given a respectable "and why" part of your post.. There we go. 
Duly noted. :)
I have the same feelings about 'Within'. I see it's intended purpose on the album as a whole, the song that shifts the tone of the album from the different songs (as explained by Chilly Gonzales) also it's the "slow piano song" that a lot of albums have especially old school 70's albums. But I find the song boring and the vocoder noises are not Daft Punk's best work. They just sound really nasal and unflattering. Also, I feel like theres way too much vocoder on the album and this song was just unnecessary. I know that's their thing and all, but this album had so much more than usual. The song is overal cheesy and not a fan. Don't get me wrong though, I love Daft and I love the album, It is my second favorite of theirs after Discovery!
Night Vision. .The song lacked vision. 
Nah man, that was one of the best on Discovery. I agree they could have gone farther with it, but the fact that they made a 90 second ambient track is really cool.
Interesting, Night Vision is one of my favorite Daft Punk songs.. and at 1:44 I always feel like it ends too soon :(. I've actually cried to it before, it's just such a quiet song.
I like it a lot too! When it's 2 in the morning and I come home from hanging out with friends and I play it, it fits the mood so perfectly.
Everyone's got different opinions..There is no correct opinion. Some (including myself) liked the Get Lucky remix, whereas some didn't.
Did I say somewhere in my post that your opinion was wrong?
I don't understand the animosity toward the new remix. I actually love it. 
Love the chopped n changed chord progression and the spliced vocals towards the end of it
Not really. I probably put it in looking at the number of down votes..I'm weird sometimes.
I personally like it because it's relaxing, and is one of the very few DP songs that is.
From RAM: Touch feat. Paul Williams.
...what are this I don't even..I tried to keep an open mind towards it, but I just can't make myself like anything about it. It's just a bit too strange and out of place on the album for my liking..From their older stuff I'd have to say Rollin' & Scratching.
I find the repetitive scratching sample too irritating to get any enjoyment from the track, and I'm actually quite surprised so many people like it.
[deleted]
Music isn't "meant to be" anything. RAM, like Daft Punk's other albums, was an experiment, and an interesting one at that.
I have a theory that it's got a lot to do with where you're at in life... This song hit me really hard and it's easily my favourite off the album because I feel like I've adopted a bit of 'bitter old man' kind of thing with some shitty events over the last couple years. For me, this song is the bitter but nostalgic guy looking back on the amazing feelings around the start of a relationship. "You've given me too much to feel" breaks me every time. Honestly, if this is correct and your love-life is happy and healthy then I hope you never understand this song and remain free from the bitterness that has enveloped me. 
Not sure why people here get so down voted for their personal opinions. Its really not very fair.
Thank you! Doesn't really encourage people to get involved in this subreddit when all their posts get downvoted just because people don't agree.
All is good, this should be a welcoming community that expresses everyone's opinions. 
That's my favorite RAM song D:
Bloody awesome! :D
i can dig it! i have a justice tattoo on my wrist :)
so edgy
Definitely edgier than going in Reddit and writing "so edgy" 
Anybody else bothered by how crooked it is?
Everybody will be dancing
That's kinda awesome. Pics?
looks awesome man
lmao what the fuck have you done? Why is it so dark, or it will go brighter?
Cool, you like daft punk, but its srsly making a tattoo because of that?.i know i get down voted but i just have to say this
I don't agree with the anti-tattoo circlejerk that's going on below, but yeah... this tat looks like shit.
Sure it looks great this year but ask yourself that in 5 years, then 10 years, then when you're 50. People shouldn't be encouraging other peoples future regrets. 
What are you talking about man? Is he going to stop loving Daft Punk when he's 50? What is there to regret? The tat actually looks great. Shut up.
Hes going to stop liking them like he stopped liking Yu Gi Oh. One day he'll look back and wish he had taken that strangers advice. Ask his parents what they think of it, they'll tell you exactly what I have said. You're young, imagine how much you've matured in the past year, then 5 years. We have decades of experience, you have as much as 2. It may sound harsh, but think what I have said. BTW I'm not questioning the artistic quantity of the tattoo, I'm just saying they are currently a mainstream fad. Don't get me wrong, I like Daft Punk ever since I "Discovered" them in 2002.
Daft Punk has been around for 20 years, and to compare them to a children's card game from ten years ago is absolutely stupid. Daft Punk is the music for our generation, they combine the future of music with the soul and passion of music from the past. Daft Punk is not a mainstream fad; Justin Bieber and Lady Gaga are. I know that I will forever love Daft Punk, and it is music that I will grow old listening to. When I listen to their music (not just RAM) it is something that really makes me feel alive--it evokes true emotion. So before you go around claiming that this is just some fad, maybe you need to reconsider what a fad is. Led Zeppelin was a fad because they were/are mainstream, right? Same goes with The Beatles too, huh? You're a fucking moron. 
You seem to be really taking father jackal's comments to heart. Perhaps you have a couple tattoos that seem pretty neat now but will not be fun to parade around in 20+30 years..The truth is that tattoos like this are proven to be income reducers and make you stick out in a crowd in a bad way. Even daft punk fans will think it's "over the top". 
I don't have any tattoos, but I don't think it's fair to tell people that their tattoos are stupid if it's something that is meaningful to them. He got what he wanted and that's all that matters; it's his body, and nobody has the right to say he'll regret it. And my retort isn't really about the tattoo, it's about that moron claiming that daft punk is a mainstream fad. That is just ignorant and asinine to say. 
I'd actually love to parade this art piece through the years. Income reducer? I don't have to worry about that. I'm already a pilot candidate for the USAF. All I have to do is graduate college (one year left)
I think that should go without saying - but it doesn't. People are getting more reckless with these tattoos than ever before. Perhaps they believe Science will magically erase all of their mistakes..Never encourage anyone to do anything permanent to their body.
I can honestly say, that Daft Punk music is beyond music to me. I don't know if anyone else (although I'm sure if anyone does, its here) can understand that. They literally have become a part of my life, a day has yet to go by that I havent played ATLEAST one of their songs and "felt" the music.
If I were to ever get a tattoo, it would be devoted to them. Never regretted. 
It's art, man. This is my third tat; I know I won't regret it.
I take it; from your photo and you using the words "man" and "tat", you're young. Take it from someone with more life experience, don't get another tattoo until you're 25.
Hey man, his tat is a part of his own life experience.  It's not a tat of a dick, man.  It's keen gear; just chillax, man.
Atleast think about it.
You know theres a thing called "Laser Removal"...
You know it takes months of pain to do "it"...
It's his body. The first comment was fine, but since he made up his mind stop bugging him.
THANK YOU! Seriously, I've been waiting for new stuff for so long. 
This is so funny out of the entire album thats the only song I added to my favorites in spotify haha. The rest is ok, this was just the only standout for me. Might give it another listen though.
i saw them at bonnaroo a couple weeks ago. they were about 30 minutes late and just before they came out, i thought "is this worth the wait?". they came out just as i had that thought and opened with this. i was like 0.o "worth it.".
God damn I wish I had gone to Bonnaroo so badly. Watched almost the entire live stream.
Agreed. The rest of the album is passable but this song is an absolute standout. I like how they went for the over-the-top feel but I preferred their more natural sound, it was much more unique and enjoyable. I only listen to Ice on the Dune when I'm about to work out - I can listen to Walking On A Dream anytime. But god damn Old Flavours is awesome.
This sounds nothing like Discovery..
yes but seems like no one in this post cares about the titel anyway
Discovery or not these guys are awesome.
I was there too! Great set they played
I absolutely love the new album. At first not so much but when you listen to it again and again, it's really fantastic. And yes, my favorite tune is definitely Old Favours, the melody itself reminds me a lot of DP's Discovery era.
But you should listen to the live version in Sydney. The guitar is better in my opinion !
Respectfully disagree, I think the whole album is SOLID. Specifically DNA, Awakening and Old Falvours
I felt the exact same way.
the critics are destroying the album but I personally really like some of the songs, especially Disarmed,Celebrate&Awakening
I love this band so much
I saw them at virgin fest back in 2011. I must say, their shows are just plain out ridiculous, but awesome
I was there too, so incredible! I really hope they will get daft punk to headline when they tour again.
if you have never been, go! at least once. i love it there. i am willing to admit that it isn't for everyone even though i love it so much. the thing i don't like is that people don't give it a chance. give it a chance!
I was literally doing that exact same thing.
Great minds think alike.
Although I could easily rant about it being taken from somewhere else or just simply cropped, I like it either way. Upvote.
I removed all the texts tho.. I didn't know there were clean versions out there
You mean this picture from the article? 
compare them please, thankyou

Hello new iPhone wallpaper! :V
You welcome
original pic?
That is the original pic 
So it also had the ice cream?
OOH! I removed all the texts from the magazine image, I DIDN'T know there were clean photos! :O
what on earth are you on about? You made it sound like you actually made it, manipulated it, or at least did something that took skills. 
I only said I photoshopped it, it could be anything. chill out
Up all night to get frosty
You'll never get me. 
wow, photoshop skills, take some pic and post r/daftpunk? go fuck yourself faggot
compare the original to this one bitch, lol k
yours:
.original:
.wow, u can crop? wait, why the fuck you removed pocket from guy-man? lmao, photoshop skills, removing pockets
lol the original photo wasn't even out when I did the photoshop.I took it from here: . dumbass
so his photoshop skills consist of cropping existing pictures?
Here's the tracklist:
When I first heard this mix, I lost my MIND when I heard Da Funk come in. The Avalanches are amazing and them mixing Daft Punk makes them even better!
I definitely wasn't expecting that..Not to say that remix was bad or anything, I actually quite enjoyed it. However, due to the change of sound and pace that RAM brought compared to DP's other albums, I had in mind that they would stray away from that to create something different with the remix..I mean, they've done that with every single one of their albums. If you're defending RAM from older Daft Punk listeners, you'll defend the Get Lucky remix for the same reason:.It's different. 
Well, mainly I was expecting them to change the mood of the song a bit. Or maybe something more like what they've done with the Kanye songs they produced.
I thought they prominently changed the mood of the song more than anything, but I get what you mean. You're not alone, many wanted. A house remix, which is totally understandable. 
Not sure why you're getting downvotes. 
It has a totally different pace and vibe to it, but I seriously dig it. .Make more for my ears. 
Nice :)
Not OC.  
I build them some time ago. I got it from some french website. 
me too! i have my friends posted up infront of their vinyl
These would make great minecraft skins!
I built them my self and took the picture myself, therefore OC. 
you did not design them, and they have been posted before, literally days ago.  
yesyesyesyesyes
Fine, original submission. 
Here is the download if you want to make them your self!
This is exactly what I came to the comments for. Thanks, I'm gonna do a little bit of editing to the pictures though. Would you like me to share when I'm finished?
Of course!
It's never a good idea to browse the comments on a music video.
I can't disagree with guyman himself :p
No reason to get so upset about it. Many of these people are only just now hearing of the song and/or Daft Punk so the jokes seem new to them, where it seems old to us because we've tracked the song since it was released in little snippets. 
well it's like any other joke that's been rehashed over and over, a lot of the time people say it just because it's been said 100 times over, i see what you're saying about my reaction but i feel like it is getting old. Think of it like this, how many times have you groaned when you saw a "directions unclear, dick _______" joke, yet people still continue to make it as if it'll get so stale it's 'good' again?
This is great!

I don't have a printer right now so can anyone upload a picture of it all put together?
It's a French film called Fatal, which was released in 2010.
Most of Michal Youn work is parody..Even the name of the ceremony is "Music Awards of the Music" (well, in French it's "Music Awards de la Musique").In this film, he's most likely mocking the music industry. In fact, at the end of the film, Fatal basically claims that record labels, pop singers, and journalists are assholes. He then shouts "Is there any hope left?" to the crowd, expecting a "Yes!", but received a big "No!".
...What the fuck did I just watch?
I also want to know what I just watch. And I would like some subtitles for it too.
The movie is about Fatal, the man you see in red who is drinking. In the movie he is the most famous french rapper and wins every musical award until the man you see winning the award,well, win it. Then this man proceed to reveal that Fatal is from rural France and has a ridiculous name, destroying his street credibility and his rap career. 
Is it a comedy or what? 
A very stupid one
it's a tragedy
A clip of the French Film 
I hadn't noticed.  But now that you mention it... 
Which was released in 2010
...though the rest of the set from Nile is well worth a listen.
I love how the chorus becomes:.I'm up all night to get sun.She's up all night to get some.We're up all night to get some.We're up all night to get lucky
I was up all night (to get lucky) last night waiting for this to be broadcast on BBC 4. Well worth the wait. I would have loved to have been there!
youtube version
I was bang in the centre, about 10m from the front, and it was possibly the best act of the festival.
I watched it live on the website last night and it's great to see you can go back today and watch the whole thing again. Seriously worth a listen, just oozed funk!
Totally agree, it was a mistake getting those people up on stage though - seeing people taking pictures in the background with iPads didn't really go with the 70s fuckadelia vibe. 
I Feel bad for the rest of the band, as probably a good 40% of those people were in the crowd because nile did get lucky, and were hoping for it
I'm pretty sure they just ripped the audio from 
The guy who uploaded the video above claims that he did not create the song but some one called Cameron Adams did..On the site you're referring to there is a link called "Learn more about this mash up", if you click on it takes to . page called "the man in blue"..If you scroll down to the bottom there is a paragraph about the website it self, it says .So I wouldn't call it "ripped" being that the video gave credit to the original creator
So funny that Guy loves 'i'm blue' god that song is sooo cheezy
Gros LOL quand mme. J'aurais jamais os, de peur de leur briser les tympans, de choquer leurs oreilles d'artistes. Leur rponse est magique.
I need a soundbite of Guy-Man saying "I'm blue dagoudi dadouda". I need it. That will complete my life.
FYI guys, English captions are available in the YouTube player.
Quick Translation : .Interviewer : so let's if you're really human with a question from a young lady who is wokring with us and i guess it will be relevant.Interviewer Girl : Hello, my name is Graldine de Margerie and i'm columnist at DownTown. Do you know this song ? [Play Pulcino Pio French version].Interviewer Girl : So it's the song about the "Poussin Piou". Me, i prefret the italian version.El Pulcino Pio [Play Pulcino Pio].Interviewer Girl : So i really would like to know which version daft punk prefer ?.Interviewer : We ruined your day, we're sorry .Guy Man : No no, in fact i know many version of this song. I love this song.Thomas Bangalter : It's Guy Man who make me listen to it for the first time.He told me "You don't know the song of the chick ?".He made me listen.I prefet the Italian version.The voice have more chest, there's more matter, i guess they used diferent microphone to record the voice..Interview : and you guy-manuel, you know all the version ?.Guy Man : No, i don't know all of them, but i know some of them. It's true that i really like that type of stuff, like i'm blue some years ago or Pinocio, italian song (talk to thomas)- and there's a song that was made in romania, i don't remember the name.Thomas Bangalter : Ozone ?.Guy Man : Ozone !.Interview : Modalzia..Guy Man : Voila. I really love those type of stuff..Thomas Bangalter: and it was remade by Rihanna by the way.Guy Man : Yep, Rihana did a successful song after that.
This is awesome. Diggin the white. 
Nice! Anyone start to compile favourite remixes yet? I would appreciate if you shared, start tagging them with this album cover :)
I vote .!
Make the background black.
Fine, ..  DP albums do always have black backgrounds.
Thats better. Well in my eyes.
Yeah I agree, white seems less classy now.
Great job!
Illustrator?
Photoshop, I'm no good with Illustrator. Thanks!
I'm not a big fan of the white background. Really, the whole thing looks 10x better 
Want a tip? You can use wall papers for either iPhones or Android devices. It doesn't matter. It's just an image, after all.
for my phone it isnt :( it has some fucked up wallpapers..it usses one wallpaper for 6 screens if you understand me...so i need one big streched 
I've been using . that I made from a combination of . . . (each word is a separate link). It's meant for devices with 720x1280 screens, but I could probably make some different resolutions.
nice work you got there...Did u tryed to make some new with new daft punk photos like these : .I'm in love on this one : 
I can dig it.
The connection had to be made eventually.
these wallpapers are sweet, I just wish they were higher res :/
I wonder why he went with red and blue instead of gold and silver?
Can someone make me happy and do a wallpaper with both of them  ?
If someone directs me to the Guy-Manuel one I'd be down to throw together a couple options.

in the background there's a Roland TB-303, but does Daft Punk even use that?
yes they do, listen to Da Funk :)
Oh my bad thanks :)
no problem :)
Also, the Tron end credits sound like a 303
That album is amazing.
Nice, thank you. I'll be reporting back shortly.
Can anyone make a wallpaper with the two images back to back so that a Triangle/Pyramid forms in the centre at the bottom?
I found this on geek art but it was mirrored and was red
Do I have to go to his exhibit to get prints? I saw he posted this on his Tumblr with what appears to be a stack of prints, but there's no other info on them.
No, ell if you're lucky enough he's selling the prints on the website 
do you have a higher resolution of both images?
Does anybody have the Thomas one that doesnt have the weird white outline when i save it? It's a little weird when setting it for my iPhone background.

What he means is without the white outline. Without the guy-Manuel background would be great too. 
Do you also have the Guy one without the white?

Much appreciated!
This is the only thing that I can see from these pics now...
Do you have a link to the Guy-Manuel artwork?

[deleted]
Can I get a higher res version?
;D

Here's what I made. 
Not my best work but I gave it a try :)
Ok that is pretty darn cool.  
But now the background words are backwards :(.How about the same thing with them "sloped" outward?
Oh I see that now! Had to flip the images or else I had to flip the helmet instead and that would look quite weird
A 
there is a hidden pyramid :D
Thanks for saving me the trouble!
Tried . :)
Does it come in 1080P?.Would love to make a wall sized poster...
Here's an album of two versions I put together quickly. Let me know what you think..I can't find any high resolution versions so I did the best I could do.
Oh yeah these are great.. thanks a bunch !
Could you swap them so they're facing away from each other?
Someone else did it already
yeah, but the aspect ratio is way different :(
I want a T-shirt of the bottom image!
I want a basketball headband.
This is my take on it: 
Anybody have an ipad version?
Thank you is all i have to say to you. Thank you.
I attempted to make a 1080p wallpaper out of this. It's not great, and has a bunch of artifacts, but here it is if anyone wants:

Nice! Only thing that bugs me is that on the left there's a 808 in the front and back and on the right a 909 in the front and a 303&606 in the back...
Nice but I wonder why he went with blue and red rather than gold and silver
You are welcome sir.
And I .Thank the actual artist as well 

What's that gif from
I was going to send a youtube clip that I've had for the longest time that had a clip of them doing it in some hobbunk documentary. Give me time and I'll try to find the source again
Pretty sure it was from the 
Sir you are correct.  I apparently forgot all about that video, at least thst you actually see Thomas and Guy.
Link to the originals?
love how it emulates a pyramid. stealing this for my phone. :)
Hmm.. someone could add the actual pyramid from Alive in the black/negative space.  Anyone?
It's awesome. 
I was actually going to do this originally but I made this on paint so I'm not that advanced
Guy-man makes the perfect lock screen because the points the directions you're supposed to swipe. 
On your specific phone maybe...
Or the dude I responded to...
All he said was he was using it as a wallpaper...how did you get the direction his lock screen swiped from that sentence?
Coulda sworn he said iPhone. This was my mistake. Was suggesting guy man as key screen, which works best for iPhones because the direction it goes. Well, if you got an iPhone... Well you know. 
Threw it together real quick.

That isn't the full version buckaroo.
Yes it is : he's at 2:42 and the track has 7:50 more.
Oh. Not familiar with iOS. Rarely see music players that do that. 
I never had an iPhone and I never see music players that do that too. Apple's logic...
Tap it, app it, break it, chuck it ..Applelogic
What? To show how much you've played and how much is left? .Is it really that confusing?
i prefer it a ton.  i really dont like doing the simple math to figure out how much is left.  Just fucking show it to me
I like it when both are shown, but not when JUST the time left is shown.
Cool story.
At first, I really didn't like it. Thought it sounded too much like the original but more amateurish...but now, after listening to it a few times, its starting to grow on me.
Exactly what happened to me as well.
iOs 7?
You can download iOs 7 if you get a code to become a developer for apple. normally they cost $100 a year but you can get them for $10
Don't do it.  It's for developers to test their apps.  There is a lot of risk.  Unless you're going to help report bugs, don't do it.  It would be like listening to RAM before Daft Punk finished it.  It would ruin the experience when it's finally released.
Yeah the developers version is pretty risky and if your phone gets fucked you can't have it fixed by the apple people... 
I'm a dev with an official acc (not the shady UDID workaround). What exactly do you mean by .? I'm using the new iOS right now to get a feel for it (integrate the new design theory into my upcoming app) and to test how things work in the new environment. I can't think of any risks apart from phone bricking if you did the unofficial workaround. I'm quite sure that apple would have to do something if you are a dev and the thing killed your phone.
you can get the developer status for $10?!?!
That's not true, you can always revert back to iOS 6 if anything happens.
that an ios sucks
It's some shady deal you can get. I don't know how to get it. I do not condone it. Do whatever you please with it.
i try to do things legally and as unshady as possible... so i'll pass lol
yes you can.  they dont fix your phone anyway they just swap it for a new one.  My vibration broke and I took it in and the swapped it for another one with no hesitation
Is there an official download?
Is that iOS7? Or is it an Android skin?
iOS 7.
Lol same.

Hmm. Your wallpaper seems familiar...
so in iOS 7, the music plays over your wallpaper?????.nice :)
No that's actually just the lock screen. 
well the lock screen has a wallpaper right? lol.im excited for iOS 7...hopefully when it's released in the fall all the bugs are fixed... i know it's in beta 2 and my buddy says there are still a lot of issues
Yup, like how my status bar stays on no matter what I'm doing, I'll be watching a video and it stays on the side. But they'll fix it in beta 3. I know they have to, it's that big of a problem. Haha
i hope they fix the notification area... like the notification comes on the top of the screen and it will cover some buttons that are in the app im currently in (Instagram & Words With Friends are two that are very irritating... just have the notifications appear in the status bar
Is that a beta of iOS 7?
Yes.
Lucky you.
linkplz
Ummm, I'm kinda... not a fan of it...  Not because it wasn't electronic enough but because the Pharell vocals sounded like they were just kinda thrown in random places..I'm not saying everyone should share my opinion but I was disappointed.
Or the 
This is the most chillout version I've come across.
.
Daft Punk - Random Access Memories (Vanderway Edit)
Personally, I think it's good.
Wow. This is what I hoped the actual Daft Punk remix would sound like..Not that I didn't like that, but holy shit this is great.
Yuppp; I just spent almost 10 minutes of my goddamn time listening to that stupid remix oh sweet god that was great!
The Obenhaus remix is still my favorite... The rest of his EP is pretty great too,  especially "I Can't Stop". 
I need some big dirty bass remix. Dancefloor smasher.
That last chorus is . cool
I enjoy this a lot. thanks OP
This is great, but still lacking a bit of oomph IMO...
I love RAM to bits but I so wished the remix would be a dancefloor banger
Definitely the best remix to date. Too funky for its own good.
The tempo change at the end is pure funk.
Ugh, it's so good. SHould've turned up the bass and added a bit more low end to it and that bass would've been funky as shit and just down right ..
The cords in the background are so similar to DP's official remix, it isn't funny. .Not too bad though, Get Lucky is a hard song to remix. 
This one popped up in my Soundcloud stream.. loving it!
Robots don't read handwritten notes. Maybe in the next upgrade.
Daft Arts, Inc..Film, Commercial and Music Production Company.Thomas Bangalter, President.Paul Hahn, Executive Producer.1416 N. La Brea Avenue.Los Angeles, CA 90028.(323) 802-1510 phone.(323) 802-1511 fax.Email: .Web Site: .You didn't get this from me... and I still have yet to figure out why the music video for Jay Reatard - "It Ain't Gonna Save Me" is on the homepage. I called them up and a girl answered after 1 ring but I was too chicken to ask if we could send fan mail there.
You probably can't send one directly to them or Daft Life ltd, but you might be able to send one to Columbia
One doesn't.
Try sending it to santa...
You can try this... hah 
Best bet is probably sendimg to Columbia Records, ATTN: Daft Punk, but odds are still slim they ever see it.
haha, I wouldn't bother. Streetview shows that as a couple galleries next to a pawn shop and a Jiffy Lube.
I heard that if you write "D. Punk" on an envelope and leave it on the doorstep of an IBM office, nothing will happen and they won't get your letter.
AHHH Guy-Man talks so much in this one. He's usually so damn quiet. 
As a musician should.
Wow what a great interview! I loved what Guy-Manuel brought to play! 
People have criticized them for this, saying that RAM seemed very self-indulgent, but personally I think they're absolutely right to be like that. If they didn't do what they wanted, and just catered to fans, making the music fans expect, we'd have 4 albums that all sound like Discovery. Instead, they've kept trying new things, making the music they want to make, and we've ended up with 4 diverse albums, all unique and brilliant in their own way.
I don't see anything wrong with Self-indulgent.  If an artist isn't making what they wanna make, what's the point?.If a band or group I like makes something I don't like, I just... don't listen to that, and I'm fine with that. My mind is blown that people are criticizing artists for doing the art they wanna do.
This is what makes Daft Punk a great group. They're not afraid to try out new things at the risk of disapproval by fans. You can't expect an artist to sound the same forever, it'll be stale
I want one so bad. Please tell me you didn't make it yourself, because I will NEVER get round to doing that :(.Link if you purchased please :)
I just went to a local art supplies shop; they have a machine that makes stickers. I would love to buy an official sticker, still haven't found one anywhere online though..
shoulda got the clear one and had the robots light up with the apple logo 
If I ever call my laptop "Lappy" please kill me. Sick sticker, though.
Needs more lens flare.
anyone got a 1920x1080 version ?
I kinda prefer the moon party in the background. 
nvm made it myself 
Yeah, right now I like FF a lot more than the main book.
Same here. Reed Richards has become too Reed Richards in the main book. I also like the lightheartedness FF has in several frames. Goes well with the artwork. 
What issue?!
Issue 8. Came out on Wednesday.
Human after all?
FF is one of my favorite Marvel titles right now, though I can't help but think the joke failed a little bit because of the constant DOOM-isms and clicking.
The clicking was distracting.
I agree, thats why it took me a while to realize what they were talking about, but I was quite glad I read it twice and got it the second time.
I love knowing Daft Punk is canon in the Marvel Universe. 
pretty much everything is cannon in the marvel universe, even DC exists as one of the main comic book publishers
I've never seen them actually call it out, but they'll also attribute a lot of Marvel's publishing practices to "some sleazebag comic book company"
I just LOVE that intro. It reminds me of the first time I heard the full Get Lucky intro on the collaborator videos.
I actually liked the remix... The first listen it felt a little rough, I really wasn't used to listening to Get Lucky that way, specially the robot voices so early. But I kinda got used to it and it sounds pretty damn cool. I feel like its more a nightclubish edition mostly, I've really come to like it. 
I like it, this is the kind of remix Giorgio Moroder would do to his own work, making an extended version..Daft Punk are just in keeping with their pre MTV timeframe, this is what remixes were back then.
When artists redo songs that they are known for, they know that the original will still stand on it's own, and so it doesn't HAVE to be like the original... Take revolution, and revolution #1 by the Beatles, same lyrics, different message, different feeling.  That is what I hope to get on an even more pro scale, from DP, as they are known for their mixing abilities..I look forward to the whole album.
To me it sounds like this "remix" was made before the actual album cut. It's much longer, much less polished, and has a much more experimental vibe (as opposed to the album cut). Could it be that they first got all the sounds they wanted for this song into one track (with the vocals in a bunch of different places), and THEN cut the record and radio edits? The more I listen to this remix, the more I think this as true. 
The intro is one of my favorite parts, for sure. The reworked bell sound is sooo coool.
I liked it. I think of it more as an extended mix with a lot of variations on a theme and some cool studio outtakes thrown in, rather than a remix, though. 
[deleted]
They already have torrents on The Pirate Bay if you would like to download it there.
The part when the song says get lucky
It's a good bit
It's not a remix. Nor a mix. It's an edit.
To recombine (audio tracks or channels from a recording) to produce a new or modified audio recording..It's a remix.
The process of making a larger, shorter or modified song using the same samples, vocals etc WITHOUT adding a significant change in the song or structure of the track, is a edit. Not a remix.
except there were significant elements added including new synth parts, chords and bells. even so fuck trying to define what it is and what it isn't. it's cool if it's not your jam but don't try and take it out on the artists
Let me get this straight, you are correcting Daft Punk?
Just think of the word RE-MIX. Even a simple chop and rearranging of the track would be a RE-MIX. Can remixes go beyond that? Yes, and they often do. A simple remix is still a remix. 
LOL hell no! But i find this kind of missinformation very common in the whole discographic industry. Almost every musician nowadays use this terms indistinctly, and it is not correct. I have spoken ;)
That is a huge generalisation, and an incorrect one at that.
I won't downvote you for your opinion, however, just to be clear, when he/she asks if you are correcting Daft Punk and you say "LOL hell no", but then go on to say they are not correct in calling it a remix, you ARE correcting them.
I Didnt mind it, there were a few missed parts though. Parts that i thought were going in one direction but instead went in another slightly disappointing direction 
I like it. I could hear it more often if Spotify was available in more places, but I really dig how they managed to remix Pharrel's bit and make it work. Plus, any more Daft Punk is good Daft Punk. :)
Pharrell's " lucky lucky lucky lucky lucky lucky, to get lucky". Also, the bell tone. Oh, and the warm synth/ arpeggio sound. 
It sounds like what would happen if Daft Punk improvised with Ableton on a Get Lucky set.
Exactly, and by the time it's being performed live I don't think it'll sound as rushed and rough.
The piano. The repetitive lucky part. 
See, I started liking the remix this morning, but hated and trash-talked it all day yesterday. It still makes ME want to make a remix (and I will), but it's the way I was thinking about it. .I really like it in the context of it being played at the end of a set after Get Lucky proper has been played much earlier. .I like it as ., but still not so much as a remix. In that context this is fantastic. .Although I really wanted more of that "get funky" part at the beginning of the robot breakdown. Wish they'd loop that a bunch of times. The SNL/Coachella ad made me attach to that thing like a young hedgehog to its mother. 
I absolutely agree with you on growing attached to the "FUNKY!" bit. I miss it and wish it had a bigger part of both songs.
It sounds more like an extended mix than a real remix,  which is great and provides great material for the live!
oh god yes. why was that "funky" vocoder bit only played ONCE! i just don't understand. I can understand in the album version because the build up is so nice to the robot part, but in this remix, "I NEED SOMETHING MORE".I really really wanted them to chop it up something akin to "MAKE IT, MAKE IT, FUNKY GURRRRRRL"
I really like it. It is a Daft Punk Remix.  I dont see why people think they would take the song in a different direction.  It is their take on a song they already put together.  I think the piano and the low chord makes it a darker version of original.  I will listen to it at different times
that was cool with the videos and the sun and  the moon, and even in the remix they kind of reversed/mirror the chord progression. that's dope. even the lyrics talking about the Phoenix, and the earth spinning, its all connected and it just shows how much thought they put into everything they do. I wouldn't be surprised if they had this in mind long before the album was released
Darker.  The end with the piano chord, cant put my finger on it but it gives me a dark church vibe.  Like a movie building to the final scene, but not happy.  Darker.
But like you I am liking it more plus it helps that BPM on Sirius has been playing it on my way home for the past two afternoons.  I like it better than I did the first time I heard it.
BPM plays this song? All I ever see when I scroll over their channel name is #electroswag3jesus @DrDroppa #electronyc.At least, I think that is usually all their channel says... that could be a different channel.
Yeah I heard it two afternoons in a row since Wednesday.  It has played around 5 p.m central time.  The first time I heard it was halfway thru but  I could tell it was the remix, yesterday I was able to hear the entire song.  .About 2 weeks ago on a Friday afternoon, same time, the dj interviewed  both Thomas and Guy-Man for an hour and played old and new Daft Punk during the breaks.  He asked if they really where in NYC and they both said that they were there but would not say what they were shooting for.
Yeah it kinda makes sense the darker feeling when you watch the Promo video with everyone dancing in the moon. I think it contrasts with the feeling of the original Get Lucky
That's like asking which child you save in a fire..Simple answer, you take both..Both will bring you happiness.
Don't be a bloody fool, get both!
Definitely get Discovery.
As an introduction to Daft Punk, I'd get Discovery. It's just such a magical, emotionally filled album. It's so good you'll probably decide to buy RAM too, which is also a wonderful album. 
Why not both? :) Haha but I guess if you HAD to make a choice I would say Discovery. It's one of their classic albums.
GODDAMMIT WHY DO I HAVE TO CHOOSE? 
Discovery for sure!
Get Discovery.

They are the two DP albums I own physically (actual CD). . how much I love them
Get Spotify Premium and use that on your phone. Much better service.
Discovery if you can only get one though.
Discovery
Both
Get them all! 
discovery
Both.
Buy one, torrent the other and buy it when you can.
Discovery IMO, but they're both very different so it's all about what you like the most.
RAM :)
Incomparable. They're practically opposite ends of the spectrum.
Discovery.
Discography. Nuff said.
Hard to say..The average song off RAM was better than the average off Discovery, but Discovery's hits were much better than RAM's hits.
I'm just feelin'.Celebration tonight

Get both, they're both probably my favorite albums of all time! The two albums are surprisingly mostly different from each other, so listening to one wont necessarily tell you if you will for sure like the other one.  But if I had to choose i would have to say, Discovery is just a masterpiece.
I couldn't agree more with everything said here. .Take it one step further though: get Discovery, and really wear that album out. Then, go watch Interstella 5555. It completely changed my outlook on the album, and blows my mind every time I watch it to this day.
I'm not going to down vote just because I disagree but as much as I love I5555 it tainted Discovery for me. Just saying.
What do you think it was that tainted it for you?
Be 20 on vacation with the lads in Spain. Be the Summer of 2000. Have the best time of your life with the track OMT being this unheard anthem of the summer burning up the dance floor. Be home and wait for release of Discovery. Finally drops almost a year later. That feel that it was yours before everyone else's. Hear album, WOW. Become DP-Evangelist. Immersed in album, hear songs everywhere get new feels..See, my gripe is that the music from Discovery becomes static/2d/linear when in the i5555 format.  Someone else's vision and colors are in my mind when I hear songs from the Discovery album now- key scenes come to mind when I hear parts of songs. .To be honest it's a mishmash neo-noir of The Smurfs/SpiceWorld/Ulysses 31.  It's really hard for some to believe that the album came first and was not written with the toon in mind..Stayin Alive, Stuck in the middle with you......
Try dancing to those without giggling and ask yourself why you're doing just that. 
If you want I'll buy the second one for you and ship it to you, no joke. You need to have the pleasure of listening to both of them.
im upvoting this I hope he sees it 
...are you serious?
who cares what anyone post? its reddit, dont like it dont read it
AM I THE ONLY ONE AROUND HERE THAT CARES ABOUT THE GODDAMN RULES
I guess the rules are broken so often, nothing but non-daft punk related items on here. . get over it
I like it. Can you make a version that doesn't cut as sharply into the robot-voice? I wish Daft Punk had at least made a minor transition.
so i made a radio edit of the remix!
Yes, love it! You need to make more!
Holy hell this is amazing! Really glad I decided to check daft reddit today
Just pressed play... can already tell its gonna be a good time. :)
I know people usually downvote stuff like this because it has little to do with Daft Punk, but you GOTTA listen to this! Funky as HELLLLL!!!!
BUMP!
A friend and I made this more than 2 years ago in Austin over a span of three weeks. Put ALOT of effort into it, and I personally believe it has stood the test of time quite well. We've gotten messages from DJs in UK, Australia, and even France saying they play this during their sets..Contains a "WORK IT!" easter egg, "Digital Love," and my favorite Chilly Gonzales track. Please check it out! Download it! Tell me what you think!
hell yeah, GBA4iOS is the shit
I've been using this from the Re-Discovery mix as my background for sometime. :) 
 .Yours looks like utter poop
Mine isn't jailbroken so it doesn't have a theme. This is about the wallpapers.
Cool, you have two pictures that have been posted a million times, just this time behind some icons.
The third is the original image I used. I used the built in scale and re-position options to make the wallpapers.
fuck buzzfeed 
Holy fuck, the reasons are what Kanye wanted for this album. The album is 808s on steroids and goes crazy with raw emotion. He didn't want hit singles for this album, he was pretty private about this album, and why would the album leaking 4 days before actual release be a valid point? This list is all personal opinion but that's how Buzzfeed works for their views.
at the end of the day Daft Punk produced a lot of Yeezus too so i doubt they care if they outsell their freind Kanye
I think the most obvious reason is the worldwide perception and reception of Daft Punk will always be warmer than that of Kanye.  RAM was the number one album on the planet earth; literally every large nation where those sorts of statistics are recorded reported that RAM was the #1 selling album..While I don't have empirical data to back me up, I'd venture to assume that your average diverse music fan has more interest in DP than West.  Also, Yeezus leaked 4 days in advance.

I don't understand why these two are even being compared, even if Daft Punk helped produce the album. They seem like apples and oranges to me. Does there really need to be some kind of drawn out explanation of why one sold over the other?
What a bunch of faff. Should have reason 6, people just liked RAM more. It reads like a list of excuses for why Yeezus is still better even though it sold less.
Answer: page views.
I feel like this is a terrible list. I don't think most of those things mattered to Kanye fans. But they left off the most important thing of all: It just wasnt that good.
Daft Punk won't read this.

One can hope and dream.
And we start a circle jerk
PS. Make the next remix a bit better
almost all of DP's remixes are much closer to edits than actual remixes, and when looking at it like that it's a pretty good song, though a bit long
I think the remix is better layered than the original, but TOO LONG... DJ Falcon claimed it's supposed to be seen as bonus material, it's a kind of an extended mix, don't know why it's called 'remix', tho
In my opinion what has changed or...evolved over the years was the definition of remix. Don't let the expectation of a "Discovery" sounding remix sour the end result. When people remix other peoples music they make it sound like more of their own music, I'm a little relieved that it wasn't more discovery sounding. To me, it sounds like the remix was the original mix. Where they had fun with the track. The radio edit was clearly designed for the consumer. The CD was designed for the fan. Getting back to the remix, that was how they like it. Again this is all just my subjective POV.
It doesn't have to sound like Discovery to be good.
You're right! My point exactly! I was just mentioning how something Discovery-like was widely desired.
That's not your attempt.

different part
It was a valiant attempt at PrntScrning.
Not only, no!:)
Arg! Sorry, i didn't see that somebody already did it.
Well, sorry for assuming you just stole it.
Anyone with a iPhone 4/4S ready one?
Almost name-buddies :D .Is it possible for some to make the right scale for a 480 x 800 Samsung Galaxy S ? :)
Everybody will be dancing and we're...
I really doubt you found it outside
I don't know how i can prove it to you. Just going to have to trust. I was walking home and found this on the sidewalk. I really dont know what else to say?
utter class
Yay!  I forget how much I like DP remixes until they start to surface for a new album.
Hopefully we'll get it in within the next week or so, this is so exciting!!!!!
it's already on Spotify and rips are on the net.
God I love how they are bringing 70's sci-fi back.  Their helmets are pure Syd Meade styles and that spaceship interior is like something out of Alien or Blade Runner.  Such a wicked aesthetic..Awesome.
Is the remix only on spotify or can I listen to it some where else?

Looks like an MGMT party going on.
It's funny you say that, because the director of MGMT's Congratulations video was rumored to have directed the Get Lucky video, which he denied. It is very possible that he directed the remix video, however.
It's so Next Generation
Engage!
It's already on spotify :O  
"...and while we're waiting for a house remix of Get Lucky, Daft Punk will be twiddling their thumbs like, 'Doo de doo de Doo Doo Doo'..."
0:26.Thomas: Looks like we did it again..Guy: Yep. .YEP YEP YEP YEP YEP.
Wow, I like it a lot. I can definitely chill out to this.
Huh, so these are the people that stayed up all night to Get Lucky.
They have just raised the word cool to a whole new level..
While I was watching the dances I remember that Nile said something about that the dancers didn't know how to react. Did he mean this? Otherwise I feel like I want a leather chair on the moon. 
I've read in a couple of articles that they were going to explore the use of short-form videos with this album.  At first I was disappointed to read that, wanting another full 5555 esq experience, but with this, the un-packaging of the album vid and the Cochella promo, I think it's working brilliantly. 
Jiffy! 00:23-00:35

they are so damn cool, I have mixed feelings on the remix, was expecting more of a house feel. What do you guys think of it?
I don't expect them to do any more House - in fact, I'm pretty happy they went this way. Funk/Blues/R&B fan here. I love House music but this... This is glorious. haha
supermoon, man! then the music... and dancing... woh! then the robots... my eyes starrted welling up in excitement and ecstasy. :D
They are on their spaceship, looking at people dancing to their music. 
I love the contrast between the sun for the single and the moon for the remix!
Wait. Wait. Wait..Does this mean what I think it does? That this is from...the music video?
They said there never was a video for the original. They weren't lying. This is for the Daft Punk Remix. Haha
 Brilliant move, Daft Punk. Can't wait for this video to drop.
dammn this is so cool, the whole thing with the sun for the radio version, and this is like the night version with the moon. niceeee
That fourth chord. Ugh. It makes me squirm. I want to change it so badly.
No way! Love it

Is this what you expected?
I get what you mean. It sounds a bit... weird at first. But at the same time, it prevents the chord sequence from achieving resolution on the 4th, allowing it to keep going. 
Thank you for being a musician and hearing this! 
Isn't that like Digital Love? Never resolving? 
If I was in that crowd, I would most likely be that dude dancing to himself all the way to the left. 
God they look so fucking cool..Edit: 
FUCK, FUCK, FUCK

Classic Jezza...
I hope this is from an upcoming music video.
That harmony in the second verse legitimately frightened me.
How does the valuation for the guitar work, is it just a joke I don't get?
One of these is wrong, it was He's the Greatest Dancer that was sampled on Gettin' Jiggy Wit' It.
This is awesome! I'm actually see him live with Chic next week supporting the xx 
Nice! i'm hoping to catch him at glasto! 
indigO2 for me!
And he's playing at Glastonbury! I can't wait :)
After his cancer was cured, he decided to make as much music as he can before he dies. I guess, that that's why...
He had/has prostate cancer, which is generally pretty slow growing and not terribly aggressive, hopefully he's with us for a very long time still, there're still riffs to be written!
I think he did the guitar work for Give Life Back to Music but I'm just guessing.
And Lose Yourself to Dance.
I don't want to boast or be a karma-whore, but I TOTALLY MET NILE RODGERS LAST FRIDAY!!!.He was in Edinburgh doing a music/art show which basically turned into 'an audience with Nile'. He played sections from all his music (including Get Lucky!) and de-constructed everything so we could understand what he was playing. He also played some of his latest work and talked about his various collaborations over the years..After the show he took his time and spoke with everyone, posing for photos and signing autographs. I've never met such a down-to-Earth kind-hearted guy. My Dad, who was with me, is a long-time fan of Nile and was absolutely over the moon when Nile told him how honoured he was to have such a dedicated fan..Anyway, here's my .. I'm the guy with glasses in the group pic.  Damn shame it came out blurred but it doesn't matter, met Nile ;) The important thing is the ones with my Dad came out perfect!.Here's a clip of his . for those interested.
Wow I didn't even know people disliked HAA...
I personally love it. The only negative review topic I've gotten from anybody about it was its repetition in songs. But....C'mon now.
It's a matter of opinion. In my opinion, the songs go on for way too long and a lot of the time are too hard-edged and minimalistic for my tastes. Also, . will continue to be the laziest thing Daft Punk has ever put out
I wouldn't say such negative things about it, it doesn't have that happy feeling, like you get from RAM\Discovery\even Homework, causing some not to really like it that much... That being said, of the albums, on my favorites list, it is number 4. .Still not a bad album, and i do like a majority of the songs on there, i think the songs are better when played with other songs, There was a lot of good remixes involving songs from that album as well. 
I, personally, love HAA, and I can see why people would hate it. The same tunes and synth stretches are used in multiple songs, creating a boring repetitive environment. I like Robot Rock, don't get me wrong here, but I'll admit it's the laziest thing DP have ever produced, and I think critics picked up on the repetitiveness purely for time extensions on the album.
It was too gritty and grungey for my tastes. Plus, a lot of the songs sound too similar to each other.
I think it just comes down to the repetition. I like the album a lot and it has one of my favorite DP songs (Make Love) on it. It also has some other awesome tunes like Prime Time, Technological and TV Rules The Nation. Idk. I liked it...
Personally, when I first opened up HAA, I instantly loved every single track I listened to--and that was before I saw anyone else's opinion on it. As such, I don't understand the criticisms of it. .I think sometimes people get it into their heads that it's a bad album when they see a lot of negativity first before listening to it themselves, and try as they might, they just can't fully erase those thoughts from their head after the fact. (I know I got a bit of that treatment with RAM.)
I don't hate it but it's my least favourite out of the 4 albums.
I love the album, but I can see how people can be turned off by it.. but a lot of the hate is because it sounds so different to Discovery, which is the same reason I've seen people criticize RAM too. That's just plain stupid in my opinion, if you can't appreciate different sounds then you don't even know what Daft Punk stands for as a group.
I love human after all, it might not be an album to play at a party, but its an album that you listen by yourself, and think about life. i dunno, i like it.
The excitement of RAM is still fresh in my brain, and I love it, but HAA is my favorite album by Daft Punk.  The only negative things I've heard about HAA are from people in ..  .HAA may seem incomplete, but like Electroma, iirc it was an experiment to see what they could do in a very limited time frame.  It was all about capturing the feeling of a particular moment..Everything else I wanted to say has already been said by NatDaddy in his last sentence:  
Maybe the fact they recorded it in only 6 weeks make people think it's crap..But substract HAA's songs from Alive 2007, and see what happens. .I personally love HAA.
[deleted]
Nope, I don't talk to anyone about Daft Punk...not even now.
I definitely have to agree with what you said about hearing negativity before listening.  When the un-mastered track of Get Lucky was leaked, someone in the subreddit commented that they didn't like the "generic keyboard sound" at the end of it, and that the previously unheard lyrics didn't even sound like Pharrell.  I can't get it out of my head.
Seriously. Go to Amazon.com and look at Human after all reviews. It is not just people on this subreddit who don't like it. You have physical evidence.
anyone who says they "hate" it clearly have no idea what they're talking about.
Okay, it's not the worst. But it is the weakest Daft Punk album. That doesn't mean it's bad--the worst DP album is still miles above most other albums (in my opinion). .Personally, I think that it's one of their best (next to Discovery).
Not as lazy as the get lucky remix 
ZING!
I tend to disagree. In the GL remix, they experimented with completely changing the style of the song with different notes and sentence mashing..In Robot Rock, it's the same thing for nearly 5 minutes.
But it still "rocks" (sorry)
Oh, you. 
It seems like i'm the only one of my friends who does.
I didn't know that, well I think that makes it even better that they made such a great album in such a sort amount of time.
Indeed ! They accumulated their creativity and they made a fantastic album in less time than it takes to say :)
(2 weeks composing, 4 weeks mixing)
I personally think that robot rock is a fantastic song, and is one of my favorite by DP, but to each their own i guess.
I like the way it . well enough, I just think the use of sampling is pretty uncreative, by Daft Punk standards especially
I dont understand how people can say that when music that just says you a stupid hoe over and over again is awesome. HAA might be repetitive but the bass lines in all of the songs are amazing.
Make Love is the best song on HAA. That bass line, oh my god!
Can't agree more!.bwap, bwap, bwapwapwap-bwap brwlaaaaurln.bwap bwap bwap, bwap bwap bwap, bwap bwap bwap-bwapwapwapwap
I see people asking this question far more often than I ever hear about people actually disliking the album. Granted, it's not their best release, but even the weakest Daft Punk album is still a great album in my opinion. 
I think most of the hate stemmed from the fact that . and . sounded . different from one another. . had this clean, soulful, happy-go-lucky feel to it, while . was robotic, detached and devoid of the ardent emotions of .. .That being said, I loved . for that fact. Daft Punk wanted to exemplify the emotional dichotomy between robots and humans and they did a great job.
Or that Human After All was rushed as hell.
That too.
Wasn't it something like 6 weeks?
Two weeks of production and four weeks of mastering
Listen to Change - Miracles
Breakbot - One Out of Two (Oliver Remix).Awwww yeahhh
fucking awesome thanks man!
Bringing dat disco funk back..Booty Thrill - I'll Never Stop
.Booty Thrill - On The Beat

 
Here is a list of video links collected from comments that redditors have made in response to this submission:
Listen to Daze's new EP, "S.O.L.A.R."
If you just search what artists are featured on the album, I think you will find what you are looking for. Some of the closest matches would maybe be Steely Dan, Chic, Cool and the Gang, Donna Summer, ect. Another good idea would be to wiki search "songs/albums produced by Nile Rodgers". If you like 'Touch', the soundtracks to the first two Muppet movies will suit you. 
Listen to breakbot, he's a bit more on the electronic side but it is still the same disco funk heard in RAM.
I made this playlist a while back substituting other similar tracks for RAM tracks:
too sexy
If you're not familiar with them you need to check out Alan Parsons Project. They're a bit progressive so they didn't really stick to one genre but they did a lot of electro/disco stuff and Daft Punk's use of vocoders always reminds me of them. Although they never mentioned it I'm sure they were a big influence to Daft Punk. . . 
I grew up with my parents listening to alan parsons project.. I totally see it now that I went back for a listen. I showed my parents fragments of time (because I though it sounded similar to steely dan) and asked them who it reminded them of. My mom right away said steely dan. Cool stuff, thanks for sharing!! 
Or listening to anyone Daft Punk hangout with, so like Kavinsky, Dj Falcon, and ESPECIALLY Breakbot. Try listen to this mix he did for Beatport 
Breakbot
Someone other than me, that thinks "Baby I'm Yours" sounds like the vocals on "Face to Face"?

 
 I like this game.
Well EdBangerRecords is the subreddit for all things Breakbot, and has much more popularity.
I owe you my first born son, 
yea just listen to a bunch of 70s and 80s funk.
mind linking me some of your favourites? when you get a chance
tommarrow ill give u more but for tonight i got these.
.
.
.
and if u liked the robot voices check out any song by kraftwerk.those dudes where ahead of there time
Kraftwerk is the grand-father of their electro futuristic techno (that sounds weird), and Daft Punk are their successors. I respect them so much, both of them.
We are the robots!
yea my formatting is shit but i hoped that helped a little bit. more to come soon.
np thanks duder, listening to them now
please deliver 
Tangent: Gaspard is like the coolest looking man on the planet.
His older look is sexier, now he's just silly.

.

i like your username. 
Thank you! Have an upvote, on the house!
This is so sick, where'd you get it?
Arbitary Day gifter sent it to me
I don't know what to say besides I'm jealous as fuck lol
I still have not listened to it
I've grown to love the album and find that there are more songs that I really like than those that I think are just ok. My favourites are Instant Crush, Within, Touch and Contact.
Game of Love!!!
Instant Crush
Contact, Touch, Horizon are my top 3. If you count Horizon!
Too hard to decide. Harder even than their previous albums for me.
Instant Crush and Giorgio By Morodor.
Can't get enough of them.
I'm really digging their remix of Get Lucky, it sounds a little but more like their older songs to me. The alternate chords and guitar solos are just fantastic and throw a more night time feel into the song. It's hard for me to describe, but it's as if I am remembering a song differently than how it was before.
Beyond
Beyond. That robot voice gets me every time.
Give life back to music! I still remember when I was first played it in my car. Best opening track ever!.Instant crush, too. 
Its all great. 
Can't stand the album anymore. I listened to it way to many times. I feel exhausted when I hear Get Lucky on the radio every five minutes. I am taking a disco break right now.
Breaks are completely necessary. This album is REALLY hard to not listen to...but with everything, too much sweet will rot ya teeth...or something...
Yep. This was all my fault. I ruined it for myself. 
Beyond and Instant Crush.
Giorgio by Moroder
tie between Giorgio by moroder and contact
Lose Yourself to Dance, so much flow.
Contact, I love the drumming in this song 
Horizon, so chill and soothing, I was sad it was only included in the Japanese edition!
It's my car's default CD (i usually play music thru ipod) and I limit myself in listening to about ~2 times a week for this reason. I will hate it if I actually indulge and listen as much as I want..Also, protip, never make these songs your alarm...you'll grow to hate them
To your pro tip, I've been using random ones each night and wake up with a positive mindset, and let the music keep playing as I'm getting ready. I get up in a much better mood and am ready to be at work at 7! 
Contact.  The drums are absolutely sick. 
Yes! The moment when the drums start on that song I always think: "Yeah, here we go!"
Give Life Back to Music, Lose Yourself to Dance, Fragments of Time
What, I might ask, is holding you back?
partly laziness but also partly because I hear "get lucky" all the time at work and its really taken that turn where i don't want to hear it until that song disappears. 
Oh but the album is SO much more than just "Get Lucky". That track on it's own, is actually a terrible representation of the beauty and perfected thought-process behind the album. I generally do not gush about albums...but this is one of those you have to listen to from track 1 till the end (very much a Pink Floyd-esque experience). You experience every range of emotion.  .Go in with zero predetermined notions of what you know of Daft Punk, and enjoy. 
It still changes every day, but I've narrowed it down to ., ., ., and .. Even then, I still have other tracks creeping back like ..
I can't believe Give Life Back to Music isn't one of the top!
I wish they would've had more of the upbeat rhythm instilled into it. It seems to just stop and move onto the next beat
Touch is one of my favorite songs from them, but lately I've been finding myself singing Instant Crush a lot.
I remember it
Instant Crush.
I love the way Touch, Get Lucky, Beyond, and Motherboard all roll together.
Has to be Touch. Nearly brought a tear to my eye when first I heard it, and continues to bring a smile to my face every time.
The second half is amazing.
I'm a minority, and I love RAM as a whole, but....Get Lucky..Can't get enough. I get giddy when it comes on and can't help but tap my feet and nod my head.
Was doin it right, month later is Giorgio by moroder tied with fragments of time
I'm torn between Instant Crush and Beyond.
Touch and Contact
My top 5 is:.The main reason why I love so much The Game of Love is because few weeks ago I was invited to the VIP Village on the Roland Garros mens final. I was so excited to be there (I don't usually go to events like this, despite I love tennis), and when I got into the Village for the first time just before lunch there was a DJ and the exact time I put my feet into that luxury area he started to play The Game of Love. I think I will remember that moment for very long time, and every time I listen to that song... it's just special..Excuse me for my english, I'm spanish.
Give Life Back to Music. I concur
i am with you
Motherboard. That's if I absolutely had to pick one though, because I'm still listening to it start to finish. I'm just glad they gave us an instrumental. Wouldn't feel like a dp album without one..The songs that have grown the most on me were Beyond, Game of Love and Instant Crush, in no particular order.
That flute part in Motherboard really is so perfect, I cant get enough of it
Stiiilll gotta be contact.
I feel like Get Lucky's popularity is doing to it what happens to most overly popular songs, it's becoming exhausting. I work in a gym and I hear that song twice on the radio during just a 4 hour shift, every day. That's way too much man, it was already near the top of my most played songs on iTunes before it went all Gangnam Style and exploded.
I completely agree! While I still enjoy the song, its popularity, publicity, and overall fame makes it kind of...dull (for lack of a better word) and I feel like I can't fully enjoy it now because of this exact reason. 
I'm just ignoring it everywhere I can and listening to it in my own jam. If I manage to catch it while out/on the radio etc, I'll just have a mini-jam and move on. .People better be prepared for Lose Yourself To Dance to have the same effect and become "overplayed" next month.
It'll be the "jam of the summer" just like Get Lucky was/is. Just had a crazy epiphany. Pharrell is leading the charge on THREE "Summer jams". 1) Get Lucky 2) LYtD 3) Robin Thicke's "Blurred Lines".Dayamn Pharrell. Just dayamn
He's also one of the drummers in the Man of Steel soundtrack and is the lead vocalist of the Despicable Me 2 theme. 
Well turn me sideways and slap me silly... this man is REDICULOUS. Good lawwwd
Every god damn song is amazing. And 'Touch' can still make me cry like a baby.
Lose yourself to dance followed up by fragments of time. I quite dislike get lucky... 
nah, get lucky is still nice to hear, I just don't give it as much plays anymore.
I'm not saying it's bad... I just don't like it as much as the rest. 
Instant Crush in a more upbeat traditional song kind of way..Musically, Motherboard.
Giorgio by Moroder.cause synthetiser.
I would partially sleep in ze car...
His name is Giovanni Giorgio. But everybody calls him Giorgio!.So cool to hear the lifestory of the Godfather of Electronica. Especially when the beat hits after he stops talking. Absolutely solid.
I'm french and i say it the same way :(
As an outsider, I'd say it's one of the best aspects of a french person speaking english
Oh man, since RAM I've been bouncing between tracks like "Get Lucky" and "Lose Yourself to Dance", but that all changed a couple of weeks ago..I went with a few people from my school to Per for various reasons (become fluent in Spanish, learn about how the other half of the world lives, see Machu Picchu, etc). We didn't really think a lot about how this trip would change us. I'm a upper-middle-class white male teenager. I've never left the United States..After all the fun touristy stuff we decide to drive across Cuzco, to the other side of the mountains that border the city. We drove for about an hour or so. When we arrived, I saw poverty that I've never seen before in a part of the country that I would never return to. Dogs eating carcasses and growling at passerby was common. Kids were out in the street trying to find food for their families--they would beg us for any sort of change. There was no life, no hope. I didn't know that people . lived like this. We stayed there for about 3 hours before we hopped a bus back to Cuzco to crash in our homes where we were staying..On that bus, in the dead of night, I pulled out my iPod and decided to listen to Daft Punk. I started at the beginning and made it through "Giorgio by Moroder" without really feeling anything (a new sensation for me--I'm always excited when I listen to DP)..So then . comes on and that pretty much affects me in ways that a song never has. I didn't know what I was feeling right then, but I'd later find out that it was this sudden urge to find out what I'm supposed to do with my life..Since I've been back, I've been making some efforts to help others and whatnot. I have decided to minor in Spanish in college so I can go back to South America after I graduate. I'm going to try to bring clean water and food to the poor down there. I don't think I've got the skills now, but I can in a few years..So I think . actually helped change my life. More than any other song that I've ever heard. I would apologize for the rambling, but I put a tl;dr at the top so you only read this out of curiosity. I should thank you for reading this, then..Also "Touch" is pretty good, too.
That's a great story, man! Good luck with your future plans. Isn't it amazing how a song can have so much impact on your life? 
Inspiring story dude, great to hear it affected you so positively. Good luck with your endeavors!
Yeah, Touch is awesome.
Everything. Still.
Doin' It Right
My god that slightly trap-esque sound it has. Just beautiful.
Beyond - 'The perfect song is framed with silence' gets me every time <3
What do you find significant about that lyric?
Silence speaks much more than any noise you would hear. The perfect song is in your mind where time is just a concept.
I get emotional every time. Literally tingles.
I have no idea but it gives me tingles
For me it "remember love's our only mission'' that gets me
zyn-the-ziz-er
Beyond. Dem cymbals. 
I like to think of Beyond as a high hat solo the rest of band just accompanying the high hats.
Lose Yourself to Dance
You know it's funny, this track is fantastic for the first few minutes...then I dunno...it just feels looooong. They needed to throw in another verse to break it up. Otherwise I can't help but move my feet.
This
Cmon.I love this song so much, it always gets me tapping my feet.
Correct amount of cmons...impressed heres an upvote
Instant Crush
I have to hold back the urge to skip to this track. EVERY SINGLE TIME 
I always feel like skipping until the middle part, such a good song. 
Fragments of time. Can not stop listening to it when i deliver pizzas. 
when i first heard it, i was so put off by what i thought was a 'country' feel and how it was so...human, but now i absolutely love it.
Hands down my favourite as well. I just can't get enough of that jam, especially since I listened to RAM so much on the month I was just backpacking through Europe, that song captures my feelings towards my trip perfectly.
I just got back from a vacation a feel the exact same. I can't stop listening to it!
Anyone else unable to not sing the little riff after "keep playing back"?.Bee bee boo boop boop
Me too! My favorite part: "familiar faces I've never seen, living the gold and the silver dream". /wiiiiiiink
There was a post a couple weeks ago about a guy who ordered pizza and put "play Daft Punk" in the delivery instructions. Pizza guy didn't do it. If only you had delivered...
I found that video really hard to watch. 
There was a video?
Such a smooth summer jam. so good
I love the subtle slide guitar in the chorus
Yep. People thought it was DP going soft and going in some stupid disco direction. 
JUNKIE mtfflpn XL !!
One of ram session drummers is also there
Which one/what's his name?
John "JR" Robinson.*edit.Also the tracks he played on are Give Life Back to Music, The Game of Love, Giorgio by Moroder, Within, Instant Crush, Lose Yourself to Dance, Japanese Bonus Track: Horizon
This dude is everywhere! It's fucking awesome.
dude, did you listen to the radio at all in the 00s? pharrell has always had his hands in everything, maybe even more so than niles considering that hes been active for half as long as he has. 
Holy... Crap. That's a bunch of work... MUST. FIND. MY. HEADPHONES!
Thanks, man.
You mean his various clones? Why do you think he never ages?
I'm starting to think you might be absolutely right... 
Let's not forget Led Zepelling (whom they respect) already has used this.
Not to mention that Skrillex used the name for a tour and Skrillex fans would cause a violent uprising of self-righteous bestial screeches.
Zeppelin*
Case closed.
Humans have motherships.Robots have motherboards.Daft Punk is better at naming their songs than you are.
I think they changed it because they already have a remix of Mothership Reconnection.
Where would one find a coat like that?
I don't mean to sound fussy, but do you have them a bit higher quality? It kinda looks really hazy. 
Vans?  What's with the brand loyalty?
Just updated it! I edited the original pictures with the Adobe photoshop app. It looks a lot cleaner on my phone.
Its...interesting.
The remix of Beyond is pretty sick. So freaking funky.
It has more of a darker tone for me, pretty hit and miss.
Beyond is awesome, but I don't know what to do with the rest. Not my thing, that's all.
nope
so much static
Just finished listening to the whole thing - so much more interesting than the original album. I love me some Nicolas Jaar.
I feel as if this is a slowed down RAM with weird synths. I don't know if I like it really. But everyone has tastes I guess.
So good! Easily my favorite remix of any song off RAM that I've heard thus far. Sticks with the vibe, but presents something different & super funky.
The first half is incredible, then it gets too noise music-y.
They don't seem terribly impressed with their remix ..
[1920X1080] . . 
I don't think it should have been called a remix. It feels more like an extended mix for a club setting. 
Yeah I think if the remix started from that 7 minute mark it would be a lot better. I love it after that point. 
Well the first half of the "remix" is 95% like the original, and then it's not even surprising... It's just a different mix. Not a real remix like they did on Robot Rock Maximum Overdrive. It's better than Aerodynamic (Dat Punk Remix) though. 
Yeah its fine, but its definitely underwhelming. 
Well aside from the 60 combined years musical experience and 4 years in the making of an album from memories of their childhood. I cant see anything BUT inspiration.
Why is this man getting so many downvotes? I might be missing something.
welcome to the internet, where if you miss somthing your ridiculed for ever
I think OP is talking about the . 
I gathered that much. Cheers for supporting the daft punk fan in a daft punk forum
On Amazon Canada it's $16... .It's 50% cheaper to just order from the UK. Redic.
Why does it say it will be released on the 8th, when on MyPlayDirect it says July 16th?
Huh?
Radio edit and album version. 
And remix, probably.
OK I already ordered from myplay direct. How do I go about cancelling that?
If anyone knows where we can get it cheaper, that would be great.
Scratch that already figured it out.
This would look great right over my turntables!
Dude that's sick.
Incredible!
Wow! Thank you Reddit! I was sad because I realized I missed my cake day and then logged on to see all the up votes!
My late grandfather was an oil painter, self taught and really good at it. I understand how difficult the medium can be and you sir or ma'am have done a wonderful job!
I would also like to buy this. If only the funds were available. :(
How much?!? Is it for sale? Write any number on this check and I will give it to you.
I would also buy it!
Magnificent (I would pay much for it)
I don't charge that much. I paint for the love of it, not for the money. 
I guess you don't sell any of your paints, right ?
I'm not some hipster painter that is above selling them, and I'm not a self-important painter that charges thousands of dollars. 
i pay 320 shekel
How bout three  fiddy and I throw in a Loch Ness monster 
Don't worry, I totally understand, I'd do the same if I had your talent. But it doesn't change my first reaction :)
Please stop with paintings, drawings, statues and other stuffs. Please <3
What for?
Thank you! I've only been using oil paints for about 6 months and the pallet knife method for about 3. Really love it. 
I'm not an expert on oil painting, but would it be a good idea to do the black background in a different type of paint (that is thinner) and just do the white in oil paint? Looks good though!
A painting dedicated to a overrated piece of shit album..Exai > RAM
Why are you even on .?
It is. PM me and I will send you the info if you are interested
Now live! Busy P joins at 2PM EST: 
He just posted . on his facebook page.
I'm you from the past:
Oh my bad, didn't see that. You got the time wrong though.
Either A: I'm retarded or B: they must have changed it. Have an upvote for the update.
"..I just wanted you to stay..."
So many feels.
I like it.
Is it about a robot who's looking for human feelings ?
This isn't related to Daft Punk at all though
Technologic + Make Love? .Make Love because of the game, and Technologic because of the familiar set-up? 
Game of Love. Track 2 on RAM
I had one of those as a kid. The Nintendo R.O.B.- Robotic Operating Buddy. We played a lot of Gyromite together.
How are Daft Punk fans unfamiliar with this song?
Im 33. For some reason I find the two relevant.. 
I find that a bit offensive, considering I thought it was Game of Love, but I decided to have a more broad view. Same goes to others who think it wasn't related to Daft Punk, they're just as big of fans, they just don't have as big a mindset as you might have.
It's a game of love
been here like 10 times..
This reminds me of Contact.
This gif annoys me
I was busy trying to do a few things and walked away from this gif for a bit. It played through The Game Of Love. It seemed to sync up.
the worlds smallest violin plays for you
Hahah Spongebob references are always okay.
That joke was around long before Spongebob
Popularized by Spongebob.
Fucking summer.
As a history buff, I love this!
Was expecting a shitty Holocaust joke..I am pleasantly surprised.
Oh :D 
Did I get this right?
cancer
Ohh this is awesome. Had to play Get Lucky and sing along to this. Too amazing 
My god
My pops and I did the same thing last summer, but its was guy-mans helmet. Learned a lot! I cherish the ones we made. He passed months later. Enjoy them, but enjoy the experience more. 
Don't forget the mouthpiece! Oh and great job.
My Dad and I*
Is this a carving of some sort? 3D print? Can't be paper mache... looks awesome.
It started off as 4 blocks of insulation foam, which has been shaped, stuck, sanded, filled & sanded a ton more. By this point, it's coated in about 3 different forms of filler as well. I wish we had a 3D printer to help us! It's been done absolutely by hand with no machinery but a mouse sander and a Dremel. 
Wow, very nice work.
I love you.
link for Get Lucky 3 sample throwing a 404. maybe OP got too excited and double-pasted the actual link. :) easily sorted out in case others feel "unlucky" on missing that sample if you edit d/l link.
Thanks for this! Awesome loops. I have been looking to find a good one for my ringtone and these are exactly the kind I was looking for!.Do you take requests? I like how you have two versions of Lose Yourself to Dance (drums vs clap). Would it be possible to make one with neither drums nor clap? I think that might be a little less distracting as a ringtone. There is a little snippet at 4:08 that is guitar only. Not sure if it is "complete" enough to loop though
My mistake! Thanks for pointing out the error, fixed.
Thank you! Unfortunately, no. I was also looking for a solid instrumental of just the guitar and the closest I could get was with the claps. If I had a sample of just the claps without any guitar, I could invert the sample to cancel out them out in the second loop, in theory leaving just the guitar..4:08 is a very tiny ending segment and not nearly enough for a complete loop :(
Figured as much. Thanks anyways, now to choose between the two ;)
Fall and Aerodynamite from Daft Club.
It has the the same exact noise to build suspense (I don't know exactly what it is) but that's the only similarity I notice.
Contact is not from 2002..And they use that sound all the time. Even in Give Life Back to Music, various TRON songs, and aerodynamite.
I've been looping this track all week! 
Thanks for showing us this, OP. Just went and bought his new EP, it's soooooo good.
Haven't stopped listening to the new EP. So good. S.O.L.A.R and Thinking About You are my favorites at the moment.
Thanks for this. I'm really enjoying it!
Discothrill is fantastic 
OOOOOO Niiiceee
S.O.L.A.R samples Short Circuit :)
So this was just showed on the dutch morning news... on RTL 4. 
Dat channel thumbnail.
Reddit loves Daft Punk so hard and this song just increased Obama's approval rating by a non-zero amount.
Best sentence mixing I've ever heard.
Aw, I thought this was the real deal.. oh well, was still fun to watch.
He's being a bit of a faggot at the moment, but this is still pretty good.
Is it just me or did he say "We come to fart" at 0:26?
Nailed Pharrell's laughs
I would have enjoyed this much more if I didn't dislike Obama so much. 
As an outsider, why do you dislike Obama? And is that the popular view?
He kills children with drone strikes and has joked about it, for starters..edit: video for proof; 
Most people just blame him for stuff that has been going on for a long time and isn't completely in his control. I think he's pretty average, most Presidents aren't exactly gonna be another Lincoln or Washington like people expect.
Do you mean Mid-east? I know USA is good at killing, but joking about it is another level.
Yes, there is a list of children who have been killed in our drone strikes, primarily in Pakistan, readily available online. Drone strikes have been used several times on Americans as well.
Some drone strikes kill civilians, yes. That's war..Our enemies cower among civilians. Innocent people are bound to die. .But drone strikes save lives. The alternatives, conventional bombing or troops on the ground, lead to more civilians in danger. And doing nothing at all means a terrorist can go ahead with, say, plans to blow up a market that would kill far more civilians than any errant drone strike..Innocent people die in war. Drones maximize damage towards the bad guys while minimizing the risk to civilians and American personnel.
Link to joke?.(Ninja edit: I'm not an Obama supporter.)
Flumptastic is just editorializing.

2x Obama voter here...I'm quite happy with his performance. A lot of liberals have been angry about his approach to national security, but much of it is over hyped ignorance. 
As US citizen who voted for him twice.. the actions (that have come to light) and his administration's responses in the past month or so have soured me greatly..Really it is just more confirmation that the US government is working for the military industrial complex, corporations, and whatever rich elite are involved within - regardless of who is in office. This is not surprising, just sad to have confirmed in a big, bad way..Many of us are disappointed in how similar he is to our last president, and how little difference has actually been made. He has championed a few things that have effected me positively, but not so much that I can justify the absurd things we are now privy to..Just one opinion, of course.
or you just listen to the hindmind and not form your own opinions
Hmm... That sounds nothing too striking. I guess the military, corporations and rick elite thing can be said about nearly all governments. Maybe some Scandinavian govs, Japan and Swiss governments are different but I doubt it. .Hopefully this type of governmenting will be out-evolved in the coming decades or centuries.
I thought we were starting to not like Obama?
Yeah this is the first Obama-related post in weeks where the comments aren't all bashing him. Leave it to DP :)
I never liked him

Lol i first thought you meant double penetration not Daft Punk. Obama bashing, haha.
only when he's not singing DP :D
If it were autotuned, it might actually sound pretty legit. The timing is right on...
Would be awesome if . made that happen!
Now that the album/sessions have been leaked, does anyone know the song at the end. 
Slightly different in that, from my understanding, he recorded live music, had it pressed on vinyl and then sampled that. So he created his own samples, but is still working with loops. 
thanks for the link! looking forward to their new album. .my favorite song from the group. 

haha the look on his face when he hears the guy playing the woodwind instrument in the shop.
Wait, I thought Pretty Lights is just one person?
Haha, yeah its not a group...
I dont know actually :|
Deadmau5 is heavily influenced by Daft Punk.
Lemaitre sounds very similar.
DatA.Revolte.Those two sound like DP.
ohboyherewego.png
Oh no, did I trip and fall into a circle jerk I was unaware of??
Possibly yes.
i like the lyrics, not entirely sure if its about the Robots, but i guess we can go with that :)
 lol!!
If you are asking if the song is about Daft Punk then almost certainly not, if you are asking if it is relevant to this subreddit I think it's acceptable to be posted here.
Did the sample at the beginning not sound like Daft Punk? I could see the lyrics being 50/50, most doubt comes from the artist using singular nouns but "oldies and the goldie's playing on the radio" reminded me of DP bringing back 70's disco.
No.
I think it's just your standard "ode to the DJ" type club song lyrics. So no. BUT this album is pretty brilliant and I don't like dancepop at all usually. Studio Killers just do it so well.. is my favorite track on there probably. 
My gf LOVES Jenny haha my favorite is prolly Flawless.
Android doesn't need to convert the mp3s :) You can just put them on, and add them as ringtone by putting them in the ringtones folder..Yeah, I know that must be hard to get for an iPhone user ;p
Nice selection and editing. 
You are awesome. .I tip my helmet to thee...
YAY!!! Thanks OP, good work. 
i've been waiting to see some remixes or covers of songs other than Get Lucky!
This is dope! I'm from austin and have run into/seen Bird Peterson many a time; really nice dude 
I clicked on this because the thumbnail looked like DP's heads had been replaced with Dolan duck heads. Nice remix though.
french is my first language so that is my excuse for the spelling error: "how to be notified" sounds more right, yeah?.edit: i want to know when it airs.
I guess it will be on their VEVO channel... they have a VEVO channel right? not sure.. Anyway it will be here as well for sure.
i thought about the official website for the album but we all know how these things can suddenly stop being updated
Yes, "how to be notified" is the correct way to phrase your question. Your intent still came across perfectly. Sorry I can't answer your question. But it will be posted about all over the internet once it arrives.
yus. thanksies.
[deleted]
I don't know, but the thing is, It's not "really" on spotify, but the real version is on a karaoke album for some reason.
This version is 4:02 minutes long while the original is 6:44
[deleted]
I wish that they would just upload the whole Roule catalog. 
Roul pls 
Check it out then? Haha
It's been on there since forever...
I always thought the "live" performance was just a screen inside a pyramid... not the robots themselves. Their size seems awkward, inside the pyramid during this performance. What do you guys think?
The Grammy performance? I had my doubts when I first saw it. They probably were there though.
Why is Guy-manuel like the same height even a little taller than thomas?
Anyone else think the encore is the best part of the Alive album?
You think they're not going to compensate for height when performing? Even in photo-shoots they have Guy-Man standing on a taller platform or edit him to be bigger. It's just something to make them seem more even.
Not any photos I've seen. They usually leave guy the way he is, and thats the way i like it.

then that isnt the original duo :/.I like my Guy manuel short and stubby!
Yeah it is. But they photoshop it to make them look the same height. Look at how Guy-Man's helmet is always huge compared to Thomas because he's made to look bigger.
Ah, you are right. Well, I dont like it still. 
No.
It was either this guest appearance or the music video for Around the World that introduced me to these two... I have to thank Kanye regardless though. A lot of his samples have introduced me to some great songs and artists
They swapped costumes.
HOLY YES!
gaspard from justice says that it was actors not guy and thomas
Are they even controlling anything with the ipad things?
unlikely
When it got a shot of the stuff they were doing, I flipped out for a second......oh.
wat
They've used Jazzmutant Lemurs before in shows.
I thought it was an actual shot from Alive 2007 Encore, and that was the equipment they use.
Unfortunately that isn't true...they did use one of those touch "lemurs" when they played live. Here is their full setup: 
Coolest thing ever.
They used four Voyagers!
stool
Rumors say that it was actor just like in Electroma.
Gaspard from justice says it was actors
tes-vous franais?
Lol... Oui
And I know that my message is a full of mistakes :(
Nice, I'm pretty proud of myself for guessing that.
FTFY. :)
Dope! but this isn't them during the Encore, this is them during Kanye West's performance of Stronger on MTV I believe.
Don't they come out with the red LEDs just like this during the encore though?
Yuuuuuup
Well, technically red electroluminescent wire.
This is from the 2008 Grammy's

I was disappointed to find the HD versions were deleted from youtube. Luckily, I still have 1080p saved :D
Could I have a link, please?

Thanks a lot. Upvoted.
the shoes are legit. dig it.
Great stuff man, and the helmet was a nice touch! I just putting together the interview you did with Viva Latino. . :)
Wow, Da Funk sounds very different but awesome on piano.
This guy's pretty talented he's got a Justice medley too
This has been posted 3 times already.
I wonder if there is ONE magazine where Daft Punk didn't make the cover this month... :D
I think Guy-Man has some ice cream on his gloves.
In the second picture you can see the reflection of the sea in Guy's helmet even though they're sitting in front of it?
....Why do they have Ice Cream? . drinks?
They should have had melted ice cream all over the fronts of their helmets. That would be hilarious.
Yet another interview!? wow they've been busy.
Thanks for sharing this. Great article.
Maybe they're on an island.
Sorry for the dumb question, but is it possible to resize the second image so it could fit properly as a Facebook cover photo? Thanks.
Because it's hot in those helmets!
Texas Monthly. I can name dozens
Maybe I should clarify "musical or cultural magazine"
? The sound of .!
The reflections in their visors are seriously wrong.
It looks like Mars landscape.
Haha, this reminds me of the one from the HAA era by the pool with drinks! 
I love those photos, especially the sauna and Oreo O's pictures.
Thomas is thinking 'How do I ice cream?'

At least he's the one with a mouth.
BURN
Would that be a freezer burn?
Trying to show that it is summer. 
But....Robots....food....
Hey man, Data the android starfleet officer on Star Trek The Next Generation could eat food, he could only analyze it's atomic composition after he ate it, but not taste it. Thomas has a mouth hole on his helmet for a reason (probably).
OK, I'll take that
That's the point. The whole idea that they're robots but bringing soul and "the human element" back to music. And showing them at the beach or with ice cream is playing on that human element. The juxtaposition is intentional.
too much analyzing, huuuugggghhhhh.
Agreed. When it gets to the point where you're analyzing whether food being held in promo photographs makes sense, you might be over-thinking it a bit. But regardless, my point is that is makes sense anyway.
yeah, it does.
I love that Thomas has what appears to be normal ice cream and Guy has sparkly ice cream. That's how it looks to me, they both could be normal.
Edit: If I were at home I would probably do a crappy paint drawing of them with ice cream smudged all over their helmets.
And it wouldn't even be crappy :)
Anybody have the second photo in a higher resolution?
You can make it yourself with itunes
the version is too small, i was wondering if i can get a extended one

Not your art though. You just cut out the yellow part of already existing daft punk art, changed it red and then put it on a black background 
It's a painting or screen print, notice bottom right corner
I painted it, if you'd like I can post some of the inbetween art to prove it
You didn't make this...
Hey I just wanted to put all the doubt to rest about this not being mine, . are some in progress shots
Ok, so you copied another persons art and called it your own. Cool.
I liked the picture so I made it into a poster for myself, and I wanted to share it, I'm so sorry.
wow so daft
No I believe you painted it, I  just thought it was digital art (with just the color changed from the original).
Same thing at Taco Bell...hmmm..
same thing here in Belgium ,they showed that video...DP walk from Electrorama, and Pharrell's scenes from one of his old videos. 
Was it a good video? As far as I know, it doesn't need to be official to be on the list... Maybe they just wanted any video so people see something while they play Get Lucky.
 It was either this one or something very close to it
What's the clip from the beginning? I'm sure its been discussed, but I never found out.

Hell yeah, on my Birthday.
hey dude thats my cakeday too
i will make a remix of any song from the new record for you guys, tell me which one???
anybody have a countdown timer set up for this? something synchronized to match with anybody's local time?
Cool. We should definitely push him on trying to get Daft Punk to do an ama. .I'm interested in what his favorite bands are and what it was like managing Daft Punk
This is Busy-P right? 
yesh shir
Or Ed Banger!
DP, not going to happen. 
Source?
Fuckin AMA schedule. Go look mr didn't check the obvious place..EDIT: Yes im being a walter right now, im right and an asshole!
I was just curious if some info was posted about it on his Twitter or Facebook. No need to be an asshole...
i was being an asshole, but the intention was to encourage you to be a better redditor.  I took the time to post, you should take the time to check the ama schedule.  I understand that proof is part of what makes us  be able to trust sources, but there comes a point where i feel you are being an asshole as are the people downvoting me.  Don't ask for proof until you've spent five minutes looking..I spent five getting the post together, why can't you spend five minutes checking the proof situation.  I believe my words are less "asshole"ish than your laziness.  Please try harder.
you're not a very kind person are you?
im quitting smoking sorry, ive been bratty all week on reddit sorry.
Any idea what camera or phone was used to record this?
What type of bass is that? I must have it.
Pretty sure I'm going to locate these guys and kind of force myself into their sweet robot troupe.
What the hell did he do to his crash cymbal?
Give these guys a trophy.
His chops were too righteous..The cymbal couldn't handle that level of rocking music.
Wow, one of their drums was completely wrecked. 
effin' sick (in a good way)! :P they need a bigger venue. and a bigger crowd. lovin' the antics of the non-instrument-wielding posse..just wish t'was charles the dog lugging the boombox around.
Poor Charles. :(
It is the distant future, the year 2000.
We are robots. The world is quite different ever since the robotic uprising of the late nineties. There is no more unhappiness, affirmative.
We no longer say "yes," instead we say "affirmative." .Ye- Affirmative
What are you doing with your life Giorgio?
Well that was just... terrible. 
Remixes with Daft Punk usually are alright, but this? Dear lord i have been ear raped 0.0
That idiot can't make music

...is all I'm sayin'
Why this, why?!
Everyone knows he's a thief.  Dude can't even do anything decent without stealing something.
He is only an piece of shit because no one is willing to ridicule him through court. 
Wow. I wonder why they didn't approve use of the sample. I mean, this is just so good. What a visionary.
What would it take to take him out from music biz? 
It's not the Robot Rock video? Isn't it more like Technologic?
Will.i.am is terrible.
Here is a list of video links collected from comments that redditors have made in response to this submission:
I'm really tired of this fucking dude he's a thief that's all he does.
I have always hated WILL.I.AM. Now this is just a bigger reason for me to do so
This isn't the original version of the song, and was never released, so i don't see why there's upset about this. There's shitty mashups done all the time.
what about his song with Biebs?."bigger, better, stronger, power".0:56
That video gave me cancer D:
Can someone post this to the front page. God damn this hack needs to be exposed.
Just encase anyone else needs a refresher like I did, . Aside from the washed out retro 80s look I don't see how this is the same video.
The video copied the intro that Daft Punk used for their Human After All era music videos.. . ..
I think OP means synching the choreography with specific elements of the beat e.g. the synth, bass line, melody etc.
That was done first in . maybe OP meant that?
Well, to begin with, "This is a Presentation" vs "This is a Remix", but I think that might be it.
will.i.am is a fucking joke. He steals shit all the time. It's basically his creative process.
Wow, actually will.i.am is, or at least was, capable of making great music..The Black Eyed Peas was one of my favorite bands untlil 4 years ago when they decided that money is more important to them than funk..Shame on you, William Adams, shame on you. There you have one of the last good songs: . .Ironically, the title is very fitting now.
Black Eyed Peas were awesome before fergie joined. Behind the Front is a great album. 
It is indeed a great album, but I wouldn't blame Fergie for the downfall of BEP. Elephunk and Monkey Business were really great, IMHO.
well again, daft punk didnt even make Robot Rock. They just added little effects and changed name. I post link soon here
right, but were talking about Around The World here... I actually meant he copied the beginning of Robot Rock video [the presentation thing, thats basically the main effect in his video].besides, were talking about sampling a track without permission, if we can call it sampling in this case...
How is this any different from all the unauthorized remixes on here? No one has "permission" to sample RAM yet everyday there's another post in here of a remix from some artist I've hardly heard of.
They're both sampling. I am not a fan of will.i.am's at all, but we have to be honest and realize that the only reason this remix wasn't released was cause Daft Punk denied permission, vs. Robot Rock who did get sample clearance. .As someone said above, will.i.am did more with the sample in his track than Daft Punk did in Robot Rock. 
theyre free, thats the difference 
Exactly, as long as you aren't making profit from a cover or using a sample in your own work, then you are protected by fair use.
Even if you don't make money, it's still breaking copyright simply because its being distributed publicly.
Even if you don't make money, it's still breaking copyright simply because its being distributed publicly.
I forget the actual quote, or where I could find it, but Daft Punk said something along the lines of "this album was a homage to the 80s... it was more about what sounded cool rather than what genre it was."
That album was Discovery. Robot Rock was on Human After All.
People don't seem to understand that a lot of Daft Punks older stuff was heavily sampled, to the point where it was pretty questionable. I actually think will.i.am is doing more with this song than Daft Punk did with Robot Rock.
The difference is the fact the DP got permission and acknowledged each of the original artists for their samples. will.i.am just carries on without worrying about silly things like "ownership". 
questionable? Nah, they were pretty good at sampling , Robot Rock.. hm... just that one riff was sampled, vocals are new, FX are new, synths/electronic guitars are new, drums are new,...

I didn't notice the video in that list but the one that really pisses me off is this:
. (It shouldn't have to be stated what song he's ripping off... but just in case, it's "Video Killed the Radio Star".).I think a lot of people would agree that before Will.I.Am found out that 80s/90s samples were "fashionable" for impressionable idiots who lap up his music, his producing for the Black Eyed Peas wasn't all that bad. But now... Jeez.
Remember if you steal things, you only need to make enough money to cover any potential lawsuits in order to make it worthwhile..Never-mind your integrity!
While it's refreshing to hear different vocals on top of Around The World... These are the worst to have on it.

I too, confuse will.I.am with wyclef jean.. 
He's stolen plenty of stuff and gotten away with most of it by feigning ignorance or making up some bullshit. Here is a handful of things he's been involved in, everything from stealing lyrics, sampling without permission, and straight up theft of an entire song: .Some blatant ones:.Arty .Boize Noise .Bottom-line. Will.i.am is a hack..Fuck that guy.
Don't forget about him trying to release Delorean cars under his own auto maker name. Fucking asshole.
he also took one of Deadmau5' beats and compressed it further. Since deadmau5 is a master of compression you got this ultra badly compressed song. Deadmau5 even showed evidence by decompressing and showing the sound bits and comparing the stolen song side by side the original.
What song was it? 
"You and I" ft Medina. As for the song in question.... I forget
Hahaha he did?.What an ass.
[deleted]
ummm MJ did make a song with will.i.am. And will has an okay singing voice, but thats it. The guy steals beats, plain and simple.
[deleted]
yeah, sadly thats how reddit just is. BEP used to be good, then.... pfffft. 
When I saw him in that viral advert about "Coding" being the future of mankind, I immediately thought that Will.i.am's idea of coding is probably Ctrl+C and Ctrl+V.
Thats pretty much how I do it...I'm not a professional coder btw, just mess around for fun.
Type it, don't use the clipboard. Your code comprehension will really benefit :-) 
This is such good advice.
DP denied that he could use the sample, so this . was never really released, thankfully.
I can just imagine how that denial went down.."Hey guys can I use this song as a sample?"."No."."Why not?"."Because you suck, that's why."."But I'm a famous-"
A remix?!...but all he did is ramble shit over the full track basically.
Was it a remix? I'm not sure that was made clear?.I jest.
Was it a jest?  I'm not sure that was made clear?.I jape.
\=/ \n/ Awesome.
\=/ \n/ Are these supposed to be helmets? What the hell am I looking at?
Yes it is.
cancer
This was done surprisingly well.
Ok, thanks. I can't really see Guy Man's, but Thomas' is pretty good.  
His visor in front view looks like a "n" (I didn't find anything better) 
Nice job with the loop.  I wish more people would take the time to actually make good ringtones like this..Any chance you'd make one for Around the World?
heres another one

Welcome !
Sure!
do you think it's possible to get a preview or something, also, i don't even have an android or an iphone, so i'd love to just have a raw MP3 file to download
Awesome! I have a brand new ringtone. This is fantastic, and it definitely is perfect. Thanks a ton!
File type not supported :(
Can you upload it to youtube or something? So I can use it on windows phone
I can't seem to get it to download.
Make sure you accept the Terms and Conditions for MEGA.
I did. It just says that it finished downloading, but nothing actually downloaded.
Same thing is happening to me
Import it instead. And then right click it to download in the file viewer.
I'll upload the mp3 soon :)
Thanks! :)
Nice!
thanks buddy!
Wow, I actually considered myself to be quite knowledgeable about Android (was a dev awhile back, flash ROMs and mods n shit all the time) but I have absolutely no idea what to do with a .ogg file. .Any help here? I'm going to Google this straight after. .EDIT: didn't even have to Google it, apparently rings extended recognized it as a ringtone so I was able to set it through that.  Awesome work by the way, sounds great. 
Works fine with Nexus 4! Thanks! :)
How do i get it on my iphone? 

.ogg file didn't work on my Galaxy S2, but I switched the extension to .mp3 and it worked fine.  Thanks!
The intro from the album version would be good as an alarm tone. Setting a good song as an alarm makes you hate it after a while though... :/
well, i hate this song for a while now. Its good, but I cant stand this anymore.
its just so mainstream. 
These are really well made, thanks!
Thanks!
You're just a modern scriptkiddy..EDIT: The android development community is full of people that do silly modifications to mods and label themselves as "developers" (I'm looking at you XDA). It's a really annoying situation. I found it extremely suspicious that someone would label themselves as a developer, and yet have never even touched an Ogg file type or at the very least ..
And you're just an asshole
I was part of the team that ported Google Now in 99% of all its glory back to ICS devices during the first few months after Jelly Bean hit. .I wasn't saying I was some crazy CM team member, just that I thought I was knowledgeable enough to download and pick a ringtone. But to my surprise It was a filetype I wasn't familiar with, I figured it out on my own literally minutes later. No big deal. .I don't want to start an Android-devving dick measuring contest in a Daft Punk subreddit simply because of my ignorance to the .ogg filetype. 
Thank you for taking the high road.
By what name did you go by? I happen to be acquainted with some of the devs that were involved with that and we may know each other ironically.
same name, SilentStormer. Our team was posting in in the general Android app forums on XDA I know there were a few other teams in some device-specific forums so we might or might not know each other :D
Were you involved in writing any code?
some but not as much as others on the team, it was my first real project after learning this kind of stuff and I was still learning (still am).since then I turned the project over to some other people and I haven't checked in on it in awhile.
What the fuck is wrong with you kinda people. Shouldn't you be HAPPY you're favorite artist is being loved by everyone?!?!!?!?.Everyone is so ungrateful now.
How did you make it?
did you use the EL wire with the 1inch cloth tab for inseems, or did you just attach regular EL wire to the surface of the material?
Its just regular el sewn on using fishing line
sorry for the odd lighting, my phone couldnt decide what to focus on, anyways, jacket is pretty much done, working on back LED logo. pants half way done. shoes done, no gloves yet, working on Encore GUY, Thomas is already done.
I can't speak for OP, but I made something similar a while back:
Amazing.
thanks man! I've since added some . to it
Are you making two roosters kiss?
If I were to give you a normal jacket and pay you, would you be able to make me a Daft Punk one?
you're not the first one to ask this. I'm considering it more and more, but be warned these aren't too cheap. I think I put ~150 into the jacket just on materials. Definitely cheaper if you make it yourself..Another issue is that I'm working on another thing currently . which is taking most of my free time. I'm planning on making some pants as well, so anything i'd make for someone else would be at least 2 projects out, if you're willing to wait we could discuss something then
Okay, I think I might try making it my self, but your jacket really is amazing. 
Where did you get the jacket? :)
the jacket its self was just sewn together. its made of fake leather
Sweet, looks great. You have a lot of talent!
oh wow, I've been looking for cheap leather jackets myself but thrift shops never have anything in my size : /
So 3 seperate stations playing get lucky? its really unfortunate they made Lucky the single, Lose yourself to dance or Bring life back to music would have made much better singles.
Me personally, I can't get enough of Doin' it Right but eh, whattya gonna do...
I think Get Lucky is the ideal single; it's much more catchy, light, fun, and the chorus is easier to remember and sing. Not saying the others aren't but compared to those, Get Lucky checks more of those points off which make a single a single.
Lose Yourself to Dance will be the next single iirc.
Yeah, Lose Yourself to Dance, then Instant Crush. 
i hope so. its a great tune.
Wow, that is some fantastic work.  Great job!
Nice
Excellent !
I just realized their first three album colors are also the colors of the french flag.
French flag is blue, white, red. (If my memory is correct).Not red, white, blue..Either way, awesome job on it! 
You can use . for larger gifs. I think its limit is up to 15 MB.
No they aren't.
Someone needs to make an Android boot animation from this (I'll try that now but I won't promise as I've got little spare time)..EDIT: OK, here it is! Link: .OP, I hope you're alright with that, I take NO credit at all for anything, I only pieced it together into a boot animation. The image is rather small-ish, I couldn't quite figure out how to make it larger (but it's, in size, comparable to e.g. the Paranoid Android bootlogo)..Simple instruction (for rooted devices only!): adb push or otherwise copy the file to your SD card or internal memory, then adb shell into the device, su to root if not already, remount /system in RW mode ("mount -o remount,rw /system"), and replace /system/media/bootanimation.zip with THIS file..Different instructions: . replace /system/media/bootanimation.zip with this file (there are a few apps on the Play store that will do this for you, e.g. .)
I'm fine with it. The gif was originally bigger, but I had to resize it down in order to go below 2mb for imgur.
OK great, thank you! I just tried to blow the image up for the animation but it resulted in a 60 meg ZIP which even my N4 couldn't quite handle so in that respect it's even better... 
Awesome. Thank you for doing this.
I only checked out that one and the Too Long remix, but that album seems pretty alright!
those vocals D:
Yeah, I can't tell if his accent is real, or if he's faking it as a homage to Thomas and Guy...
My mind went straight there at the intro, where you here this (almost robotic, and stressed) voice especially at "I need something more"
Great game, but no. It does, however, remind me of 
I can see how this reminds you of Touch. It portrays Gray Fox wanting to "feel" again, to be purely human, but unable to anymore because of his cyborg transformation. Gray Fox is a personal favorite game character of mine. .Thanks for sharing!
HURT ME SNAKE! MAKE ME FEEL ALIVE AGAIN!
In my opinion, this is exactly why they did this. The whole image of Daft Punk revolves around them leaving you wanting more. More more more. 
The idea of the mystery of "who, what, when, where, and why" is so much more alluring than the answer to "this, that or the other thing". If they gave you the video, you would not be asking this question, you would not be making others curious, and you would be expecting more new things instead of returning back to the last item.  And if they are consciously recognizing this, they will never give you everything. Hell they not even give you half of what they got. if you have the time, I think the Ted Talk with J.J. Abrams "The Mystery Box" . Is a  relevant Item to think about when it comes to these matters. I think the mystery of Daft Punk is almost as powerful as the music of Daft Punk. .Or maybe I'm just grasping at straws. 
You're not worthy. 
Because they don't owe us anything. They've done enough
i know, i dont really know why they'd go through the trouble to record a teaser spot and not just make an entire video in the process for release later
Wait for the Get Lucky single release...
The single release that happened 2 months ago?
no, do your homework...
How about you just explain the nonsensical statement you made instead of trying to throw in a shitty pun?
Seriously, be patient, dude. I believe it is in the works.
I think it's in the can, and they will release it some time in the future when the hype has died down. Yes the initial hype is over, but don't forget that Get Lucky is still storming the charts in the US, making it to #2.Pretty much every time Nile Rogers brings up RAM he mentions how the dancers at the video shoot broke down and cried at the return of disco. It's been filmed, definite.
Its not official but I made obe using the SNL clips and collab videos. 
It would be awesome if they wait until Get Lucky hits #1 on the US billboard charts (maybe next week). Then release the video as a present to everyone.
wont be next week. Blurred Lines is still strong.  Radioactive is picking up steam for its highest push and Miley Cyrus's new song picked up with a video.
It just makes me wonder why they're holding it back, like they're going to do something significant and use the video with it.
I think this is the case. I agree with everything you said and I'm completely aware that they are holding it back to keep up the mystery.
What if they want to release a full RAM video,  la Interstella 5555 ? ;)
STOP PUTTING SHIT LIKE THIS INTO MY HOPE-BANK
It would follow suit with the studio albums, I.E Homework had D.A.F.T, discovery had Inerstella 5555, HAA had Electroma (sort of, didn't feature any music but featured their jackets for that period) so we might get a movie and we might not. It would be cool if we did.
Aaaaaand Alive 2007 don't have a full video <\3 Never understood why they didn't recorded the best live show ever..But it make sense if we consider they are doing the opposite of all others artists
I did mention studio albums that only got movies and not remix or the alive albums. Tron Legacy kind of gets a free pass because it was made for a movie.
Of course, I just added the fact that Alive 2007 was the only one who really deserved a video, and it has not. .Do you know an other band, or a single artist who has no concert in video ?
Others don't make a movie from album studio, but records their concerts ! DP do the opposite.
I mean maybe. It, like, .. Like, really really well. 
Pretty sure there isn't going to be one. To paraphrase Thomas from one of their RAM interviews: basically, people nowadays have short attention spans. They decided to go in a different direction with the Get Lucky video (i.e. the 2 minute clip premiered at Coachella) where they only produced a short teaser to grab and hold people's attention and build suspense for the album release. Rather than producing a full length video that people may watch 1 or 2 times, they decided to make a short teaser that led to people watching the video maybe 9 or 10 times. .Now, how that resolves itself with Nile's comments about extras on the set of the video and whatever other rumblings we've heard that might suggest a full video, I can't say, but at this point I wouldn't hold my breath on getting one. I think the sole purpose of the video was to be the most effective marketing tool possible.
... I was listening to Around the World when I clicked on the video link! Best timing ever. Also, that table is pretty awesome! 
I forgot it..Now I want it:
Yes ! It reacts to the sound you're playing, and you just have to connect an AC... Curious to see it working with RAM...
This one is not a coffee table created by Daft Punk but it's pretty cool too. (I still want the original one)
"Formula 1 more time"
Seeing them on the beach made me realize that they must be hot and sweaty as fuck in those helmets.
Oh wow, so in picture #5 it looks like Guy-Manuel has a little more chin than he used to, maybe he's got some fans hooked up to those vent holes? Anybody else got info on this?
Thanks so much, I was wondering if someone would post this :D
Not really DP, but shit, still worth it..Signatune
My favorite Daft Punk Remixes:
Are these for real? I've never heard of them
Yep! I have the Disco Cubizm remix on vinyl....somewhere....
The only tracks I know are the last set of songs on Musique Vol. 1:
Mothership Reconnection
Chord Memory
Forget About The World.Oh and also Daft Punk are remixing Get Lucky which should be out later this month or the beginning of next month.
They're remixing every song on the album in a big remix orgy.
here is what I could remember and find:.Mothership Reconnection.Chord Memory.Forget About The World.Get Lucky (not out yet).Take Me Out.Aerodynamic (both Aerodynamic-Daft Punk remix and Aerodynamite).Life Is Sweet.Get Funky Get Down.Disco Cubizm.Kiss.Robot Rock
I've seen a Daft Punk remix of Intergalactic by the Beastie Boys too
All I can find is that there is a Thomas remix, not a full Daft Punk one.  At least that is what youtube comments are saying.
Ah, thank you for the enlightenment. I wasn't aware of that. Good to know.
more copying from daft pun ?
???
These songs don't sound at all alike to me. 
What the hell
melody sounds about the same
Both sound cool together. 
exactly same progression.. eerie
Stella is sure great synth playing on a guitar.
That's the video VH1 is using when they play Get Lucky, since a few weeks already.
This looks really amateur. Especially the part with Nile and Guy-man looking at each other. 
WHHHHYYYYYYY
They think we won't notice!? 
We have a full music video now, guys../s
I didn't really like this edit. I actually made one for Get Lucky when the Radio Edit first dropped and used Interstella 5555 footage to make a video for Give Life Back to Music once the album hit..Get Lucky: .GLBTM: 
This is terribly made and there is NO way this is even remotely official. The uploader or where it was taken from simply put the MTV logos and whatnot over their own horrible video.
I hope a proper video for this and Lose Yourself to Dance come out eventually.
Yeah, I recall seeing it on VH1 too. And yeah, the video editing here does suck.
Hopefully we get a video for the remix. I don't really see the point for a video for a song that has been out for so long. 
It is an MTV video, I've seen it live on MTV in Australia. I agree - it is horrible and it could have been made by a 9 year old. There is no way Thomas and Guy-Man approved this.
This is also played on MTV in the UK whenever Get Lucky is on (chart show, etc.)
I... I don't know what to say.
I think you meant to say LAWWWWSUIT
hopefully this is just a hoax, like OP said if it's not, it sure is a horrid mashup
This has been the video for get lucky in the UK chart's since it was in the top 10, And myself think its terrible. 
Digital love guy is trying to get lucky, poor guy doesnt know whats commin :(
You mean Shep?
he has a name? :O
Weirdly enough, they . do!
no wai!
Yeah! It's Shep, Arpegius, Baryl, Stella, Octave, and the evil manager is Earl de Darkwood I think.
nice. i knew the manager had a name, never knew the band and rescuer did though.
This is weird - it is mashed up horribly, but they have the helmets at the start and end, which makes it semi-official. I think the real one will be released when it gets to #1 in the US. Hopefully. And maybe Tom Kuntz really did direct it and covered it up, who knows. Nile Rodgers wouldn't lie, unless he was talking about the Collaborators video, but hopefully he wasn't.
I find it difficult to believe that MTV played a music video.
What is this the 90's?

I love it when people stumble upon good music that's new to them
I just stumbled on George Harrison yesterday. Jeez: where have I *. my whole life?
I'm ashamed to admit it but the first time I heard this song(in my shitty old car), I genuinely thought that the lyrics included "mexican lucky". And ever since then I can still hear those lyrics during certain parts.
I thought it was "Alive to get funky" when the SNL commercial came out.

That was funny and cringey at the same time. But hey! At least she likes Get Lucky! 
How long until someone remixes this? .(I have the capacity to do so, I just want to eat food instead). 
she sound old! bless her heart!
I thought it was a little boy
At least she's showing her support.
Oh god she said draft...I hate when people add that damn "r"!!!
My mom does that. I think she says it just to annoy me.
My mom used to call deadmau5 "deadrat" to annoy me. lol
dead-mau-five
I know at least 10 people who pronounce it like that..I hate them.
i hate people who pronounce it like that as well. lol, its irritating
I thought that was the real name for longer than I should have.
Wow..that's ingenious of they ever make a beer lol. Draft Punk
were up all night to get sloppy.... sloppy wasted!
I cringed
yeap, real hard... my brain shivered.
Oh man, this made me so happy. I don't care if she's "cringey", this is someone just loving music.
Daft Punk makes some damn good music, but are not really well known, so i think Guy and Thomas have achieved their goals as artists :D
Not really well known? What?
They are well known for Around The World, and now Get Lucky. 
And Da Funk, and One More Time, and Hard Better Faster Stronger, and Digital Love, and Technologic.
HBFS perhaps, but not the others.
Not as much well known, but, if you played any of these songs for someone, they'd probably recognise it
Are you kidding? Anyone in the western world who was alive at the turn of the century knows One More Time.
At the time, One More Time was as popular on the radio as Get Lucky is today.
I guess their actual names aren't well known.
I can go up to many people, ask who Daft Punk are and they won't know. Show them a picture of the robots and they may say "Yeah, I've seen those guys before!". Play some of their music, and more people have listened to it. I was like this for the longest time. Never knew who the hell Daft Punk was, but I LOVED some of the songs found on Discovery, Homework, and Human After All. I found out about them in 2009, and ever since, I have fell in love with their whole Discography.
We're all a Mexican Lucky
LOL... I hope someone does a parody :P

It's in spanish but here it is

I don't really think that's in any language.. haha
Not really! The only part that makes some "sense" is Uruapan which is a city in Mexico. Really funny.
That's awesome. S-S-S-S-SANGRE, AZT-T-T-T-ECA
 by Jack Poke/Draft Poke/Daft Puna
*BEEP* 
I enjoy torturing myself, links please?
fuck william
It was posted as it's own thread, 
Thanks, man!
i refuse to write his shitty name correctly
you take that back, tom jones is a saint!
I think its the presence of William that diminishes that fact, like some sort of kryptonite to actually talented people.
ahh i hate him, i love how they stuck him with a keytar though because he obviously wouldn't be able to sing it.
those covers of Get Lucky only made me pick Beyond as my favorite song of the album.
You hipster you 
danx bby gurl
Daft Punk's "One More Time" and "Around the World" received the same kind of reception over 10 years ago. They have always had mainstream attention its not like they're some underground artist that everyone on here believes them to be...
I'd like to hear a vocal cover of "Around the World."
Oh no, I know that. Its just always distressing to see something you love being... Decimated, even if it was done with honourable intentions (though this case it seems likely to be an attempt to cash in on the popularity and not artists showing their favor)
It was butchered
I like Tom Jones, but this show has ruined him for me.
Danny was much worse. At least tom was in time with the music.
God, I love Nicolas Jaar, this is such wonderful news.
this needs more upvotes, the whole mix is fantastic
This strikes me as a bit cacophonous.  Not really my cup of tea :/
Can someone explain this? Is it RAM mixed with the Star Wars soundtrack? With Pink Floyd? I'm kind of lost sounds somewhat like some is just in reverse. 
Nicolas Jaar and Daft Punk, what a heavenly combination. 
Fragments of Time is brilliant. Game of Love as well. Fantastic stuff. 
Fantastic experiment, he must've put it all together in under a month, which alone is outrageous talent.
track 11 is the bomb, at two seconds flat! :P
Awesome, I love Nicolas Jaar, he's made some incredible music, this is a great remix.
This is no remix. It's an entire remix of total shit in my opinion. This is someone taking good sounds and turning it into shit sounds. Daft Punk provided amazing original samples to use. These guys passed a stereo waveform through a piece of equipment and made everything sound worse by 10. Uninspired, bland, repetitive, and missing the latest message from Daft Punk on how not to be boring and repetitive.
I love down votes. I really do.
I wonder if anybody know here I can get a Hi-res of the vader/yoda image it rocks!
Wild theory. Them only teasing Loose yourself to dance. Confirms them remixing it on the RAM remix album. 
The beginning is a bit odd yes. Try this one: 
Another reason they made RAM was so they could use their OWN samples without paying royalties. Just wait, they will release their REAL album very soon. Trust me.
Funny how you think about royalties v.s. just being creative and expanding with real recorded sound. This is sound you cannot afford but Daft Punk can..I'm sure Nicolas Jaar and Dave Harrington paid Lucasfilm to release that album cover? It's a publicity stunt of these two dudes riding on the backs of Daft Punk hoping to gain fame by releasing a half-assed remix that sounds terrible..I also cannot see an artist like Daft Punk rehashing the same song samples for the next record.
You cant see Daft Punk using samples in one of their CD's? Oopsie, someone hasn't listened to some well known CD's, such as: Every single DP album
I think you misinterpreted what I meant about repetitive. I was not inferring to sound samples being reused. I'm talking about the song and lack of progression that makes it repetitive - bar measure continually repeating over and over again..Listen to Random Access Memories. There is not loop where a block of music sounds the same as the second. Everything builds, falls, every measure of music has a unique dynamic that makes it different from the next measure. The remix by Nicolas Jaar and Dave Harrington is a loop on repeat after X number of measures and then follows with another part that does the same. No measure has dynamics and interesting underlying textures that make it stand out from the previous measure. I hear something that's on repeat, and I hear little work done. I see these guys as fame hunters by using a Star Wars cover and Daft Punk's success.
You should research the artists remixing this. They are merely remixing the album in their own way. This has nothing to do with star wars or pink floyd. If you listen to the artists' music you would know where they are coming from.
Ok will do. Sorry for the dumb question. The picture and title threw me off. Didn't know if I should be listening to something specific. 
Yeah, not sure what's going on there...
Looks like someone is downvoting people who say they like it. Whoever it is, they sure aren't contributing to the discussion. 
Track 12. That "Doin' it Right" remix. That's how you fucking do it right. (as compared to yesterday's "remix")
This is pretty incredible. 
Track 3 is the winner of that album.
Nope, i don't like it at all.
The last one (The Instant Crush one) reminds me an awful lot about Da Funk and Musique for some reason.There's really an oldschool Daft Punk vibe in it!
Because they have samples of those songs in there...?
Oooh, you're completely right! I guess that explains it pretty well
Have you guys heard the DARKSIDE EP? It's the first release these two dudes did together and it's phenomenal..What do we all think of the album so far? I just got to "Give Life Back to Music," which seems the first proper song. It's rockin' pretty hard at this point..Everyone else?
I enjoyed the whole thing, but my favorite by far was Doin' It Right. It was one of those moments where the music catches your attention and you stop whatever you were doing, sit there in awe while bobbing your head. I'm in love with that track.
This thing is excellent!

Jaar himself makes absolutely wonderful music. Check out his . or even his full LP, .. Lastly, you also might want to check out this . of his. Sorry for nerding out, I'm a huge fan on his music!
This is incredible. Can anyone find me a DL link?!
 might work?
You just made my fucking day!
Glad I could be of assistance!  I think you'll have to go song by song to download them though.
No problem with that, I've been wanting a soundcloud downloader for quite sometime. 
I can only get the two soundcloud downloaders to download the first track. How do I link to specific tracks?.EDIT: Nevermind, I got it. You just click them at the bottom. That wasn't so hard. 
What do you mean click them at the bottom?
On the tracklisting just click the name of each song. 
thank you!
Alternative if that one doesn't work for some reason: 
And if you want an addon right in firefox:
Nice find.
First one was pretty shit, rest were okay. 
They're all really good, but I'd like to see one that isn't a picture of them that we have all seen a thousand times. 
"Dapu Ftnk"?
DAPU FTNK is my new favorite word.
I read "Da Funk" in the first drawing at a glance.
Yeah, not sure who DAPU FTNK is either. 


I think it's pretty dope actually.
Nice Repost
Meh. I've seen people do worse to Daft Punk. For Example : 
Aww no. Why :-(
Oh god, those comments. 
I cried the first time I googled this stuff. .For the brave: Daft Punk Slash
You can buy the issue online from many magazine websites. All will be around the $15 mark. I did a quick google and found a few instantly. Won't be hard to get this magazine
Thanks, I looked online to see where to buy it but I couldn't find anything. Can you link me to somewhere that I can buy it?
interesting interview :) ty for sharing
Oh my. He doesn't look like he's been affected by music piracy, let me put it that way.
I Shared this simply for extravagant pricetag, I was Personal messaged by a fan in Europe with that price offer and the bid was revised specifically for the fan, he paid within the first 15 minutes it was up online. Thanks again random fan, your dough will go a long way
This is dreadful. 
I love Wilco, but this is certainly not their style of music. 
You don't say?
oh the goosebumps again!
And Jonathan Hodgman ..?
From what I understand Wilco is doing a bunch of concerts where their entire setlist is covers for fan submitted songs. Also, all the Pharrell haters should appreciate him more after this. .The guy with the tambourine!
I was at the concert, it was awesome
Triple J facebook page?
"No memes as posts. Memes in comments are OK.".Reading can be fun these days.
Fuck me, the standard of posts on this sub is appalling. Memes should be banned. I cringe when I come on this sub these days. 
This usually never happens. This is an occasion where some ignorant man forgot to read the rules. Trust me, it is a practice practically everybody on this subreddit has shunned. 
Meme it, cut it, paste it, post it... Redditlogic :-(
Based on his comment, I'm guessing he's referring to memes in combination with some other posts/culture of the subreddit. To be honest, I agree. Here are some examples:.However, I could be wrong, he could just be referring to the occasional memes. 
It almost sounds like the robot singing is breaking down and the motor that drives his tongue is broken.
That was really good, tons of detail..I like oysters too.
Chills
This is one of my favorite fan covers. It's right up there with Randy George's theremin cover of "Something About Us".
This is just amazing. I would pay to see this guy on concert. Dear god! Why did he stop!!
Want.

Done.
I have indeed already posted those links.
Here's a . to the skins..I got the helmets from another skin, the suits are my own (I thought they looked better this way). The Thomas original is ., and the Guy Manuel one is ..  .Edit: Spelling
thanks!
Oh sorry.
Props for actually having the right gloves. I still need to fix my friend's because he still has the silver ones from mine. 

I did the same thing the first time, but the other way around. I have Guy Manuel and forgot to do it, so had to re-edit the gloves for Thomas when my friend pointed it out. At least the way round you have it it is less noticeable.
Where did you find this skin?
I found a similar one online, but didn't like the suits so made them myself.
dl?
Coming up!
Hurry!

OP hath indeed delivered. Raisin Bran for all.
I've found . one.
Short Circuit or THE BRAINWASHER
I'd have to go with the whole set of .. Thomas is a beast on that drum machine.DP goes hard live
By Far the most energetic song by Daft Punk is Robot Rock (Maximum Overdrive Remix).
Revolution 909
Aerodynamic
aerodynamic.
The Brainwasher definitely gets me going. It's even better on Alive 07 where they mixed it with Primetime of Your Life, Rollin and Scratchin, and Alive.
Superheroes
High Life always makes me want to move, great energy filled song. Also Derezzed makes me want to fight people with a frisbee.
For me it's definitely Short Circuit
High Life :)
I have to say Contact and Drive. Both songs always get me pumped.
Dude, Areodynamic! At the height of that song, it gets super pumping. Either that or the Alive Aerodynamic/One more time cross
Indo Silver Club.  
I personally think "superheros/human after all" goes hard
Many songs from Alive2007 feel energetic to me. ."One More Time / Aerodynamic" if I have to choose one.
Call it clich... but for me it's "Robot Rock"..I listen to it ESPECIALLY when I play Mechwarrior Online. I like to think it helps me do a bit better. :P
Alive 2007 - Robot Rock / Oh Yeah..When they start building up energy at 4:48 and it all gets released at 5:20. I feel so invincible, goosebumps everytime.
The ending of Too Long :D
Daftendirekt, Burnin', Face to face / Short Circuit [Live], Fresh, High Fidelity, Pheonix, Oh Yeah (.), Steam Machine, Too Long / Steam Machine [Live].
Energetic ? I'll say Derezzed, Aerodynamic, Contact.
Interesting I am actually listening to Human After All, when I read this post .edit : and Technologic.edit : and Robot Rock \m/
from Alive 2007 - Prime Time Of Your Life / Brainwasher / Rollin' And Scratchin' / Alive. ESPECIALLY starting from 5:55
Oh!How could I forget Robot Rock :P.Edit:and Lose Yourself To Dance
And One More Time, how the hell can we forgot One More Time.
The Prime Time Of Your Life, The Brainwasher.
AeroDynamite
Contact
It does get the heart racing doesn't it?
Around the World/Harder Better Fast Stronger by a long shot for me. 
Crescendolls..My favourite song.
The obvious answer is contact. To me, it's one of the only Daft Punk songs that, no matter what volume, sounds really, really loud. In that sort of Swans or Godspeed! way.
honestly shocked to not see this at the top. 
I think from Alive 2007 The Prime Time of your life/The Brainwasher/ Rollin' & Scratchin' / Alive 
That's what I was going to say. The live version of Brainwasher is a much different beast than the studio version.
I feel like Voyager is extremely upbeat and energetic..It's one of the few songs that even when I've just put music on in the background and I'm barely listening, it . gets my toes tapping.
Don't know why people are downvoting you, I agree.
How you upvote/downvote shouldn't be influenced by your opinion in any case.
Don't know if you count Alive 2007 songs, but the Superheroes/HAA/RockNRoll mashup they did for Alive 2007.
That song was pretty climactic, but when it comes to just sheer energy, I'd say either the first or second track brings a little bit more noise, and heavier beats.
If we include Remixes, I vote for the ., completely crazy.
True, but the way they so perfectly build to the climax of that song gets me going every time.  
This. Definitely. One of my favorite tracks from alive 2007
Crescendolls.
One More Time.I know its such a predictable answer, but everytime it plays everyone stops what theyre doing and sings or dances!
Rollin' & Scratchin' is their most sweat drenched, dark abandoned warehouse rave, energetic, lose your phone/wallet/glasses song. 
Does anyone know any other songs like it?
truth
I would say Alive from Homework, or the encore from Alive 2007, Human After All / Together / One More Time / Music Sounds Better with You.
Totally agree about Alive. That drum-beat.
Now that we're talking Homework, how about Phoenix?
Horrible
That was awesome! 
My favorite band covering my favorite song by my other favorite band ever. Is this real life? IS THIS REAL FUCKING LIFE?!
If there was any way to get that last picture (in the dark coats/cloaks) in HD without the text over Guy-Man, I would be so very happy.... 
I wish I could dress like they do.
Mirin' that Saint Laurent
Dapper-ass robots.
Can Someone be a pal and change the text one the 3rd pic so that the top reads DAFT and the bottom reads PUNK?
How do they make them look like they're the same height?
I really really like them in those red jackets... so classy.
3 Years of Italian finally pays off
The robots are flying high.
[deleted]
Different style than they used to have. And because they had to carry around a backpack with wires which was heavy as shit.
too cool
I think the lights are a bit gaudy these days. They look more sophisticated without them..I've been a fan of them since the start, and when they came back on the scene with Discovery and their LED helmets I thought it was the coolest thing ever, but these days I like that they've gone for more understated helmets.
European as fuck
Good gravy. The promotion for this alum continues to be outstanding, not just the general interviews but the pictures. Every photo shoot they have done has had them looking super badass.
[deleted]
again, they changed the style. They don't really like doing the same again. And yes I love the LED helmets the most :)
Don't worry. In the linear notes of RAM, you can see that there are still LEDs (or "Photoelectric Transmitters" for Guy) in their helmets, and I think that we will be seeing the LEDs again, possibly for the remix album. One can hope...
HHHHHHHHHHHMYDIIIIIIIIIICK
Third pic reminded me of Walking Dead's "Don't Dead; Open Inside"
It's not perfect, but here you go 
Could you do one of Thomas, please?.EDIT: wow, just realized that one already doesn't have text over it. My bad
Dude! That is awesome!! Thank you so much!
Our golden champion has arrived!
Man those capes are classy as fuck. 
HD 
Wow, I'm attracted to robots. 
Daft Punk helped me realize that I have a helmet fetish. 
It's a strange thing but I'm pretty sure most of us have felt the same way. Stupid sexy robots. 
I've said it before, and i'll say it again: 
DAPU. FTNK.

It's actually a code all along. It can be translated into "dapper funk" which explains why they look so damn good.
Not on RAM but I've been using HBFS as one of mine for some time now. It starts pretty far into the song when the lyrics really get going.
I am using the first 30 seconds of Doin' it Right. 
The intro of GLBtM works as a ringtone... And great as a waking alarm too... But I would advice you not to, I've made a huge mistake.
I don't really like using music I like as a ringtone, because then I can't really listen to the original song without getting that "jumping" effect like I am getting a call.
Robot Rock with little intro edit 
I'm using the first SNL commercial as my ringtone.
I've got Aerodynamic, but it starts at the beginning of the guitar solo.
This is what I've got going on, except I'm using the 8bit ..
Thank you, now I don't answer calls so i can listen to my entire ringtone! haha 
Any one is the best one. I am rocking doing it right atm. 
I'm using Contact as my ringtone ATM, specifically . and everybody always asks what it is
Ironically, this is the only part of the album that Daft Punk . produce.
I know, I'm tempted to tell people its "We Ride Tonight", but it's just easier to say daft punk and not have to explain who The Sherbs are
How do I go about making the mp3 file my ringtone
Mine is harder better faster stronger and text tone is the "PRIMETIMEOFYOURLIFE" sample
I've been using Get Lucky as my ringtone for a couple months now. It works great!
I've gotten so many great comments about Get Lucky ringtone. Plus it puts me in such a good mood.
i've had the 15 second loop of get lucky from that first SNL ad on march 3rd as my ringtone and alarm since that day, still haven't gotten tired of it
I'm actually in the process of sampling a whole bunch of tracks off of RAM and creating ringtone loops that anybody can freely use. Stay tuned on this sub-reddit for a week or so, they'll hopefully be up by mid next week.
Despite it being not a daft punk song , could you sample that 16 second clip someone posted before release of  what was supposedly lose yourself to dance?
And here it is! 
Absolutely, that should be a quick and painless loop seeing as its absolutely everywhere. I'll do it!
Expect delivery in 4 - 10 business days. .Joking aside, nice job
hahaha I uploaded it about a week ago actually, completely forgot to post it back here! Apologies, enjoy!
My best guess would be that it's original material - there's more original material in the rest the song (I think).
Here you go friend.
I'm pretty sure the they said the only sample on the album was the beginning of Contact.
vanderway remix.
I named my penis the truth.
Because bitches can't handle the truth.
Are you stupid?
Probably. :c
He's asking for the sample of a remix.
So, yes then.
What is this
Just the best summer tune ever
Honestly, it looked like a parody of the SNL ads. The rotating, glimmering text and the converging image. I laughed. .EDIT: They showed it again. Definitely an ABC ad for Rebel Wilson's new show.
From what I'm reading on Twitter, ABC decided to copy the SNL commercials to advertise Rebel Wilson's new TV series. And, well... They pulled it off pretty good!
Any one record whatever it is you are talking about?
I WAS going to record it, but I held off to see if anyone here on . thought about doing the same thing. Guess I was wrong..EDIT: 
It's a new Fall Show promo. 
The fat lady is the main character.  She was a famous singer at one point.  Wilson Phillips maybe?.Team Coco production I think.... 
Other way around
What I've . wanted to know - who does the vocals? The obvious answer would be Bangalter, but we can never be totally sure. It would also to be cool to hear some of their vocals without the vocoders applied.
I only know that Harder Better Faster Stronger is Guy Man's voice. 
Closest you can get atm is a slowed down technologic: 
Well that sounds different. Definitely sounds like Thomas. But I think that they both do the vocals, just on different songs. Some vocals are very low pitched, then there's vocals that are high pitched. But who knows?
Game of love is definatley guy-man. He has a much more heavier French accent. 
The only way to distinguish them as far as I know is by their accents. While Thomas has quite clean English, Guy-Man has a pretty strong French accent. For example I guess at least the beginning of 'Beyond' was sung by Guy-Man.
Bangalter did Around the World, that's for sure
Guy man has always leaned towards disco basslines, and soul-like melodies. Thomas leans towards driving synth leads.
Yes, listen to their solo work. What you said is 100% spot on.
I think the both of them provide their own influence. For example, if you listen to Thonas' solo work, you can listen to Daft stuff and easily hear where he had a heavy hand. His style is very recognizable. I have heard Thomas describe Guy as the editor of the tracks, and that he is behind much of the mixing. 
I don't think it is, Guy Man said on an interview Thomas is much more of the technician.Doesn't really matter - my answer would be Daft Punk makes the music.
The context is important. They talked about how their albums somehow also reflected their personal lives. Whereas the previous albums were closer to Thomas, Guy-Man said 'Random Access Memories' was closer to him. He said Thomas was more the technical savvy guy, Guy-Man is closer to soul and emotion driven style.
I do think Thomas is the technician, but in the Rolling Stones article (I think) it said that from what the interviewer could tell, Thomas created the music then Guy-Man perfects it.
I would be pretty interested to hear this interview if you could dig it up. 
They're both pretty technical from my understanding. Like in the Rolling Stone article about them Giorgio was wondering why they needed three different mics set up for his recording, and asked the technician who would hear the difference. The technician said "no one- but the boys will".There was also a thing in there about how Tomas would be doing something, Guy Man would tell him to change just one chord, and it would sound infinitely better..If you haven't read the article, I definitely recommend it. 
Link to the article?

If it's any insight, the engineer for RAM describes Thomas as a '.'
If I recall correctly, it was an entry to a remix competition of a different band. Others searched for the original submission but it was no longer there or something.
This isn't the original version but here is the 10 minute loop if you want

the answer: Yellowire - Tonight Is the Night (Fincher Remix)
This is not it, this was made after that loop came out.
thank god for you sir.
Thank you!
A user on the daft club found a guy claiming to be the artist. . is his soundcloud. .He stated that the full song is 1:20 long but didn't release it because it wasn't up to his standards. 
Ugh my eyes are too tired for that chromatic abberation in his logo..
iirc, this gets posted every week
Nobody knows what this is from beyond speculation about something with extremely similar sound qualities, but really nobody's been able to produce this sequence in an actual song or remix. .Tonight is the Night by Yellowire (who held a remix contest, so there are a billion remixes of that song) is the song that everyone thinks this is a remix of. 
But NEVER answered!

(that's not an answer, they didn't produce the original, their original isn't even close, and the remixes share some audio properties, but nowhere do we hear the vocal part or the exact melody in the 16 second clip)
It's because this song was chopped up by some hack who doesn't know shit about music and had the nerve to put Daft Punk's name on it since he/she knows they suck so hard at music making themselves.
This is the closest I've found, I believe it's just someone who looped the bit that was in this ad though:.Also, the original is worth checking out, it's rather nice:
Good find dude!! 
It was actually taken from the Beato Remix of tonight is the night (30secs in), not the original song by Yellowire.
But the Beato remix doesn't have the vocal chops, it's just the original audio.
Damn. Now I wish that track was on 
Yeah I heard it before the album was released, was really looking forward to hearing the full thing on RAM. :(
Wait, so was this actually part of an actual discarded Daft Punk track?
don't think so, seems like it was a remix of another song according to other people on this thread
Amazing. Where did you source the footage from? Cant't get over how cool the planet looks from up there!
From nasa, 
Cool thanks, I love NASA! (and Daft Punk obvs).In return, have this audio from Apollo 17, used in Contact!
its magic it didnt happen before
best. fucking. idea. ever. man.
Next time use 1280x720 res and 30 fps.
Not sure I can, those are pictures.  I'll rework it for the resolution, I've just realize the quality is degraded compare to the original files.
That was pretty fucking good.  
Thanks, the quality isn't quite as good as I wanted, I'll rework it with the original files
I'd love to see Fragments of Time!
How about Give Life Back To Music?
keep amimating, i love it :)
Beyond :)
Touch would be sick
Fragments of Time!!
Instant Crush 
I wish they were still as funny and light hearted like this
Oh, I dunno. I think face to face, they're still the same old robots we've always known and loved. 
Excellent start but got weak in the middle. Great ending though. Thanks for sharing.
amazing ! I'm loving these orchestral covers of get lucky
San Antonio dafter reporting in. Too bad we lost tonight
I hope someone here knows the word "Daft" means useless,lazy, and good for nothing... just sayin
BOO SPURS.#HEAT
The refs are huge deadmau5 fans. .... . . 
I don't care for either team, but there was a RAM billboard in Miami...
that helmet is messed up somehow.  I think the jaw is too wide
It looks more like the cheeks are dinted in
man here I am working on my Guy-man helmet and its comments like these that make me A. really nervous about people's criticism and B. become a perfectionist with it D:
Well if it's the first time you've made a helmet (or any sort of diy project) it's going to be shit, and you have to deal with it and then go on and either improve or re-make it, that's just the way it is ; )
yea believe me its a hard learning curve. definitely learning a lot of lessons, mainly related to sandpaper at the moment 
Hello! I'm an experimental bot. .You said: .Unless my code has failed me, I do believe you have used "it's" or "its" incorrectly. In future, use . for possession and . as in "it is". .Have a lovely day! 
In . future.
Both are perfectly correct. 'In future' is more British though.
What's wrong with deadmau5?
NOTHING. It's a joke referencing the GQ interview where Thomas says they wouldn't listen to deadmau5 for pleasure. 

Coming from a huge Heat fan and Daft Punk fan, this is awesome. Go Heat!
I live in Miami and was within a few blocks of the stadium last night (he he within). Last night was crazy.
That's awesome, it was one of the best playoff games I've ever seen. Can't wait for Thursday night, hopefully they carry this momentum with them.
SHOW YOURSELVES SPURS FANS DOWNVOTING ALL THESE AWESOME COMMENTS.
NASA's got nothing on this recording studio
1) Take the sound off from that video and play it..2) Play "Giordio" on another player..3) Enjoy.
That was nice
Number 4 reminds me of 
I kinda liked it, and I thought the Pharrell Williams joke at the end was pretty funny.
That was pretty funny.
As much as the content sucked, the little bits of tuneage were pretty sweet
Expected this to be kinda meh but was pleasantly surprised.
Hehehe I like this! 
This was horrible. The thing that irritates me the most is that every time a new video comes out, it will make the front page of this subreddit.
Oh god, they made a sitcom
two french person talking to eachother in english... with a strong french accent. why ??
I can't be the only one face palming right now. As much as I want to love this.
Don't worry, I am too. I found this to be tragically unfunny.
Where did you get it?
By the way, this is on a 15" MacBook.
From the ending of 2001: a Space Odyssey, by the way.
It took me a little while to see it, subtle and appropriate. 
Random Access Mommies 
Random Access Mammories
Is it the crack? I've never seen that film. Gonna go watch it now..
Here it ., how it looks in the booklet.
Opening up the flap kind of tells you the references. :(
I know them all, but I'll just answer one to leave the rest for you guys. The golden Phoenix is for, well, Phoenix :)
This is on the inside of the Vinyl version of "Homework", FYI
The only ones I see is the globe (around the world), homework... homework, kiss ALIVE and UP YOUR FIDELITY (High fidelity)
I can use that world globe to go "ALL AROUND THE WORLD".
The Kiss concert is "ALIVE".
Both Kiss & Led Zeppelin are "ROCK 'N ROLL" bands.
What's up with that magazine? It says -Up your "(HIGH) FIDELITY"-.
That Dr.Pepper can is so "FRESH".
Is that a eagle? More like a "PHOENIX" don't you think?
I bet that radio is sintonized in "(WDPK) 837FM".
I can do a nice "ROLLIN' & SCRATCHIN'" jam with that vinyl.
The kid in the picture has so many "HOMEWORK"s. What a severe "TEACHERS" he got :(
A Playboy magazine! "OH YEAH", time to get dirty! xD.BONUS: Darlin' is the name of the band formed by Thomas & Guy-man before Daft Punk.
And I have to register in Reddit to post this, but that's another story..
I see a book of matches in the center, which could be used for BURNIN'.
Welcome, friend. You're here to stay.
Welp, you pretty much did my job for me...
Wow this works really well! When I saw Daft Punk vs. RHCP I was hoping for one of their earlier, more funky songs, but you have done it!

I'm still waiting on the mashup of Around the World and Around the World. 
a quick search led me to 
Tried that a few years back, managed to isolate the vox on the RHCP track but the drum fills that Chad plays drowns out vox on attempting though, it sounded OK but not worthy to share.  If someone could guide me to a drum/guitar-free accapella of AATW by the RHCP I can make it happen again, maybe..Basically the verse of AATW is layered on top of the track without the robot vox, I omit the RHCP chorus vox and replace with a chorus of ATW. The structure remains about the same with a little cut and paste to make the RHCP lyrics flow.  Song is same key/tempo as ATW with the lyrics of AATW sped up pitchshifted too..Somebody do this please, do it all and take the credit
[deleted]
This is the first thing I've ever done in the realm of audio mixing, so take it easy on me if you notice any slight imperfections (criticism is still welcome, though)..Inspired by ...Download links:
i was about to give you crap about that, but now im not. very well done, now i can put it on my ipod and listen to it while driving
Yeah, in hindsight, I probably should have referenced the original in the link title -- the deleted comment below gave me flak about it before I was able to get this comment up. I take no credit for the idea of mashing up the two songs, I just wanted to make a full-length version because a few other users here wanted one..Thanks for the kind words, though, I appreciate it :)
Sorry about that -- you beat me to it. I gave credit in the comment I just made. Some people on here wanted a full-length version, so I made it.
Keep RHCP out of dance music. Nothing pulls me out of a DJ set quicker than RHCP or Nirvana.
This. 
This is really good! Thanks for this. If you had thrown some of the vocoder parts in, that would have made the song.
Thanks, I'm glad you like it :D I actually did experiment with the vocoder parts, but I couldn't come up with something that sounded good -- I tried having the vocoder play under the chorus vocals, but that just sounded too "busy" to me. I also tried adding it alone as a bridge (kind of like 3:30 in LYTD), but that seemed out of place. I'm sure there's probably some way to implement it, I just couldn't get it right :\
Dude your car...
These are more HAA Era looking than discovery. Didn't they have backpacks back then? And I don't think they wore leather yet either
The templates weren't made by me, just to be clear. I just modified them a bit.
Those are pretty cool. I think you should do Tron era also.
Good Idea... Thank you. Next up is HAA, then a combined RAM like on the album cover, then TRON.
You know, I could build the stage from "Around the world" and do all the figures..
Guy-Man needs rainbows, it's practically a necessity!
True. Unfortunately I didn't have color ink in my printer, so I had to colorize them by hand. I'll do a new version anyways, this one turned out... mediocre. Bad paper, bad cuts..
Oh thank you for saying so, I was ready to call you on your bullshit for a second there. Instead, nice job making them! Pretty weird to see these turn up right after I posted my Digital Love video in which you will find these little guys.
Can we get more car pics?
... is beautiful
Thanks! It's a Volvo. I glued them on there with a piece of duct-tape, now they'll always be with me :)
Can we get a key for what all the letters mean?
..You mean the letters on the figures? So you know which part to glue to which one, there's 2 letters of every kind.
Making these now!
I was about to go find the old post too, haha.
Thanks for giving credit where credit is due.
You should!
I can already hear the ATW bassline..
Here's the 
Nice, but if I was you, I'd remove the 2 squares above his mouth (top right and top left)
Aye, the smile ruins it, so outdated
He got shot at for dancing. Good job, police.
they outlawed dancing?
Hahaha. That is classic.
The manly dance dodge at the end is priceless.
That's amazing!
That looks like it was a blast.
Nice, art style reminds of 
Awesome wallpaper from . 
Holy crap that site is awesome. Thank you so much for the source, I love literally every wallpaper on that site.
Can't wait for the Red Dead Redemption-Lose Yourself to Dance video to come out!
friggin auzum
Nice ending.
Love it! Good job.
That was really well done. What mod did you use to get that better color grading out of the game?
Thanks everyone!
not sure how the hell you did that, but good job! 
why did you use a cover over the real thing?
Well that sounds like a pile of shit.
That was really great, here's hoping you get the upvotes you deserve
Take downs maybe? 
Yeah I have tired to like this cover but it's just missing.......something for me, I just 
can't put my finger on it.
probably that it's a bad cover?
Really well done! The cover was pretty incredible too.
Reminds me of the classic Detroit Pistons logo
I don't mean to be rude, but that's kind of obvious...
This isn't ...Stop writing TIL every time you find a piece of information.
But he learned it today, ergo TIL. Stop criticizing people for learning things that you think are unimportant and trying to share interesting tidbits on the appropriate subreddit.
I have nothing against learning things. I am completely opposed to writing TIL though since it is meant to make it quickly able to see if a post is posted in .. Also it is completely irrelevant if OP learnt it today or not.

It's very much in sync, but it would be better if you saw the video a second or half a second sooner.
IT!!!
Blink 350
Is the number 350 relevant in any way?
fuck it fuck it fuck it fuck it fuck it fuck it fuck it fuck it fuck it
Glad i'm not the only one who hears that.
They add that little tidbit on Alive 07. ;]
Ladies and gentlemen, this is how we shall defeat the Knights who say "Ni".

There was aerodynamic too... 
Nice!
sweet
Damn, that's super hard to get right.
I wish the creator had delivered on the rest of them. The website says he was going to do a bunch of Daft songs by January, but they never came out.
I wish the same! If you want you can try to contact him 
There's also . if you mind.
that is even cooler, but also more difficult :)
Agreed.  They give you those pauses but it's really hard to figure out when you should break into the chorus.
anyone have these for download?
This is pretty darned pretentious..Decent music for the most part but god damn. Drop the act.
Extremely pretentious.. too bad because the cover itself is quite decent. 
I loved it, Couldn't care less how the guy portrayed himself in the video, Great remix that i will listen to for the next week or two.
Yeah I really loved the sax and everything and was considering sharing this to my friends.... until the guy started singing about how he loved music. He just sounded like one of those 14 year old youtube commentors who comment in old school rock videos about how "they belong to another era" and shit like that.
So, according to these blueprints, Thomas has an organic brain, but Guy Manuel doesn't?
I think the idea was that with guy they just used the head from electroma because he doesn't talk much irl and they made Thomas a cyborg because he does all the talking irl
That's what I think. I also think that it's a really cool concept as well, having a robot and a cyborg work together to make music. I hope we will see more of the blueprints, possibly in a movie, they seem rather important.
small preview: .
full-sized JPEG files: .2830px @ 600 DPI, raw (no post color correction or levels or anything). Via CD booklet..If someone wants to fine-tune them, go ahead!
If I have a scanner, I'd scan my record's booklet. Maybe someone else has a scanner?
based off a pixelated photo I found on google
Do you have the qr machine yet? I want this. 
not yet but I will pm you the design or you can look at this too 
Thanks man! Just hit me when you get it. If you have been playing since the 9th it should be soon. I'm about to get mine!
I'm considering buying a 3DS just for this game and the Mario games.
This game alone is perfect for anyone
I'm just not sure if I want to pay 200 dollars to play it.
Animal crossing is an amazing game
Yes you do ;)
I agree it is worth it.
cool picture, but doesnt remind me dp at all.
I disagree, in a really deep artistic way they can definitely represent DP. I like the way that Thomas's mouth slit has been exaggerated into a full bottom half of a face. It highlights the differences between the pairs personalities. Guy-Manuel hiding back in the shadows avoiding the lime light..I think it's an awesome drawing by the artist, who has chosen to capture Daft Punk in an alternative way but still capturing their unique personalities.
I agree. This is ENTIRELY representative of Daft Punk. Guy-man is the "android", no human parts, and Thomas is the cyborg, half human.
This is brilliant.
Good Repost
Thanks, never heard of this song! 
Are you fucking kidding me...
The song in the beginning sounds like .  by Dada Life. 
I believe what this is about is that during the iOS 7 Keynote RAM stuff was littered throughout the presentation when they were demoing stuff like the music app. At one point I think this image appeared as cover art, but as well all know it was never actually used for the album. I think the speculation is that it might be used for a future release like that supposed remix album that they may or may not be working on. It'd be a weird tease to throw into a weird place but I guess it isn't impossible.
What is this?
I totally agree.
"Do what we want to" Is that what the robot voice says? Is this a hint at something? It also sounds like something else is said before, but I can't understand it.
100% sure that's the actual song playing.
Mysterious, are you sure?.We know this cover since the first teaser, and it's in the beginning of the collaborators vids.
no, not exactly
What is this supposed to be acctually?
Fake, yes?
I think that's what's actually playing.
:.
.
.
.
.

Sounds like .. That would mean it's a bit from a Dada Life song of the same name iirc. 
Not sure what this is supposed to be. But even more confused what the relation to iOS 7 is.
We saw this cover during Apple Keynote, discovering iOS 7
"that which issues from the heart alone will bend the hearts of others to your own" -Faust
Direct link to .mp4 file:
If I download the webplayer to watch the full movie, is it gonna load my browser with a bunch of toolbars and search engines that I don't want?
Where did you get that frame? It's really nice.
Hey what are the dimensions of the poster? 
Aaron Brothers Art & Framing. :)
I'll be doing the same when mine comes in. Now just to figure out how to frame the 5 foot standee...
Nice 
Put it in a pod, . :P
Gimme
A shop near my house has one, but I'm pretty sure they intend to keep it. Yours looks great, though!
11 x 17 inches
Where did you get that? I NEED it
I got it on eBay. I think there are still some left if you want one!
Thanks man!
Mushrooms by Moroder 
you shouldn't be on the mushrooms at work 
That's really nice. Nice font and it kind of matches..When you see those letterforms in that way it really helps you hear the word in Giorgio's voice..Now just need to find the perfect font that goes with the way he says Sythezizer and Discotheque
Nice work!
Just because DP wore leather jackets doesn't mean that wherever you see a leather jacket its related to DP.
jacket, gas mask, headphones.yep, it's daft punk
I can't find New Leaf anywhere.
Their jackets are specially made and pretty unique 
You can download it on the eShop if you have enough credit.
Have you played Wild world? How do the 2 compare?
Yeah, but that requires so much memory on the system.
I looked at the data for it, the game is 6,000 blocks. Every 8 blocks is equal to 1MB, 6,000/8 = 750, or .. If that's in your range, go for it.
If you liked WW, you'll love New Leaf. It's essentially the same as every other Animal Crossing game except with 
Could you use a second sd card for it?
Probably? It might cause some problems, so you might want to look into it.
I actually found the game today. Any chance you could give me the QR code for the leather jacket?
I'll be sure to, thanks for the other info.
I didn't unlock the QR Machine yet, but I'll keep everyone posted once I'm able to get a QR code for it.
Awesome, thanks.
Ask and you shall recieve. 

'somebody get me the number for 911!!'  - H.J.Simpson
even Todd Edwards is following this guy, lol
To quote the bio: "The official account of Daft Punk Album out now #Daftpunk." He's not claiming to be Daft Punk, he's claiming to be the album.
Why? Who gives a shit. Stop getting upset over trivial things. 
To quote 4Chan: "We're not your personal army."
they were present in F1 race in Monaco
I saw A vine of them in New York, while they were doing some kind of video shoot..Before anyone gets excited it could have been anything, it doesn't mean that they were shooting a MUSIC video.
And during the Rolling Stones interview, there's some footage of them (with masks).
They actually "showed" their faces at a columbia record party... 
Would you be able to link me to this, if possible?
 It's a really crappy photo though.
Thanks!
No problems :)
Thomas transformed into a hobo in like a year and a half. .Guy-Man is still adorable 
They confirmed it wasn't 
Yeah I just read that too :-/ They said it wasn't a music video but still something top secret :-D.I found that vine btw 
I also made it :P 
I got the idea from a pic that . posted here and thought it would be cool the make.
You can take a screenshot in-game by pressing f2.
And access them by typing in run in the search bar through the start menu, then hit enter, then type in %appdata% and then accessing your .minecraft folder, and then proceed to screenshots
Oh this was made on the Xbox version!
just no
please use search or something, we dont need 3 threads for same thing man.
Contact because for the last sing on the album the ending is great and the build-up is quite frighting because of the back story and also the drums and organs are amazing.
I love within it's very... calming and to me it has a great tune also the game of love
Instant Crush, it makes this emotion build within me, its nice.
Do we have to have one of these threads every week?
I'd say Fragments of Time, it stands on its own very well like Get Lucky. I love Touch but I look at it as it wouldn't be as good without the rest of the album around it.
Apparently, yes.
Quick! Which 'Favorite RAM track?' thread was your favorite?.Mine would probably be the one from a couple weeks ago, posted by whatshisface.
Beyond. The last 2 minutes gets me every single time. Always.
Get Lucky. I don't know why, but the vocoder part is just soooo good.
Twitter should have a 'verified fake' badge too. Kind of like genuine fakes in the art world
good.
just look at their profile image (i guess that's what you would call it).dat resolution.
They confirm on FunRadio : No twitter account.
How do we know the interview was with the actual Daft Punk?
Seriously man ?
We recognize their voice now, and it's real radio, they won't interview fake daft punk.
I thinking he was joshing you bro :) 
Yea probably..
Most definitely.
 - .Obviously, they will have to wait more than all night....
'insure'.If you're gonna fake it, then fake it well at least.
I thought that was easy to tell by now, official accounts are verified.
Paul William's isn't.
Yep, however this one claims that "Our marketing crew is working on our verification and I insure we will be verified soon."
You're right, but to avoid confusion we need to stop this..Many celebrity have RT/followed some fake account.
For example @TheRealDaftPunk got RT by Niles Rodgers
This is BS
Just hope that twitter can do something about this.
I guess we need to contact someone at Twitter HQ.
Or someone at Columbia Records..
You guys don't need to do anything. Official accounts are verified with a blue check, it's as easy as that. .You can't stop people from making fake accounts. Now, if a fake account got verified....then that'd be something. But this is hardly a big deal. 
There's 28k people who got fooled.
Celebrity gets fooled.
Fans gets fooled..This is a bidg deal.
We (fans) have the right to defend the image of Daft Punk.
I think i will have to translate Daft Punk interview, so you can understand my point. 
Lots of minor celebs, mostly VAs and TV actors, don't have verified accounts.
thanks for letting us know i guess
I would love to hear it without the background music. 
Congrats! It was on my front page when I just logged on! Keep up the good work!
you are very very welcome c: you are so so talented 
You are welcome.
Mine does the same. I thought it was dust, but if you're having the same problem it might be the vinyl. It seems like it skips back, then loops that.
Your turntable is most likely not able to play the heavy bass. You may need a new turntable. I recommend an Audio Technica AT-LP120. It's fairly cheap and never skips.
Lemon pledge for cleaning
You need to do a few things. Personally I find the pressing to not be great but it definitely shouldn't be skipping around, and you can stop this with a few modifications. The issue is probably a combination of both your turntable not being entirely stable and the record being less-than-ideal quality. Most records won't have too much of an issue being played on it but because Homework is more bass-heavy and sensitive, it will amplify issues with your setup and the pressing itself. Here's what I think you need to do:.If you have any other questions regarding vinyl and sound, don't hesitate to ask. I love helping people appreciate music more.

Same here, especially on Around the World. Try using a lint free cloth (I use an eyeglass cleaning cloth) and run it around the record. IIRC, the album was unusually dusty, right out of the shrink wrap. It could just be dust causing the skips, in which case the quick dusting with the cloth should help.
What turntable do you have? Same issue happened with me with the ATLP-60. If you can adjust the tone arm, set it to track heavier, but only slightly, like .2 gram increments. 
Thanks! I will give it a whirl
I like his take on the chorus. Thanks for sharing!
This is the right stuff.
This is much better than I expected it to be. Good job.
... it's a bland bar-band cover.  
Wrong.
Its great being able to understand the lyrics now!
This song's lyrics are really hard to understand, but Daft officially released them. This guy gets some of them wrong, but they still sound very similar. 
Yeah they're in the CD booklet, after reading them I still found it hard to understand them :L
I really like new slaves
I haven't liked the last three Kanye album, but this one is really good. The ending track is probably my favorite "Bound 2" on first listen with the opening track "On Sight" a close second. I'm guessing if Skrillex is on this album maybe track 8 "Guilt Trip"? 
I heard Skrillex co-produced "On Sight."
I'm not seeing any credits to Skrillex. Was it just a rumour?
Which tracks did the Balmy Chintz produce?
Fo' the lazy, . for those who detest scrolling down, and here's the robot-produced tracks:.It begs one to wonder if Kanye had a purpose in grouping 4/5 of the DP-produced tracks in the beginning.
The first three mate
On Site was grimy as hell, sounded like it was a Human After All reject. (I mean that in a good way, I liked HAA.) .Black Skinhead was excellent, but I preferred the SNL version. It seemed quicker, less relaxed, and more intense. Both versions' drums were on point though. 
yeah the tracks Daft Punk produced remind me of Homework and Human After All...
On Site was co produced with Skrillex aswell.
Why are people downvoting me?  I'm being serious I did this on my phone...
That's nice honey
Bless his heart.
I can't tell if this is serious or not.
Well for something done on a phone and for my first time ever doing this...  I think so.   I like it.
Very nice, like the Discovery-type artwork. 
wat
For phone-work, actually pretty good. At first glance it looked like an hour project on Paint.NET.
all day? are you sure?
I did it on my phone Mr. criticism...

I thought it was tomorrow, but it's been very quiet.
Really? I heard it was . 16th not June
July 16th
I believe it's supposed to come with the original version, radio edit, and remix.
I'd love to see what the cover art is going to look like too, they're using such a low quality image, it makes me wonder if that's a placeholder?.Regardless, I'm gonna have to order this one, and whatever comes next, and next, and next, damn vinyl - you so expensive.
 16th, not June 16th.
I thought it was July 5th.
nooooooooooooooooooo, the sound of crushed dreams.
Classic July and June messing with my mind
Former daft punk project modernized just in time for summer
This link won't stay Purple!! D=<
I've actually met him personally! He's from where I live (Idaho) and went to high school with my cousin. Doesn't surprise me that he knows good music, he's an incredible guy.
Why is this photo on Flickr? I think it took 15x longer to load it.
damn kid you need a blog
Why is one message from october, and the other from december?
Semi unrelated but I've had famous people reply to my tweets before too but as a private message like with you. I wonder why they do that as opposed to just replying in a normal tweet..Either way, that's awesome!
Adam Carolla replied to me once in a DM but to be fair he's bad with computers and reading.
I would imagine with PMs he doesn't have to get confirmation with his PR team.
It was the first photo I've put on Reddit, wasn't sure how else to do it. What is a better way?
The kids these days are using imgur.
I take it imgur is faster? More reliable?
Imgur seems faster to me, I had a hell of a time pulling up the flickr pic on my phone when I tried, had to view it on my PC when I got home.  (it is a pretty cool pic though, btw) :-)
You also don't need an account or anything. You can share on Imgur anonymously and quickly.
Well I don't tweet him everyday haha.
Also, the question the other answer is in response to was, "Which NFL team do you support?".
I was hoping it was baseball :(
Aaron Paul just seems like an all around awesome guy
I was amazed he replied nevermind private messaging me.
don't you have to be in mutual follows with someone to DM them? so that means he also followed you, which is pretty cool
If I was following you on Twitter, you could DM me. But if you weren't following me, I wouldn't be able to reply. So for two people to have a conversation in DM, they would indeed need to be mutually following. 
I don't think he follows me but my profile is "open" (if that's the correct term) so anyone can message me. I couldn't reply to him privately so I assume his profile is "closed".
I suppose he must have followed me to me reply, because I'm almost positive he doesn't follow me now.
He never had to follow you. You're following him right? That's how he was able to message you. 
Yeah! Robots Bitch!
I hate that Kanye covered his face too. What a douche!
He didn't even do it right, he just covered his mouth and his nose...
Too bad Pharrell and Kanye suck! Id cover my face too around these two hacks!
i don't know man, honestly i think pharrell did some pretty fuckin good vocals on ..
No.
What's so misleading about this picture to warrant the tag?
what about the girl to the left? 
look at guy-man's locks
which one of you is an intern at Consequence of Sound? 
Yeezus Christ people hes joking
Is that a Tycho t-shirt?
kanye ruins it
How?
he's just daft
Source:
This picture is from a year ago?
Yup, read the title!
Then why is the post from nearly two years ago? This picture is not a year old. It's from around the time Stronger was released. 
 corrected me above, I figured since the post was posted on . around a year ago it was from that same time.
Blah blah blah repost etc.
Those Daft songs off Yeezus are fucking great!
Which ones are they?
first 3, then another one, not sure yet: 
I Am God, Black Skinhead, and Onsight.
Where can you find the info that daft punk produced these songs? 
Wikipedia, and it's been floating around Reddit for a while.
Google it? 
Thanks! I wasn't doubting you I was just curious and I tried searching but didn't find anything conclusive. thanks again
Kanye's pretty far from daft; he's a brilliant producer and musician. His ego gets in his way, but that doesn't stop him from being a great artist.
He went through a phase where he created a lot of bad press for himself with his racist tirades (like the Taylor Swift outburst). People who had never even heard of him before hated him after all that.
woah i wouldnt say Kanye West was ever racist.
Does . count? Not trying to say that you're wrong or anything, just genuinely wondering
no.  Kanye was making a legitimate observation much of what he said there was true.  
I don't know if he is or he just had a penchant for speaking before thinking (and also really don't care one way or the other), but googling "Kanye West racism" reveals page after page of speculation, accusations and even some fans agreeing that he is racist, but defending it..So it's not something I made up because I don't like him. I have nothing against him..Edit: I should clarify that 1) I live in England and I think race relations are a little different here (though obviously I'm not saying that racist doesn't exist) and 2) people who aren't racist sometimes say racist things and 3) sometimes things that sound racist is just the truth..And I'm not just trying to dig myself out of a downvote hole, feel free to downvote. I'm just trying to explain what I meant. Cheers!
Kanye's ego is why I love him. And his talent, but mostly his ego.
Great artist, asshole person.
Why is that douchey? He's just having a little fun.
Yeah, looks like he's laughing.
Because he has no style of his own and has to copy others.
Say what you will about being him a douche, Kanye is incredibly creative and talented in what he does. DP has worked with him on 2 (iirc) songs, . and .. From what I've read, I can assure you that DP holds no grudges against Ye. Any friend of DP is a friend of mine. 
Actually, they worked on a few songs on Yeezus.
On Sight, Black Skinhead, I Am A God, and Send It Up were all worked on by Daft Punk
WTF listen to my beautiful dark twisted fantasy and you'll eat your words.
Calm down son and eat some cereal
I read that whole back and forth in meme form
Bran Flakes?
It's Raisin Bran.
I get the feeling he's more of a Frosties kinda guy
Guy is so adorable. He always has been and always will be. 

Yes thank you, more proof of this fact.
He's so tiny, like a li'l action figure or something
Pharrell didn't get the memo.
Or Pharrell don't give a fuck.  He don't let nothing hide his beautiful phace
"If you guys would've told me about this, . i would've done it too! Bitches."
Who is that gay fish on the right?
I don't know why this joke would still come up. It's never been funny.
Never gets old. Hah!
It does, and did
It was never funny
Hey look at me, gay fish joke hahaha so funny L0L i'm so randooom.. 
good god. 
so brave
it's not funny anymore, try diff'rent jokes
"Choke a South Park writer with a fishstick"
Where's his damn croissant?
Tell 'em hug and kiss my ass, X and O
And kiss the ring while they at it, do my thing while I got it
Add strings for the dramatic ending of that whack shit
Ixnay off my dixnay, itchbay
The picture is by the way from the Louis Vuitton Spring/Summer '08 fashion show from back in 2007..Where they played . magnificent mix.
Another great mix in the style of this is Justice's "."
That's cause Planisphere was done for a fashion show as well!
(And in my opinion, much better)
Dude that mix and that mix alone is how I became a RATATAT fan
I'm sorry for my ignorance but, what his this to do with RATATAT?.Edit; ah I see now. :D

I came across their work through Kid Cudi's Pursuit of Happiness. Such a chill song. And you can draw a line through Kanye's label and himself to this pic. 
Favorite: Something About Us or Voyager or Doin It Right.Least favorite: I'm going to get so much hate for this, but I have to say Contact. 
F-Voyager
L-I didn't really like within.
Favorites:
* Contact
* Doin' It Right
* Get Lucky
* Human After All
* Technologic
* Robot Rock
* Emotion
* One More Time
* Aerodynamic
* HBFS
* Face to Face
* Too Long
* Daftendirekt
* Da Funk
* Around the World
* Rollin' and Scratchin'
* Teachers
* High Fidelity
* Assault.Least Favorites:
 - There's too many to choose but:.Television Rules the Nation/Cresendolls.Voyager.Get Lucky.HBFS.Around the World/HBFS.Burnin'.Teachers.Instant Crush.Giorgio by Moroder.Give Life Back To Music.--- Some of my faves. - Rolling & Scratching or Rock & Roll
Favorite is Give Life Back to Music. Least is Steam Machine. 
rollin and scratchin is my fave
I don't like Rollin & Scratching on Homework but the Alive 2007 remix is awesome.
rollin and scratching TT
My least favorite is Superhereos.  I usually don't mind repeating songs too bad, but that just drives me insane..My favorite is Crescendolls.  It's so happy and upbeat! :D
Aww man. The vocals are only half the song. Do you like the other half of it? I honestly think there are worst songs that are repetitive by DP. 
The other half is okay.
But the vocals part gets stuck in my head, and then I have that "SOMETHIN'S IN THE AIR" repeating in my ears for hours.
"Horizon" the bonus song on the Japanese release of RAM is incredibly good, one of my favorites. 
favourite: Face to Face (good vocals, nice sampling).Least Favourite: Robot Rock (repetitive, bad sampling)

The sample in Contact is really cool, but I have to agree with you in that it's quite a bad song by DP's standards.
Its a very different track if you listen to the narrative aspect of the album. Contact is not talking about a UFO, but instead describing a disco ball..Now go re-listen, you won't regret it, promise :)
...Woah... O.o now i feel like an idiot! 
My favorites are:.Around the World.One More Time.Face to Face.Too Long.Human After All.Robot Rock.Technologic .Give Life Back To Music.Lose Yourself To Dance.Instant Crush.Touch .Get Lucky.Fragments of Time.I only have one Daft Punk song I particularly dislike and that's Steam Machine. I don't mind it that much in Alive 2007 but in HAA it drives me nuts. It's the only song out of all 5 albums that I'll skip. 
No least favorite, they have no bad songs!.Favorite is Touch.
If I could, I would make Touch my double favourite. Its just two good. 
Favorite has got to be Face To Face. The sampling is done so well..Worst is Rock n Roll. It sounds like a 12 year old's first attempt at dubstep.
CHECK OUT THIS DUNCE 
I woudn't give you ten Oudaden.
No need to get grumpy.
Kinda funny, since Crescendolls is just as repetitive as Superheroes. :I
There's just something about Superheroes man...
To be fair, repetitive music is definitely a lot easier to handle than repetitive vocals.."SOMETHING'S IN THE AIR SOMETHING'S IN THE AIR SOMETHING'S IN THE AIR SOMETHING'S IN THE AIR SOMETHING'S IN THE AIR SOMETHING'S IN THE AIR SOMETHING'S IN THE AIR SOMETHING'S IN THE AIR SOMETHING'S IN THE AIR" Yeesh. I'd rather go listen to the Manilow track they sampled from in the first place.
CHECK OUT THIS DUNCE 
Around the world, around the world...

Someone contacted a Saint Laurent rep and was told the suits are made only for serious orders. If I remember correctly they're about $6000 a piece.
Yves Saint Laurent made them custom for the Robots.

They actually are selling a limited number of them, but I believe it would cost you close to 10k USD
This is true, I saw the Jacket for sale somewhere for around $4k
From what i see, Thomas appears to be shorter than Guy-Man in that vine clip. So, i'd say it's fake.

No. Fucking. Way.
How about no 
Definietly a Daft Punk tribute. They're not even wearing their sequin suits.
I agree
the fact theyr'e jumpin and waving their hands is actually the proof that its not DP
from all of their live's i've never seen them doing this...ever...
Come on, stop being so melodramatic. Your life isn't .. All these histrionics are so childish.
THIS IS A SIGN. Although in an interview with Pete Tong, they were unsure about touring. But if they did a show in Stockholm, not Paris, London, or Los Angeles  , then they might actually tour. I just want to see these guys perform before I die. 
Pretty sure they don't mix like that and jump up and down with their hands in the air when they do. .The good thing is, it probably wasn't them and you're life isn't over!
One can only hope. But if someone could afford (hypothetically) to book them to a private party, it's spotify :(.Edit: Confirmed to be two employees of said streaming service, sorry guys! 
 Thomas
tl;dr - No, that's not Daft Punk. It's just two random dudes dressed up as them.
I really doubt this is them

It's from Phantom of the Paradise, well worth watching btw.
Sounds about right 
It's Faust from the Phantom of the Paradise soundtrack. After seeing the collaborators video I watched the movie and listened to the soundtrack, but what upsets me is the versions of the song they put on the soundtrack. There are two versions: one is the rendition by Winsolw (Wililam Finley), which uses only the piano like that clip from 1:00, and the other is the rendition by Swan (Paul Williams), which uses Paul Williams's voice like in the Collaborators video, but has all sorts of other instrumentation in it so to me it sounds more like a cheesy disco song instead of a beautiful piano ballad. I wish there was a version with Paul Williams's voice and only piano playing in the background. Also the piano playing on Finley's version isn't great either..The only other version I could find was a cover by Comedies Musicales here: .. I actually like this one the best. The piano playing is so much better and the vocals are good. I just wish there was a piano-only Paul Williams version!
Yeah I was hoping that the song would be piano and Pual singing. 
What I really want to hear is a piano version that sounds slightly electronic like how the clip in the Collaborator videos start. That would be fucking perfect.
A funny observation.  Keep the faith OP. 
That's been there since .. You fail, OP!
we've come too far
to give up who we are <3
[deleted]
Holy autism batman, no shit this isn't because of Daft Punk
Not sure if you're being sarcastic, but probably because there is no connection...
I understand that if the joke has been posted before, then this is a stupid post. But I don't see how that feature being there since 2001 matters at all, it's not like he could have made that joke before the Daft Punk song came out.
...That was meant to be sarcastic.
I... I don't think that has anything to do with Daft Punk?
Why are you downvoting this guy? "I feel lucky" on google has existed for as long as I can remember. It has nothing to do with Daft Punk.

We're up all night to GET LUCKY.
The key phrase here is "We're up all night"
Jesus Christ. Google has had that feature forever. Stop trying so hard.
Get Lucky (remix by daft punk) - 10:30min.Nice ! 
:)
Le Mouv' : Why modifying the Voice of the Strokes singer ?
Le Mouv' : 
Is there a Live coming with the album ?
Thomas Bangalter: No.
Le Mouv':  What do they think about the Oasis singer when he said: "Get Lucky ? I can write that in one hour".
Amazing. But if you want feedback, Guy is too tall and his head is slightly off to his right. Seriously tho. Gorgeous. 
WOW!!!!
Congratulations, you just painted my new Desktop background
Could you make a 1360 x 768 one?
I love it! Great job!
Brilliant!!!  Keep it the way it is.  Would love this as a desktop background.

That's beautiful!
This is great, but shouldn't Thomas be the one with the guitar?
MOAR!! Seriously though this is nice, you should make some more like it!
Its amazing
Thanks man, I'd given up hope and botched up one of the other ones myself.  This one is much nicer :D
Love this.
haha, i actually immediately made this my fb cover photo
Neato! Glad you like it. 
I dont really have an eye for art but it looks very good! That said, the background is pretty boring and perhaps something could be done with it to make it a bit more interesting. Like I said thought, its very good even without a dedicated background.
I would definitely add more splashes of color to the outside of the duo too..but that said, I love this. c:
Don't add anything to it, OP. It's perfect as it is. Would make one hell of a framed giclee print! I'd hang it on me wall.
Love it! If you change something, you should remove the red and blue spots on their shoulders. I think having the helmets outline the negative space would make it pop.
I like that idea. 
This is going to sound so fucking stupid, but the whole thing makes them seem too human. There, I've said it. Yes I know they're not actually robots. Downvote me to oblivion. Everything else is kick ass; the composition, the coloring, the balance, the shading, the accented lines, all awesome. But as a fan, I just can't picture the duo sitting Indian style working on music without a wall of gadgetry surrounding them. Still, keep up the good work.
Doesn't sound stupid at all! I agree it is a very romanticised image of them , and there is no way this would ever happen. Though I heard Homework was created in a bedroom? .Anyway, I tried to ignore the unreal-ness of it in order to create a feeling... something sort of intimate and sweet, and the image of them surrounded by wires and it not being clear whether they are coming from the instruments or the robots or both.  Also, not to get pretentious, but I find the dissonance between human and robot an interesting one..Thanks for the feedback. :)
Love it, maybe put something in the background... music waves, lyrics, note etc.. great work!
I really like the looseness of your linework and the variation of line thickness. Figures are pretty well thought out and marked down..Personally I would like to see this cleaned up by getting rid of the black scribblies inside, they look rather haphazardly done just to fill in the figueres quickly - it kind of detracts from the image. BUT I would like to see you keep the original blue draft pencil linework, because it's a nice fluid skeleton for the image and it evokes traditional medium - it's presence could fool people into thinking it was done on paper, which is always nice (fooling people into thinking digital is traditional is pretty hard to do, even with nice digibrushes)..As for the watercolor effects I would have to say you should go all the way or not at all, unless you can give context for the colors being there in a halfway capacity - perhaps if it emanated off of the instruments or their persons like an aura? Or maybe they're in color and they're bringing the area around them to life?.This concept is well worth doing several variations: just clean lines, full color, partial color, and some in-between and experimental stuff..Also, the horizontal placement is pretty good - rule of thirds and all.
I would change the vertical placement though, lowering it towards the bottom makes them feel more grounded like they're sitting down - right now they're kind of floating to the top of the frame. At the bottom of the frame your eye naturally falls and rests on them, but how it is right now the image is kind of top heavy (especially with all the color at the top too) your eye darts up to the top and then gets drawn down toward empty space, which draws attention to the lack of a background/grounding. If you move them down it will diminish the need for a substantial background almost entirely. Or hell you could put the figures into a long, thin vertical piece with them at the bottom and come up with something muscial/technologic to fill in the open air above their heads..What you have is a really great start, you just need to clean it up and decide what things you feel would add to it. Keep it up!
Sorry, just reading this again and must tell you again how much I appreciate it.
That's probably the most constructive criticism I've seen in my life.
I really, really appreciate your feedback. Thank you very much!
No problem!
ty.:_).I try my best
Looks sick! My new desktop background. TY!
I see you have a tinge of color for Guy-Man's helmet, which is nice, but how bout the same exact treatment and amount of color for Thomas?  Or is that already there but I just can't tell personally?  Also, Guy-Man appears to look like he might be taller than Thomas when it should be the other way around.  Not sure if this comes across to anyone else though.  Or if it matters.
Guy man's gold helmet is easier to see than Thomas' silver helmet. It's there, just harder to see.
1920x1080 plz op

And Then GOD said the OP Shall deliver, and he did.
How about 2880x1800? By the way, looks like the right side got cut off in this 1920x1080 version compared to your original post pic
I'll try to get you that resolution too! I was trying to space it all nice-like for a desktop orientation, what with people usually having a bunch of icons on the left side and all.
Didn't know whether or not you were going to PM relatedartists that resolution or post it, but if you're not posting it, could I be sent a link as well?!  :)  Also if you have one in a high res, but positioned the same as the original, I would absolutely LOVE that.  Thanks a load for posting this, I think it's absolutely smashing!!!
 Thank you! :)
Holy shit, this looks awesome on the desktop.  Thanks a million!!!!!  Keep up the great work!!

A very light "Daft Punk" logo in the background or the RAM album cover somehow if you could do it right. It does need something else in the empty space. Possibly some integrated circuitry fading as it gets near our robots.
I just randomly visited this sub and got drawn to this. I am very much in love with it. 
Maybe a bit more colour on the hands?
Other than that it looks really good.
All my upboats.
Loved it. Some of the best work i have seen from corel painter!
Could you make a wallpaper for Android?.Possibly place it in the centre. I'd die to get a wallpaper like that. 
Yeah, I see your point. I was thinking that a background might compete too much though... I wanted to leave it minimalistic. :) 
I agree with Madien's point.. I think overall I like everything. The background is a bit plain for my tastes, but it could be because it's not "framed" in the right setting possibly in the metaphorical or literal sense..Like if I saw this in a picture frame, I may not think anything is missing..Overall, love it. 
Agreed. I like how there is some texture, but not much more, so your attention goes to the robots.
Sorry, i can't help you..I like it the way it is.

Get lucky was playing while going to commercial during the NBA finals on Thursday.
Apple constantly used the album in WWDC. They played get lucky many times and also played loose yourself to dance (I think) as everyone was walking in.
For some reason I didn't find it too surprising. The music that caught me at WWDC was Muse in the Mac Pro vid. Made me so happy :)
As a fellow muse fan I agree. I'd love to hear some Boards Of Canada or XXYYXX but I doubt that will ever happen. I'd die with happiness if they played . or ...Until then...
Not to be a party pooper, but the chances of MLP remixes being played during media events is highly unlikely..Now 
They used Get Lucky for all the promo photos to show off the Music Player
They also used it to show of Siri car integration. ."Play 'Get Lucky'."
One day the dream will be a reality....
. PLEASE APPLE!!!!.Like the remix, a little brostepish but still very cool!
yeah the album version w/o vocals. i liked that. 
Sony's press conference at E3 played Give Life Back to Music when introducing some exec. I like that one too. 
this one is far more substantial
mouse pad? 
No it's a little fan to keep you cool while waiting two hours for your wrist band. The hole is for you thumb. Sorry for the shitty photography.
By the way, that Sharpie you see in the picture wasn't used to color the wood. I used acrylic paint.
Wow that looks awesome!
Thanks!
 
Looks legit
Im up all night for the kill
Im up all night for the kill
Im up all night for the kill 
Im up all night to kill those fuckers
No hate to either of 'em man.
Origin: .He does a bunch of these as a joke, mostly making fun of people who consider themselves "real DJs" for using CDJs or turntables, and also for considering anything that isn't EDM to be garbage.
I've seen these on 4chan so often, it's not even funny anymore. 
who is skrillex again? seriously who's that guy
This troll picture is atleast a year old. Come on now.
If we would make a correct version of this, what would it say?
Lol I remember when that was first posted on 4chan in a rage thread. Don't worry guys.
Not only is this an obvious troll, but even daft punk has expressed their like of Skrillex because he is doing something different that he hasn't completely polished yet.
Not sure if troll or retard...
Fake as fuck.
Not true- I've seen plenty of girls wearing it too..Edit: DISCLAIMER- I actually think Skrillex is a cool guy. Note this before you try to maul me.
trolling so goddamn hard
Oh im about ready to open up a big ol' can of WHOOPASS up in here...
Ha, my friend sent this to me a week ago. Had a good chortle.
He was either drunk, high or joking.

KILL IT WITH FIRE.
DAE HATE SKRILLEX
This is a very popular joke on 4chan, it's satirical. 
should be r/cringepics
R/cringepics anybody? But in all seriousness my immediate response after a subtle eye twitch was just the good ol' "LOL wat."
Mh hm  just as i thought a joke just like skrilexcrement
Top lel.
Did Skrillex actually invent dubstep though?
Dubstep evolved from Dub somewhere in the UK underground years ago. .Skrillex is barely even dubstep.
I will go cry nao
Congrats, you posted in a troll thread. 
......
Yes, in the beginning came Skrillex, than his son Deadmau5 who inspired Daft Punk to make music in 2013. Seems legit
some of them are pretty good :D
Trollololol
KILL IT WITH FIRE!!!
And now it's on reddit.
Started on 4chan, obvious troll.
The "beats by dre(superior headphones)" was a dead giveaway.
umm the very first thing gave it away. "invented dubstep."
what an obvious joke
London and bristol mainly.
Sorry, but you have to be really, really stupid if you can't see the very blatant satire.
Lol
 
oh god my sides
This looks like satire to me, I laughed.
Fuck no. He even said his inspiration for getting into the music business was from listening to Daft Punk at Alive 2006/2007.
That doesn't necessarily answer his question. 
I think that answers it just fine.
But his backup statement had nothing to do with anything.
Well that's pretty coolbeans.
he was already in the music business,making rock music with a band called "From first to last" since 2004 as lead singer. Watching Alive 06/07 make it decided to go for electro music.
Ach, shut up will ya? You don't like the guy's music, whatever, I don't either, but he's actually a genuinely nice guy from what I've heard, so cut him some fucking slack. He didn't make this, his shitty fanbase did.
dude calm down haha I really don't know anything from skrillex, it very well may be that he makes good music, there's no accounting for taste, that I know. maybe you could name me a good track you like from skrillex so I could widen my music taste and opinion? :)
"With You, Friends (Long Drive)"
agreed, so much cred for him keepin it real. yea thats right, i love daft punk and skrilllex. eat me
At last it's hit facebook.
It's been online since a week before the RAM release to aggrivate people..EDIT: Users below say it's been over for a year beforehand, my apologies.
it's been online for over a year now
Long before that first time I saw it RAM wasn't announced yet
Le master trole 2013

Awesome.
lol
Jerome K. Jerome put it so well:
Knew it was fake for sure when they praised the Beats headset.
"need each other because they suck"
hahahahahaha
genius
and you fell for it
Obvious troll is obvious
I'm sorry man, but I really hate these posts. How did this contribute in any way? That said though, this is probably a troll image.
pretty sure it was a joke.
I don't think it is..A 'friend' of mine thought that Daft Punk was dubstep.
Most people I know thought that Daft Punk was dubstep. .Two years ago I was told that "nobody knows your hipster band" and that "they're not popular". 
I know that pain man. .Dat feel.
A few months ago I was told that "nobody listens to Daft Punk!" (So the 17k+ people on this sub alone are nobody apparently) and "They only use one guitar!"
'They only use one guitar!'.I...what?
I actually brought the popularity of this sub and the single/album to one of those people. His response?."Its only number 3! And its up against really bad albums! Spotify streams mean nothing!"
EXACTLY!
I had a friend ask me why Daft Punk remade Kanye's song. :(
Dear god. 
I really hope you killed them in cold blood
I did.
We thank you for that, the bodies are well hidden? Dont want you to get in trouble for doing the right thing.
I have seen all seasons of Dexter, thank you very much.
FTFY.  It probably originated on 4chan or something, but some 12 year old thought it was legitimate, thought they would be cool for agreeing with the kewl katz on 4chan, and posted it on facebook.
it originated from a facebook page called m8 do you even compress. He does a lot of these, and he has gained a lot of fame on his page for his music circlejerking. I will admit I also jumped on the edm circlejerk, and I ended up getting publicity through him. one of the best moments of my life......
Facebook stupidity can't tell a joke from a scientific fact. Its all because there is no dislike button.
I still hear crowd noise though..?
I wish there was a clean Alive 2007 too, I'd love to use/hear parts of it in DJ mixes at clubs but it's basically impossible because having crowd cheering through the speakers just sounds weird
Granted, it doesnt have the same impact as the "live version", but this works :D
Someone did re-make the entire Alive 2007 set, and it sounds pretty awesome:.It looks like the download link (320 kbps MP3s) in the description is down, but I have it and could re-upload it if you like.
Would you please?
It is live.
Any chance the encore is going to show up anytime soon?
Yeah thats what i thought, it's practically . to get a live version without cheering from the crowd so i'm guessing the song is pasted on it afterwards. You still get the live effect thought! :D
Actually this is a sounboard recording (I think),.Which means it isnt just a microphone in the crowd, but actually taken from the feed sent to the speakers.
Yeah it's possible.
Nope, it was three high quality microphones set up around the Coachella tent, later merged.
Sure thing :) Here you go:
Holy shit. Not bad. Thanks.
Thanks! I'll add it to the description of the my video (The one you posted), I didn't know it was down!
From wikipedia:."As detailed in the insert included with the 2003 DVD, the idea for Interstella 5555 formed during the early Discovery recording sessions. Daft Punk's concept for the film involved the merging of science fiction with entertainment industry culture and was further developed with their collaborator Cdric Hervet. All three brought the album and the completed story to Tokyo in the hope of creating the film with their childhood hero, Leiji Matsumoto. After Matsumoto joined the team as visual supervisor, Shinji Shimizu had been contacted to produce the animation and Kazuhisa Takenouchi to direct the film. With the translation coordination of Tamiyuki "Spike" Sugiyama, production began in October 2000 and ended in April 2003
I believe whilst they were producing the album Daft Punk came up with the idea of creating an anime based around the music, from Discovery. After it was completed, I think they then started to look at options for how to produce/make Interstella....I could be wrong, I have no official source to quote with what I'm saying. I'm just going by what I remember from years back!
From the DVD booklet: "It was during the early sessions of our second album Discovery that we came up with the notion of an animated musical..." Well, glad I had my DVD case near me when I saw this!
Fuck it fuck it fuck it fuck it fuck it fuck it fuck it fuck it
I've memorized the entire thing, but don't have enough breath to say it all.  FirstWorldProblems meets Daft Punk
The problem is actually running out of breath and not wanting to stop, so you end up making the last 4-6 parts mixed into 2 words
Actualy, aren't these the lyrics of the technologic remix in Alive 2007? 
No, not at all.
Fuck it fuck it fuck it fuck it fuck it fuck it fuck it fuck it
exactly
"Flock it Flock it Flock it Flock it Flock it".I think they spliced "format" and "lock"
Haha yeah, that seems like it's what they did!
But in ., it looks like the lyrics on the display very clearly say "FUCK"
Yup
So? We're talking about audio.
Oh. my bad
I'm near certain that I remember from when I saw their show that it said "FUCK" on the screen behind them.
 Accurate..Edit.Accurate from another angle 
So I'm not going crazy. Thank you very much!
Irrelevant. 
it did say fuck on the screen behind them during that show. 
Because their point was to make it say fuck. The audio is still basically "flock."
TIL. That's pretty interesting.
Actually, everyone in this thread is wrong. Daft Punk was sampled by Busta Rhyme's Touch it..In this song, Busta created the "fuck it" himself, and Daft Punk used that in Alive 2007..Edit: You can say everyone in this thread is only half wrong.
He created it by splicing the format and the lock.
Mexican monkey! 
LOL!
LET'S GET VIEWTIFUL!
I want to meet the person who mashed up two of my favorite things ever and hug them. Maybe dry hump them a little bit. 
Yare Yare Daftze...
Daft Punk's Bizarre Adventure
Awesome, I like it a lot. 
Just had only a listen in for a few minutes....
Sounded not bad, will rehear!
The emotion and the passion in the music.
I'm the type of person who is very shy and self conscious. Daft Punk is one of the only groups that can make me get up and dance.
Lots of energy, lots of high-fives, lots of smiles
Diversity and ability. What I mean by ability is the fact that the talent they have when sampling, producing is just awesome. RAM has an incredible sound IMO, I honestly haven't heard an album that sounds this crisp in a long time. Diversity I think is pretty explanatory, there is something that makes you realize its them, but their sounds across albums are pretty diverse.
Agreed, you just have to listen to Human After All then to RAM to notice the diversity and their experimentation with music
I first heard them in high school in 2001. My friend introduced them to me and at first I was like "What the fuck is this?". I listened to a lot of rock like Trapt, Breaking Benjamin, Sevendust, etc. Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger really hooked me at first. I borrowed the album and listened to that song over and over until I forgot to hit the back button. As I played through the tracks I really got into the mood they set. I learned that their sound really communicates an emotional meaning that you can interpret to connect with yourself emotionally. It's something that words can't do as they are limited in their meanings. That sound though, it became so full of meaning to me and I immediately bought every song available by them. I've been a fan since.
I rearlly like how they make very old and very new music at the same time.
Vision + lack of compromise
they know how to touch peoples hearts. for that reason i feel like thats why i love their music, they have always understood my feelings. i dunno, its just amazing to know that two men that i rarely know, know how to make me happy.
I could not agree more
They have their own sound and aren't afraid to experiment.
That's what I like the most about RAM
something i found online. dont think too hard about it
I don't think that word means what you think it means.
Two weekends ago we went to gulf shores for a couple of days, it was the weekend that Daft Punk were on the cover of Rolling Stones.  I played Instant Crush/Fragments of Time on a loop while driving from orange beach to gulf shores.  It was a nice drive in the afternoon, pretty sand dunes(at least for alabama) and Fragments of Time blended well with the scenery and feelings.  This album is a good beach/summer album, enjoy it. 
This picture reminds me of Fresh. I always imagine two used-to-be-enemies meeting up at the beach to catch up and start Fresh.
A couple of weeks back I took RAM to the beach, and I fell asleep :-/.But then I started to wake up during the start of Touch (!!!).Did I mention the fun fair had come to the beach?.Yeah I pretty much woke up, during touch and just so happened to turn around and see this (.) as the 3:23 part of the song kicked in..Was amazing!
Haha, thats perfect.  Touch definitely feels like it could take place within that semi-lucid phase right after waking up.
The setting was absolutely perfect. I took a fair amount of notes that I may share at some point but the sun, sea and surf coincided perfectly with the album. Watching the morning transform into day as the album progressed was near a religious experience
FYI, press L+R to take a screenshot
I did but couldn't figure out how to upload it from my 3DS to my computer, haha.
I just used . to make the same design, looks great.
Was this picture taken with the recording potato of the RAM leaks? :P
No. I'm a grown man. I play Battlefield. 
 and I'm planning to make another cover to go next to it :) I would share but I don't have the option to create QR codes yet
Does that mean you're doing your Homework?
 
Nice!!
Ahh shit, Plastic Beach? Not bad.
I am playing as well.  And cannot couldn't create that image for the life of me. 
Nice!! I'm willing to share, if you'd like. :) I don't have access to QR code sharing yet, but we can swap friend codes and you can get it from my town, or vice versa, if you'd like.
That sounds good.  I would appreciate it!
This is so great! I was searching town flags, but I wouldn't mind having it as art up in my house! 
Hey I'd like a message with your friend code so I can come buy that! I was theming my town around atheism but will gladly switch to daft punk for that! Haha
Dude, Animal Crossing is the shit.
Sweet
It was really more a lemon than a potato. :<
I also made a Daft Punk design but I made my flag my face. The people who made the new AC game were doin' it right!
Is that an image uploader? I probably should have searched for something like that before I decided to draw it pixel by pixel...
That's rough. But you did an amazing job. I drew one pixel by pixel too but it didn't turn out nearly as good as yours.
Not really, it breaks up your image into the right number of grid squares and assigns 15 colours to best replicate it. You still need to set up your palette and manually fill in the grid.
Thank you!
Great tool for the next time I try to replicate a picture, though. Thanks for sharing!
Getting it tomorrow night. Would you mind sharing that design? :)
Not at all! Let me message you my friend code, and you can come pick it up when you get the game!
Awesome, thanks so much! I actually don't even have a 3DS yet so I don't know my friend code, but I'll get back to you tomorrow!
Great! I've messaged you in the meantime with my code. :)
Can I give you my friend code too? I'd love the design, I tried to make one but it turned out pretty bad.
Dude, I'd love to pick that up myself!
I don't have it yet but I'm getting it tomorrow. Would you like to be friends on the game and share designs? :)
Absolutely!
Could you throw out a QR code of that when you get the chance?
I'm not able to do QR yet (at least, as far as I know--I can't seem to figure out how to do it), but when I can I definitely will! In the meantime, if you'd like my friend code to come to my town and pick it up from Able Sisters, I'd be happy to trade.
You get the QR printer from talking to Sable every day, but I'm up with trading friend codes, I've probably got a few nintendo items and stuff I could give away for that pattern :D
Oh goodness, don't worry about exchanges. From one Daft Punk fan to another! I'll PM you my code.
Hey man, I'd really appreciate it if I could get that design as well! 

Well played, sir. Did you design the coat? Kamina-inspired?
Simons jacket actually! good guess though
It's been awhile since I watched Gurren Lagann >_>
Rewatch it, just as good the 2nd time around :)
Is that a Protomen poster I see?
You don't happen to have each original image, do you? That'd be great.
i agree with this guy the hope one is awesome
I was listening to HBFS and this gif almost was perfectly in sync. 
Love it
Apparently it's a classic ode to Chicago/Detroit Acid.
Love this track, really reminds me of HAA, in a good way.
Not everything has to be an "ode". This is a great acid song (and some of Daft Punk's best and least poppy production in over a decade), but that doesn't mean they're doing it as a throwback of any kind. Acid sounds are still huge right now, especially in the underground / industrial techno community. Take Blawan, 90% of his songs are acid jackers. Does that mean his entire sound is an "ode"?
mirror?
And Skrillex
...Anybody got a mirror link?

Is it just me or is this song really really bad...
Oh god that is bad quality. It sounds like it's underwater or something..Everyone do yourselves a favor and get a 320Kbps leak, and don't forget to buy it when it's out! :)
I'm not saying you're wrong, but every genre is still getting made right now, even if its not in the mainstream. They can still be an ode..You're right though, I was just stating what I heard in another thread.
Yea overall the album is terrific (other than the embarrassingly out of place Guilt Trip and the TNGHT song). The Daft Punk productions are also the highlight for me, haven't heard that kind of raw sound from them since their very early work
Doh, Guilt Trip is my favorite track. I don't care for On Sight
Guilt Trip is a bubblegum electronica number in an album otherwise highly influenced by acid house, industrial techno and noise music. Completely inappropriate and ruins the vibe of the album IMO. But yeah it will probably be a lot of people's favorite given its the most accessible / basic song on the album by a mile
bubblegum? jesus christ lol
$100-$200 won't get you much unless you want to take a shot at making it yourself.
I'll be blunt. You wont find anything in that price range unless some awful paper mache abortion shows up on ebay.
 It's a little beyond my spending limit but someday this will be mine. I'll gladly support someone who is actively working on doing this professionally as I know I can do it but the equipment cost would be much greater than this investment.
Heh. I would've referenced that link but I couldn't find it. >.> That's the only thing that's really keeping me from building one at the moment. The materials for the helmet are relatively cheap and accessible, but the tools and equipment you need to make them useful? Ridiculous.
Your girlfriend is like so cool
I have the same one hanging right above me. It's an awesome poster :D. .(link to get one: . )
Aw man, at only 10 dollars I really want to get this poster, but the color scheme in my room is blue with white, black and greys, it really wouldn't fit in :(
Would love this on a shirt.
That is damn sexy.
Has NO ONE noticed the crap this picture displays?!?!?!? I'm sorry to be mean but this is horribly inaccurate with this weird gap thing in Guy's chin.. Buddy i'm sorry to be harsh but it makes me cringe to see that.
I guess you could say I....Digital Love it.
Take those sunglasses off it's the middle of the night for Guy's sake
This is great!  Props!  Please share more artwork if you have a portfolio online!
Looks great, shine on the suit could use some touching up (in my opinion, but what do I know), but seriously awesome. Lookin' forward to the Thomas one.. THERE WILL BE A THOMAS RIGHT?
Thankyou for your feedback! Will be starting on a THOMAS painting soon :D
Maybe for you, It's still nice and sunny where I am.
Well I guess you could say....I'm up all night.. (too dark)
And I'm loving that inverse white signature of yours on the sleeve.  Very smooth!
Thankyou so much for your feedback. I'm currently updating my portfolio on tumblr at the moment, I'll definitely post the link when I think its ready! :D
Digital painting? I digital love it.
May I purchase a print sometime in the near future?
Sometime in the near future, definitely :3
Damnit, my phone is stupid. Do you have a page somewhere to keep us up to date?
To be honest with you, I don't think I'm good enough to be selling my work for money just yet. Perhaps after I finish my degree but until then Im happy with just honest constructive feedback :3
But heres a link to my Tumblr dedicated to my work (started this 2 days ago) I will keep it updated as much as I can :)

Xo
simply elegant. I'd buy a print.
Skimming through: He seems to be a good singer for sure. but this type of thing? Ehhh...( "PANG PANG PANG PANG")
Wow.   Love it!!
Yeah, if you could just leave Daft Punk the fuck alone; that'd be great.
Well it's not .. Same reason Justin Bieber doesn't bother me, it's not targeted at me. This is for kids. .If you're under the age of 12, on the other hand, then by all means go nuts. 
He's trying to squeeze every last drop of money out of the poor souls who find this entertaining.
Double cancer.
Thank you for saying this! I saw it this morning and almost my phone on fire to stop it.
I almost my phone on fire too
Not quite as bad, but in the same theme.
I laughed until I cried. Thanks for this.
Beauty. 
I am 100% serious; My graphics card crashed as soon as i played this video
This wasn't even midly amusing. .Petition to kill Daneboe. Anyone with me? 
Its annoying orange! What do you guys expect? It's annoying. 
Shame on you daneboner-killer
this belongs on . 
More cringe . and ..  Can't decide which is worse.
His entire channel is . material...
Don't forget the TV show they give him on Nickelodeon 
its actually on cartoon network. not that I would know.
Fuck ., It deserves to be in the depths of hell instead..EDIT: Alright, 
Definitely not. In fact, that's why I'm here.
Yes
Nope.
I wonder if the world knows that Daft punk made a lot of songs besides: Around the world, Harder better faster stronger, Technologic, and Get Lucky.
Bag full of nope.
Yes
I am too, but I figured it was original enough to post. Plus it hadn't been posted here yet.
Digging the colors, good work
Nice !
Simplistic. I like it!
grind it bra. the power of the robots shall win. and put some titanium blocks on your heels for sparks.
did you make this???
if so, incredible work
if not, still incredible lol
I used this site.  
Wanna swap?
This is EXCELLENT. I would love a full version.
This needs to be as long as the original.
I attempted to make a full version if you're interested -- details and download links ..
I'm a bit late to the party, but I just finished a full-length mashup of LYTD and Californication (inspired by this version). Unfortunately, it gets flagged for copyright infringement wherever I upload it, so I can't get a streaming link. If you guys are still interested, though, you can download it in FLAC lossless . or MP3 320 kbps ...It's the first thing I've ever done as far as audio production/editing goes, so you may find some slight imperfections here or there, but I'm proud of the way it turned out.
Listening to it right now. I love the cover art, and the mashup itself is exactly what I wanted. Thank you!
I attempted to make a full version if you're interested -- details and download links ..
You're welcome! I'm glad you like it :)
I can't agree more!
Hey, thanks for the download. I know it's been a while since you first messaged but still wanted to say thanks. It's great.
dude just watch the dj falcon one with subtitles. pure gold.
He fuckin styles.
Absolutely silvery views.
pizza it states
And people.
I found it pretty mediocre. .Didn't interest me in the slightest, to be honest.
Very nice, except maybe the Daft Punk logo a bit too blurry
That's pretty damn impressive if I do say so myself.
Ewwwww original trucks
Where did you get that?? 
Daft Pulp Fiction!
Is that a Sector9?
get some bear 852 great trucks worth the money
Did you paint this yourself, or...?
My friend painted it for me. It took her a while, but worth the wait.
Want :D
Isn't it a bit . ? 
I'm not sure, .?
I can tell you . :  it's 
I kinda want one. If I get one, does that mean .?
with those trucks you'll be livin the high life
nah
Good try OP, but nah
  2 albums made for anyone interested
This is great! Thanks!
Doin' it right
I'm pretty sure this entire sub is gifs. .I don't even mind.
For some reason, I hear the Cylon scanner sound effect from Battlestar Galactica when watching this gif.
no
What a sad life of living as a "troll"(BTW, you suck at it) on the . subreddit. Always responding with your "no" and negative nonsense and lies. My question is, "why are you?"
Think a seconde (maybe it's hard for you but at least try):
I posted 7 comments on . ==> I have a sad life
You posted Hundred and hundred post and comments on reddit ==> have you got a life?
This would be neat if it was one of those live wallpapers on my phone. Wouldn't even mind the battery drain for something so cool. 
Post a request at ., somebody might be able to make one. I'd like it too, it's pretty cool
I was able to do it on my phone and works perfectly fine
Oh excellent, thanks very much!
Easy gentleman. No need for arguments.
Indeed It is
What can I say... you were right. Would look pretty dope as lockscreen on the iPhone, if it could handle gifs.
Is it just me or is Guyman's helmet silver?
It is tinted, I believe.
Thanks, this is pretty darn cool.
No problem, glad you enjoyed it.
"I had the idea of doing an album with Donna Summer. I thought it was a.. good sound. I did't think it was.. that.. important in the electronic music world, and I find it more and more people are saying wow, thats the song, I Feel Love, is the song which.. revolutionised the electronic dance music." - Giorgio Moroder (Collaborators Video)
So by many, this is considered to be the first electronica type beat in a song.
Great Quote from the . article..According to David Bowie, then in the middle of recording of his Berlin Trilogy with Brian Eno, its impact on the genre's direction was recognized early on:
I don't know much about 70s/80s music. What exactly is the click?
It's dance music. It's electronic..Electronic Dance Music.EDM....in 1977
Here's a fun fact: The only non synthesised instrument in this is the kick drum. It's literally a drummer going kick, kick, kick through the whole thing. Because they just couldn't get a good kick drum sound out of the moog modular at the time.
Where'd you read this? That's pretty interesting.
I heard him talk about it on something recently, it was either at the redbull academy, the Ibiza music summit or 'the Giorgio Moroder story' BBC radio documentary. Sorry for being so vague, been on a bit of a Giorgio binge lately!
No worries. Thanks!
He was so ahead of his time.
If they had sample packs in 1977, it should sound a lot better
I can't remember where, but not too long ago someone had the idea to make the split helmet but upon further investigation s/he determined that it wouldn't work in 3D. Huge bummer.
WTF! This doesn't work in real life. It's STUPID.
You do realize that our world is not two-dimensional, right?
I just want to make sure you know how stupid this idea is. How would Thomas's visor work???

Ahh the classic 1960s thomas helmet in the "cold circuits" era.
Cmon man, you didnt even get the colour right ;)
bender?
close enough
Weld done
Nailed it..Also, good for welding.
Nice ...
But in all seriousness how fucking awesome would a daft punk welding helmet be 
you're going places kid
10/10 would buy for $500.
Thought Thomas was throwing up the shocker for a second...
Daft Punk's songs are popular but their image, not so much. You can go anywhere and ask someone "hey, do you know that work it harder make it better do it faster makes us stronger song?" They will recognize the tune, but once you ask them if they know who Daft Punk is, they are puzzled. 
Exactly, seeing the name being mentioned and the positive reactions to the music is what really made my day.
Not that surprising since their last huge, mainstream hits were in 2001 with Discovery.
That might have been true a year ago, but since RAM's release their fanbase has increased a ton, at this point it's hard to find someone younger than 30 that wouldn't recognize them.
Absolutely. I convinced a buddy I was with last Sunday to buy the album when we were at BestBuy. He said it is so good that he stares blankly at a wall as the CD is playing.
Is he drooling at the same time?  Now that would be some good shit.
Is Daft Punk really that much of an "Underground" thing?.They're not exactly an indie band, hell I'd go so far as to call them "very popular"
They're mainstream as shit, when a band sells out at several stores and breaks plenty of listening/sales records, I think its fair to call them mainstream. That's not necessarily a bad thing, but when I can't go a day without hearing their music or seeing a reference to them I think they're pretty mainstream.
They are VERY popular to certain demographics. .But seeing them being liked and mentioned in a "Mainstream" type of conversation ( where things like Sexy and I know it, and Baby-JB would be played) It really made me smile. 
I actually find deadmau5 has done some better stuff than most garbage EDM artists today, even though he's obviously not as good as Daft Punk. However I do find his entire attitude of him "being too good for the EDM scene" shows he's trying to mimic Daft Punk.
I don't think hate is an apt description. They seem to be dislike the way the edm scene is going rather than bashing on specific artists.  
Good to see Daft Punk has common sense.
To be fair, a huge chunk of EDM does suck now-a-days. I mean, I'd be pretty upset if I pioneered a new wave of house music only for it to turn into the overly sidechained electro-garbage we have now.
Which GTA is this from?  I can't remember hearing it in any of them.
Am I the only one here who doesn't like Giorgio too much? Also, we should keep this Daft Punk related. Imagine if everyone on . started talking about Skrillex because they made a song together.
is there confirmation that this is one of the two DP produced tracks appearing in Yeezus?
Kanye almost always has some great tunes but GOD DAMN are his lyrics (when I ever I try to pay attention to them) a bunch nonsensical bullshit. Like one of the redditors on this topic already said, I can't wait for the instrumental.
Someone dragged out the 303
Oh my God first Daft Punk and Pharrell collaborate on RAM (not to mention the album itself being amazing) and now 3 songs with YEEZY!? My three favorite artists all working with one another. 2012 is my fucking year.
Skrillex produced this also: Source
Still hate it though
I was there for kanye's performance. was not impressed by this song either. plus I Am a God is one of the most arrogant songs ever 
This one has grown on me. The other two, not so much :/
where are the other two?
Black Skinhead was played on SNL, I Am a God was posted here today too, very screamy.
Agree, but I am not judging until I can listen to the actual track with headphones. This is not meant to be easy listening stuff
Daft Punk and Skrillex collab.
Sounds like a new Da Funk. Pretty cool.
This doesn't really do anything for me. Distorted 808s and 303s were interesting in the late 90s, but even then there was more to it than just a single loop for 3 minutes. Nowadays I can make a track like this on my iPhone. If this wasn't known to be a Daft Punk track I don't think anyone would pay it attention. 
Revolution 909, even.
holy shit!
No thank you.
The tracklist was just released today and it said produced by Daft Punk on the first 3 songs. On Site, Black Skinhead, and I Am a God are produced by Daft.
This was also made with skrillex
oh yeah? very nice!
I think this has been a good friendship for both parties.
Sounds like old chemical brothers 

I like the cut of your jib, it is 2013 though ;)
Cant wait for the instrumental.
Honestly, I can't stand Kanye West.  "Bullshit, bullshit, bullshit... Uuuuhn,  uhn".
me neither..
Go listen to his first two or three albums. Then come back an talk about how you hate him. .I do agree his lyrics in the past five-seven years have strayed from anything any of us could relate to... But o listen to what he did best back in the day. You'll hear those beats and wonder how he made that magic. .I'm not bashing on you, I just want to share good music. 
What albums of his have you heard? 
Don't be that way, friend. Just because you don't get it, accept that it's probably not bad. I don't like Kanye, either. When Pitchfork gave his last effort 10/10, I raged. But just... think about it. Daft Punk clearly respect him a great deal, as do millions of others. Isn't it worth just saying "I don't get it" and being happy that others are happy?
Those were the actual lyrics to the song...
He was actually saying New shit, not bullshit. 
So what? It doesn't matter what the lyrics are. Daft Punk have lyrics that could be scrutinized in a similar manner by someone without an understanding or appreciation of the music. .Around the world (repeat x 50)
Rock.
Robot rock..Still an awesome track.
No he is actually not... 
Precisely.
Holy mother of god. .That is good. That is really good..I tried drawing it a while back too, not as good as yours though. 
Sounds awesome!
At first, I thought it was just a sped up version of the song. But when the background kicked in, I really started to love it!
Thanks for the support guys!
Not bad at all! Cool synths!
OMG!!!! That last gif is mine, I created that. So funny to see it elsewhere on the internet.
The gifs where Thomas busts a groove and him and Guy-man without helmets on a train to the Together, Cassius concert

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.Here's some more.
i dunno lol
Added!
I do believe that mystery instrument is a .. Checked the CD booklet! :)
Weird.. I always took the pedal steel as a twangy instrument that is higher in tone. For example: .Can a pedal steel produce that low of a tone with the bass guitar?
Can somebody please make a long loop of 0:17 to 0:48?
I agree with you, definitely in my top 3 favorite snippets from the album!
My fav part of the song is the one after the "...Give life back you music"s at 1:21.
Here's a loop I made, if you put it in repeat on iTunes, you won't feel the transition, like an infinite loop.
thank you
For those who may have not seen this yet. When the song kicks in and the choice of of scene where the heavier set Soul Train guy is thrown into bliss is amazing at the 00:17 mark 
The part of the album I can't stop listening to is 3:23 to 4:12 on Touch.
This seems pretty hard to use.  On Windows 7, neither Safari 5.1.7 nor Firefox 21.0 worked.  Is this some new Web API?
Worked fine in Chrome for me.
What does it do? It's just a cat and Get Lucky playing in the background?
After reading these comments i think you guys are philosophers
The blind man interpretation is a bit of a literal one and I advise you look at it from top comment up there's point of view.
In my interpretation:
It's a song about remembering that we're all human after all and that we need to love one another when life can get so cold and impersonal in our hectic daily lives. It's easy to treat people with a social norm and greet one another without true feeling. Really feeling for people and making that emotional connection is something we miss all too much.
So I'm not allowed to come up with my own interpretation, I have to believe theirs?
Exactly!
Or... a robot.
What I've always imagined is an astronaut floating around in space in an empty space station suffering from his severe solitude. 
I see Touch as the bootlog of a robot coming to life. Touch sensors activated first, memories of what touches bring leads to becoming overwhelmed before anything else starts up and the robot shuts back down.
I think this conclusion to the message of touch is too obvious 
I love all of you.
How touching...
I rather think it's about robots : they can touch, but doesn't have any feeling (they don't have nervous system, their brain cannot receive any information) They are able to see but it doesn't mean they can interprete what they're actually seeing (they see a sunset, but they can't deduct if it's beautiful, romantic...) They need something more to be humans.
The kiss is like an On/off button : happiness is their first human feeling, then they are hungry, something that robots are not supposed to feel.
It's the song where our robots becomes humans and that's why the song begins in a creepy "unhuman" voice and ends with the human voice :)
no
Where is this from?
It's an edited panel from the ., specifically from 
It was actually harder to reverse Superman's logo than it was to add Thomas
Oh wow, didn't even notice that the first few times. You even flipped Flash's logo, very nice! Pretty good work all around
always pay attention to the details, that's the difference between professionals and amateurs
[deleted]
You mean the movie, Electroma?

STAND UP FOR ROBOTIC RIGHTS, STOP DISCRIMINATION, REDDIT!
But they are human... After all.
[deleted]
Then upvote the comment and move along
Hu-MAN, Hu-MAN, Hu-MAN, Hu-MAN.

-

For those who can't see the image. I think OP put a different link than he meant to. 
What video is this?
Daft Punk's experimental film, Electroma. It's definitely worth a watch, but a great departure from what they would normally release. 
Aka a film by French artists. 
 thank you very much :)
Well. It would be nice to know why. 
I couldn't get the image to load either. I assume it's a joke about them being robots which prevents them from making a reddit account. 
yeah, you getting garble as well? Think Imgur is up the poopenshaft.
Worked for me
Mirror?
Hmmm, Chrome, fail. IE (.) works....
fine for me. I'm on chrome. I guess it was just a random bug.
Or some extension screwing up.
I blame the NSA...
I can't see it on the alien blue app, just a file not found page.
Not a single DRIVE pun? :O
...Next time...
Daft pun...
...more like two daft punk fans in 
Best I could find are . and .. The second one is more customizable. 
Thanks for your help!  Too bad I have a black laptop though...Perhaps i must spraypaint my comp silver first, then apply those decals.
I'm not entirely sure how it works but the second link says
I came upon . not sure if this is what you wanted or more of a decal sticker.
Yes, thanks for the suggestion.  I have already purchased . but the design makes i more bubbly and Thomas' half blue instead of silver.  Something more along the lines of . would be more ideal.  But I guess I'll keep looking.  Thanks though, friend!
I'm French too, and I advice every one to check Beat Torrent, it's a group from C2C (2 of them) who are specialised in remixes in live, for example:.Aerodynamic
.Live Version
. /
.Robot Rock

My personal favourite track on Tetra is ...I fucking love the C2C Album. There is also a Deluxe Version of the album with several remixes and .. Totally worth checking out..France is full of great musicians. David Guetta can go home.
I'd be hard pressed to find a favorite, they're all so good! Because of You, The Cell, F.U.Y.A, Le Banquet, Happy, Genius....Not many people have commented on Deluxe, what do you think?
I exclusively commented on C2C because I already knew them and the album. .The two Deluxe tracks sound very promising, but I didn't have the time to really get into it. But right know, I'm downloading the two EPs and I'm very curious about what's expecting me.
Cool, tell me what you think! Their mixture of genres is really cool and original IMO, though naturally not at all like Daft Punk's music :p
After listening to the two EPs:.As you said, it's pretty groovy and energetic, very funky..Having listened to both EPs once, . is my favorite track so far. Maybe that changes after the second or third listen..It reminds me a little of ...I'll definitely keep it and look forward to more stuff from Deluxe!
Yeah they do sound alike. What I really like with Deluxe is the singer's voice and just the quality of their sound, it sounds so crisp, clean and genuine! Then again, I love saxophones, definitely my favorite instrument .Hopefully I'll be able to see them live in september, which incidentally will be the release of their first full-length album!
I feel bad now for listening to C2C but not Hocus Pocus and Beat Torrent, I must remedy that ASAP, thanks for the links :)
I'll just throw out the name Skip the Use too, but that's french punk rock with english lyrics, not at all the same thing!
I love C2C and I also recommend them! Beat Torrent it's pretty cool, they have a similar style.
J'aurais pu crire ce com, j'aurais rien enlev. Beat Torrent c'est vraiment, vraiment cool.
I put here a public link from my dropbox where you can listen . by Beat Torrent. .Featuring Daft Punk of course, but you have to listen the whole track, Beat Torrent kept the better at the end ;).I strongly recommend you that set. 
this is great!
FYI this is how Daft Punk summons their mothership, the giant pyramid they use in their concerts 
This syncs up so well with Da Funk.
This reminds me of the giants holding the moon in Majora's Mask.
This guys is syncing perfectly with get lucky :D so much win!
That was AWESOME! I love how you mashed Aerodynamic with the intro to Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger and then the vocals from One More Times.
Edit: had my songs mixed up for sec :P
Thanks, I'm glad you liked it.
Both Sony and Apple were on the Daft Punk train this week. I guess that's what made their keynotes so much better than the rest. 
The thought never crossed my mind... new Daft Punk puns!
apple had it too
They know US so well. 
Microsoft had deadmau5. Too bad the console is shit.
Well shitty music to go with a shitty console...
Let me guess, you've only listened to one track from 4x4=12 and you've already made your decision?  .Try this:
I've listened to a lot of his stuff..Joel's arrogance makes me not like him too much, his live sets suck, and his actual work ranges from mostly mediocre to decent at best..The first two place him straight into the suck category though. If i'm going to pay you to DJ music, i don't want someone just hitting play and fucking with eqs.
I don't care about any of that stuff, I just enjoy the quality of tracks he puts out. He is not a bad guy, he just shotguns his shit and doesn't think before he says..His work will improve once his contract is lifted from Ultra.
A company promoting its artist? Shocking!. 
nigga fuck off
I'm not surprised.  Sony Music owns Columbia so its good synergy.

I think they also played on one of the developers to stage with Give Life Back to Music.
That song has one of the greatest intros ever. 
Hence, the whole album has one of the best intros ever :)
They did, it was awesome. 
OP,post a link pls :)
Trying,  Mac and lack of knowledge on making gifs is slowing me.  That and...life. lol  
I just want to see more videos of the crowd going apeshit when Contact peaks.
Just proves its all about the music that They make. LLDP
amazing!
Cried. 
id let daft punk play with my wee waa
Ow. My. God. That's disgusting.
Thats a stache!.Also, why did I click 720p??
Because you put a click on the 24 track which was then synced to the Moog modular.
I didn't have any idea what to do, but I knew I needed a click!
If Daft Punk were in the Firefly universe.
sounds more like borderlands to me
Love the Panda Artwork. You made it ??
Can't say I made it, but it fit, so I used it :D
Can you please stop spamming this subreddit please. Thank you!
Time to clean your room, bro
Yeah I know i haven't been home too much often and when I am I bum it up or work. Definitely do need to clean my room but oh well. 
I wish our Barnes & Noble had one of these up. The only place that had any Daft Punk promo stuff was a local record shop that one of the employees had already claimed. At least I got lucky with some QOTSA promo posters. 
Sweet, I just saw queens play the masonic temple in brooklyn with sub-1000 people.

I got my one and only Daft Punk shirt during the 2007 Alive tour, but it's falling apart. I wish there were a way to get tour shirts aside from paying $5234123 on ebay...
 467 items to choose from. 1 has to be close to what your looking for. Good luck 
Etsy and eBay usually provide, but it's hard to find any that don't cost an arm an a leg. I already have a RAM tee shirt but if anybody can find any from Discovery, if love to hear ot
 is nice.
I had a couple of stickers on there that were fairly popular. They got taken down because of copyright. They were this image that I did in photoshop: .oh well :/
I'm french and reading this, please allow me to post my answer in french : Oh merde !  :/
Makes me sad half of those shirts are either Justice Tees (don't get me wrong, they are great, but not relevant to the search terms) or "Drop the Bass" or "I Heart Dubstep." It just isn't relevant.
But there's a ton of Daft Punk's, too. 
Here's the link for the whole photoshoot, .I think their image is only slightly larger. 
This is a little bit bigger. 
I wish this was in a Facebook Cover size, i'd use it.
Thanks for all the input guys
I had found one but cant seem to locate it again
This is an magazin picture,the only way to get a larger size is to contact the magazin,but i don't give any chances... :(
I could argue that Digital Love could be slipped in there, as well as the not-symphonic section of Beyond, Within and Game of Love.
Solar Sailor from the TRON soundtrack also seems to fit in pretty well..Also, for the second half of Short Circuit, I made a new AAC file and just shortened it to begin at 1:38.63.  Sounds awesome!.Here's my order:
Using only the songs from your title, I would say Voyager/Motherboard/Ver. Quo/ Horizon. However, Make Love and Emotion could definitely fit with those- as well as the second half of Short Circuit and maybe a bit of Something About Us.
Voyager/Verdis Quo/Nightvision/Motherboard/Make Love/Horizon.I'd also argue for Emotion up in there too, maybe after Make Love.
Make love and Nightvision would go great with these
That would be pretty cool for people who still have old-school car antennas.
Why the terrible looking tripod stand?
I used this method to minimize material usage and I think it kinda cool too. Thanks for the feedback
Why not just sell the helmets by themselves? Do they not sit flat?
They don't sit flat and elevating it presents it a little better than it being right on the surface
Will you be offering the individual helmets at this size?
Ridiculous as shit
Yeah someone mentioned that before. It would be cool, no doubt, but I'd be concerned about it flying off on the freeway, never to be seen again, and it fading from water/UV damage. But good idea!
Very very cool concept! Could've been executed a bit cleaner, but overall amazing :3
I wonder if his prediction for 2020 style music will hold true
french dude <3
The 80's New Order-ish sounding one was amazing. 
It would be pretty cool to have the full cover of each year, i loved the 1960 and 2000 cover.
Neat!
I love how the 70s one sounds so close to the original. It proves that Daft Punk really captured the spirit of the period.
50's so sick!! he needs to do a full version of it :D
I think we're all in agreement when I say he should release full versions of each one!
That was fucking awesome, I love seeing my eras mixed in with all the previous eras and it NOT be negative
Was pretty cool!
Full version of the 60's one would be awesome
Probably just could've played the normal song for the 70s part
[deleted]
I would love to see this guy work with 
This shit if pretty bad.... shitting all over a great song with stupid shit like this.
ITT: Somebody somewhere wants a full version of some part of the song.
This is amazing.
2020 sounds like . from ..
[deleted]
Now all I want is to resurrect the Quintette du Hot Club de France to do the 1930s Get Lucky. I love Nile, but imagine if Django got his fingers on that song...
much enjoy! you should do this to some other songs too!
Awesome.
Why?
I would kill for a full version of the 60's theme.
This is so sick.  Fantastic.
Love it!
2013 must be the only time the vocals are done by a black man.
Am i the only one who wants to hear the baseballs doing a cover of Get Lucky?
I wouldn't call Depeche Mode and Tears for Fears the definitive sound of the 80s either..I'm pretty sure the maker of the video started to focus on electronic music with his 80s version for obvious reasons. Since Dubstep was "the big thing" of 2009/2010 in electronic music, the choice only seems logical.
Who else wants something like this where it's in all their previous albums' sounds?
Did this guy just start the 2020 Music craze!?
Sounds like a forward thinking mix of trap, house and post-dubstep almost. That's probably where music is going (sadly).
yeah man music nowadays sucks i wish music was still good
That'd be awesome though
Not going to lie, I'd be pretty hyped for that kinda sound. 
Yeah well I wouldn't be. That's why I enjoyed RAM so much, different strokes. 
The 70s and 80s ones were on point, I'd love to hear full versions of those
I wish to hear a Baroque period example of Get Lucky.
80's full version please.
The 90s echoing voice is hilarious
Yeah, that used to be a thing.
Hahaha the fuckin 80s one is so accurate. All those Axel Foley synths and hand claps. Wonderful
would love a full version of this.
Am I the only one that really liked the 2000 one? I thought it was sick!
I reckon the 2000s one was the best. Funky and a great beat as well.
I'm with you on that.
genius!!
should've made the last one 2013 and played the original version instead of a 2020. but the rest was spot on i'd say!
I wish the author made full versions of the early decades! They were very funky and worth of separate videos in their own regard!
at the end of this video he asks his viewer to choose a decade from 1920 to 2020 and do a version of get lucky in the spirit of the period, and post it on youtube (before jully 7th) with "projet evolution get lucky - 19xx" in the video's title... 
So hopefully we will see/hear more of these. Also the talented people of . should participate ! (it would be fun)
30's is best
20s, 30s, and 40s. I wish I knew where to find that kind of music. Good ole jazz.
Look for some jazz standards.
Welcome to the internet.
Well yeah :P but should I search youtube, should I just use plain old google, or is there a specific site that can help me? If I knew artist names, I might be able to find songs better, but all I have is a genre and a time.
There's a massive Ken Burns documentary about Jazz, that's on Netflix Instant right now (I just finished it, it was pretty good). They released a huge compilation of music by the more significant artists that the documentary covered. It might be a good place to start if you could track it down, but here's the list of artists anyways:.These artists are all over the map. Some are pianists, some trumpet players, saxophonists, vocalists, and so on. They're equally over the map with styles and eras. 1920s-1950s mostly, but Jazz, Big Band, Swing, Bebop, Bossa Nova, etc. The best way for you to narrow down what you like would be to watch something like that documentary, and get a taste of everything.
Ah, thank you. That's gonna be so helpful. That and .. Jazz, Swing, and Big Band are the big categories for me. I'll look into the others also.
You're looking for "Dixie Land." A lot of vaudville type stuff..(plug for a band with a (kind of) similar style, .)
 is actually a pretty good place to look
I'd go the pandora route myself.
Don't cry, Rabbit... it's just a story.
Swing, Hot Jazz, Big Band and Gypsy Jazz should get you started genre-wise. If you type those into a music streaming service, they will give you artists under those genres. .Also, there's an entire genre called electro-swing that marries the sounds of the 20s/30s/40s with house beats. You can find a lot of it on .. 
Alright. So I think I'm mostly looking for the early rough almost raggedy jazz like the 20s with some of the thirties. Somewhat bluesy, with some trumpets in there. 
Oh okay! I was going on the sounds based on the 1920s/1930s music the artist used. Hot jazz's guitar sounds were more or less invented by the French (specifically Django Reindhardt) so it makes sense for the artist to use it. If you listen to almost any song by him . you can really hear the similarities. .Particularly, it sounds like you're looking for either Chicago Dixieland or New Orleans Dixieland. I could be wrong about this, but the way I distinguish them is that the New Orleans variety is a bit slower and more "swing" sounding, and Chicago is quicker-paced and a little more "big band" sounding. I'm no music professional though, just a fan of the times, so I could be wrong about that. Anyone is free to correct me on the real nuances between the two. Enjoy!
60's was pretty sweet.
70's was pretty fly.
I thought so.
Shows potential
It was interesting. To be perfectly honest though, it felt really lacking on the low end. Add some more powerful bass to this and it will be great.
Where's the bass?
Can we get the download? 
I could add some bass, I just made this straight from sliced up samples from the song that were eq'd to hear the guitar.
Download is now available, don't forget to share. Thanks for the support!
I love sony now, thanks to that
Highlight of the conference amongst the great announcements!
PS4!!!
I don't mean to be a jerk, but why are we all so in awe when we hear Daft Punk played anywhere?  They're the number one selling band in the world, we shouldn't shit our pants every time their songs get played.  
yesyesyes
Is there a video?
Go on, link?
I knew this would be on this subreddit when I woke up
I screamed when I heard it so awesome
RAM was highlighted A LOT by Apple too. 

Is this good or bad? .Yay daft punk.Meh ps4
PS4 is wayyyyy better than the Xboned
Eh, I still give 0 fuck about the ps4
Are you kidding me?
Yeah, Sony blew Microsoft out of the water. You'd have to be a soccer mom with no clue what she's doing to get an Xbox one.
yeah but who said he was commenting on how good the ps4 is? some people just don't care
Future majority sales.
Well the sun has risen trillions of times, but it is never any less beautiful or awesome to look at.
That...fuck. That's a great analogy.
Isn't Columbia apart of Sony in some way?.Yeah, they are. So I guess I'm not too surprised now.
I guess you could say they're... Doin' it Right. 
I got chills when I heard it.
IKR!
And Apple used Get Lucky in many of their iPhone/iTunes screenshots today. Daft's all over the place presentin'
They played Fragments of Time at WWDC yesterday.
Just so we're clear, this is now officially the main theme song of the PS4.
Seriously?
I'll buy the PS4 if that's what I get to hear everytime I turn it on.
I could see myself sitting there turning it off and on over and over again, but giggling like a little girl each time.

Give Life Back to Gaming..considering all the shit they've said about Microsoft, it could be an appropriate tagline.
Columbia Records is a subsidiary of Sony Music Entertainment so it's a no-brainer.
It's amazing that most people don't realize that about every record company is owned by Sony and the other big corps. 
Now they mentioned Daft Punk.
They DJ outside played a few of their songs. 
Wait...they did? 
seems like RAM will be console exclusive to the PS4.  low blow from Sony.  Cant really see this paying off for them long term
The only gaming station that can download additional RAM. It's revolutionary.
8GB of the stuff
They said they had no plans for music videos right now, but Nile said a while ago that they recorded a music video. .As for a full movie, no news at all. :(
Was Nile referring to the Coachella ad? Because I really want to watch the rest of that.
I would love a full movie! But sadly, there has been no word of one, but DP did say that they have the next few years planned out. I think that if there is a movie, those "schematics" in the linear notes could be hinting at the plot...
So I know of Interstella 5555, is there more?
Didn't they say that they let it slip in an article that they were talking to a director? I'm pretty sure it was Brian De Palma.
I don't think so. He mentioned backup dancers thinking that the song was funky. 
probably loose yourself to dance, and they were just seen in manhattan doing some kind of shoot
Well, there is Electroma, but it has no Daft Punk music in it at all, as well as no words, but it is interesting and has a sad ending.
For anyone interested, here's a preview for his new track: 
I'm going to be in London this fall for school! Where do I go to check this sort of thing out?
I saw him in Toronto, so I don't think I can really help you there. If you're looking to see him in particular, that's tough to say since he's gotten pretty big now. Tours around the world. His next local appearance is Veld in Toronto in August. Keep an eye out . though for upcoming dates. Hope that helps a little!
In my opinion it is forced and unnecessary 
And I feel the same about your comment :)
I like Overwerk, especially the Nth  EP.
I love OVERWERK! I wish he came stateside more often
I am so turned on right now.
just when I thought I couldn't love Alison Brie anymore than I already do, she goes off and does this...
Her band is so shitty. Without her celebrity this woudn't even be a thing.
One of the DP songs, "OnSite".'Homework' era stuff right here guys
im sorry but what the fuck is this?
[deleted]
Is there a leaked link or something?
not yet, but he performed the 3 DP songs last weekend. 
yeah I found something. Looking forward to hear the album versions. 
Does anyone have an article or an interview indicative as to why the duo chose to pair up with Kanye?  Totally okay with the collab, I am just curious, as there are tons of pop artist rappers out there as well.
they are very good friends . . .also, Kanye is one of the best producers out there.  Rap labels were dying to sign him as a producer and he refused until Jay-Z gave him the chance as a rapper and the rest is history
Thanks!
What do you mean?
They really don't like pictures 
Kanye west is not talentless.  He is known as one of the greatest producers in rap history and he created the most critically acclaimed rap album to date.  Also Kanye and Daft Punk are close friends.  Kanye moved to Paris when they worked on this stuff 
Out of curiosity, what album was that? 

I had a feeling- that album is pretty amazing, I just wasn't sure others agreed with me :D
Guess I'm getting back into Kanye West. Dark themes + Daft Punk + Kanye sounds interesting. 
Sonically this album is like 3000 years ahead of any other rap artist. Daft Punk & Yeezus is a deadly combination first Stronger now this stuff.
Looking forward to this!
Arguably Death Grips is quite similar (from what we have heard), but I agree with you. Death Grips and Kanye are the only two rappers that I can listen to.
i really think that comparison is overplayed from that 1 song.  Black Skinhead sounded much cleaner, the production was better.  He screamed a few times and people were like OMG Death Grips
I admit I've never listened to Death Grips, though they're on my "to do" list so to speak, only heard good things so far.
Why is everybody talking about an album? they've only confirmed they're remixing get lucky!
Is the remix going to make it sound more like their older stuff and more like Discovery?
obviously, no one will know this until we actually hear it.
July 16th, Get Lucky remix is out.
ah - nice. thanks
16th? man, i thought is was like the first day or two of july...
I know, so far away. .At least we have some new Kanye to listen to by next week. 
I just saw that Daft Punk produced . of his tracks! had no idea!
Alive 2017? I'm hoping for something a little sooner than that.
I had that kind too. First row tickets in my home town movie theatre. 

Did you try reverse image search?
HD but with 3D 
That's a pretty sweet effect!  Graphic design never ceases to amaze me.
it brings up same  pictures with 3D
Damn. Maybe there are programs that undo the 3D effect.
wait maybe someone will know how
I gave it a shot in Photoshop. I couldn't get the colors to look good, so I kinda gave the whole thing a retro-tint.

Others .  . . .If anone have those with no 3D filter I'll love you forever.
:-(
I believe you're right, however I don't believe anything you've stated solidifies your beliefs. In particular, their collaboration with Kanye West was not the brainchild of Daft Punk- and by that I mean I'm 99% sure Kanye sought out the robots so they could perform work on his album. That being said, he probably showed them the sound he was trying to create and embody (a darker, more acidic cranking sound) and he liked stuff that they did in the same vein. So they created the music he wanted, that they thought would sound good..You can't pin their entire "groundbreaking" image on the use of the drum machine, either. That's just silly. It was the combination of everything they used. That's like saying "Well RAM was groundbreaking, and there were strings in RAM, so they've gotta be using strings from now on!"
I'm starting to think that Daft Punk doesn't even have a "sound"
Right! Like how can you say check out this awesome underground house, nu-disco, dark electronic, indie/alternative dance-pop duo (well something like that...but it is a mouthful). The easiest way to describe Daft Punk is by saying, listen to "this."
Homework: House/EDM.Discovery: Disco/Dance-Pop.HAA: Dark Electronic.TRON: Cinematic.RAM: Funk/Groove/Pop.Person: What genre is it?.Me: Umm. Well.
i think they have it, the vocoder mixed with some groove bass and house beats its their sound, i mean, almost every song they have its recognizable everywhere
All of their music releases are experiments. You're making too many assumptions when it comes to the duo.
This entirely. You never know whats next. I love it.
I am the only one around here that thinks Kanye is way overrated? And I'm not even talking about how good he thinks he is. Stronger was pretty average and overly pop..edit:name of song
confirmation of On Site, I am a God, and Black Skinheads being Daft Punk collabs 
New Slaves sounds pretty great!
Skrillex was working on this too, right? The "New Slaves" outro . sounds kinda Skrillex-y with the pitched up vocals.
i was there too, and yeah i definitely got a feeling that they had something to do with it when i heard that one.  also, i got a feeling a little bit when he did the "i am a god" one.  but maybe not if they only did two songs.  either way i liked it.... as you can see i was KIND OF close and therefore the sound kind of sucks but honestly i am too tired to look for a better quality one :(
these songs are actually kinda cool
Sure as fuck sounds like DP. June Eighteenth is gonna be a hard wait. I'm hyped. 
That song came out almost five years ago. It's one of the biggest pop/hip-hop hits ever and he's released three studio albums since then so I don't think that's the best way to judge him. Kanye is the epitome of progression as an artist. 
the kanye bro downvote brigade is out in force. if you put a baby in kim kardasian i don't give a shit what your music sounds like you are scum..do you like fish sticks?
You can't help who you fall in love with or who you choose to have a child with. Let the man's music do the talking. 
He has a song called "I am a god"? Damn. He's even more arrogant than I thought.
Well, if we nerd out over DP a little bit, they said the track they were on had him screaming and whatever, so that definitely fit the bill for "I am a God." It doesn't make sense that they contributed to "Black Skinhead" (which seems to be popular opinion) because what is there to contribute? The drums in the song were almost certainly sampled off Marilyn Manson, so all that's left is that distorted violin/guitar and I don't see DP doing something like that.
I love fish dicks
I'm going crazy : since Daft Punk did the Phoenix's encore at Madison Square Garden, I'm pretty sure they will do it again. Phoenix is still touring, and now they worked with Kanye I'm afraid of seeing the robots at one of his show :'(.They are able to do it at any time and anywhere in the world..And then, the day after, this subreddit will be refilled with our tears.
Granted that I love his music, but I can see where criticisms of him might come from. Have you listened to much besides the stuff that gets played on the radio? I feel like he is a much more talented and insightful rapper than a song like "N***as in Paris" might lead someone to believe (not that I don't like that song for its own reasons). Of course, if you have given him a fair shot then I guess it's just a matter of personal opinion.
I like that he not a typical rapper, with songs like Hey Mama. His attitude is part of it but for he most part I just never got into it. 
Ni**as in Paris is actually a really nice party track. Besides that The College Dropout, Late Registration and My Beatiful Dark Twisted Fantasy were milestones in Hip Hop. Even though Graduation and 808s and Heartbreak weren't as good they were game changers as well. As long as you like hip hop you have to admit Kanye's influence is huge on this genre just like DP's on electronic/house..Also for tracks that are more sophisticated than NIP: I personally love Through the Wire, Family Business, Roses, Homecoming and Gold Digger. These are easily my favorite tracks..And Black Skinhead sounds great. I like this brutal, raw sound.
The song is called Stronger, and it is not considered one of his best songs by any imagination..How much have you listened to?
First few albums. Didn't like much of it.
I love my beats by Dre's, imo, best headphones iv purchased, maybe its just the music I listen to, but I prefered them over a few other brands, and RAM still sounds great on them 
All he's had to listen to for the last 28 years is Van Halen on a cassette playing walkman. I'd give him a break :)
I'm sorry but who the hell says, to his best friend, "my beat by dre phones"?. come down here!
I love my beats by Dre's, imo, best headphones iv purchased, maybe its just the music I listen to, but I prefered them over a few other brands, and RAM still sounds great on them 
I love my beats by Dre's, imo, best headphones iv purchased, maybe its just the music I listen to, but I prefered them over a few other brands, and RAM still sounds great on them 
So... Which album?
How do you know if someone uses beats by dre?
Don't worry, they'll show you.
Helllllooooo?!?!?
Doc! You've gotta listen to this...
So glad people who would usually just favor other types of music are getting into RAM. I've seen this happening too, and from my metalhead friend, to my hip hop/ R&B friend to my Edm friend we all enjoy the album. .I've never been able to find a piece of music that we all enjoy before and so RAM is gonna be special to all of us for a long time. So glad the robots did what they did :D
Why Beats? Beats dont deserve Daft Punk, I recommend him getting Audio Technicas or Sennheisers
I don't believe they are absolute shit, but they are totally over-priced..My personal equipment consists of a . as DAC/Headphone Amp and a pair of Audio Technica ATH-M50s. . (not EXACTLY mine, of course :D).
How much better does the amp make the m50's sound better?
I first bought the headphones only. I plugged them into the headphone jack of my computer (onboard sound chip: VIA VT2021, on a Gigabyte mainboard) and I was very disappointed at first..Especially drums sounded very dull. Almost like the drums consisted of empty plastic bottles. I even thought my headphones were defective..When the music got a little more complex, it sounded like the headphones were unable to cope with more than 3 instruments at once, it was more like noise than music..A month later, I bought the DAC/Headphone amp and the difference is pretty impressive. The drums are much more precise, everything sounds much cleaner, as it is intended. .There is also not the slightest hissing or noise because the whole sound conversion from digital to analog now happens completely separated from the mainboard..I recommend everybody who wants to buy headphones also to invest an external, galvanically isolated sound card/DAC..The folks at . have a good . of what you should get for your needs and your wallet.
Okay, thanks man
Or AKGs :)
Or Sures 
I wish I could so freely throw around the expression "getting Sennheisers". They aren't close to cheap.
What? I got my HD 219's for like 50$ They sound awesome with RAM. Clear Highs and Mids, but not enough for the basshead guy who likes Television Rules The Nation
The dollar sign actually goes . the amount, not after..(NB: French Canada does not follow the same convention.)
I don't know why it comes first. That's a stupid rule. .I pronounce it fifty dollars, so why not put 50$.Only logical way for me.
Your mom costs 5$
The rule may or not be stupid, but people will certainly think you're ignorant if you break it.
agree to disagree.but I don't think anyone actually cares
Sorry dickhead, I'm from a different country
If it's not Canada, then you're doing it wrong. (Canadians are also doing it wrong when they put the dollar sign after the amount, but it's at least regionally acceptable there.)

seems like he should get some real headphones so he can properly enjoy it.
Couldn't agree more, I cringe when I see them in public...
We don't take kindly to reposters around these parts.
This is really good! I like it a lot!
Where do people get the stems for these?
I remember someone asking Madeon how he got the stems for Pop Culture and he said that with very precise EQing and something else that I can't remember, also using multiband dynamics.
Oh wow, that is really quite fantastic. I'd be happy with an album of remixes similar to this tbh. And that cover pic is amazing too.
Wow !
Actually this is fucking amazing.
what is the program called?
Easily one of the best pictures I have seen made on Minecraft.
It's the best I've seen so far! You should be proud :-)
It actually looks like the real picture if you look at the thumbnail.
This is one of the better ones that i've seen on this sub
So much for Pre-order, hey! I only got mine a bout a week ago. Its funny how it would be quicker and probably cheaper to just go and buy it retail XD
The album is ok.... Joking one of my favorite albums in a long time!
Good stuff. 
Wow, I got mine 2 days before the release date..

Seriously OP, .Everyone's seen this a million times and Reddit doesn't care that you specifically just got it. Maybe your friends on Facebook give a shit. 
But.. but... I don't use Facebook.
myplaydirect ? and where are you from (country).Edit: I am asking since i didnt recive mine yet.
Im in Finland and I ordered them from... myplaydirect.
Itsekin olen Suomesta :-D, and got my LP the day it was released. I wonder why it was so late for you.
Well I can say to that is: Damn you Finnish mail service! 
Amen.
okay i probly get my money back + the album msg them if you feel as mad as i do. We preorderd and the album arrives almost a month later
Yeah its rather outrageous for the preorder to come almost a month later after the actual album release. 
Are they a bad company or is Finnish shipping awful?
First time ordering from them but, usually the shipping is pretty reliable.
Reliable enough to be almost a month late? lol
Well its usually reliable, this is the first time this kinds of stuff has happened to me.
I'm so happy that we have someone like you that can post on the internet for us to see what the album looks like! I've been waiting so long to see the cover but now I don't have to wait any longer!
IKR? It's fabulous that OP can pre-order so they can get it right away when it drops. 
and it is totally related to daft punk instead of the retailer he bought the album from!
[deleted]
I replied to . because his comment could have been construed to be mean and I gave him a way out (which he chose not to take). However, apparently the point of the thread just whooshed over your head. It's a pre-order, which means it should have been on his doorstep the first day it dropped, or at the very least a couple days later, and he just got it NOW. It's sarcasm, genius. 
the point was obvious that the perorder got there late. This has absolutely nothing to do with daft punk.  I ordered an air intake for my car a month ago that hasn't gotten to me yet but I am not posting it in . to bitch about it, I sent an email to the people I bought it from.. .Even so, this sub is for daft punk news and information and it seems interesting daft punk artwork type things, not bitching about the lateness of your preorder, or even braggin about the fact you bought their latest album
[deleted]
Oh shut it.
it bums me out that you upvote circlejerk posts
This is great! The part with the vocoder behind the rapping is really nice.
Thanks! Planning on a video in the coming weeks.
Not really BECAUSE ITS A NORMAL FUCKING HELMET THAT DOESN'T MEAN ITS DAFT PUNK
I don't know what you mean, but I see dead space more than anything.
just guy man actually  :D
They were all over the place in the demos. Fragments of Time was also playing before the keynote started. Really great to see the love.

amoeba music in hollywood! they have plenty of RAM vinyl :)
Good job, so cool :)
Not really an easter egg, he talks about how the song is about his journey to Cali in his collab video. 
"But since I can't stay" wait a second, he actually did stay. In the collaborators series he said that he moved to California during the production of the album because he liked it there so much
There was already a . about this a little while back, but yeah, I love those lyrics. :)
Its so meta and totally my favorite track from RAM <3
you found it! :) yep
He's referring to staying in the moment. 
Ohhhhh now it makes sense
Oh I see, sorry for the "repost". 
The entire track is like this.
The fragments of time referenced in the chorus are literally and musically the cut up recordings they made together during that period. Clever. 
Random memories ?
An easter egg if you're deaf, maybe.
The song is actually about making the album
Keep Building these . 
More specifically the song.
I would say Instant Crush is more about making a single song, it feels like FoT is more about the whole album. A fragment is one section of time, eg: a song. So fragments would be multiple
Why Instant Crush?
yeah that's what he said
Which are your faves?
Enjoy! :D
Thanks! I did! Going to make sure I can listen to it on my commute tomorrow and the days after that. It was definitely worth the wait!
Giorgio by Moroder.Doin' It Right.Get Lucky.No matter how much it is played it's just such a good song. I like the entire album though =)
I don't know if you've reached Touch yet, but make sure you're in a safe, stable environment when you do. That song bombards you with feels.
Lyrics don't hit me until the 6th time I hear a song. I generally decide if I like a song without knowing what it's about. I loved touch.

What did they say?
Guy: "Hey man.... can you hear me?".Thomas: "Oui. What's that?".Guy: "I hate people....".Thomas: "Yeah, me too.... Let's get the fuck outta here!".After Creds..Person 1: "Can I take a picture?".Person 2: "Are they even real?.Guy: "Ok, fuck this. Im out."
So this was the post that finally made me unsubscribe from this subreddit.
That's a little rash. I thought it was funny. 
1920x1200 and 1920x1080
YES..(Is all I could think about when I saw this)
You are a lifesaver. .Daft five to you!
lol i actually use this as my avatar on most sites i use
Someone please make this into a gif!
I don't really know why but I decided to create it . in minecraft. It's not perfect and I kind of messed up Guy's arm but I thought I'd share.
I don't see whats wrong with it. It looks amazing!
Pretty. 
Really pretty :D
The JPG is strong with this one. Next time use PNG format
.
Much better
Isn't it?
Or even better in this case, GIF
Ron Swanson Daft Punk Mash up
Why is this specifically for Instant Crush though?

Can someone explain? It's going right over my head.
Oh maaaaaaaan ;_;
Back in the 80's there was a duo of popstars called "Milli Vanilli" they had tons of hits, during a concert they were caught lipsyncing and both of them ran off stage. Turns out that the two guys were actually fakes that were paid to lipsync to the actual artists voices
.
.
The Joke is that these guys are pretending to be daft punk on stage.
All correct...but one of the MV guys is dead, and has been for 16 years.
I know about milli vanilla but never heard about the real people.  So I presume the real milli vanilli were paid to keep their mouths shut... must be weird to hear your own songs on the radio everywhere, hearing everyone say how much they love milli vanilli, seeing these fakes get rich and famous and have to not say a single word to anyone.  Was that the case?
They could have at least made sure they were on the right sides, Guy is supposed to be on their left, and Thomas on their right.
They just cut and pasted the songs from RAM into a continuous stream. They could have at least upped the bpm of Lose Yourself to Dance because of how unfitting the song looked.
The fact that they sped up every single song by at least 15% is really annoying.
I'm glad I wasn't the only one who noticed that. I thought the bpm was a tad bit high. It looks like it's actually in the margin of about 5%, depending on the song. But hey, even Daft change the bpm for their mixes. While these guys didn't actually do much mixing, and probably didn't need to touch it, Daft had to make a lot of the tracks work together. Like how Television Rules the Nation was sped up to mix with Crescendolls. 
I still enjoyed the show nonetheless :)
Aside from the Promo ones, I think they want the album to stand on it's own.
Every album had some sort of music video. I am hoping for something similar to electroma. Touch would make a great movie!
I was pleasantly surprised to see their name pop-up twice during the presentation.  It appears that between the cylindrical Mac Pro and iOS7, Apple is Doin' It Right.
These guys are great. I saw them a couple of weeks ago and they're definitely worth the money to see. 
I was at last nights show in Seattle defenetly worth it, I might post a video of the show later.
I've heard good things about this show, what's it like?
as a San Diegan, i will be buying tickets haha
they are awesome
I'm from San Diego! Welcome! =)
Mini Alive 2007
....Does anyone have spare tickets?
I went to a couple shows it's only like $12-20 
Try ticketmaster. I hear they have fair prices.
To bad I'll be back in San Antonio when they come to San Diego, I really wanted to see them when they went to Dallas.
As a former San Diegan, I can say that club represents everything Thomas and Guy-Man are against in music and clubbing. Straight Eric David Morris. Plus, get an original idea, we don't need house music cover bands.
Ok then, I'll just go get my tickets for the real Alive 2013 show... Wait, there is no real concert announced by these house gods, there hasn't been a real concert since 2007. I do agree that the place might go against all Daft Punk stuff but still we need good cover artists who can give us what we want even if its not the real thing.
This is my first time at Stingaree, do I just pick up the tickets some day before hand or can I do it night off?
This is great.
What?
My gosh... they've even carried into Get Lucky.
Ho0o0o0old onnnnnn ~ If love is the answer, you're hoooome.
Hold on ....If love is the answer you're home ...
Glad to be able to say I took part in that little mini thread. Man was it fun. Thanks to . for making this a reality! :D
Everything is in his answer the SweetScience101. <3
and what follows obviously. :)
For those in the dark ..
That's the same link that OP posted.
Oh, I thought this was a self-post.
I never went so deep in a thread.
It went swell :)
I now have you at +15. You are welcome.
Thanks!

Well, it's half HD half pixelated. :(
...and . is the original version if anyone wants it.
Awesome remix! Nice spread of highs and lows, and everywhere in between. Chopped vocals sound great, and this is definitely going to be blasting in my car tomorrow. Thanks for the free download!!
Why didn't you record? :/
My phone had just died from taking pictures all day of everything else :( 
Because I pulled out my phone to do so and it fizzled away. Sorry.
Just a thought
Get Lucky Remix EP:
Radio Edit: 4 mins.
 Daft Punk Remix: 10 mins.
out on the 16th of July. 
Note the year, 2016.
I'm not really sure. If its not official, I wouldn't believe it.
That's why.
I think I did this right, I made a post in . and wanted it here as well. I'd love to hear others thoughts on it. .I would not be surprised if I fucked this up, if so just let me know how to do it better in the future. 
That was really well written!
The author said that Daft Punk never appears in any of their videos. That's not entirely true because they're in Technologic.
Maybe they meant without the costumes? They're in the video for Robot Rock, too.
I might be on my own on this one but I feel like the circumstances this article describes only applied up until recently (Alive 2007, or so). The robots gave a shit ton of interviews for RAM, scored a major Disney movie, and as of today, are on the cover of most, if not all, major music magazines. I'm not suggesting that they sold out by any stretch of the imagination - I think they're in some sense enjoying and embracing the "cult of personality" behind Daft Punk. My drunken two cents.
Personally I think that the media exposure is required to ensure people stay interested. Like if they didn't do all the videos and interviews then if they disappeared for another 6 years it would not be so mysterious. This way it's like they turn up for their album, do a load of interviews, then disappear again and everyone's like "when will see them next?".Just my badly structured 2 pennies
I think the article was written in 2010.
I completely agree. Even though it would be kinda funny if they were on the cover of other magazines you find at grocery stores with the headlines of "What does Thomas want in a woman?" or "What did Guy have for breakfast?"; which a lot of celebrities do. (But I seriously hope they never do that)
Not gonna sugar coat it, it's shit
Do you listen to Daft Punk with this crappy speakers ? :)
Haha, doesn't work as well in three dimensions. The visor juts out.
yaaa...they are pretty bad
i want it
I have those speakers and I can confirm they suck. They pick up fricken FM signals and play it through the speakers.
Super sweet penguins
You can buy one at Shapeways, here: 
Why is Guy-Manuel's single bust silver?
Yeah, I had some issues with that. Not sure if the uploading or the rendering went wrong 
$40 is sadly too rich for my blood especially for that right now
Would you be interested in a smaller, more affordable version?
definitely 
, only $13 now! 1/2 size, 1/3 the price!
awesome! you should make another post or something to tell everyone
Just did ;P
pretty sure thats just a gray-scale render
I would do Unspeakable things for a wearable 3D printed Helmet.
We must go on a quest to find the cad file/schematics of one
It's so small, and sweet * __ *
Great! But... 
What's up with all these 3D printings lately?
they look cool and taste even better!
So how did you go about getting the right to reproduce a miniature bust? Also curious in the same regard to the mini Eames chairs you make.
This is niiice
Doin' it right INDEED
Wheres the CAD file! I have an maker bot at work. 
Sent it to you
I was at ALIVE 2007 too!! 
One of the best nights of my youth 
Which show?
Toronto, Ontario. You!?
Both Bercy and O2
Wish I was a fan then :(
Nice snes
Yes! You noticed the easter egg! Super Mario Kart was my jam
I've got mine hooked up to a nice CRT in my game room at all times. Along with my other "retro" consoles.  
I feel like this would make a great car antenna topper.
No love for Digital Love =(
Didn't they do this exact thing with Get Lucky? Pretty original idea.
Oh wow

damn girl let me water tat pusy
You bring nothing to this subreddit, and are currently sititng at my most downvoted person on the entirety of reddit. Just go away.
Internet points don't matter.
Shit, I thought it was directly related to my bank balance. No, but it does give a good indication how much a person's input is appreciated. In this case, bigmeech is hugely unappreciated in this subreddit, in general. 
i'm sure he'll lose sleep over it. I do. .Wait, It's not related to my bank account? What have I been doing with my life?
you are exactly that kind of person this subreddit didnt had before the album got released :)
sorry your post makes no sense, care to try again? and for the record i was on this subreddit well before the album was released :)
Your fucking comment. Just read it. 
I still can't believe he's 40..
I always wondered where the term "i make bitches wet" came from...
[deleted]
sry i am no native english speaker but i noticed my mistake after sending it but didnt care
It is a great honor
honestly.. why is this on the top submissions today.
This is really completely irrelevant to Daft Punk
57:20
Sounds familiar, "I used the Moog of course, took down the click to sync up"
And of course 37 seconds in "My name is Giorgio, Giovanni Giorgio. But they call me Giorgio" ;-)
I know what my new wallpaper rotation is gonna be! Thanks for this!
These are fantastic. Thanks for posting!!
OP, I went to a Daftpunk art show and took these. If you ever feel so inclined to turn these into more wallpapers, you can. 
No. 27 is my creation. Just saying.
Oh that's actually one of my favorites! Nice work! I just took a bunch off of r/daftpunk and r/wallpapers.
Thanks!
You deserve your credit!
Thanks, great collection!
These are really good, thanks.
Thanks for the share m8!
Pretty sure #5 is mine, but great collection.
Lovely..Do you have a collection of mobile wallpapers?
I don't have any mobile wallpapers yet, but I'm working on getting a collection together. I'll definitely post a link when I get around to it!
Yay. Thanks!
Ragtime probably the closest??.Google up Tom Brier, a great ragtime pianist. He does ragtime versions of video game soundtracks too ;-)
Yeah, but it really isn't pure ragtime. More like ragtime funk, or like ragtime dance-music?? hmm.
Definitely Dixieland. Just listen to other things that are supposed to be Dixieland, they have the same 'feel' to them.
Bangalter called it Dixieland in an interview.  .It's my least favorite part of the album
Wow, thats pretty head on. Thanks!
Why don't you like it? It's completely ridiculous, which makes it so great. Think of it like an absurdist Sgt. Pepper's moment
Post-disco proto-ragtime funk
Well, that's certainly very specific. :)
They are all sold out. It's an Etsy store called Sorenzo Props. He might have more next month
Random access peasants
Thank you so much. Hope yo get uno of those once their are ready.
*one (sorry but from phone I can't edit)
Get a better Reddit app on your phone, with Alien Blue you can edit without even buying it.
Thanks for the advice, I'm gonna download that right now.
my opinion on this opinion: reviewer: <loves Doin' It Righ (good, but repetetive and compositionally kind of boring, electronic produced piece of modern EDM/Indietronica 'mainstream' music with... boring... lyrics repeating; fits in the album but not as flawless as the others)> <destroys Beyond(wonderful song with great lyrics, lovely production and composition, fits perfecly in this album)> <gives RAM an ok 6.5/10(which is the best album of the year)> Me: um...nope! Let's just say I can't do anything with this review...
Wow. Was Avicii ever more popular than Daft Punk? Who the heck cares about Avicii? And that's a hell of a lot of hate and everything but Giorgio and Get Lucky. I actually really like Fragments of Time..edit: Formatting
Awesome!

Given Bioshock Infinite's premise...this would actually happen.
My favorite Remixes of Get Lucky: . and .Also Doin' it right: 


[deleted]
 
Here is a list of video links collected from comments that redditors have made in response to this submission:
my contribution to the list..Credit:
 Fragments of time (Roman Kouder Remix).I really, really like this mix its smooth and not over the top the dude just pick up the tempo to make it more danceable..EDIT: I found another Mix that rocking!
Reflex Mix - Doing it Right
I do not like that version at all. Ok? I just had to get that off my chest.
This is by far my favorite as well. 
define good ;) .ill just post mine

I like. Got a download link?
Wow, I like this one quite a lot. Nice work!.edit: seriously, I keep listening to this one, awesome. I also listened your Short Circuit remix, do you have more of these?

Cheers. 
Marry her
only thing that would make it better would be her sticking sticks of ram in the border of the cake
This cake very well could have been for me too..HELLO FELLOW MICHAEL
Quick! Say three things that aren't Jackie Chan!
Can I just say what I said yesterday?!.CAR JACK, KEY, CHANNING TATUM
Haha I randomly found you in some comment thread! I was so happy
I'm famous! :') 
10/10 would replay.
Classy.
 
Well, there's 4 minutes and 15 seconds of my life I'll never get back.
Bass boosted too, oh god.
want :D
Just a question, very low chance you got them from the same person who I'm getting something made from, but did you get your pendants made by ArtFunk by any chance?
Look very plastic-y.
Wow, they look nicer than some others I had seen - even though they actually look really cheaply made, they're shiny and smooth enough. They look a little too big, though, unless you have very small hands. Where did you get them from?
Thanks man. I have small hands lol. From a prop maker by the name of artfunk
Never noticed before that they represent their helmet visor shapes. 
not to sound rude, but what do you do with these things?
Where'd you get those? They look awesome! 
How do they feel? What are they made out of? How much $$$?
Yeh, he commented above that's where they're from.
They look like they have that foam inside where if you were to squish it, it would just go back to its original shape.
Not sure if tiny hand or giant pendant. Dimensions? 
My mind is telling me it's a giant hand AND giant pendants.
You usually get small hands from genetics
Yes, it gets sloppy in some parts (For example, that Human After All / Television Rules the Nation part was terrible), but this is the best of this type of mix I've ever heard..Does anyone know any similar ones?
I'm sure you've seen this before, but nothing compares to 
Well, there's ..
I was so proud of the one I made. It was one of the coolest things I'd ever built. And then I come on reddit and see posts like yours. And then I wanna cry.
What blocks did you use? I've been looking to do this design in my own world 
They're called voxels ;)
I used whatever was available in Creative.
No mods..Assembled it block by block.
Any chance of a grid guide?
Well, I used an application called Spritecraft.
They convert photos to 8 bit, making it easier to make them..Google "Spritecraft"
We call them Pixel Art on Minecraft :)
I know, just clarifying 
Cheers buddy! Will do!
 Random pics
What era?
Any!

.
from RAM
You can listen to the whole thing .. But personally, I don't really like it.
It was sold in Japan only. .You can find it in Google...
I don't thing much of anyone liked it.  I hated it.
Only copy i can find is a used on on Amazon here in the UK, going for the mere price of 175
I personally loved the Human After All (Sebastian remix) and The Prime Time of Your Life (Para One remix). .I believe Thomas called that HAA remix his favorite.
Just pirate it, it is not even that good.
There is some pretty decent stuff on their. It isn't spectacular, but it is worth a listen..The HAA Alter Ego remix is actually . good imo..Most of the decent material is . the HAA remixes though..The Technologic remix, Peaches No Logic, is absolutely fucking horrendous.
Like the deadmau5 intro with no head on dj hero 2.
A bit OT but has . been posted?
Yes.
What is this...I don't even...
Yeah you do
This is how I'll think of them without helmets from now on.
I knew that other picture had been Photoshoped.
Actually... wouldn't it look more like this: . ?
Someone superskilled should photoshop that in.  Or perhaps replace their heads with the helmets as if they were wearing them in the original pic.

that is dead set awesome
Thomas doesn't have a circuit board. He has a brain inside his helmet. Look at them blueprints negro.
There goes my entire childhood fandom.
Its only Guy-man that looks like this underneath, Thomas has more of a human look.
This is now my favorite picture ever. Everything about it is so awesome, haha.
lol
When Thomas wasn't quite off E yet

Thomas REALLY likes making music.
Thomas: "These beats are just so.......so......hhhhnnnnngggggghhhhh.....".Guy-Man: . Handle your shit Thomas. 
Nobody's commented about the ass in the background?
Nobody but you
That's why Masks

This subreddit has officially turned to complete shit..A bit to be expected though, now with the initial RAM hype fading away.
Why don't you post something interesting then? Instead of posting the predictable and pointless "this subreddit has gone to shit," 
[deleted]
lel, minus votes. The new guys can hear you!.Pre-ram hype was fun for a majority of the time.
It was fun at first, but it seemed like people stopped caring about the other albums.
Makes sense though
I drew this: . on RMD a while back.
Some doodles I did. 

Here's my drawing of Thomas :)  
hahahaha wonderful
I had drawn them recently (my friend did guy-Manuel, I drew Thomas). I'll post mine up soon and the other probably a little later..: . is my half. 
do iiiiittt
amazing

Here's my try.
not the best, but I'm quite proud of it.
 Sorry about your eyes.
Remove the sparkles and that would been an excellent drawing. 
Curses! It may not be too late. I can probably save it. Thanks for the honest feedback!

Sorry about the size :[
awesome haha but small
I know :( I kinda want to rescan it cuz the actual drawing is big enough to be at a proper resolution...but regardless thank you!!!

im in awe
Challenge attempted.
love it
Here's my masterpiece

I hope you're proud of yourself. Giggling like a school child.
Sorry for being so puntastic if that's what your remark is about. I'm a sucker for puns.
breathtaking
To be clear, I found it funny and clever! The "I hope you're proud of yourself" was sarcastic.
Glad to have put a smile on your face!
I lol'd. 8/10
8.8 out of 10 Best New Drawing
I lost it at your interpretation of "everybody on the floor~".
My girlfriend reproduced . painting some time ago and gave it to me as a present. . was the result (: 
stunning!
these are amazing.
 .Don't ever challenge me. I will always win. 
You included a Cock. Robot Cock. 
why is the robot hurting itself. why
Why do they want to kill themselves?
Self aware abominations. This is in no way a direct adaptation of the real daft punk. .Edit for clarification: They have much larger penises. .Edit edit : vacation station masturbation education. 
I'll give it a try, will update in a bit.
I got tired. 
Reminds me of how to draw really goods drawing.
beautiful
I'm really lazy right now.
Can I do it tomorrow?.I already made the RAM cover in Minecraft today.
nope. NOW.
Going to try now. .Wish me luck! 

You win. 
You win. 
Nice! Where did you pick it up?
Dude that's hard.
Got it off . But looks like her shop is shutdown right now? :(
That's pretty sweet. Jealousss.
I think that's exactly what they and any other musician WOULD do.
You are wrong from the moment you said any other musician. Daft Punk are not any other musicians. Everything they produce has to be perfect and fit exactly into their plan as they want. Listen to Within. It serves as a transition from the key of A-minor to B-Flat Minor. I think Night Vision serves a similar purpose on Discovery as a transition song, though not as a key transition obviously. Discovery is not just a mish-mash of the coolest-sounding tracks they could produce, it is a composition which was scrutinized and planned to the finest degree. Anyone who spends time on this subreddit will see how Daft Punk are total perfectionists, and everything must go exactly to plan. What I want to know is what their plan for Night Vision was.
Lots of other musicians are perfectionists. And I'm pretty sure doing Within as a key transition was Chilly's idea.
In the collaborator video he said they came to him with the key change as a challenge. .But I agree with you, Daft Punk aren't the only perfectionists in the world who plan albums.
I didn't say they were the only musicians who are perfectionists. I said they are much more detail-oriented that MOST musicians.
Oh yeah you're right. Forgot the exact details on that one.
keep it up man! that last one was tight!
You know what I imagine every time I hear that song? . Loved that game. And I loved your kinetic! Hope this one is twice as awesome! (:
Can't wait, m8.

Dan sounds like a nice man.
Dude. This is going to be HUGE! Fantastic job.
I enjoyed it man. Very nice. Is there any way of downloading it or buying it. Gots to have it on my phone!
I actually finished the song today and added a bunch of parts!.Here's the soundcloud link: .And if you want to buy it, here's my bandcamp: 
Alright cool. Listening to it now as I type. Awesome. Also I would like to know when you think of finishing your Lose Yourself to Dance mix, it sounds awesome 
unfortunately I cant find any sheet music but you could try watching and copying down what youtubers are playing to get the notes, that's what I did and now I can play Within, Touch and Get Lucky. Good luck finding sheet music!
Thanks! I know my yadyfriend got a hold of Instant Crush Sheet Music, but it's for the marimba, she played it for me as a surprise/present!! I've been trying to get down Within off the tutorials and I can play it quite well already! 
 cover of get lucky has a free link to the sheet music in the description. 
Quite a nice arrangement too. 
You can find some .. Not free though.
Not as far as I know, but of course the chords for all songs are available on guitar sites. I've found them very helpful.
51 minutes for a pizza delivery? Jeez
I deliver for Domino's and I jam Daft Punk all the time! :)
we're up all night to get pizza
Aww man, try again with the next pizza you order..If I was the driver that would be my lucky day, I would be blasting technologic with windows down.
As someone who used to deliver pizzas for Dominos and listen to Alive 2007 on the way to people's houses, this upsets me :(
what should I say to the delivery driver if he isn't playing daft punk? 
It's been an hour OP, cough up!

Just sayin, if i did that, i'd be pulling up to your house blaring the digital love solo... 
OP, where's the video? We wanna see it anyway!
can't blame them. this new place isn't in Google maps yet. 
OP left us hanging for pizza.
wow.  this page is total omegas

That shit better be FREE
Has it happened?
Buy it, use it.
RECORD ALL OF IT! Please!
[deleted]
Photo of helmet? Please?
Come on guys, have a little faith; What if this is taking so long because pizza boy is ACTUALLY investing something..
We need a live stream. 
man 
Delivery in 22-32 minutes, it has been 37 since the post has been up!
We should make this the next GameStop/Battletoads thing. 
He's not Doing It Right, he can try One More Time, he's going to make you Short Circuit, you'd rather not be Face To Face anymore. There's a lot of things, just remember everybody's Human After All.
Refuse to pay because he wasn't following directions if he is not playing Daft Punk
I think he should refuse to pay based solely on the amount of time it took to deliver, but that's also a good point. Epic delivery fail. 
Yeah, thats a better reason. Maybe he can score some free coupons or something too.
I'm going to request my pizza be delivered via a police escort
i really didn't expect this thread to get more than 20 upvotes. this is kinda crazy to me. O_o;;.also, I still gave the guy $5 tip. =)
Welcome to . sir
Well? The tension is killing me. My Redditing has been suspended until I see how this plays out. 
I'm now starving. this is the longest wait for a small pizza and some cinnamon sticks 
Perhaps he was trying to download "Get Lucky" on iTunes before his delivery. Heads up, OP.
He had to go out and buy RAM first....This is the reason why
OP will . .:P
OP did not deliver..Neither did pizza guy.
i'll video record the pizza guy's car coming up to my place. hopefully he will  be blasting daft punk with the windows rolled down. if not, i will be disappoint.
I am excite!
I'm not sure. Not everybody has daft punk, so it would cost money to buy it. Also, not everyone can connect their music playing device to the car, assuming they don't travel an extra mile to go to the cd store
one can hope =)
Youtube? If he has a smartphone and adequate data he could stream the songs :P
What's he gonna do, blast out of his phone's speaker? 
aux port in the car....
True. But one may not be as brilliant as you.
lol, I guess it is a pizza guy
Not everyone has an aux port. My car only had a tape player in it which broke months ago so no music for me.

Oh man I'm so glad you posted this gif. I'm going to spend the rest of the day watching Invader Zim now.
getting tired waiting. 
OP's got himself a pretty nice setup 
Op also has himself a nice camera.
HTC One
Two questions, What swayed you over to the htc one over the gs4? Secondly, I am a college student unsure of what I want to do with my life and you have an amazing pad. What do you do for a living if you don't mind me asking?
Web Designer..When I was 13, a friend showed me this thing called a "webpage." (This was back when Warcraft 2 : Tides of Darkness was THE game.) Ever since then, I've been fascinated with how I could make something on a computer, upload it to Geocities (before Yahoo bought it out) and EVERYONE in the world would be able to see it..Since, then I have learned how to design and create websites by searching for answers online or asking friends for help. I did not go to college due to a problem I have sitting still listening to someone and staying awake..If you are still trying to figure out what to do with your life, maybe figure out what your hobbies are. Do you like drawing? Building LEGO brick models? Running on the beach? Helping others? Organizing? .Once you figure that out, build upon that skill .. There is so much out there in this world to do. Don't wait for someone to do it or tell you to do it. Don't wait until you graduate to start doing something. Life is short, DO IT NOW..Lastly, be nice to EVERYONE.  The job world gets easier when you're nice to everyone you meet. Because one day, you might meet someone who may be able to help you get a job later. And plus being nice is fun =). - Three tips in my life that may help yours.. - learn something new everyday.. - keep yourself healthy and exercise often.. - be nice to everyone you meet,thank your parents/friends/god/flying spaghetti monster for helping you get where you are today, and give back to the world in some way, everyday..I hope only the best for you, fellow redditor.  Have a great weekend =)
Thanks for the advice.
Get the camera out! It's almost there!
The time is passed! Come on op!
lame. they called cause they got lost. more doubt in my head that they won't be playing any daft punk
That moment you realize you've spent over an hour waiting for someone else's pizza...
lame .don't expect much from viewing it.
Aw, well you tried.
I enjoyed the parking after that long reverse though.
You should've played Too Long just to show that it took too damn long to deliver that pizza
Simply sigh and say, "well I guess you're just human after all."
Awwww beat me to it :/
Perfect
will do 

Well that was awkward
kinda.
 
we are waiting . 
D'aww.
LAME. I'm uploading the video right now. He was an older feller, maybe late 30's. I said "i asked if you could play Daft Punk." .he responded, "i don't know what that is.".then I ended the video..Then, at the door he said "daft punk? I've heard of them. Aren't they a new band?".-_-;;.oh well. you may all downvote this thread since Dominos truly didn't "deliver" .... on time even.
That's no excuse, I'm too close to 37... and all my peers love them.  AND we live in assbackwards Southwest Louisiana.

gotta toss him one of their cds next time! haha
I would've just pointed out that since the order was placed online, it couldn't have been that hard to look it up.
Next time you order pizza, make the EXACT SAME request..We'll see if he 
I'm upvoting this thread because of A. original post B. best pizza delivery suggestion ever.
and C. i followed through with a promise of a video (Even though it is quite . worthy)
There you go. So have some upvotes. You're pretty great.
Keith?
No...  Amy
well...Tangipahoa parish has never heard of daft punk. ;_;
Enough of Calcasieu Parish is familiar with it for me to feel comfortable.
You sound like a fat creep. Am I correct?
NEVER!!! I stand by my upvote. It was a hell of a ride. 
Did he charge for the pizza??
I hope not, they didn't play the song he asked.
He's a delivery driver. All they listen to is 90's Eurobeat. 

Former delivery driver, can confirm.
it was already charged to my card via the website.
What a crime against humanity. A pizza service not blaring music that you like?!
are you aware that life is not as serious as you make it out to be
Yes. This content is just brain dead and try-hard now.
yeah true this post is pretty fucking shit but that is all there is on this sub unless there's a new release.so basically 99% of the time.better get used to it

Wait, am I not the only person to like Deep Space 9!
That sounds more like a question...
Don't post here. Post to ..

I had to. For my country.
took the words out of my butt
Plot twist: Daft Punk THEMSELVES play in the car
I just envisioned an El Camino pulling up with them in the back. Thanks for that :)
that would be too lucky 
Maybe you'll ... 
i was going to make that joke...
NOT THIS AGAIN
But it would be a great Discovery for OP
Maybe he'd get to ask them some questions, such as if they are human after all
Well, not too many. We don't want to give them Homework or anything. 
He'd actually get to see them...Face To Face
Unless the delivery takes Too Long
Well, I mean, it's not like they have to take an trip Around The World or anything like that beforehand...
That would fill me with so much emotion. 
No possible way they even get in contact with them.
aerodynamic.
This whole thread is beyond lame. 
That's what happens when television rules the nation...

This whole subreddit makes me cringe.
That thing is awesome. And kind of scary.
Sounds amazing
 (it was the best I could do)
Nice work man!.If anyone want to see the real Nikola Tesla Coil and how it sound,here you go : .It's stored in the Tehnical museum in Zagreb.I was there and i can say you, it makes alot of noise :D
How the fuck is that thing making sound?
That was so cool! It would be awesome if you had it play Contact or Motherboard from RAM.
This is the coolest thing I've ever seen. 
Actually the coolest thing I've seen all week. Thanks for sharing, OP.
Random Access Coils
This actually sounds so awesome
That sounds a hell of a lot better than I expected it to.
I'm planning on adding some vocals/vocoder to it too, if anybody feels they have anything to add please don't hesitate to let me know :)
Did anyone else get this as the next song?.Wow..
I genuinely enjoyed it, no need to add vocoder vocals in my mind. Great job
Totally worth the Downloaded space on my HDD....
Thoroughly enjoyed this! Great job.
Love it !
glad you enjoyed it! i always find it strange when people download my songs
Haha I favourited that! It's the ultimate summer tune, you should YouTube it, if you watch it with the video it's even better.edit: just found the video, 
thank you! the best feedback always comes from a fresh pair of ears :) 
Hey nice job dude. But you should add some limiters to the bass. I listened to it on my subs 3/4 of the way up and its nothing but bass crunch, which is no fun. Slap some limiters on that or simple tune down the EQ for the lows. Overall pretty good though
Wow, can see this fitting into Alive 201* nicely. Good work!.EDIT: You should definitely put this up on Hype Machine.
thank you :) i have no idea about hype machine, i used to go through the home page to listen to a bit of new music, but i've never understood how it works really, i'll check it out :)
Its amazing!!!
Damn. This was brilliant. Great job man!
Excellent work.  This makes me incredibly excited for more remixes to give RAM some much needed energy. 
Bass is also RAM sampled? Sounds great!
i made the bassline myself, I'm a bass player originally so it's definitely my strongest area out of any instrument :)
I've never seen someone make such a good "shiny" effect with just pencils..Great technique. Looks awesome.
Nice work, Virgilio..Seriously though mate, might wanna upload to a different website so people can't access your personal information.
Im sorry, but what is FYE?
FYE still exists?
Is that the 6x3 Vinyl one?
shitty quality? i think the albums are quite good myself
I have all of those records too, including RAM. Am I the only one who liked some of the remixes on Daft Club?
I also have RAM
Yes, those appear to be Daft Punk albums.
The Slum Village Areodynamic Remix is pretty damn good
I actually like that remix too, my favorite is probably the Face to Face Cosmo Vitelli remix.
I like the Daft Club too. I dream about the beginning of Ouverture mixed with Contact \=/ \n/
oh apart from daft club
Am I the only one who liked daft club?
quite possibly...the consensus from almost anyone i have ever talked to who is a daft fan is that it's bad.the remixes are just kind of...well, are they even remixes? basement jaxx basically did a basement jaxx song with a very small sample of phoenix...god knows i love boris dlugosch but his remix was basically digital love with some sparkly stuff on top..honestly i think p4k is overrated but the comics in this review really make me laugh: 
If Daft Punk and Justice had a baby....
Can anyone find a download?
 Here.
Thanks! I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did!
No problem man :
I'm seeing both fandom and a sense of "Look at all . Da Funks i give" 
Can your friend get me this job?
would bang.
Ask her if she knows about any daft video coming soon 
Anybody else see a cyberman in that?
I'm nosy.. what does she do there, if it's alright to ask?
rolling on those bill$$$$
Tell her she's got nice armpits
is her name alex by any chance?
I didn't want to be the one to forget
Fan of what?
Marry me!? . 
I WANT THAT MASK: SOMEONE GIMME LINK!
It was only available through Preorder, so you might need to fire up a time machine and head back a month if you want to get it..EDIT: Incidentally, you also need to be living in South Korea.
saved the upboats from being an unfortunate number
She's not a real fan! I can still see patches of non-Ram-covered carpet!
So you 
Whaaaaaattttttt? Noooo. 
I am always jealous on this sub reddit.
Scrooge McPunk
The Eagles
Swedish house mafia
That is heaven right there.
David Guetta
Skrillex
Dat tank top
A dank tank for this mans stank makes the punani smell rank. Yeah, a sleeveless shirt for this piece of dirt make that pussy go squirt.
I know it's from Forever 21, my boyfriend owns it.
Except it's not on their online store :(
It's probably sold out at this point :/ I'm sorry :(
Daft tank top.fixed that for you
Black-Eyed Peas I think
Nah I'm pretty sure it's the Beastie Boys!
You should marry her before I do 
I guess you could call this...(sunglasses on)...an "Instant Crush".
( _).( _)>-.(_)
I can only hope that they go Beyond friendship...


I could make one, what dimensions are you looking for?
I wanted it for my iphone5.. Best dimensions I could find via google are 640x1136. Not sure if that helps. Thank you so much btw!
 Not sure if you wanted the white border around it, so there's one with and without.
Could you do that for the iPhone 4/4S?

Thank you so much!
Dude that is so freaking awesome!!! Thank you so much! 
Sure thing, glad to help.
Yes they can! Breakbot is doing it now.
He is?.Got a link to one of his shows? I have only ever seen DJ sets.
Here you go! .Check out his piano visuals too...man alive.
I always kinda thought that they would start the show with contact and then from the end of contact you could go to virtually anything, imagine them appearing in a dramatic flash when the dialogue ends and the music starts
realistically, probably not. But then again, Thomas and Guy-Manuel have always prided themselves on the way in which they are always pushing boundaries, and never doing the same thing twice. So in that regard, I wouldn't be all that surprised to hear that Daft Punk is doing something completely unexpected (such as an electronic live show with a live band)
They def can put something together. Damon albarn got it together and did an INCREDIBLE plastic beach tour with a live band. It'll just have to be huge. With an orchestra in the floor and everything. But its def not impossible. 
Demon Days live wasn't too shabby either.
Yeah for sure. Demon days would be hard to reproduce live too. But from what I've seen they did a great job. .I don't think dp is gonna do the Pyramid again. They've already done it so its old to them. I'm not sure what they are gonna do. But bottom line I hope they do anything. Even if they played without their uniforms and just derped it on stage..I'd still go see them and think it was the coolest thing I've seen. (Aside from the last radiohead tour ...wow)
i would pay so much to see that happen. 
The robots come out and do a first set in the pyramid with the classics..Then.....I picture a dark stage with a lot of glittery lights, lasers and disco balls. The robots are playing synths and singing through vocoders while they jam out on a few tracks that don't need the guests. They open with "Give Life Back To Music" then a midset break of "Game of Love, Within, and Beyond"...then Pharell comes out and the audience loses their shit. They do lose yourself and get lucky. Then the icing on top. Paul Williams comes out and begins singing Touch, an orchestra and children's choir is hidden behind a curtain but exposed mid-song. It is fucking mind blowing..Then they all leave the stage, the robots do a hybrid DJ/live band mash-up of Doin it Right/Giorgo/Contact .Best concert ever. 
Spiritual_Erection, you just gave me a spiritual erection.
Don't forget Instant Crush!
WHERE IS MOTHERBOARD????????
plus funky guitar from nile rodgers
I teared up a bit.
dft pnk
Rndm Acs Mries
r/dftpnk
Where is LinkFixerBot?? I just had to copy and paste that one like an animal to make sure it didn't exist.
But it does exist. I used the wrong words, sorry. .It's actually . 
Definitely not Daft Punk. Someone at Vevo screwed up. 
Not one of Daft Punk's greatest moments, IMO. 
Well... that was agressive.
I'm thinking the Daft had something to do with sampling of Marilyn Manson's The Beautiful People used in this song with Kanye coming up with the whole idea of using it..And both songs have similar ideas about how the higher ups are using artists, superstars etc. to create a popular status quo in society and then banking off commercializing that status quo.
[deleted]
I suggest waiting until the studio recording comes out first, it'll more than likely be a lot more clearer than this performance.
I thought...they were spartans?
youre totally right, and without hearing more of the song/album i cant tell if this is intentional or if kanye needs to read up. either way im sure he doesnt give a fuck
Pretty sure I read they only did the drums for this song. Either way I love this song, can't wait for his album to come out.
Is this confirmed to be one of the songs they worked on with him? Last time I checked it was just a rumor
It's confirmed. 
Not feeling it
Daft Punk composed/programmed the drums, and they are pretty insane. There are rumors that DP actually has one more track they worked on for Yeezus. 
I like it. Its definitely something different for Kanye and Daft Punk.
Why is Ben Affleck crying?
I generally like Kanye's music but this song didn't do much for me...
The over love of the Primal Screams was kinda weird...
It sounds like a studio version would be much better, but I still don't think that's going to be great by any means. It's a shame, but I'm looking forward to the rest of the album still.
I'm the opposite, I like this but not that into his other stuff.  I especially like the performance and visuals though.
Kanye: What should I do in the beginning? 
Robots: Pourquoi n'avez-vous pas juste crier comme un fou dans le dbut?
Kanye: What? I don't speak french?
Robots: How do you say...make some passionate noises, no?
Just being in Yeezus' presence does that to someone.

My sister LOVES Get Lucky, but said the rest of the album was 'Ehhhh it's alright'. My mum said that it was too slow.
My 3 year old sister does the robot when this song comes on.
My 5 year old sister does the robot when this song comes on.
My Mother does the robot when this song comes on.
My Father does the robot when this song comes on.
My 72 year old Grandmother does the robot when this song comes on.
And I also quite like the song, I'm 19.
My Mom kinda digs it, though while I was playing Touch, my Dad said that he was waiting for Boy George to come in..He's a rocker. He doesn't understand disco.
My dad sometimes hums Get Lucky after he heard it on radio
My sister was really surprised when she heard Get Lucky on the radio. I remember she said "Weren't they techno?" Haven't showed her the rest of the album yet..I just saw today that a friend with no previous knowledge of DP was listening to Get Lucky and LYTD, so it's certainly spread. I told him about Discovery.
lol "techno"
In the town I leave, it has had a HUGE impact liek to the point that in the shitty cinema, (library) we have they where outting Interstella 5555 and by town I really mean a town.
My dad owns a small coffe/cake shop, and he plays "pop," music in there... He digs some tracks and he is having LYTD and Get lucky on the current playlist in the shop...
My best friends love it as much as i do, well almost. Others either don't care or enjoy it from time to time. My parents though liked it more than i thought they could, I mean, they don't care much about music in general but RAM pleased them in some way and that makes me happy.
Blared the leak for my family, didn't like it. first week of album release, no one still liked it except my dad. Now with it on the radio my sister loves it and sings it all the time. Shes 10 and used to hate it. Im at a 7 sorry.
My family are all dead. 
Also, you made out with your sister. Must suck being a Skywalk3r..EDIT: I can't even type. Fuck you, autocorrect.
My sister likes Get Lucky while my other brother likes RAM but not as much as i do. 
My mom loves the album as a whole, some tracks more than others (as usual). She's a fan of Daft Punk from when my brother and I used to blast their music nonstop (not that we ever really stopped doing that, haha). My brother also loves RAM, as much as I do.
Pops doesn't dig it at all. Oh well.
My mom really likes Get Lucky, but she hasn't heard the rest of the album, despite the fact that I downloaded it for her..As for my dad, he has listened to the album from start to finish. So far, his favorite tracks are "Within" and "Instant Crush", which surprised me considering all he listens to is alternative rock groups like Coldplay and whatnot. That and the occasional Classic Rock here and there.
My mom thinks it is repetitive since she has already built up that opinion from HAA and some songs on Discovery and Homework, and she wont let go of that! If something is repeated over 3 times it becomes repetitive, and that becomes the whole entire album regardless. That was a huge disadvantage for her because I think that the songs are WAY less repetitive than in previous albums. Her loss, though!
I ended up buying the album for my mom, and she loves it. Her favourite is Instant Crush.
I've only listened to the intermittently throughout the years -- I remember HAA coming out, and I just didn't care about the style at that point in time. RAM came out and sparked my interest, and my fiancee suggested I listen to HAA b/c her favorite Daft Punk song is "Prime Time of Your Life". We can't stop listening to all the albums now. Favorite track is "Steam Machine".  
My family is indifferent to it, and my brother just makes fun of me for liking them (just to piss me off)..I don't really like them (my fam) all that much 
So nice, thanks for sharing. Can't wait to hear how people sample RAM as time goes on!
I really like it, very nice job
This is great! Thanks for sharing. Love that bass especially.
Thank you! I'm worried people are going to be scared of sampling it because its such a well known, highly regarded record, but I like to think part of why daft punk made RAM was to inspire other artists and allow them to be creative like daft punk were in making discovery 
Thanks :) I've finished it off now with a bass solo in the middle, glad you enjoyed it!
Creating a vibe with a sample is an art that seems lost on most producers. Good work. 
thank you! i found practice helped, ive been remaking a lot of Discovery to see what Thomas and Guy actually did to the samples :)
I don't think his hair is important. What's important is this short! Had no idea it existed! Pretty cool.
Looking down into the camera so we don't see his full face... intentional?
It is pretty cool. Not sure that it makes me want to buy the clothes that they advertise, just in case my face disappears too when I wear them.
If he has it now he must like it.  It doesn't require in-depth detective work.
Yeah, there's a few pictures with his wife where his face is covered on purpose, like this: 
how nice :)
That was a commercial for clothes?
... That was a commercial? lol
I wasn't saying he should get a haircut, just that he looked older without one.
HELMET HAIR
I want to get the pyramid on the alive 2007 cover. 
Shhhhhhhh
You should first look for a tattoo artist who is also a fan of Daft Punk. Ask around, call your local shops and see if any of them are as big of a fan as you are. Talk to the artist and get their ideas on what to get too..I guarantee you will have a better looking tattoo if you find an artist who has an appreciation for the duo as much as you do.
I'm possibly getting the whole alive 07 cover minus the alive as an arm band
I'm planning on getting a DP-themed tattoo soon, too. I might be getting "Human After All" on my shoulder. Not sure about the font yet, though. I am tempted to go with the RAM-font.
Well I think that would all depend on what your favorite album/song by them is and which one speaks the most to you, that you would want to look down and see.
I'd go with the ..
By the way, post a picture of your tattoo as soon as you get it.
Get the helmets in the side of your wrists, Thomas on the right arm and Guy-Man on the left respectively. Then, if you put your wrists together slowly, it looks just like in the ads. Sorry, I had to get the idea out of my head..But seriously, simply Daft Punk in the album font would be quite neat, though I'm not really into text tatoos..I don't really know about the combined helmets though. It'd be very recognisable and a cool motif, but there's something about the square apect ratio of it that'd bug me as a tatoo. 
ya... don't do it.
Now may you care to elaborate, why shouldn't he?
xgatto,look at his karma . ....
Poor guy must be troubled in real life to be spewing all that hate. 
Or he vents all his hate on reddit and is totally fine and dandy IRL
You're crazy!! 

Gotta wait for them lightning strikes!
Your dance is fine, trust me , you have not seen my....
Is it decent quality? I'll pick one up if it is :D
It's a really nice fit, I'm a really skinny guy though, good quality shirt nevertheless. I haven't washed it yet though......
It's going to sound weird, but can you tell me how it fairs after a wash? I've had prints fade pretty fast before, it'd be much appreciated :D 
Link? 
 Not sure if UK only though. Needless to say this isn't official Daft Punk merch, still a nice knock off though.
Thanks! Even if its not official doesn't matter :) 
TTTEEEEFFFUUURRRYYY WWOOOOOOOOOOO!
Nice !
That's one sexy shirt!
Great shirt!
I found Daft Punk in early 2007 (randomly on YouTube). I listened to some of their stuff and really loved it, but when I heard this I was hooked haha. Although it's not my absolute favorite(that being Rollin' and Scratchin), it's up in my top for sure. Such a great song! I never get sick of hearing it.
It's not an overwhelmingly favorite track by most people, but it is absolutely my favorite. The way this track builds and duels within itself is so awesome. The build up at the end is fantastic, too, if you pay attention to the subtleties. I also love the Alive 2007 mix with Superheroes. The original is still my favorite, though.
Supremely undervalued track. Loved it and the remix in Alive.
couldn't agree more.  While HAA is probably my least favorite DP album, it's still an album I . like.  And "Human After All" encapsulates all the best things about it.  .The way the drums kick off the track, the guitar, the melodic and hypnotic robot voices, the build-up, so, so cool.
this is also the song that got me into daft punk. i was only 12 when they released Human After All and today it's still my favorite song. 
Awesome! Thanks!
like... i just thought I was a pixel
yup, that was awesome!
What movie is that tumbling astronaut at 1:38 from?
The ending scene is the ending of FEZ, such a great ending.
works perfect for this, the end....holy crap
A little bit off-topic, but the trailer for Gravity makes me incredibly uncomfortable. It seems scarier than any film I've ever seen and it's not even horror.
Well that was fuckin sweet!! Great job man!!!!!
spaaaaaace
I'll be honest, the first part of this video, pretty shitty/corny..Once you got away from the astronaut stuff though, highly enjoyable mind trip. .7/10, would wadsworth constant again. 
I think LloydChristmas included the astronaut/space stuff in the beginning to create and propel the narrative of this song. It makes sense to me.
It was fine, but the way it was done came off very corny. Like a bad AMV or something. The clips are from a bunch of different random movies/videos that I know. Should have stayed more ambiguous or stuck with one or two videos sampled. Instead it was that movie coming out this year and explosions explosions asteroids.  Right at :34 the lighting changes suddenly between scenes and starts skipping between clips over and over until 1:44. The way the astronauts move in space changes dramatically. .It destroyed my suspension of disbelief and did nothing to pull me in. When the video starts pulling away from earth though, my suspension was resumed and I found it to be awesome. Just redo that whole minute and 10 between :34 and 1:44
That's a fair criticism, and the beginning definitely was the harder part to execute.  I found it surprising how few movies there were to pull from that had footage of astronauts orbiting the earth, doing satellite maintenance.  I set up a few rules early on in trying to keep fictional movies (i.e. no documentaries) that had similar visual aesthetics; so for example, I couldn't use footage of Dave from 2001 in the red spacesuit because all of the other spacesuits in other clips were white.  It was a challenge to try and keep some sort of narrative with so few plates to pull from..But overall I feel the video accomplished what I wanted it to do, and I would be surprised if the average viewer would be able to pinpoint where each clip comes from (aside from a few obvious ones)
That was a trip!
Asteroid to earth impact executed nicely. 

Very cool, is there going to be a version with rapping?
that's the idea. :) eventually at least.
Can't wait to hear it. Be sure to post it!
That was bad ass. 
I've been knowing this fact and the whole story behind it for a few years now, but it still blows my mind that Laurent Brancowitz was in a Band with Daft Punk and is now a guitarist of Phoenix.
Source: 
I find it cool that I was born on the same day as the new wave was released.
Damn, They are drowning in cash by now. 
Boom 
1M+ physical copies sold worldwide ? have a missed a physical single or ? 
I noticed that too... Maybe they mean physical album sales? That includes Get Lucky.
Very interesting. A bunch of... something
Uhm.... So?
And this, my friends, is what the amazing disco funk we have been jamming out to actually looks like.
I think that's what the robots see. That's what they groove to.
Is it possible to convert it back? (I'm assuming not)
I forced my computer to open a photo in Audacity and then deleted all of the data except for the header. Then I opened Get Lucky and turned it into a mono track and copied and pasted it into the original track. I exported it as a raw data file and appended .tif to it and then opened it up in photoshop and cropped out the blank space as the original photo I used was larger. To confirm it actually worked I reimported it back into Audacity and played it. This would sound really bad if you tried to play the imgur version I uploaded as I had to compress it so it'd upload.
Sounds like you stumbled across a form of ..  .Also, check out 
Dude, I just spent the last hour reading about steganography and the aphex twin face. So awesome!
I am now becoming somewhat of an expert in cryptography. 
What made you think those colors went well with Daft Punk? They're literally wearing all back with a retro look, and you decide to put lyrics from an earlier album with seizure colors..0/10 would not bang.
Looks nice! But it's kind of hard to read
aww... But that's my birthday!
Daft Punk, Kavinsky, Justice, and Sebastien in the same concert? Too good to be true
We at Daft Punk saw that on instagram 5 days ago, with . post. After Kavinsky posted it was "not a party, but art" we figured it was fake.
Not. Fucking. Funny.
Seriously that other post about it had my heart racing so fast. I am very far from amused.
Not funny.....
Mr. Oizo should be on there, too.
I would have listened to Paris so Hard to fly to that music.
Haahahaha I get it, like funny! Hahahaha! I love French humor!
I would kill to see this...literally.
They're missing Breakbot.
Damn that's good.
meh. I love this song but I highly doubt it's Daft Punk. Maybe the CDQ will sound more Daft Punk-esque. Sounds like a Beautiful People sample. Daft Punk wouldn't do a Beautiful People sample, at least I'd expect more from them than that. .This is more likely the Daft Punk / Kanye West song on Yeezus, "Yeezy Season" 

The article says that Thomas and Guy were listed in the credits of SNL (if I understand correctly)'.. if true, I find it incredible none of us noticed that.
I posted it when it came out!! I even said this is probably what we are expecting. Some didn't like it. As someone who listened to a lot of punk growing up, I kind of dig it..Edit* by punk I mean Punk Rock: the casualties, exploited, fear, tsol etc.  
That explains why I like it, too, I guess! I'm not into Kanye at all but it's kind of a cool song. 
I just watched the credits on it, no listing of them (or of the song itself) at all
He meant on the credits of Kanye's performance on SNL.
Oh, I must have missed that. Sorry.
That little riff in between his verses is what got to me!
No, that would be the song produced by Hudson Mohawke, as it samples a TNGHT track.
It's very clearly two songs, the Yeezus track being the first, then the TNGHT track playing afterwards.
The . doesn't feel really like Daft Punk to me.  The beat just doesn't feel like something they would do. I don't think Daft Punk made this.
I like the song, doesn't matter who made it.
I guess Kanye just really wanted it to sound as raw and primitive as possible. I just hope his vocals don't echo as much on the actual song.
Sounds like something right out of Homework to me
Apparently they mostly worked on the drum tracks. There was a thread on this in . yesterday
Well to be fair, RAM doesn't sound like Traditional Daft Punk, and neither does HAA.
In my opinion, Kanye West is one of the douchiest celebrity guys out there right now.. while I do enjoy some of his older music, now I just feel like he isn't that creative and to me a lot of his music sounds like shit now. I can't help but wonder why some guys as cool as daft punk, who don't even need to show their faces or go into public to get people hyped about them and their music, would want to collaborate (and continue to collaborate) with someone as douchey as Kanye West who forces himself in front of everyone's face whether they like it or not...  It seems that a lot of people here do enjoy Kanye West, and that is great.. but I just had to get that off my chest.  
no.
[deleted]
they did donate the car to charity. It's in the end of the music video
Didn't mean to delete my comment. Sorry. I didn't know that. Thanks. 
Columbia and Daft Punk just sponsored a Formula 1 car at Monaco. That is far from cheap, why didn't they donate that money to hungry orphans with diseases?.Stop putting words in people's mouths.
What does this have to do with Kanye West???? 
Earlier this year there was an article where Get Lucky was confirmed to be released as a single, and that is was comfirmed Daft Punk was collaborating with Kanye again.
Yeah, I know they're collabing. I just don't think its Black Skinhead. 
The song is so evidently epic that Ben Affleck is nearly in tears when he introduces Kanye to perform.
They said they worked with him on multiple songs, maybe both are with them?
I dunno. I think its more likely someone at Vevo has no idea what they're doing. 
I find it cool because it shows that Daft Punk can do a lot more than we think
A LOT more.
Pic 4: Did I miss this or was Beryl inspired by Guy-Man?
What's with the fourth picture? Why is the person their with covered in black?
You kinda cropped out Guy-Man in the last picture
Handsome mo'fos.
I love the second pic. Thomas just looks like the nerdiest kid at the party.
I really think . is So-Me not Guy-Man
Let it be known.... once you see them, you can't unsee them. Proceed with caution.
Am I crazy or does he look just a tiny bit like Jack Black?.Am I?.Am I crazy?!
Dunno who the other guy is, but that's Thomas for sure.
NO! WE MUSN'T SEE THEM WITHOUT THEIR HELMETS!
That was the girl who released the picture. She took herself out to avoid being bullied for posting it.
He's still there. He's still staring at you.
Mind blown 
I was so confused for a minute there haha, originally thought Guy was on the very left
I always liked thr last one. Thomas looks like a bum lol
Nope
I would guess it's just a magazine shoot
Aw man, why wasn't I informed about this earlier?! I could've took a trip down to NYC to see them!
Hmm, Guy-Man seems the right height and weight, although the tuxedos do seem suspicious..Fucking hell I need to get a life.
Nono, we're just big fans of Daft Punk. We just notice these things. And you're right about the tuxedos, why aren't they all sparkly and stuff?
What song? 
Are they shoting a music video or just some photos for a magazin?.I can only see a photo-camera,no video-camera seen anywhere 
It's definitely them. Yes they're not wearing the sparkling suits, but they are wearing the shoes. Which aren't something that you could just pick up anywhere.
The shoes gave it away?  How about the helmets?  I don't think you can just pick those up anywhere either, much more likely to get sparkly shoes...
Well this is interesting
Just watched that Vine about 5 times thinking it was a full video, not a vine.
Daft Punk in NY Cityyyyy... motherfuckers
Maybe just advertisement..
This person on Tumblr posted . which show the video camera (or at least I . it's a video camera).
yep thats an video cemara,ty for the pics...so maybe its an new video :) and ho's that girls with them?
Only thing that catches me off guard about this is the lack of shimmer..Also, if it is Daft Punk, they might make a surprise appearance at Kanye's show at the Governor's Ball ...
Don't do that to me.  I'll be at gov ball.  Just got into New York an hour ago.  I'm about to scour Manhattan looking for them right now.
Got into NY earlier today too, but not planning to go to the Governor's Ball.
oh god, i'm so upset, i work on the opposite side of bryant park from where i guess that they were, and i was just leaving at the same time that they were there.  if i would have turned left instead of right to the subway on 42nd i would have run into them.  UGH!!!  i was listening to RAM the whole way home too...the irony... :(
(also, hi, i'm a long time lurker and i just wanted to air my grievances)
Yep, I work about 8 blocks away and just happened to get out early today. If I didn't, I surely would have saw this as soon as they were spotted, and gone and seen it live. Didn't get lucky...
Poor Sara.
A friend of mine got a pic sent to him and like half my office ran out to Bryant park, but we missed them by maybe 10-20 mins. Was so sad
Sorry Sara 
I share your pain. Even if I'm an ocean away. But actually, I'm french. Maybe I've taken the subway with them. I don't know.
i feel like i wouldn't be so upset if i was far away, but the fact that i was a left turn away from them...:(
thank you :'(
" Just days ago they were filming in Copenhagen" I could have seen them on the street ? 
it wasnt them in copenhagen.
But they're wearing tuxedos. Wouldn't they use their sparkly ones? 
Because they only wear them while performing? It's a wild guess 
Perhaps it's for a clothing company? It may explain the female model also...
Their shoes are from the sparkly suit though
Oh shit, you're right. I didn't even see that!
That's what I was thinking. I really hope it's them though.
It's probably an ad, they are taking a lot of stills. 
Yeah, that's probably what they were doing. 
You can see Pharell Wiliams at 1:05 and 2:04
You can see Chilly Gonzales at 2:35 too :)
When was this aired? How old is this?.EDIT: Reframed question.
1:11 - James Murphy from LCD Soundsystem.
Between HAA and Alive 07 it seems
Get Lucky
Giorgio by Morodor. 
Instant Crush (She'll love it)
One More Time
Contact
Touch
Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger
Fragments Of Time
Lose Youself To Dance
Face To Face.There are a lot more vocal tracks, but this will help you start.
In order! 
Around The World (Only one I'd count as having vocals on Homework) One More Time, Digital Love, Harder Better Faster Stronger, Something About Us, Face to Face, Too Long, Human After All, Prime Time of Your Life, Television Rules The Nation, Technogic,
(HHA has all vocal tracks, but most don't have lyrics other than the same words) Give Life Back to Music, Game of Love, Giorgio by Moroder (debatable), Within, Instant Crush, Lose Yourself to Dance, Touch, Get Lucky, Beyond, Fragments of Time, Doing it Right, Contact (debatable). 
Some of my favorites: Fragments Of Time & Face To Face, Too Long Digital Love and Something about Us.  (the last 3 having Vocoder Vocals).Theres a ton more, Game of Love, Lose Yourself to Dance (i loved the vocoder bit in here) 
Rain.. The sound of the future!.I swear there was a thunderclap just after he said 'but everybody calls me Giorgio..' Perfect..EDIT: Another thunderclap during the orchestral breakdown, wow!.ANOTHER EDIT: Don't listen to this with Game of Love or you will cry.
Funny story. The last time I listened to the album in full, I did it sitting in my yard. As Giorgio talked, it grew windier and windier, and started raining  right during the everybody calls me Gorgio bit.
COOL
Thank you.
Amazing work. It looks incredibly complicated, but the end result is damn near flawless.
Holy shit Volpin is on Reddit now? Dude, your helmet is the best I've ever seen. I've been scoping to make one for over a year now. . I hope I can get the money for a cast before you stop making them..EDIT: I want an AMA.
Volpin, you make the best looking Daft Punk helmets around! Do you plan on making another DIY for the Guy-Man helmet? 
When I get around to rebuilding it, yes. I do have a bit of a DIY on my old blog that details that project: .
.

Oh, cool. Too bad this isn't as in-depth as the Thomas one. I plan on buying one of the Guy-Man molds when they're available again. Keep up the fuckin' awesome prop making!
Holy crap its the actual volpin!
Volpin PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE do another My Drunk Workshop Video! Ill even ship you some beer if that's what it takes for you to do another one.
oh my god, the day after that was one of the most painful of my life. At one point, at 5am, I was sobbing into a bucket of puke because I wanted to throw up but there was nothing left, so I just started crying. .I don't think a sequel is apt to happen anytime soon
Fair enough. Nobody likes sobbing into a bucket of vomit.
Volpin, I love you. Been following you a while and I'm working on both helmets right now. I had to start over though, my scale was off on Thomas's helmet and now it's awkwardly big on my head.
Proud owner of cast number 24 right here! Awesome work Harrison.
Dude, is this Volpin props? The helmet you made is probably one of the best one's I've ever seen, and I dream for the day I can either afford a helmet, or are skilled enough to make a helmet as good as the one you made!
Thanks for the compliment! Yes, it's me - and unfortunately I don't take orders for finished helmets anymore (they take SO MUCH time to make) but I do sell raw "kits" for people to trim and paint as they see fit, since I have a mold I can use. .Keep at it - like everything, propmaking is something that comes with practice. Anyone can do it with enough time!
Good luck on the Needler! I follow your posts on Tested. They're really interesting.
Time is what I have the least of :( but I want one SO much!!
Where can we buy the helmet mould?
How much does one raw kit cost?
You can check out my kits on my site, volpinprops.com
Thanks!
How much $ and more work would it require to have a decent looking helmet (without electronics) from one of your "kits"? Bear in mind, I am a complete novice when it comes to anything like this such as resin casting or anything like that..
Its not an insignificant amount of work - I've done a lot of the hard stuff by sculpting the base to start with, but a raw kit will need trimming, sanding, and a lot of smoothing to be ready for chrome. If you check out the instructable, basically everything I did from casting the helmet onward. My mold is pretty good, but the plastic doesn't come out of it ready for chrome. .I wouldn't say its impossible for a novice (my Guy helmet was my first attempt!) but it might be frustrating at times. I would start on something small to get used to things like sanding resin, painting, priming, and smoothing out a round shape. Maybe modify a nerf gun or perhaps try your hand at making the Daft Punk glove pieces first. .Practice is key! Much as we all want to, we can't start out playing piano like a pro or doing backflips on a motocross bike. Start with small things, get used to the process and materials, and then tackle the big job. 
What is the diameter of the helmet? I have a big head, and it would be a mighty shame if I bought one and it didnt fit :(
Few pics with a ruler of a trimmed helmet casting
darn... i think my head is too wide... :(
About how much would it cost for me to make one?
There are plenty of pics without their helmets. Why is this article freaking out like its the first one ever?
The author . asking for leads. And then included the album of all the helmet-less pics that was posted here earlier. 
Dat hair 
i think a more accurate first world problem is that you had $52 to spend on vinyl when you can buy the CD, new, for under $10
I already had the CD. I collect vinyl, too.
I was about 8 years old and to this day I still remember seeing daft punk on there for the first time. 
Pure nostalgia. 
Did they ever show 5555 in it's entirety on Toonami? Also, if I had a second favorite artist next to Daft Punk, it would be the Gorillaz.
Imagine if they showed the music videos for Human After All instead of Discovery. Children would be scarred.
They sound exactly how I hoped they would, although I always thought Guy would have a Hal 9000-ish voice.
This was how I discovered Daft Punk.
me too.i was in love with anime wen i was a kid an when i saw one more time,i fell in love but didnt know what it was(my houseold plays hip hop and latin music) or what genre was it. i forgot all about the mysterious song that played in my childhood until 2 years ago when i  re-discovered daft punk. 
That's the first time I've heard them speaking with their helmets on.. 
They're not speaking with their helmets on. They're using a text-to-voice program.
Same! I have such a crazy and awesome story with those videos and Daft Punk!
Good ole toonami. Dbz+ronin warriors+5555 were great. 
Don't remember much about Toonami except that it was awesome and I miss it.
Toonami lives on :) 

Toonami was brought back to Adult Swim last year, it plays every Saturday Night.
It doesn't have the same feel though, I still enjoy it but it seemed raw back then.  
This is awesome! And Gorillaz too?? Seals the deal.
This was my introduction to Daft Punk, Electronic Music, and animated music videos back then. Just got a huge nostalgia rush from watching that, especially when he said "The PREMIER of their fourth video". Man... .Also, I'm ashamed to admit, but I thought Daft Punk was Eiffel 65 under a different name back then, seeing as they both featured blue aliens. I quickly learned.
This was my introduction to Daft Punk also! Not so much for electronic music, as it wasn't until I was older, in high school, that I realized there was a whole genre of music out there, and not just specific artists like Daft Punk, Ratatat and Fatboy Slim. Seems silly now..Anyway, the nostalgia from this was crazy for me too. These aired when I was 10 or 11...they would come on during commercial breaks for Powerpuff Girls and Courage the Cowardly Dog, which I watched almost daily at my grandma's. And it was summertime so I was able to stay up late enough to catch Toonami... I remember thinking in these commercials that Daft Punk reminded me of that little robot guy from Power Rangers, HA. It's amazing how long ago that was, and how I've been listening to Daft Punk for literally more than half my life now. Very few musicians that I liked when I was a child have endured this long.
That's hilarious. I actually discovered Daft Punk and electronic music through Interstella 5555 but get this - I discovered Interstella 5555 by clicking on the "random page" button on wikipedia, which took me to the movie's article. What are the odds?.Edit: I forgot a word.
If this was made for the 5'' galaxy s4, I would be soooo happy.
Kinda irritating how Android uses desktop style wallpapers and the iPhone doesn't.
if i didnt have that shitty writing i be awesome
and the unmatched helmets
You don't like the RAM style writing?
I think it would look better with out the writing
FUCKING BADASS 
Everything except that "Lose Yourself to Dance" SNL ad "leak" on YouTube was real. 
The titles were correct. The doing it right, Giorgio by moroder, give life back to music (mine :D) leaks were real. That's it I think. 

The list of collaborators as well.
Recorded a guy that was playing it on omegle after he told reddit to go on there with a specific interest (to connect to him). He only played that one song before leaving. I recorded on my computer in my home, while on the Internet. 
Hey man!.Did you ever hear back from him? Now that we're in the safe, haha.
Nope, never replied :(
I thoroughly enjoyed that and I don't know why.
Is that a bad thing? Haha
What's wrong with Within!?
Whoa, Rollin & Scratching at the bottom?
Personally, I would move Something About Us up the list about 50 spots. Probably a top 5 track for me 
It's too depressing, I don't like to feel :(
Finally, someone is giving "Aerodynamic" some love. That's one of my favourite songs ever.
I put it up that high because it was part of that amazing remix and I thought that the two parts should follow immediately since they deserve it.  The top ten was extremely difficult but it would have been in there regardless. 
Make Love is one of my favorites :[
Your hands must be tired after that formatting. My god.
It finally made me fall asleep so that was always good!
I spent some time making this list playable on Spotify via playlists, just put it in order of added and there you go!
Around The World and Touch are way too low. But I agree, the slow songs on RAM are like Something About Us refined. 
To me, I repeat to me, it's a hard song to listen too (you really have to like it).  If I were lifting weights it might be a different story because its really "gritty" but if I had to just listen to it, I would choose a lot of others.  Where do you think it should go? 
I guess I may have been swayed a bit from watching Interstella 5555 (which is unfair because Discovery is the only one with a movie). Depending on what the scene is for that particular song I may have been biased, which in this case is kind of a depressing one :/  
You don't have Daft Club ? .I'm not able to do this, it's way too difficult for me.
Surprised yo put Funk Ad so far up. There's nothing wrong with it, but I barely even remember it exists most of the time.
I absolutely love that "zip" or whatever the hell it is.  I always wish that it was a full-length song instead of a 50 second sample.  
You really won't like Romanthony's Unplugged Edit of One More Time then. :'(

I'm sorry. I'm still getting over the news!
Imagine rating Game of Love higher than Something About Us.I just... I don't know what to say.
:
Well at least you know no one likes the things you do.
Nothing wrong with being a bit self-aware/critical, eh?
How...how do I view/listen to this?  I don't have Spotify :X
You can download spotify ., however I don't recommend it unless you can put up with ads or get rid of them for $5, you get to listen to any music you like (sort of) though..Once you've downloaded it just click my link and it should open the playlist for you.
I am not entirely too sure why that isn't in there (?).  It still wouldn't have been . too high because it reminds me a lot of Voyager, which came first so I tried to give originals preferential treatment. Kind of like Short Circuit and Contact.  Short Circuit had that burn out/fizzle out way before Contact.  Let me see if I accidentally deleted it or not. 
Nightvision at...t-the bottom...?
I... um... yeah..OP, .. You might gain a lot more appreciation for the track.
Yeah remember I couldn't sleep?   I was doing this at 4 o'clock in the morning so I may have not been totally with it. After about the 3rd hour, I was losing touch with reality and honestly forgot what some songs sounded like :P
I prefer the original
That's awesome! I'll have to try this tomorrow. Thanks for posting!
Thanks for watching :)
Good to know i can purchase the single when i didnt yet got my RAM Vinyl. I <3 myplaydirect. Delieverd on 14th of May from uK. I live in germany.
Is this the remix or a vinyl pressing of the radio edit? OR BOTH??
$14.84?! Ha, ordered mine for 2,95.
Where might that be from then...
Why is it July 16 now? The robots said the end of June, and . might be getting it July 6. 
Preordered...
10 minute remix, album edit and radio edit, afaik.
Aaaannnnd not yet on amazon.fr : French fans really don't have any particular consideration :/
It's a good song but the acid synth just doesn't fit.
I'd kill for a re-edit without the Acid synth...
Woaw, thanks a lot, this is really cool, like really really cool.
I was listening to this back in March when it was rumored to be Daft Punk's song and I loved it.  Ever since the album came out I was wondering whos it was, Thanks for bringing it up now that its released.  Its great.
Man Boys Noize takes forever to release new songs. He has been playing this song in his sets for quite awhile now about a year or so. 
Justice played this at Ed Bangerland back in March and a lot of people thought it could be from the new DP album. It's not BN's usual style but I like it.
It's Disco Acid House; obviously it's going to sound like Daft Punk! Haha.Either way, I'm pretty sure Boys Noise is friends with Thomas and Guy! So he obviously had their blessing for the song; maybe he even used some of their instruments! Haha Very cool nonetheless, thanks for sharing!
My new background.
This artist paints and draws lots of Daft Punk pictures, he's awesome...

This is really creative!
that guy on the right is groovin'
Probably jammin' to RAM. (at least that's the face I'm currently making.)
if this could be wallpaper size.  i would be soo happy
Why.... It's cool but by far, really??
And now it is my favorite too. Where'd you find this?
Nile has ALWAYS looked fly!
I'm not sure why this is getting downvoted so hard because it's actually an awesome cover.
At first I didn't like the vocals, but then I started to really dig it.  Anybody know what the second song is that they mixed in?.I also listened to San Cisco's Awkward, pretty good song, plays like an Apple commercial.
The second song they mixed in is also buy Pharrel, and it is called 
Oh damn, managed to record anything?
In case you didn't see this: 
Found it in the youtube link..34:12
Found the full match but haven't reached the point yet, just enjoy a good hockey game i suppose.
He organist has renditions of several top dance hits. pretty dope
Yes! That was the best. 
Should have it on my DVR when I get home. 
Any way you could post it here?
BRUINS BABY!.Is Owen there?.0 AND 3 MOTHERFUCKER WOOOOOOO!
Post it if you can. I wasn't able to record it. It sounded sweet. I'd kill for an organ cover.
looks like my dvr missed it. 
well shit.
I heard Da Funk during one of the Blackhawks games a week ago or so at the United Center.
who is this woman what why
the back up singer where better
I'm just going to pretend I didn't just hear that. Thats okay right? ...right?
Is, this... The Singing , Woman counter... part... of Will.iam, Shat-ner?
Dude.
. . .wat
The shots of the crowd make me cringe.
Meanwhile the band did a damn good job on the cover!
I was waiting for this to appear.. Absolute wench of a woman..
In my opinion, I believe "Contact" is referring to Interstella 555 in some way. Also, "Game of Love" sounds like a follow up of "Digital Love" off Discovery. Just my opinion :/)D 
This is so fucking epic. 
How is anybody supposed to make out what he's saying before "it's definitely not a particle that's nearby."?
It sounds completely clear to me.
I've just realized that my video was playing at 240p
It's a record on a turntable spinning.
Sorry
What it really was: 
Each time I listen to this, I want to go and watch the film Contact again. 
This is my favorite song on the album.
The song played in my head as I read this. 
I remember from the Collaborators and one of them talking about them having old NASA transcripts and one of them saying bob, so they used that one (or something like that)
Yeah DJ Falcon who worked on the track. A long time friend of Thomas and Guy, he was nicknamed Bob. So when they were listening to the mission tapes they heard 'hey Bob' it just clicked!.Fun fact, in the transcript I found. 'Hey, Bob' appears 105 times, including this riveting quote 'Hey, Bob, I Just remembered another switch that I think gave us a master alarm was H20 quantity indicator'.Not quite as cool as what DP found.

Jack: The third wheel
I like to think he was looking at this guy from the digital love music video: 
the day Daft Punk landed on Earth
So they are . robots? Even more awesome.
Found a better version of the Contact video on youtube:

This opening is brilliant. After listening to RAM at least 20 times all the way through...I can't help but think that this song is a continuation or maybe chapter 2 of Beyond. The same "soul" or "idea" that they're describing in Beyond is now being approached and witnessed firsthand...thus, Contact. Maybe describing an actual person or maybe that the dream/memory has been fulfilled. Definitely not a complete theory, but it's crossed my mind several times.
Still oh so haunting. 
What's this whole segment referring to?  A UFO seen from a space station? 
A particle is a term they used to refer to something other than their spacecraft. In the transcript they say it is not a particle so they confirm right there that it's a piece of their spacecraft. Read more here 
more likely space craft debris, like an ejected stage from a rocket
it was concluded to be a rocket stage that was ejected earlier in the mission/in a previous mission.
Edit: At least that's what NASA said/thought
No, thats what they wanted the listening public to believe..im no tinfoil hat conspiracy person... but when it comes to nasa and there audiovideo broadcasts from people outside earths orbit, there is some fucked up stuff going on. .ex: the static and colorflashes on nasas broadcasts? thats a filter they add before boradcasting..edit: thats been proven  by the way, theres a neat documentary on nasa video oddities it if you are interested.. only really need to watch the first 15-20 min because the rest is all supposed UFOs (not aliens. Physical things flying that we cant identify)
With the engine still firing? How did they rationalize the flashes? Anywhere I can read about this in detail?
Though it's hardly a completely credible source, i think it was the contact wikipedia page
Probably the sun glinting off the surface of a (probably metallic) rotating object.
The real measure is the distance. Would a reflection from a rocket cowling be visible from 100k+ km?
I'm no expert but I imagine it would definitely be visible at 100km+ considering its flashing against the static black background of space.
Space isn't black. Cameras need long exposure times in order to pick up starlight. That's why the pictures you see of space make it appear empty. It's . as hell. I'm sure you've seen satellites zooming across the sky at night. Those are pretty hard to spot and they're only a few hundred km up.
A lot of light from satellites (ie reflection off the sun) is diffused by the Earth's atmosphere.
  video blew my mind. One of the last scnes of . could just be the music video for this song.
Except for the fact that the important cuts don't match the transitions of the music. Very few cuts match the beats of the music, but that does not make them match exceptionally well. Also, the original scene is . longer than the song..I agree the mood of the song matches the scene quite well, but it is a huge stretch to call it the flawless/mindblowing match people make it out to be.
This deserves to be seen by all r/daftpunk that was awesome. I don't know if they could make a video better than that. You have my upvote and made my day. Thank you.

Skip to page 340 to read the whole thing!
30 minutes and it still hasn't loaded. .Hell..
Later confirmed that it was just daft punk rocking in space.
It's interesting, it seems that they had blindfolds on to do tests on the high speed particles that cause flashes in astronauts eyes (due to no protection from earths atmosphere).One guy in Apollo 17 takes his blindfold off, looks out and sees this 'thing', you hear him describe in Contact. He gives some measurements, he says that he's been noticing it for 24 hours..NASA on the ground confirm the object really is there, and then they talk about the Dallas Cowboys game. True fact..(The Cowboys won 34 to 24 and face Washington in the playoffs)
What the hell are you even talking about? 
These are the events leading up to, and after the sample used in Contact, check the NASA transcript here:.The quote from Contact starts at the bottom of page 340, I would suggest reading 10 pages before and after to get the whole context.
I thought you meant the object was the cowboy game. I was so confused, I understand now. There's also this
 
The object was obviously a football thrown from that cowboy's game. 
Come on, we both know the cowboys aren't that good. 

For anyone who's wondering, it was concluded to be a rocket stage that was ejected earlier in the mission/in a previous mission. . is that just what they want us to think....^
But they wouldn't even know so they just guesstimated. I personally don't think they were looking at previous rocket stages beings the distance was so vast. There's no way they could see their 'tiny' rocket from 100,000km +
Oh I thought it turned out to be a pulsar. Still, it's not aliens so it's just as anti-climactic 
With all crap we're putting into space...it was definitely aliens.
I think this guy later claims it was in fact a UFO and they hinted at him prior to going out there that anything that seems "unusual" to put on an act hinting otherwise. My Google Fu is not strong on this one but as soon as I can find the source that I seen it from Ill post it.
But you must remember that a UFO simply means a unidentified floating object, so it was one when he said he didn't know what is was. 
Right, but he had to describe how it could be this or that instead of letting there be any indication of something not from Earth.
Exactly. UFO has a very different meaning than originally intended and is usually immediately thought as aliens. 
Dodododaaaaaaaaaaaaa.Naaaaaaaaaa.Naaaaaaaaaaa.Naaaaaaaaaaa
WUUUUUUURRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR...ASDJKASJDAKSDJ...JKH...
...epic...
Oh my god...
My favourite bit:.WUUUUUUUUURRRRRRRRRR UUUU UUU UUUUUUURRRRRRRRRRR.Love dem gaps

[deleted]
2001.
will they make the sequel 2002?
Nope skipped ahead to 2010.
The sequel was .. It wasn't as good..Edit: Formatting..Edit 2: Formatting still off because I can't put in that second bracket reliably. Fuck it.
it was ment as a joke, but there is an actual s sequel? 
i thought it was pretty good. they really do need to make 2061 and 3001 now.
There sure is.

then theres 2061: Odyssey 3 and 3001: The final odyssey.
It's a disco ball..
That is all.
First thing I thought upon hearing the song when the album came out.
I haven't thought about what was being described until I read this transcript. Disco my guess as soon as i finished..Absolutely genius 
I love this interpretation. 
I like to think that it is the spaceship that the Robots arrived on. Obviously their ship would rotate in a rhythmic fashion!
Dude, why not both? They obviously arrived in a disco ball.
I think that's what they were going for as well... 

Holy shit.
This guy is brilliant.
I like the song, thanks for sharing. Here's his Get Lucky cover: 
Hype machine was well deserved
Doesn't seem like it will go platinum with just over 400,000 sales and diminishing return.  But still a strong showing.
They're selling pretty damn well compared to all of their previous albums though.  You never know what the summer may bring once some of the other songs are released as singles.  People are weird about buying albums sometimes and don't do it until there are 2 or 3 singles.  Steady sales may get them there. =)
When ever there is hype I except to be disappoint, but not for Daft Punk. I knew it would be awesome from the day I heard about it.
It's not a theory, they stated in several articles that they helped produce a bunch of songs with Kanye for his next album. They didn't know which specific tracks would be on it tho.
The theory isn't that they helped on the album; we all knew that. The theory is that they produced "Black Skinhead".
oh my bad...my apologies for sounding like a know it all dick
Erm if their names are in the credits, it's not a theory. Cool to see Guy Man and Thomas branch out!
Yeah I didn't want to say "theory" but there haven't been . official press releases about collaborators/track names/etc  so I thought I'd leave it open-ended.
How awesome would it be if they made a Governor's Ball appearance? Kanye West will be there so it wouldn't be out of the question, right? Oh I'm just getting my hopes up.
That would be awesome but I feel like if that was gonna happen their would be more rumors or leaks about it. But then again Daft Punk loves their surprises.
:.
.
.
.

Are the letters that aliased on purpose? The design is very nice, much better than most of the typography ones I've seen in here, but the jagged edges of the letters kill it for me.
thanks, sorry about that i had it done pretty fast
Well, kill it might be a bit harsh, but at least it isn't the instant wallpaper/t-shirt material it could be with the rough edges. Let me know if you clean it up, though!
I swear I've seen this before?... Am I going crazy?
  i did this one a while ago attempting at a spot color shirt print desi
good man!
Reminds me of ., but I'd actually rather your version on a shirt.  Good work..EDIT: Only thing I'd change, though, would be lowering "Harder" so that it aligns better with the left side.
A hahahahahahaha oh my god. Someone get barry manilow to record a new sample. This is gold.
That is awesome. Raise 'em young, right?
I don't think I'll be able to unhear it next time I listen to the song.
I'm honestly half-surprised Weird Al Yankovic never did a cover parody of the Manilow song that DP sampled. We could've worked off of that and make a hilarious remake of Superheroes!
Generally a good idea to raise children when they are young
I don't know what I was thinking. I think I was thinking of the "Teach 'em young" phrase. Thanks for catching me. 
1) Giorgio by Moroder
2) Television Rules The Nation / Crescendolls (Alive 2007)
3) Rollin' and Scratchin' (Alive 2007). 


(4. robot rock because lol)

 Something About Us. Beyond. Around the World

1.Face to Face
2.Technologic
3.Fragments of Time
Aerodynamic, Around the World/Harder Better Faster Stronger and The Brainwasher


I really enjoy the homework album
I have to choose three?!
Something About Us, Aerodynamic, Tron Legacy.
1.short circuit. cause I put it on the jukebox 10 times in a row at a Mexican food place. hilarious..2.face to face. cause I sent it to a girl on fb and she hung out with me face to face.3.doin it right. cause it got me laid. 

Da Funk
Voyager
Primetime of your life alive 2007


Digital Love
Make Love
Lose Yourself to Dance

(Within as an honorable mention)
Contact
Phoenix
Robot Rock
No love for Tron?





"Pablo, go tell that Pendejo to turn off that crappy shit"
this might be the hardest question ever, so I'm gonna go by my Last.FM stats which ranks how many times I've listened to which songs.
Tough one. I'd say my  number three is Aerodynamic, just because the first time I listened to the album, I really didn't like One More Time or this song. Then the guitar riff came in. Bought the album the next day..Number two probably has to be Digital Love. I barely need to explain it, the way it builds, the way it finishes with that kick ass guitar solo, so perfect. .And number one is Touch, by far. Love the opening build up. Paul Williams Vocals bring me to tears of joy and sadness and the choir section, just perfect. I'd actually say the best part is the last few seconds. "You've almost convinced me I'm real, i need something more..." Get Lucky starts. Perfect, Daft Punks Bohemian Rhapsody..tl;dr
3. Aerodynamic
2. Digital Love
1. Touch
[deleted]
No can do, buddy.
I see only one with Aerodynamic... :(
ALL OF THEM!
Don't judge me. 
What did he/she say?
'ALL OF THEM!' - 
Face to Face.Something About Us.Doin it Right
awwwww yeeeaaahh, the encore was hands down the best track on that album.
Honourable mention: Fragments of Time
Todd Edwards fan I see :D

I haven't listened to RAM yet. (Waiting to return home from university to listen to the album on vinyl) .-Voyager.-Face to Face.-Human After All
Just 3?!?

I can tell that you're a chill person
i will listen to these tracks forever. i get so transfixed with the experimental influence these tracks have...

I never understood why Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger isn't in the title of Face to Face / Short Circuit. It has driven me mad for years.
I figured that they sample HBFS in so many of the songs of the album, it'd be a turn off to people buying the album when half the songs sample the same audio.
I fucking love Face to Face / Short Circuit so much.
Oh my god me too! I thought I was the only one. 
BEEP BEEP BEEPBEEP WWWWWAAAAHHH
What songs could be in the new app?
I think Lose Yourself To Dance would be a great song for the app.
why am i just now discovering iDaft
 is the guy who created iDaft, maybe he can elaborate...
Maybe the developer got a deal with Sony Music and it's being released as an official app or something?
I hope for 'Get Lucky' and 'Lose Yourself To Dance'; my personal favourites.
A new version with some of the songs from RAM?
forgot to say too, it had the caption 'are you feeling lucky' so i think it will most definitely have get lucky included if it is released
For the people with dumbphones, what is iDaft?

well there went 2 hours of my life. lol
If I were to guess, it'll probably be . and . that will get the iDaft treatment.
i think get lucky would be interesting, other than the vocoder bit, the majority of the song has continuous singing so i imagine it's a difficult task to turn that into a fun app, im optimistic though!
That makes the most sense, I guess those are the two songs with the most repetitive lyrics.
Then again, look at the Technologic. The made a game out of that.
Yesss please love the app !!!!!


its amazing indeed
I just drooled all over this wallpaper.
I just love being reminded that these . robots are actually real every now and again. Sometimes I just end up thinking they're mysterious entities of music who decided to bless us with their sound.
lol I still remember listening to the looped version.
Chills. Everytime.
Jesus, this is getting nostalgia-reposted already?
First time I heard it I ran screaming around my house thinking i was dreaming, then I commenced to listen to it literally all night long.
For me, it was the .. After years of rumors of a new Daft Punk album, it finally hit me that me favorite artist was returning. That was what pure joy felt.
I was at Coachella but missed the video.  .However, this boosted my expectations for Daft Punk to show up during Phoenix...sigh...
I'm so sorry.
Now familiar like an old friend <3.The feeling that their back! They're FUNKY! What's in store..? So much potential in those 15 seconds.
Everyone else remember where they were at the exact moment they first heard it?.I was having a pretty terrible day at work/customers were being pretty rude (I'm a server) and I first heard it on 20 minute break. My co-worker says I was all teary/starry eyed.
repost. .edit: joking.
I vividly remember how I reacted- in fact, I was much more ecstatic in those 15 seconds than when I learned the album leaked..I was sitting on my couch, on my phone as I often sit during SNL commercials. Then, I heard the music. It didn't click for the first 10 seconds, but then I just KNEW what it was. I knew in my gut what it sounded like, it was unmistakable. I look up and saw the helmets coming together. I jumped out of my chair, grabbed the remote, and replayed it 3-4 times. I had to just dance to it, the groove was too strong. Then I went on social media and freaked out about the Daft Punk commercial during SNL..The rest is history.
I guess you have to like anime...
Came for the music, stayed for the butts and breasts.
have a listen to the Edwin van cleef remix 
Daft Punk should definitely sample this on their RAM remix album.
Oh god, that was hilarious!
Hahaha, this reminds me of .So hilarious.
I know the name of the group is 'Mariachi sangre azteca" but this is not mariachi music at all..At most it's some kind of ballenato (kind of latin polka). The mariachi musical style has some particularities in composition and execution, for example no percussion, even less a bongo..This is just a bunch of latinos fooling around with their instruments and the song. I'm mexican and I just hated it.
YES!.But needs more mexican monkey
I called my mom to let her know that she's slacking on her mothering.
I got mine last night too! I should also frame mine...
A $7.00 magazine?
I paid $5
Enjoy it. The Daft Punk article is great and the other ones are really interesting, too!
Hey, I worked hard for that $7.00 magazine. 
That magazine had my 3 favorite things.
The most amazing mother bought you...a ten dollar magazine...?
You cut the lawn, didn't you.
Hit the nose. :)
It was the best issue of Rolling Stone in a long time.  That magazine has fallen so far...
So THAT'S why they always wear helmets... They're rabbits. 
I've been dying to find any of the promotional material. Where did you get the banner or posters?
I have the Alive shirt too! But mine's colors faded away after the first wash. I still wear it though
[deleted]
I went to my local music store where they had one hanging and I asked the manager if there was any way he could give it to me.  If you're lucky enough and have good timing, they'll give it to you.  For example, if they're getting ready to promote another new album release, they'll be taking down the daft punk stuff and putting up new things.  I got mine at FYE, if that helps.
So fye was a no go... Gonna try Barnes and noble, I went to go to collony in NY but apparently they closed down? I don't really have any local record shops, any one have any other suggestions?
Headed to FYE tomorrow... Thanks for the tip
Where did you guy the Discovery shirt? I've been looking everywhere for one.
They sold that one at hot topic as well as the alive shirt. I bought both but they sold out pretty fast. You could probably find it online though.
Thanks for the info, I'll have a hunt around. I did find one Discovery logo shiet but the company seemed somewhat dodgy and the image questionable. 
Where did you got that amazing bunnies drawing ? 
It was a valentine's gift from my girlfriend hahaha.
you should marry her !
I'm no interior decorator or anything, but I'm proud of this.  I'm still unpacking, so I have a few other things to put up there. (HAA, ALIVE 2007, etc...)
Where did you get the pyramid t-shirt? It's amazing!
My mom bought it for me a few years ago in two different sizes.  I'm not sure where she got it though. :\
so jealous of your Alive shirt. I saw one at Hot Topic once before I was a huge Daft Punk fan and was tempted to get it but decided against it. I have regretted that decision ever since. 
That's not Bugs.
Correct.  It's Babs and Buster.
I bought it online about 5 years ago.  I know that doesn't help, but I always buy two, assuming I have the money.  One to take care of and one to wear out.
I would never hang any of those things other than the poster. It's fine if you want to show it off if people come over, but to be honest it looks terrible. .You've got some great stuff but it's not really the way to display it. Plus, do you want holes in your shirts?  
I have two copies of everything you see on this wall.
So, you tryna sell some stuff? Hahahah. I just think it's not the most appealing thing to look at. Maybe some shadow boxes for the albums and shirts, right now it just looks sloppy. But I love your passion for the robots, if I had any gear I'd definitely show it off somehow. 
Yeah I feel ya haha.  As it stands right now, it's really, uhh, rough looking.  I'm just getting started actually hanging things up.  Finally.  I just like being able to walk into my bedroom and see something familiar.  Since I moved pretty far from where I grew up, it's nice to have the bots looking over me haha.
Can you take a wider picture? When did you move in? Your own place is pretty awesome :D 
Also: . if you're a guy.
I am.  Excellent idea!
I'm sorry, but this man is spot-on. It looks terrible and cluttered. The disks would be better on a side table or shelf. Shirts only really work if they're framed, like sports jerseys.
Never use photobucket. Nice picture though.
Very nice ! \=/ \n/
It's weird how David has barely any accent at all. ._.
"Per-fucked!"
Guetta away from me.
they know each other well, it's normal...
Met David back in 2007, had a quick chat. Watching this all I can think is his english has improved A LOT!
Shame it didn't influence his music.
The electronic side of Nothing but the Beat has a strong Daft Punk and Justice influence. 
Early Guetta (1999/2000-ish) was really awesome. The stuff with Kid Cudi isn't really bad either, but he did get oversold. 
I like his music, even the poppy stuff
Whenever I watch a video about this show at Madison Square Garden, I cry like a little girl who sees Bieber..Was the fucking only place to be that day.
Daft Punk should remix Trying To Be Cool, just sayin'
That guy at the beggining freaking out. Lols
Does anyone know where I can find any sort of non-live version of the mix they played?
They should stick to modeling.
I get this. Like in the artistic sense, I . this..This is a clever artist who is making a commentary about art, fashion, music and performance. This is a commentary on the our obsession with beauty and fashion and how at it's core, it relies on talentless people to be the emissaries of mindlessness. They used a high-quality pop music that relies on talent, taste and knowledge to make this message clear.
oh i don't know if that tops the cringeworthiness of 
LOL! You know what? You might even be right.
  this or this .    are reallllllllllllllly bad the one on purpose but still
You do know the guy with three heads is Darth Maul. 
but these are not cringe worthy... they're hilarious
I think the most cringe worthy one is ..
I couldn't make it past 20 seconds.
Yea, that was pretty bad.
That one makes me laugh. Just some dudes having fun.
Drunk dudes having fun is the best dudes having fun.
we both look drunk and paul (in black) definitely was. i was actually working so i was stone cold sober haha.
Good Luck during labor(:
An unborn baby robot \=/ \n/
This friend is a keeper
I still cry every time I listen to it, especially when Paul Williams sings the line "you've almost convinced me I'm ...." :'(
I think the dixieland jazz section is some of the most perfect music I've ever heard in my life!
Basically, to sum up what everyone has been saying, in my perception, (me included) "my feels were thrown across the galaxy"
I remember touch 
...pictures came with touch..
A painter in my mind
Tell me what you see
A tourist in a dream
A visitor, it seems.
lucky you! the first 2 times i listened to it i was having chills all over my spine but after that time i'm not having anymore strong sensation,i just feel like it's a very good song. Oh,what am i missing? :(
I don't mean to bash on you or anything, but in my opinion it was the worse track from the album. It started off slow, with Paul's voice (which admittedly I dislike) then progressed into a sort of show toon like rhythm. It just didn't fit with the other tracks. The first few times I listened to RAM I didn't like Touch or Within. Within got better after a few more listens, but I just can't get into Touch. Meh, to each his own!.*edit: Wow guys, I was simply saying my opinion. Why the downvotes?  
You dislike it subjectively. But that doesn't mean its a bad track. What they did musically is incredible.
It's an appreciation thread that's why...
You may be right. It just didn't sound "Daft Punk" to me. 
What does sound Daft Punk to you?
that's a nice question :) they change so much their music 
Exactly, it's like people saying Digital Love is awful because it sounds nothing like Da Funk 
When I first heard Touch, I was going through some relationship troubles..So as soon as the song slowed down to the "Hold on, if love is the answer you're home" part, I got really emotional.... And then that abrupt silence in the song comes and Paul delivers his last lines, and I'm 
I feel this track leads into 'Get Lucky' very well.
It is a FANTASTIC transition. Reminds me of DSOTM...
I really wish the big band jazz section was longer!
I don't. 
I didn't know Paul Williams well enough to recognize the name, then realized he was the piano teacher in an episode of Dexter's Laboratory, one of my favorite childhood shows.  Then I was playing it and my mother heard it, she was a big Paul Williams fan..Their album of nostalgia invoked a nostalgic response in two people for two separate reasons.  Pretty cool stuff.
Touch has to be one of my favorite songs on the album.  Although the begining of the song scared the living shit out of me the first time I heard it.
I too find the intro a bit eerie
I think of this song like a short film depicting one man's life every time I listen to it; Bare with me for a second:.A dead man's soul floating around in space moments following his death. Words and ideas echo around him..Minutes before the old man on his death bed reflects on "touch," flashing back to quick moments from his childhood touching paintings, grass, etc..He flashes back to the first moment he kissed his would-be wife, and other times he spent with her before finally proposing to her..The glorious dance he shared with her on his wedding day. Everything gleams around them..We are sucked out of this moment into space..We are then immediately propelled into snippets from his post-marriage life spent with his wife: The honeymoon, the fun little moments shared at breakfast, dancing to records in the living room, etc. all culminating with a super quick shot of love-making..Sucked back into space and flying through the stars..Jumping into the final phase of his life: parenthood. We see snippet after snippet of his experience raising his children fly by as he and his kids get older and older..We're back in the hospital room with the man belting out the final lines of his "speech" about touch..The man drifts out of consciousness for the final time, leaving his life behind. We drift away from his body and into the sky as the video fades out.
No promises, but I'm heavily involved with video work and acting, and I might be able to make this happen. 
Actually, I'm working on a video in After Effects for this song. I've already got 1 min of it. Sadly, it's not really the way most would want it from this comment, but I am working on it. 
Right in the feels.
*you've given me too much to feel.FTFY
EDIT: Just made . Just throwing it out here.

Please share! 
Do it! 
They have said they will not tour with this album.. but if they do tour again it will be something that mixes together their entire career.. just like an Alive tour.
It would be soul train in space if you ask me 
I was actually thinking the same thing.
I wish they would have a live band along with most of the collaborators
I would say the tour would definitely be 70s to 80s fashion like the album. If they're mixing their discography, there will still be synthesizers but I imagine a lot of real instrumentation if the duo can tour with everyone who worked on this album. 
sorry to burst your bubble but they wont tour the album, .Edit: grammar
can't remember where but they said if they tour it will be a compiliation of all of their works not just RAM..sorry to burst your bubble
yeah i saw that somewhere to just couldn't find the source so i just left it out and my bad with the grammar
Implying this is their last album... (please tell me it's not)
I would say no pyramid at least not how we know it and Gm&T are playing instruments and singin, with a live band, maybe some of the collaborators are there maybe not, classic stage performance.
I seriously doubt they'd get rid of the pyramid.
I seriously doubt they'll use the pyramid, considering they said themselves they won't.
They have? That really sucks then. 
The lights dim... and the robots emerge from a huge backlit steaming turd and start ramming dildos in everyones ears
... 
Beautiful
I could never quite remember the lyrics to this song.
Am I a bad fan for not knowing this was the two of them?  I absolutely loved this song back in the day.
i listened to the . and really enjoyed that, i feel even worse :(
Instant crush:(
One More Time Romanthony's Unplugged Edit. :'(
The fist listen to RAM was an emotional one indeed. Just laying on my floor in the dark surrounded by the music.
None, but one that gives me goosebumps every time is Touch.
Human After All. 
I like the second half of the song..But I still don't like the first half.
At first listen, I had thought something like, "ok...that was interesting". 
It has now become (hands down) one of my favorite songs. I cannot stop listening to it, and I cannot give a good reason why...but I really don't need one.
THAT IS EXACTLY WHAT HAPPENED TO ME!
Both
yea thats what I thought in the beggining but later on it just didnt feel that way, it felt like a song, that had everything a song could have.
Same here, I almost skipped it few times, but I remembered I just had to hold on.
I still get creeped out when I hear the start. 
Ha, yeah same here I skipped it but i knew it got good.
I could listen to that part on loop forever.
It's awesome, but in my opinion it doesn't hold a candle to the . piece.
It's easily my favorite song on RAM. Easily.
I do.
I enjoy the whole album.
My fave is instant crush tho.
The intro makes me think about space, very robotic and cool.
I love it. I listen to it when my windows down on these hot days. Makes me feel relaxed. 
It's been my favorite since the first listen.... 
I cant wait for them or someone else to make a banging house remix sampling the intro.
Beyond is the best track on RAM, should have been track #1, as it offers a smooth transition from Tron Legacy. 
For me it goes; Instant Crush > Contact > Motherboard > Giorgio > Beyond > the rest > Lose Yourself to Dance..I really do like them all though, I . every track outside of "Lose Yourself To Dance", which I only like.  
Beyond is definitely an underrated track!! It's flawless! The beat, the vocals, the lyrics, the intro. Perfect!
The lyrics and the vocal melody absolutely shine. .It also reminds me of Regulate by Warren G. 
Regulate just sampled Michael McDonald - I keep Forgettin. Give credit where it's due. Those early yacht rockers made some deep and funky beats. 
yes
I love how after the frantic rhythm guitar of 'Get lucky' you get the sweet smooth guitar/lyrics of beyond to follow it up with
I couldn't pick a favorite song on the album, but I do love this one a lot.
[deleted]
First time I heard it I thought it was "Neon dreams"
insant crush for me
It's my favorite track on the album
The end of Beyond (starting around 3:30) sounds similar to Alan Parsons Project to me, kind of like Pipeline..Definitely not a bad thing at all.
BEYOND IS GREAT. Like wow..At first listen, it was so surreal hearing the robots sing for so long. The contrast between the shorter sections of vocoder made it much more surreal..The best part is the transition in the "duet"."you are the night, you are the ocean,"
Although I don't have a favorite so to speak in RAM (I just love the album as a whole), it is one that I do like a lot. I'd have to say the weakest songs for me are The Game of Love and Motherboard.
I agree, but I like them anyway
Yeah, for some reason Motherboard just doesn't do anything for me
Yeah it's grown on me and now it's my favourite..For now... 
I love it too.
I like the whole album, but Lose Yourself to Dance is my favorite track. Doin' It Right and Within are a close second and third respectively.
i do!!!! :)
It's not my favourite on the album, but I do love it. It's been growing on me lately. The lyrics are pretty impressive.
It is my personal favorite song in RAM. I find the lyrics to be inspirational to any musician out there who is trying to find a sound of their own. "There's no such thing as competition, to find our way we lose control" I could keep going, every line brings more color to the song, but I rather have you listen to the track :)
I really like the song, but I can't understand why everyone is so gaga over the lyrics, even though they're pretty terrible. They're just textbook (TvTropes Warning) . that sound like they're profound but actually don't make any sense at all.
You're looking for meaning when it's more about the lyricism.  Sure, they don't stand on their own, but DP are not trying to be Bob Dylan.
pretty fucking incredible track. i still think the disney-movie intro is awful and amazing, but damn does the rest of the track rule. those nice grooves and those robot voices dueting sound incredible. the lyrics are awesome as well, especially 'the best song is framed with silence / it speaks of places never seen / etc' and 'this is a journey of the soul'
I love the instrumental intro, it reminds me of the movie 'Spirited Away' for some reason
Yeah definitely The first time I heard most of the songs there were some i did not really like. But now I basically love them all Contact and fragments of time being my favorite.
love the song but hate the intro so much, i cropped it out.
Least favorite song on the album. I say LEAST FAVORITE because it's still a good song. I honestly just don't like the orchestra intro.
Yes!! This one reminds me of Something About Us the most which is why its my fave
I skip it all the time when it comes up on my phone. But I love it every time I play it on vinyl. Don't know what it is about motherboard and beyond those are the two tracks I skip all the time. 
I LOVE Beyond. It's chill and easy to listen to, but still makes me want to get up and dance. Really quite beautiful.
The weakest songs for me definitely have to be The Game of Love and Doin' It Right, which is bothersome, because I was so excited to hear that Panda Bear was on the record.
The bit where the lyrics are "journey of the soul". For some reason the effect they put on "soul" gets me every time.
I love it but I think the orchestra part at the beginning is unnecessary. It's nice if you're listening to the entire album, but if this song came up in a more general playlist, I would definitely want to fast forward through that part. 
Of course! More songwriting gold from Paul Williams.
'Beyond' is great. I picture the Robots giving advice to all musicians in the first verse. (Before sounds to be found, close your eyes and RISE)
And in the 2nd verse I picture that they're speaking to their robo-muse or the metaphysical concept of 'Inspiration' itself. (You are the night, you are the light, you are the end and the beginning, a place where time is not allowed).Awesome
Yes. It's one of the tracks I listen to most from RAM. .. Check it out.
The more I listen to it, Fragments of Time is my favorite. Beyond is a close second or third. Followed by Doin' it Right.
Happens to me all the time! First i hate it then i love it hhahha. Had the sean reaction and now is one of my fauvorites
The end sounds like somebody pissing
The rests between the lyrics and emphasis on certain words makes this one of my favorites. "To the land... of.... LOVE!.... Beyond on love". When you hear first hear "Love", notice all the instruments take it up a slight notch in volume. Amazing production.
I enjoy the track but it's just too similar to I keep Forgetting for me to love it.
My best friend does.  It is in my top 3 or 4; I hold it in the same regard as Game of Love and Within, no real favoritism between the three.
No.
I love this song, it's got such great lyrics..However, everyone I listen to it, I hear Michael McDonald's "Keep Forgetting"  in place of the actual lyrics. It's got a very similar feel, in my opinion 
Thank you! It's those descending chords, and they are also sampled by Warren G and Nate Dogg in regulate, and it drives me crazy. Because of this I can't fully enjoy the song.
You're welcome... I guess?
I feel better now knowing I'm not the only one who saw the connection.
I feel beyond has the best use of robot voices in the entire album. I love the song 
Nah, I LOVE how the robots steal the show in Lose Yourself to Dance.  .Beyond's lyrics are fantastic. 
I love Lose Yourself to Dance's robot voices as well but Beyond just gives me mad goosebumps.
It's easily my favorite song on the album, which is saying something. I love the progression from Beyond -> Motherboard -> Fragments of Time -> Doin' it Right -> Contact. 
I love the progression between Give life back to music all the way to Contact =)
Well, that too :P
It's a beautiful song, definitely.  I feel like the pure Daft Punk tracks, as a whole, are stronger than the tracks with guest features.  That said, Touch is my favorite song on the album.  .Give Life Back to Music, Giorgio by Moroder, Within, Beyond, and Contact are all amazing.  Of the guest features, I'd say Touch, Instant Crush, and Lose Yourself to Dance are some of the strongest ones..The entire album is so amazing though.  I wonder how many songs they'll remix for RAMRemix?
For the record, Giorgio by Moroder involved the man himself, Within involved Chilly Gonzales, Beyond involved Paul Williams, and Contact involved DJ Falcon. I believe Motherboard and Game of Love are the only "pure" Daft Punk tracks.
Giorgio didn't do the synths though
Oh....well then.
Beyond
Vocals: Daft Punk
Guitar: Paul Jackson Jr.
Pedal Steel/Lap steel: Greg Leisz
Keyboards: Chris Caswell
Synthesizers: Daft Punk
Bass: James Genus
Drums: Omar Hakim.You probably meant Paul Jackson Jr :)
Interesting that it's not on the CD credits..Paul Jackson played on a lot of the tracks on the album, but I think he only co-wrote Give Life Back To Music, though I'm not sure.
Interesting indeed. Thanks for the new info! :)
Wait, did he sing Beyond?
Nope, just wrote the lyrics. I think Thomas and Guy-man did the vocals, you can hear the different accents.
One of my favs, no doubt. But then again, almost all tracks on the album are.
I like it, but the intro does not mesh well with the rest of the song and kind of turns me off waiting for it.
Exactly. It does not play well outside of the context of the album. If you're shuffling? Shit is awkward.
probably i'm the only one that really like the intro
It's very very cool, however I am still undecided whether it fits the song
Suuuuuch a classic disco intro.
You are not alone.
Some say, Thomas AND Guy are singing this song...
It is very plausible. It has been often pointed out that their accents differ quite much. While Thomas speaks quite clean English, Guy-Man has a heavy French accent. If that's right, you can distinguish them quite well in the song.
I love Guy's accent :D
Is it supposed to be only one of them?  I always figured it was indeed both singing.
I was sold when I heard 'You are the night you are the ocean'. Right there, that's magic. Probably one of my favorites.
For me it was "It is the birthplace of your dreams" and "You are the end and the beginning"
I love it because you can really hear the french accent, sounds very nice =)
I don't think I've seen this mentioned much, so I'm glad someone else besides me really gets something out of Daft Punk's French-accented vocals.
Well, I just LOVE music where it's well produced or made by really good musicians. I guess you could call me a music nerd :P
"There's no such thing as comptition"
I've heard it so much but I can't hear the accent :(
Close your eyes... and riiiiseee!
Riiiiise-
I think a lot of people skip it because of it's intense intro and chill beat, right after Get Lucky, and right before Motherboard, so I can see how it's easily skipped (I admit I did the first few times)..But you're right, lyrics are magical and the song itself is the bees knees. Easily the most underrated song of the album.
Skip? I have yet to skip one track and I've listened to the album multiple times a day since the leak xD
Nothng is skippable in this album
I personally think the track is the weakest song on the album, in my eyes its not laid out correctly. The intro sounds something like Nobuo Uematsu would compose for final fantasy, and I feel that the transition between that segment and the vocoder/slow bits just doesn't work well. Also the stark difference in feel and atmosphere between the Uematsu bits and the vocoder bits just seems jarring. Again this is just my opinion, the rest of this album is great, I just feel like Daft punk's exposure to strings through TRON:LEGACY worsened a few songs off of this album (like Giorgio and Beyond) however it did make some songs incredible (like Touch)
Holy crap thats crazy that you think that. I'm like the opposite. Beyond is my favorite track, but I think Touch is the weakest track on the album..The singing in Beyond just gives me chills, and it's so relaxed. When they say "It is the birthplace of your dreams" I get this feeling that I can't describe. Whereas with Touch I hate the singing and feel like its all over the place.
I'm with you on that. I kind of wish they had stayed away from this, not a fan of this or Touch. They just don't do it for me like the rest of the album does
I can agree with you about the intro in Beyond, but I think the violins in Giorgio sounds amazing.
You are an idiot. 
Personally thought Motherboard was the weakest... But thats just me, Beyond takes some time to get used to (for me at least it did)
I disagree about the strings worsening Giorgio and I'm ambivalent to their effect in Beyond..Interestingly enough Daft Punk did say they recorded orchestral parts for all the songs on the album but decided to only go with what you hear now.  I can't imagine where orchestra would have played in some songs..For me on Beyond, it was jarring at first, but I've spent a lot of time warming up to the track and when you look in classical music its not unusual to go from a fanfare sounding part like the opening to Beyond to a quiet but driving part like the rest of the song, but usually you visit that fanfare part again and Beyond never does that which did seem odd.
No I'm pretty sure fragments of time is the worst...
It's more like a movie than a song.  Listen with your heart, not your head.
The people who don't like Beyond aren't capable of doing this. Probably too busy listening to dubstep/pretending to like Daft Punk.
Yeah, the intro for Beyond sounds too Disney for me. 
To me, the strings intro seems like a direct homage to the similar intros from songs of the era they're channeling. Note that Give Life Back to Music also contains an intro like that, although the style is a bit different..Compare it to the intro on, for example, George Duke's I Love You More. (It should sound familiar :P).edit: 
i feel the same, you're aren't alone. i guess i just don't 'get' touch, but i have listened to it about 6 times now and i just can't enjoy it. Probably the same reason I don't like Contact as much either. LOVE beyond.
Upvote for sharing your opinion, but I couldn't disagree more. I love the track, and . that transition. Definitely wouldn't call it the weakest of the album.
Nice. I have played and composed music for decades now, its just something I noticed, apologies for not fitting into your distorted norm, asshole.
If you don't like Beyond, you aren't a true Daft Punk fan. Gtfo this sub. 
I like Beyond, but honestly I wish it was an instrumental track, or at least with smoother singing. It has one of the best introductions I've ever heard on a song, then smooths down and mellows out. This isn't necessarily a bad thing but I would have preferred a whole song like that introduction, where I could bang my head and tap my foot uncontrollably like Daft Punk has me doing so often. .To me the vocoder singing is anti-climatic. After a huge, theatrical introduction like that I either want to hear Daft Punk jamming out on some powerful instrumentals with at most a one-liner loop (like Robot Rock or Superheroes), or to hear someone with a voice as good as the music (Paul Williams would have been a good fit here). This would create a song of the epic scale that only Daft Punk can make. There's already two songs with mellow vocoder singing - "Game of Love" and "Within", and while I don't skip over them, they're definitely not the most memorable tracks. Besides, 8 of the 13 tracks have full lyrics. I won't count Give Life Back to Music or Doin It Right since it's just the same verse over and over again, and Giorgio By Moroder is just him talking for 2 of the 9 minutes. To me that's more than enough for the robots..If there is one thing I would have liked to see different on RAM, it's more instrumentals where we could hear Thomas and Guy-Man going all-out. It's just what Daft Punk does. They could have still kept the retro vibe without feeding full lyrics into every song. I like the singing, but sometimes I just want to appreciate their ability to make killer instrumentals.
Hit the nail on the head.
Exactly. When the list originally leaked (with all the names and artists), I really looked forward to Motherboard, as it was really the only song that was just Daft. .Turned out to be nothing like what I expected, but I still like it.
Agreed. At first I didn't like Motherboard because it was so un-electronic and unfamiliar with the woodwind and water but now I've come to appreciate how intricate and deep it really is, especially after the 3:00 mark. It's one of my favorites now.
Hey don't downvote him guys, it's a fair opinion.
Its okay, I didn't expect anything else seeing as this is a pro-Beyond thread. It really doesn't matter much, I just wanted to say what has been on my mind for a while.
I love the 'You are the night you are the ocean' lyric part! I can't think of any other word to describe it other than beautiful!
This is the one part I can tell for sure guyman is on the vocoder. 
Is that it? I always thought it was "you are the night beyond the ocean" since the song is called beyond and all. 
That's a . transition  
Remember love's our only mission. This is the journey of the soul.
"The perfect song is framed with silence" is my favourite line. :)
Such a perfectly worded line. 
I always sing along at that part, I just have to. Gives me goosebumps every single time.
Hmmmm yes, sounds nice  !.My name is Giovanni Giorgio but everybody calls me.( _).( _)>-.(_).Giorgio.
bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump bump.......
It's a little too high noted for my tastes; I also dislike the extra filter they put Giorgio's voice through...a little cliche and expected..I will agree that it's tasteful though.  It doesn't butcher or bastardize the song..I do think it started giving me a headache though haha
100% agree on the voice part. .I couldn't pin point why exactly this song annoyed me (because I in fact did like it, but I just didn't want to listen for some reason). It's because of the high notes, they're irritating!
Totally agree on the vocal filter, I like a lot about it though. The repurposing of the guitar samples is great. 
What's true as i am completely missing it as over 24 hours i have had 3 hours sleep so my brain isn't capable of finding what this guy means. I'll try again in the morning if someone hasn't explained.
Instabul...(un)intended pun. I like it!
Holy Crap! I thought that this was real and I freaked out for a second! Now I'm sad :(
Ticketmaster? Fuck that.
The cities and dates were taken from the Alive 2007 tour just to clarify!
don't put ticketmaster on anything.  those assholes need to die in a fire
Mississauga? That's random. If you don't mind me asking, how did you come up with these cities? lol
I think it's a lil title bit messy tbh :/
No Stockholm? Damn you!
I like how you made the citys not so "mainstream" like Berkely and Brooklyn (and also that there is on near me!)
Wow, nice work! This looks official. If I saw it posted somewhere without context, I'd probably think it was..They were playing in Canada in 2007? 
Remember latinamerica :(
Yesss! theyre coming to perth 
Red Rocks in Morrison, CO. nice
Dublin/Belfast plz
Love this! Just a quick thing though, I would move "Alive" and "2017" down a bit. It's a little too close to the edge of the poster. But that's just from a designer standpoint, freaking love it either way!
Too much going on for my taste. I'm a minimalist. But everything looks clean, so it looks well done!
Looks good, brings alot of attention to Daft Punk!.I have some advice though! ., it is just that I work as an interaction designer in real-life and I accidentally let my professional approach take over :).I like to do minimalistic approaches as I think they bring out more of what it suppose to show..A really nice job, good work :)
It's Turkey's official Instagram account..My eye was drawn to this mistake. Largely because the letter-spacing is a mess on the left side. That needs to be fixed..Also the background image makes it look cluttered.
It's the smaller, more efficient version of Istanbul. And they let you take your dogs inside.
Guy from Toronto here.  It was mindblowing.  I had always liked Daft Punk, but that's when I imprinted on them like a baby duck..Unfortunately they played out in the middle of nowhere next to the airport (I see it listed as Mississauga on this post).  There was only one bus to that area, and it stopped running before the show was over.  Afterwards there was like a thousand kids laying out in the grass wondering how the hell to get home.  It was truly a sight to see.  Some people were fighting over cabs, but it was mostly peaceful.
That sounds amazing. I'm from New Brunswick but I'd take the trip because, let's face it, who plays in New Brunswick?
I'll play in New Brunswick if you'll give me transit.  I'd love to see the east coast!  I hope you like shitty music, 'cause that's what I'll be playing.
Sure! We're used to shitty music here, because it's all we get.
I just submitted another version, maybe you'll like that . more!
Yeah I really dig this one. Well done!
I just posted another version, check it out 
That's much cleaner
your posters bad and you should feel bad!
Daft Punk came to Inverness for Alive 2007? Wow, I never knew my city would ever get someone that famous!
Monterrey FTW
neat!
Well now you have me excited, hoping they'll really do this!!!
They're the cities from Alive 2007!
THE FUCK! Daft Punk has been to MY city? God dammit, why wasn't I fan then?! :(
You misspelled Istanbul.
Thanks for pointing it out, I might add a revised version later!
Thanks!
Thanks for the advice! I know it can be improved more but it's what I came up with for a regular computer graphics class for high school haha :)
Better add some more US Dates . .(more directed towards Daft Punk than OP :P).Great work i like it! 
I'm calling it now. This will go viral! Back on topic, great work, I love it!!
Thank you :)
This isn't even real and it breaks my heart to not see a city near me on it.
So people make arduino clocks similar to this, seen .. Could probably do the same with this easily. Someone get on it, I haven't had time to learn how to use my arduino!
link doesn't work.
Copy and paste this directly into the url bar of your browser: ...That said, the site is trying to prevent people from seeing their content without visiting the site directly. You should give . a courtesy glance with your adblock off if you're interested in the content. 
It works fine for me on my desktop and phone?
Probably adblock or ghostery or whatever. Thanks though.
is there a way i can make this my background and still have it move?
Well if you can get this gif as a video, either from recording it or finding the original video for it (if there is one) you could have it loop Dreamscene.  I have a video as my wallpaper using that.
mm that is intriguing, too bad i have no knowledge of converting gif to video or what Dreamscene is. Please, to the fullest extent, instruct me.
This would make a great background. 
indeed, indeed.
Chances are that gif is made from a video, which would make that gif a lower quality.  Making the gif into a video again would look really shitty.  Try finding a video for it.  Here's the program, pretty straight forward.  There is a trial~  
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO NO MAC SUPPORT NOOOOO.But thanks for the help somewhat.
Anyone know if there is a live wallpaper version of this?
Very nice, but sadly its "Hour after Hour" nor "Hour after Our".EDIT: Wow, getting downvoted for being correct.
No idea why youre getting downvoted, you're right
I always thought it's a nice play of words, like it could mean both; "hour after hour" and "our work is never over".
Dude, you have one downvote..Also you're wrong, either one is correct.
Where do you get the idea that either is correct?
Just about every lyrics site on the internet, but I suppose the albums song sheet is probably the most correct..Weird that literally everywhere else thinks that either is fine though =\
[deleted]
This makes me happy.
I doubt it, they had already met and worked with him before the new album so I don't see why this would be a deciding factor
Well, I suppose anything is possible, but in his Collaborators interview Pharrell did say that he was surprised to hear Nile playing when the robots showed him what they were working on.
Daft Punk helped produce a couple songs for Pharrell so I wanna say no on this one.
Also Neptunes remixed Daft Punk about 10 years ago already. 
nobody eh? :( 
Kinda. I prefer the "drop" on the single since it's right after the break
I actually can't stand the radio edit because I played it so often once it came out. The intro and interludes make a big difference. 
Agree totally. The album version has some really weird transitions, especially right before the vocoder section. Sounds almost unfinished.
Also why a lot of people thought the leak was fake
Yep. Sorry to say it, but the chorus just goes on for . too long on the album version. I actually like the man's singing, but c'mon! Gimmie the robots, dammit!
Nooooope.. Gotta love the progression/outro on album version, plus that Wurlitzer breakdown right before the robots come in..But hey man, get lucky however you wanna! The radio version is the one we'll all be jamming to at studio 64 (under development by me), and I definitely won't be mad at that.
Here's the real question: Did he use the album version or the radio edit?
Why is nobody dancing? I dance the fuck out of that track. 
Props man. I can't do cruises though. I'm up all night to get seasick :/
Was this sped up? Sounds faster
Yeah, I think he sped it up by like 15 or 20 perfect
The original song is somewhere around 115bpm if I counted correctly, maybe a bit higher.  This sounds like it was sped up to 128bpm, the standard speed for house tracks..Ninja edit: Beatport has it listed as 116 beats per minutes.
"Whaaaa wha wha whu whoooo"
-Announcer
Awful, wasn't it?  I was just thinking "I see dancing...and it happens to be on the beat, but who has less soul in the video?  The canned .wav clip announcer or the guy "poplocking"?.Edit: typo
If you think you can do something, there is always an Asian guy who can do it better. Why are they so good?
That's not the right way to dance to this
LOL @ comment:."1 dislike,nice try knife party!"
I was hoping it was Guy-Man dancing :(
You could always watch the old Gap ad haha
Cubecraft! Chris Beaumont used to work at the comic shop I went to, such a great dude.
COOL THANKS
If these weren't in PDF I'd update them to the new sparkly suits and helmets.
They're JPEGs.
Thanks for posting this! I had some free time today and decided to try making them. .. Sorry if they suck- this was my first time making one of these. :)
Guys it's obviously a remix. ;)
What magazine/newspaper is this?
Look above Guy's helmet lol
My name is Giovanni Giorgio, but My name is Giovanni Giorgio 
O'rly? 
shouldnt be hard to remember the title of the track...
daf punk
begaleter and guymy
Diskavoree
Giorgio didn't play synths on Giorgio By Moroder either, this article is pretty screwy it seems
"My name is Giorgio, but everybody calls me Giorgio."
He almost said that at the red bull thing. 
Did you happen to be drunk?
This sounded like studio quality, I call fake on this vid.
no i was actually hosting the show hahaha. paul though, oh he was drunk. (i'm in the purple shirt)
Suuure you weren't. But looked like you had a good time, so its all good.
ha honestly. although when he and i do songs we both usually are drunk. this was a rare occurrence for it to be just him.
Da Funk. .
 A classic.
Prime time of your life was kinda weird, but in a psychological-thriller type of way. 
Personally i'd say a 3 way split between Burnin' , Aerodynamic , and Da Funk. 
the very video and song that got me into Daft Punk.

Here is a list of video links collected from comments that redditors have made in response to this submission:
 or 
Da Funk
I just can't bring myself to watch Prime Time. It's just that weird. Mine would have to be Around the World though. 
I agree, it's really weird, but I can't help liking it. 
Around the world because I remembered that video for 6 years untill I saw it again.

That's how I found out about Daft Punk. That video was in Michael's Gondry DVD that had a bunch of cool videos...there was also a video of Jim Carrey drunk on a bike I can't remember it.
This is the video that got me hooked. I love this video
Around the world too. If you pay attention, each character has a role In the music. The tall, wide shoulder people running up and down the stairs represented the bass line, the skeletons represented the guitar, the lady's in the bathing suits represented the keyboard, the mummy's in the middle represented the drums, and the aliens represented the lyrics. Thanks for reading all of that.
I haz that exact same t-shirt! Love it.
Are you etsy-ing these any time soon? I would definitely order one.
You look a bit like Catie Wayne.
Not sure if compliment? Thank...you?
Do you know who she is?
I'm vaguely familiar with who Boxxy is, but I didn't know that was her real name until I looked it up after you commented.
:D Thank you! Classy t-shirt for classy folks!
I love you in a way one Daft Punk fan wants another Daft Punk fans scarf way. :) 
 :D
While listening to Instant Crush.
That would be a good Touch.
I also have that same t-shirt! Did you get yours from shirtpunch?
Exactly right, bought it the I stint I saw it
Me too!
Yep! Shirtpunch has nice shirts. Was definitely an instabuy. There were also 2 awesome Daft Punk shirts from Yetee a few weeks ago and an Avengers/Get Lucky crossover yesterday from Qwertee. I check Day of the Shirt and Teecraze frequently and it may or may not be a problem. 
... Name your price. 
:D looks great! 
Oh my! Thank you kindly! :D I'd have no idea how much to sell it for, although I was considering it.
Aw thank you! I was thinking about it, but I can't think of a name for an etsy shop and I'd have to line the back with fleece since it curls a little bit and to make it extra warm and hide the uglyness of what it looks like from behind :P 
If you change your mind, I hope you post it here! :)
This is... really nice.
 Perfecto.
Hermoso. 
 the order they have on the vinyl- matches what you posted.
Sea of Simulation is #25, Encom Part 1 is #23
Anyone have a download link for these bonus tracks?
Just google "tron legacy complete sessions".You're welcome
What is up with all the sudden love for mariachis in this subreddit?!
this was pretty awesome
This is so rad!!! They should do a discovery cover album. Descubrimiento! 
One guy with a good set of search terms.
As a Mexican Salvadorean Guatemalan American, I thought this was going to be extremely terrible...  .I was wrong... 
Do you know the name of the band?
This one's basically the only good one you've posted during this spree.  But it's good, so I'll forgive you the other two.
daft punk contacted nasa and directly requested the audio
I know, it's so fresh that they did, even more fresh is that NASA happily obliged. .LONG LIVE NASA, LONG LIVE DAFT PUNK.
So...was the object ever explained? Something spinning, presumably a UFO? A bit creepy...
Contact and Aerodynamic, Voyager and Beyond
Contact + Aerodynamic + Aerodynamite

I think digital love and instant crush could work well together
I won't knock it because i havent tried to listen to them as a mix, but Game of Love and Digital love i think go at two seperate speeds, but it could work.
the Alive tours are once every 10 years, on the 7th year (97, 07, 17), but I wouldn't be surprised if they did another daftendirekt tour or something like it.
Yeah i figured... But a good DJ \ Audio Guy could take some of these suggestions and make a "Alive 2013" Others have done this for other DP music. ( I think there was even a post of someone doing something similar on here).Anyway, they toured in 2006 (Through 2007) So, Theres hope + What you were saying of something like a daftendirekt tour. .It's my goal in life to go to a daft punk performance, especially after seeing Alive 2007 vids.
There are plenty of daft punk mixes out there, but they don't have the spark of creativity that is seen with daft punk's mixing, such as slowing down Face to Face and using the sample rate to create a beat and increase the bpm.
Get Lucky and Digital Love, too..Remember Digital Love's lyrics and put them right after Get Lucky :.(...). .-> to get lucky ? ;)
Me too, I can't die without seeing them first. They are my favorite duo band(?)  I never been so so so I don't know how to describe it, but they actually changed they way I think about life and music, or how I behave. I love them.
I'd love to hear a Something About Us + Game Of Love mix.Also i think Lose Your Self To Dance + Around The World and/ or Burnin.and Maybe The Last track from Alive 2007 but instead of Rock n' Roll use Contact and keep rolling till the ending, because i like that effect they used at the end of the track, it gives you some closure in a way for a final track.
You know alive 97 was just labeled that for the album right? It was the daftendirekt tour. So, there's only really been alive 06/07
oh, I meant the various shows between them then, from 95-96 and 98-01
I find Contact+Daftendirekt works nice. If I have time, I listen to the albums in the order of .Random Access Memories-Homework-Human After All-Discovery-Alive 2007
As of May 27 Guy-Man and Thomas are worth ~$60 million each. 
On a semi-related note, I find . remix of Alive by Krewella (number 6 on the list) to be far superior to the original. I'm not a huge dubstep guy, but I like it.
If they make Lose Yourself To Dance the summer single, then we're in for a treat. 
Lose yourself to dance isnt on there???
Really? I Love It? That song has been out since last year. I don't hate the song or anything, I'm impressed it's staying this relevant given modern music's attention span.
This is gonna be one hell of a summer for Thomas and Guy-Man.
Oh look, I can't listen to the items on the list because I'm in Canada. I guess I'll just have to open up another tab and go to youtube..Fucking lawyers.
The fact that Fatboy Slim, Moby and The Chemical Brothers are over names like Skrillex, deadmau5, Benny Benassi and Swedish House Mafia really makes me happy. No disrespect to any of the people i mentioned (except for skrillex) but the fact that those 3 still are on top is amazing.
What's with the hate on Skrillex? I don't care for his music but the guy defiantly has talent and did his own thing.
Just amazing. Daft Punk goes hidden for some years with very little mention of what they are up to.  Comes back in 2013 bigger than ever with (pretty much) the summer song of the year and a superb album.
Not only that, but they've been around for about 20 years.  How often is it that someone releases their best (or most popular) music after 20 years?
No tour. They have no plans for an album tour, so the next tour would be ala Alive 2007, spanning their entire career.
AWESOME.Edit: also has a bit of Harder, Better, Faster Stronger
Fucking 3d printed helmets, YES PLEASE!
I want some of this to hang in my car like dice! how much would you charge me to get some made?
It's amazing stuff like this that makes me SERIOUSLY considering getting one. That's awesome! totally downloading the CAD file for possible future use when i get a 3D Printer.
How much?
PLEASE upload CAD files! Or equivalent.
is there any way to scale them up to 1/6th life scale?  These would be sweet for some custom action figures.
after checking out the links, they look so small. Like finger puppet size (which is still cool) but I need to make this bigger for my weiner dogs.
Man I did the exact same thing a week ago! :D Mine is painted, (not very well) gonna upload pics soon
Those are awesome! The proportions look really good. Please share :D
I so want a 3D printer now 
Here is a link to the CAD for the Thomas helmet 
Could you upload the CAD file you used. We just got an MakerBot 3D printer. I'd love to try this out. 
*spelling of CAD not cat.
Neat! How long did it take to print those out?

These were printed via a MakerBot Replicator 2 on high with rafts and it took a little over an hour for each. They came out amazingly detailed and have left me super impressed with MakerBot..Here's the ., and here's the 
Take my upvote.
I'm not a 3d printing expert, but those models look like they were done on a professional printer. You probably won't get that fine of a print from a makerbot. 
take my downvote
As I have the MakerBot Replicator 2. What would consist of being professional? 
THE FUTURE IS NOW!
I'll take it all right.. But more lube please.
Actually, I knocked these little dudes out on a MakerBot Replicator 2. The thing's impressive when on the highest setting.
Exactly what I have over here. 
A little over an hour for each. Totally worth it considering that's really short for 3D printing something on high settings.
How big are they exactly?

Oh, god; THANKS. I have a model for an action figure body to which these MUST be attached to.
.
Do you have the CAD files used?

You're up all night to print lucky.
Now if you could make them bigger...and hollow...
They actually are hollow. If you could somehow print it in parts and make it perfectly shaped to your dome, you'd be good!
wear them on your fingers
do you have the files? 
What are these? Daft Punk helmets for ants?!
So creepy. It's robotic as fuck but then on the long notes (we've come to far..) it sounds human..I vote for more Harmony Assistant DP covers
This is hilarious
That was absolutely terrible. You added nothing to the world. May the Robot Gods have mercy on your soul.
Better then the original imo.
My ears. My ears!
Not really... and *than... oops!
I actually kind of love this. Good find. Can't figure out why he says "leafy" though...
Not everything translates well to acapella...
he says neefy. It's a joke on his channel. Neef does everything bad
I've learned something today. Thank you!
I honestly didn't expect too much from this, but I really enjoyed it. When he harmonizes with himself, it's quite good..(incoming joke about forgetting harmony/giorgio/lololol)
The comments are hurtful.
You're damn right it is dood.
Where did you get it? I think I may want to make a shirt but I want permission.

Message him on Facebook and ask for his permission, I'm sure he won't mind.
I have a print of that framed on my wall. Very worth the $17 in my opinion
Love it
Guy-Mario?
Give credit to the original artist instead of imgur rehosting please. This was done by a guy named . and his prints are available for purchase. I really like the 
He also did ..
I didn't know but thank you he's great
If you want the mask, buy the vinyl or cd.
I have bought two copies of the cd, and the vinyl. They did not come with the mask...
You had to pre-order the vinyl to get the mask.
And I'll add that I preordered the vinyl straight from the daft punk website. So, you're wrong. Certain countries got masks, some got the 2d some got 3d
I'm not wrong--I pre-ordered the vinyl and I got the mask, so I'm going by what I know. I have no way of knowing what every single place does for pre-orders. .Also, you didn't mention that you pre-ordered the vinyl, so I had no way of knowing. 
Where do you live? I pre ordered it from daft punk, the myplaystore, and bought 2 copies of the cd at best buy, as well as ordered the japanese cd and didn't get any bonuses (minus the japan, a sticker woohoo)
I live in Canada. I pre-ordered through HMV (might be the ones distributing the masks) and got a mask.
So that could have been something you said before you decided to be a dick about it. Yeah... So fuck off. I preordered 3 copies of this album and you try and call me out "well if you bought it you'd get it." Try finding one to even buy...
Sorry, that totally wasn't my intention! Really no need to tell me to fuck off. I was actually trying to help..I understand that you're frustrated. I'm sorry I contributed to that..To add I'm not sure where I called you out. I merely said "you had to pre-order the vinyl" because I had no idea you pre-ordered the vinyl.
The helmets are sitting on the stage!!
my eyes work too!
Oh i would rather have a less autotuned Instant Crush... (BTW you know the robots didn't sing that one? That was Julian Casablancas from the Strokes)
No shit.
Oops, forgot about that for a moment.
Shit, no!
Please don't call what Daft Punk does "auto-tune."
They did use an auto tune effect for Instant Crush and One More Time....Other than that they use Vocoders and Talkboxes - Normally when they sing. 
Got citation for that? I can tentatively believe you about One More time but still cautious about Instant Crush.
It's pretty easy to tell especially at the points where he's climbing to the higher vocal range like when he says "I listened to your problems Now listen to mine" Especially at the I, It's a sharp fast pitch change, A vocoder or talkbox or human voice wouldn't have multiple sharp fast pitch changes
Again, I can't just take your word for it without citation, they can do amazing things with electronics these days.
Someone did make a video to point it out a while back, i just don't have the link.
 showcasing the 3 types of tools they use (not all the examples are daft punk) But you can notice certain characteristics from the different tools..Vocoder - modifying incoming audio (Synth) with your Voice so it'll still retain characteristics with a voice  (Plosives [puh's,buh's,Ssss's]).Talk Box - Works kinda like your throat does, your throat makes a pitch (Synth Sound) and is shaped by the way you talk (theres like a tube that you put in your mouth) Notice the effect in California Love .Auto-Tune: Everything sounds like a T-Pain and Drake Song. Every pitch jump occurs quickly and digitally (theres no smooth transition between pitches) It corrects pitch so that it fits a key and it does it quickly giving it that roboticized effect
I had mine across from a sunny window, and at night, once my eyes had adjusted it glowed pretty nicely.
Got mine when I preordered the soundtrack. Still rolled up in the tube. I have no room for it on my Tron wall amongst my tron art prints and original tron movie poster. I do have another daft punk poster in my basement from signalnoise.com
I tried looking for anyone selling theirs online a few months ago, but to no avail.
Oh snap! It glows in the dark??.Yes please.
I have one in my room
I have one! I'm looking at it right now. Are these worth something? I don't really plan on selling mine but this has gotten me curious, i had no idea the poster was that popular.
I have one on my bedroom door. 
Oh .I cranked the brightness on the Glow-in-the-dark image to make it sorta what it looks like. The glow isn't powerful, but it's notable in a dark room and lasts a good half hour or so.
Mine is still in the tube, I need to frame it. not sure how exactly I want it frames just yet....What was your method of flattening the poster?

Yep, looks like the other one sold. I bought the first one about 45 minutes ago. Then the second one went. Looks like we are all willing to pay $100 buck for it even 2 or 3 years later..Can only gather value, yeah?
I tried selling mine about 6 months ago to no interest.. should've waited till  RAM was released I guess.
What would you take for it thats not absurd like the ebay auctions?
I guess I have yet another item to stalk the internet for.
Well there is one up right now. I actually already bought it. I was wondering how many there might be out there... and maybe what it is worth.
I look every now any then.  The cheapest I saw was $40, and the most expensive was $150.  As for what it's worth... I don't actually know.
It's huge! That's awesome. You reallllyyyy ought to frame that though. I hope you didn't staple it? Not entirely sure if it matters, but I did just spend $100 on one xD
Haha, I may just have to frame it ;) It is stuck onto the door using blu-tack, no staples. Woah, I didn't know they are worth so much! I hope you get it soon :)
That's good. I'm looking forward to mine, if PayPal would release the damn funds.
Large wood table with a 5/16" thick piece of tempered plate glass on it. Heavy as hell. The glass is probably 30x50 or so. Clean the table, clean the glass, set the poster on the table, flatten it with the glass, and place heavier objects on that..The setup is just in my living room, so it looks normal. I just leave it there, decoratively for a few weeks. Flattens the hell out of it.
Two just sold. Only two I've seen.
Wow... I had no idea.
 man.
That came with a pre-order of the Tron album back in 2010. I have one and it looks amazing. 
Can you post some decent pictures? I just wanna see how good the glow in the dark is....
I could try, i have one too. But i can't guarantee anything about the glowing. If i remember correctly it was pretty damn good though. It used to be in my room above my bed so i saw it every night. 
The picture I linked is the LARGEST one available on Google Images. Disgrace to such a nice and large poster though. You should at least try :)
I can give it the ol' college try.
Alright here you go..
Sorry these are nothing special....Now forgive me for no glowing shots, its still relatively light out where i am, and i'm no good with cameras so a glowing shot wasnt really possible. But i did turn off all the lights and blast it a few times with my camera flash, and it glows slightly better than any other glow in the dark poster. It's by no means mind blowing, but is a nice bright glow.
Thanks Sir. I'm super excited for mine to get here. I've got a poster flatten method all set up and everything. I left my last poster in it for over 2 weeks before framing it, and it was flat as can be, and nearly stiff. Makes it look REALLY good inside a frame. I'll do the same with this Daft Punk one, and it ought to look awesome! I'll keep it in collectors quality. 
Yeah, mine is regrettably a little beat up. I guess that's what i get for putting it in the hallway of my college house. But, hey, its one piece and its still pretty!
Hey man, in the end it's all about that music.
"Next Alive Tour".You poor bastard...
Second Lives - Vitalic <3
One of my favorite too. 
Never heard of these guys, but it looks somewhat awesome.  The videos reminded of Alive 2007 a lot, so they probably are Daft Punk disciples. I'll go check them out.
I'm glad you discovered something new, thanks to me!
Yeah, they're actually pretty darn amazing. I've got One above One stuck in my head right now. Great song.
Can't wait their live 
Never heard of Vitalic?

What ? Well, yes, I'm waiting the next Alive Tour, like many others here.
Of course I know him!.(Because I'm French too :) )
Hhhhh ! Je vais le voir aux Francos, soire avec aussi Breakbot et Woodkid :p
I'm sorry to be so negative, but Daft Club was a pretty awful album in my opinion. Go to . and paste in ..
Ouverture, Aerodynamic (Daft Punk remix) and Aerodynamite are the only good tracks, have to agree with you.
Too Long (Gonzales Edit.) is one of THE BEST songs of my lifetime, even though it is not Daftish at all
How come nobody says about Boris Dlugosh's remix of Digital Love? The remix was very good, even without changing alot of stuff from the original
Agreed, I like it just because it is longer than the original.
I don't get why people hate it so much the best remix I think there is Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger, by The Neptunes.
I have the cd, but not the digital which Ithink you are talking about.
I'm glad they said this publicly. MDMA is a drug I would never recommend to anyone for many reasons.
I couldn't disagree more. Not recommending ecstasy is one thing, but IMO anyone interested should try molly/mdma at least once, with friends, and in a safe environment. It's not physically dangerous or addictive long-term in the way that amphetamines are normally if you don't overdose yourself, and I've made some great relationships and memories that I in no way regret. And this is coming from someone who's not really into any other drugs, took it once every couple months for years, and is meeting almost all of my goals..Most people I've rolled with are productive members of society and none have any mental/personality deficiencies. You just have to moderate, .. I've seen people take it too far, but they were also into other far-worse things I wouldn't touch with a ten foot pole. I don't mean to sound snobbish, but I don't think you quite understand what drugs that effect serotonin receptors do long-term..Edit: Just to re-clarify, I'm only talking about moderate users. Note that most evidence of MDMA's long-term neurotoxicity (and yes, it is not something that should be treated irresponsibly) refers to weekly/daily bases.
MDMA is a drug that makes the user feel very good about themselves, so it's no surprise that the people who take it enjoy it and think it's okay for everyone to use it..Trying to tell someone who uses MDMA is like trying to tell someone to stop masturbating. It feels too good to stop doing it. This super high feel good sensation is why it is addictive. If you tell me it's not, then why do you have to do it every month? If you say you can stop at any time, then I'll tell you to do it because in a moment I'll tell you why it's "physically dangerous"..Talk to any doctor or Neuropsychologist and they will tell you that "rolling" is a bad thing to do. It has permanent side effect on the brain. You do sound snobbish and to be honest, you have no idea what you're talking about because you have a biased opinion on the subject. It's something you like to do, and because of its affects on your brain I doubt I'll change your mind but I'll say this next part anyway....With MDMA, it's not just about the release of serotonin, it also has to do with a users noradrenaline and dopamine levels. All of these chemicals are very important to the way the human brain and body works because they are directly tied to your sympathetic nervous system. But basically MDMA is a toxin and has effects on your entire brain, your heart, your entire body and how they all talk to each other with permanent effects on the way they function. A simple example would be cases where a user with no medical history of heart issues and no family history of heart issues all of the sudden had heart palpitations after one use. Most common effects are alterations to decision making skills, insomnia, depression, anxiety, lockjaw, bruxism, agitation, disorientation, confusion, and even a loss of the desire for sex. These effects are amplified after repeated uses..Again, it's all science fact like how the earth is round. Again, because you are biased and don't know the facts (or choose to ignore them) you really shouldn't go around telling people that it's a safe drug..Edited because typing on a phone hard.
Nice ad hominem with your opening paragraph, but it doesn't help the fake neurotoxicology you're presenting, and doesn't make your reply any more accurate. Indeed, MDMA's effects feel so great you want to try it again, but that's why I point to self-control (and it only takes a little at that). It is not chemically addictive. Period. I don't "have to" do anything every month, as you say I enjoy it. . which is why I recommend trying it at least once. You are in the minority and are attempting to call me an addict so that your argument, which you now realize is faulty, could somehow be supported. Any medical professional who doesn't want to get fired will tell you not to take it. Most western doctors will also tell you not to smoke cannabis, get drunk, or eat McDonalds..You here are correct in mdma's changes to neurochemicals and its physiological effects. All drugs are toxins, and most have associated risks. I don't mean to imply that MDMA is something to be treated lightly, but I also believe that some people can easily justify taking it, as it is usually enjoyable and safe in moderation. Regardless of whatever foolish internet article led you to believe heart palpatations are anything other than a seriously rare side effect, its fatality rate is rare at about 2 in every 100,000 new users [Harris DS, Baggott M, et al. 2002 and de la Torre R, Farre M, et al. 2000]. And the effects you list are, once again, based upon those heavily abusing it. As in a weekly basis or more..Lol at "it's all science fact." If you'd like to tell me that I'm ignoring the facts, you first must present them. Anyone you have ever seen who has suffered ill long-term effects from MDMA wouldn't have been that productive in society to begin with. It's not "safe" per se, but drugs don't get much safer..Edit: Downvote to your heart's content; I'm still the only person here who has cited . or has used logical reasoning to support my stance.
Again, since you are addicted to the drug there's no way for me to tell you to stop doing it, you can only quit when you're ready to..But since we agree that all drugs have different effects on different people, it's probably for the best that you don't go around telling people to start rolling with you.
Nirvana is crap music, why do they even care that Kurt Cobain died?
Yeah! You're opinion isn't welcome here! Nirvana is decent I guess...
Your incorrect use of the word "hear" isn't welcome here.  Reread your shit before clicking save and you won't sound like such a tool.
I don't think spelling here wrong made me sound like a tool.
Well it certainly doesn't make you sound smart by any means.  I mean, you can't even take the time to reread and edit your comments?  You must be either very lazy or very dumb.  And being lazy is a symptom of being very dumb.  Good for you. :)
None of the above assertions are necessarily true and therefore you're talking crap.
Fair enough.
Hahaha this is beautiful. You're so cornered right now and are attacking my character to protect your shit argument. Read my sources. Read some books. Actually take some real drugs if you want to find out what addiction is and how lives can be changed. I only suggest it if others bring it up, because I'm not a peer pressuring douche. It's fun for me and I've never rolled with someone whose had a negative experience (short or long-term), yet I don't deny it could happen.
the fact you're recommending people to take the drug in order for them to understand your points is pretty hilarious.saying "well drugs work for those who can make it work" and then saying "so you should try it at least once to see if you can" is a complete contradiction, that means someone who doesn't make it work is then pretty fucked.also for the record Takeabyte never used ad hominem with his opening paragraph.well done for fitting the typical stereotype of drug users who feel the need to tell everyone about a) the fact they use drugs b) everyone else should do them.quite a few people are happy enough with their lives such that they don't need drugs to make it better
Thant's all I wanted you to say..But that's a change of tone if I ever heard one, because before you said...
Again, I'm not a doctor - if you don't want to do it or are too concerned then don't. For me, experience is the best way to define MDMA's effects, but I can't speak for everyone..You shouldn't have used quotes there as I never said either of those things. Not all drugs work positively for the majority of people, that's a big blanket statement I would never make. Just MDMA, and I don't deny that for some it does not. However, if someone asks me if they should try it, I would give a resounding "why not"? If they don't "make it work" then they probably won't try it again, which is completely plausible with any mind-altering substance..NINJAEDIT: Sorry I just realized what this was in reply to. When I said "actually take some real drugs if you want to find out what addiction is and how lives can be changed" I was being completely sarcastic. Don't fucking do that.
No it's not what you wanted to say, I retorted every inch of your first reply. Notice that I used terms like "normally" . in my initial reply. I also said to roll "in moderation" and advised users to not be irresponsible. You're speaking in absolutes and sounding very foolish right now..But please, keep on. I'd love to see how you can poorly attack my argument by quoting me out of context and pointing to my character before established fact.
You're absolutely right. I'm going to roll this weekend.
Good! Based on your replies, I am certain you are not.
I edited my comment as soon as you pointed it out.
OH GOD THE IRONY
Which would you recommend?.edit: also, I'd like to say, my experience with MDMA has been entirely wonderful. Unlike my experiences with alcohol, tobacco, etc. As long as you use it responsibly (never more than once a month), and take the right precautions, it's not very dangerous.
Exactly. See my reply to his comment. Take it once a month at most (<0.4g) as you say, and you'll be fine. I'm in my last year of engineering school, doing great, and like to think of myself as productive. If you have no self-control and/or are in an unsafe environment, that's when you want to rethink what you're doing.
I'm not a doctor, so I don't recommend drugs. .One use of MDMA will have permanent effects on the users brain, it's science. Once a month is still very dangerous. I don't know you, but I have yet to meet someone who can take MDMA as often as you do and see them be a productive member in society. MDMA is a very dangerous drug and I have yet to have a non-user say otherwise.
So as an engineering student, you must have extensive knowledge of how the human body works. Thank you for clarifying that MDMA is safe to use.
I'm very humbled, but actually I do not have extensive medical knowledge, so please don't take what I say as advice. .Again, another nice ad hominem. I would love to hear now about how you on the other hand are a pharmacologist who specializes in serotonin transport inhibition.
Again, I'm not a doctor..Since neither of us are qualified to dive into this subject, should I listen to the ones that are? Or should I listen to the engineering student in the internet?
What kind of doctor would tell someone to take drugs? Read some actual studies and get your head out of the sand, or you're going to have quite the closed-off life.
Please don't talk to me like you know anything about me..TIL: Telling an MDMA user to stop "rolling" is like asking a trained monkey not to masturbate. They enjoy doing it to much for the words to make sense.
Believe me, I can practically picture you  right now..You've only done MDMA once (or close to), yes? Plenty of people stop rolling. Why do you think it's primarily a college drug used by 20-25 year-olds? Of course we enjoy it, it's fucking awesome (to many). If you don't enjoy it, that's cool too, there's a lot more in life as well.
You're*
Won not*
_
Are you retarded?
Woooooooosh
  
Brilliant artists enhancing their creativity with harmless drugs? SHOCKER. All of you who are freaking out in these comments need to relax. 
agreed. This entire comment chain makes it hurt to be a Daft Punk fan, and here I was thinking the more knowledgeable redditors flocked to the smaller subs..edit: Just read the comment by the person who cried sober while listening to Lana del Rey, I think I'm done here
I mean, this was when they were humans and made mistakes.
TIL daft punk used ecstasy 
One more reason of me love Guy-man!
This article title is HIGHLY sensationalized.
Oh indeed, although given that the site seems to be about getting people off drugs it doesn't surprise me..It also strikes me that the real reason wasn't that they almost got run over (which can happen at any point if you're not paying attention), but that they didn't actually like the effect it had.
Lol it's so predictable. I love how over the course of four years reddit has gone from "legalize everything" to "legalize marijuana because that's the one I'm familiar with."
How ironic.
I'm perfectly fine sounding like a tool.  At least my spelling and grammar are immaculate.
Don't you know that karma is a direct comparison to your self worth!?
This should go without saying, but of course, who KNOWS if what they were taking was, you know, actually MDMA? Especially today, it's an even scarier prospect, what with all of the research chemicals floating around out there, and people telling you it's one thing and it's actually another. So be careful out there, guys, if you're thinking about doing such things.
Most likely, RCs weren't as prominent back then. But today you really do have to be careful. 
RC's are the reason I'll never try LSD again. Damn shame. 
I have a feeling they didn't just buy bad molly, since this sounds pretty much like it anyway and even in 94 they were still fairly big so I doubt they would just buy it off some random dude.
Fascinated by some of the comments here. Maybe it's because I like a lot of EDM and whatnot, but when I've taken molly (thrice), good music sounds amazing and terrible music (or what I normally wouldn't like) doesn't become much better, and I feel I can pick apart production problems more easily. Also, I'm pretty aware of my surroundings when I roll, let alone not watch when I cross the street. Given the time period and situation, I wouldn't be surprised if it was cut with something.. I enjoyed RAM and don't come to this subreddit often as I'm not a #1 Daft Punk fan, but be careful that you guys don't put them on a pedestal like Tool and Coldplay fans did in the early 00's. . Nothing wrong with that of course - their marketing team is brilliant and they know how to get their name around. They are also talented enough to draw a wide audience, but I promise you that if they were a Top 40 band in the US, half of you wouldn't like them.
Some good points, however they actually are a top 40 band.
Not in the states. Someone correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe Get Lucky was/is their only top 40 Billboard single ever..edit: clarity
Classic Glasgow.
In what way?
I don't really like Nirvana either. 
I'll upvote you for being entitled to your own opinion, even if it's a bad one.
Nirvana is proof that heroin makes shitty music...unlike Sublime.
Le
unlike Sublime?
Sublime made great music, and we have heroin to thank for that.
One of the biggest reasons I stopped listening to music on drugs was because  everything sounded like I was listening underwater. It's like the . in Super Mario 64. Except I don't want . to sound like that.
Funny enough, that's my favorite track from Super Mario 64. I can play that intro part on piano.. but that's about it haha. Really pleasant song though!
Every drug has this same effect for you? LSD, MD & Alcohol?
I immediately stop reading anything that starts with some variation of "whenever I'm on drugs I..." It's so embarrassing how reddit likes to shove everything under an umbrella of generalization based on limited personal experience.
Someone in my band could play that on tuba, it was bad ass
where's the drop?
"The problem was that I was liking any music Id hear, any crapI had no critical judgment. .The reason there is so much shit nowdays and why RAM broke the mold.  Some DJs rely on loud noises and 'epic' drops, while the best rely on raw musical talent.
That's the problem I always saw with using substances to enjoy music; you think . is fantastic. This is especially important because if you're going to be producing music, you can't have that mindset.
You almost desensitize yourself to true music.  I know a lot of my friends who are into EDM would never give jazz or classical or reggae music a chance because its 'boring'..I feel bad for them, variety is the spice of life
People who listen to a repeated loop with minor edits for four minutes called Jazz boring?.The fuck.
"But theres no drop bro!".That's why.  And the classics don't expire after two weeks which is another reason why they get bored.  They need new shit daily and can't appreciate truly well crafted music made by real instruments
Well, to be fair, there's plenty of electronic music that's incredibly well crafted..So Great and Powerful's work is completely electronic, and at the same time is just...baffling with how intricate and complex it is.
Yea they are in it more for the entertainment and party factor, not the actual music..Same thing with the current state of rap/hip-hop/hip-pop
What are you talking about? Hip-hop has never been better! In the 90's, we didn't have such though provoking lyrics like:."Ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass" - Big Sean.."You a stupid hoe, you a-you a stupid hoe" - Nicki Minaj
Makes me die a little inside just reading that lol.Its just sad that people don't appreciate real works of literature in music.  Painting a scene with words is a talent and it seems like anyone feels hey can pick up pen and write a masterpiece..Anyway, were a bit off topic.  Nice chat tho.Cheers
Same to ya.
just here to remind you daft punk paid musicians to play all the instruments/write the lyrics/mix and master RAM
Oh yea i definitely know.But it does take a level of expertise to put it all together in a cohesive manner..I know I could never replicate it so I respect it
Listen to jazz or classical on mdma, it's incredible. You'll still know what's bad music when you hear it.
I am embarrassed to say I made a noise like a concerned mother swan watching her babies get eaten. 
I wonder if they smoke cannabis? Interesting read.
Considering how almost . does nowadays, it's pretty much a given that they do.
What non-Christian Rock musician doesn't?
Not that it's proof of anything, but Guy-Man's side project . has a song called . I'd link to it, but I'm mobile. It's on YouTube and Spotify.
Me too! 
Why would only christian-rock musicians not? There are plenty of straight-edge other musicians and I would bet plenty of chrsitian-rock performers that do, thats like asking what electronic musician doesn't take ecstasy.
Because drugs are frowned upon according to the Bible...
plenty of things are frowned upon by the bible, that doesn't stop all christians from doing them
Yeah, I'm not 5. Those who are Christian (and are Christian enough to spread their belief through song) tend to follow Christians beliefs more so than those who are not...
Elvis was a hardcore christian and look where he ended up, shit, look at all the gay child-molesting priests. All I'm saying is that you can't generalize a group like that, humans are humans and what we believe in won't always stop us from doing stupid stuff.
I heard they do. Rapper A$AP Rocky claims he smoked with them once.
Any Source ?

Thanks !
lucky. bastard.
I've taken a lot of E, which I've never been really proud of but I did it and I'm not gonna lie, probably will do it again. Thomas is right the drug makes you think any type of music is the best thing you've ever heard, which isn't such a bad thing for me but for them it could be! Although most of the time I take it I listen to the same music I would on it or not, but I will say if it can make bad music sound great imagine what it makes RAM sound like it or any of your favorite bands. Not telling anyone to go out and do E but I've busted off some dance moves I've never knew I had, it's definitely a crazy/awesome experience.
I don't have a problem with it at concerts, since it basically makes me not get fatigued nearly as quickly (though I need to pay more attention to myself), though I find shrooms make the visual experienced far more enhanced and the audio sound not much different but is harder to get/keep.
There was an article in Rolling Stone a while back about their appearance at Coachella.  It mentioned that there were some "dudes" rolling joints in the kitchen of the mansion they were staying at.  .And considering the relatively social acceptability of cannabis in California (and W. Europe), it's likely.  
They probably roll and smoke frenchlike too..soo coo

lol

The link says .jpg but the picture is a .gif.What is this black magic?
Well, the extension is just a part of the file name, you could rename an ISO to a png and it'd still be in the ISO format...
I dunno man but i'm getting bad Joo Joo
Upvote for Weird Al, i now have you tagged as 'Hates Nirvana'
NOOOOOO
Plz Tomas Bengalter 
Gee men DA homum kristo & Tomma Bengelter
Gay men homo krusto & Tomato Bongeltor
daf pank
Def Ponk


y u do dis bengalter.bengalter.bengalter pls
Zimbabwe
please, please make that comic.
no
pls respond bengalter.pls
plz b safe
Guymy, guymy no
Guy-Man is a fucking superhero!
Up in the air...
His name even sounds like one.
He saved Bengalter's life
Do you know how awesome that sounds?
Yes, he did save me... I'm a changed man because of him.
Redditor for 27 minutes. Doesn't check out.
still funny
Mad original.
The Count Of Monty Christo
I liked his thoughts on E's side effects. I mean, they're musicians, it's all about music.
That's an individual experience that isn't seen in everyone. For me, it allows me to notice the subtle beauty in music and appreciate it even more. I've listened to classical on MDMA and been in tears because its so incredibly powerful.
As an amateur producer I've cried in the car sober listening to how perfect some electronic music productions are..Also there are recreational substances with much less risks than MDMA that are nearly as fun. A basic cost benefit analysis will tell you MDMA is a bad idea.
'much less risk'? go on...
'Weed is all you need.'
life bro, get high on life
Seriously, this is the only non-bullshit answer one could come up with to redsonsuperman's hideously incorrect comment.
He said weed but I don't know what weed he has been smoking but it doesn't get me anywhere near close to how I feel on mandy.
This is true. People on this board are a bunch of sheltered suburban dolts.
Just reddit in general is very pro-weed but as soon as you mention other drugs it's another excuse for redditors to think they are better than you. 
Yep, and it's because most redditors (at least since ca. 2009) are still children who have a lot of predispositions and haven't accomplished much away from home yet. There will always be a natural tendancy for the sheltered to create fake trivia to support what they choose . to do. It would be less aggrivating if we were honest - that we either chose never to experiment with drugs (which is totally fine), or we've never been in an environment where they were available (which is more likely). Anonymity has its drawbacks.

My view is that if you need substances to properly enjoy music, you're music-ing wrong.
Not according to Pharrell, but I agree
But you're also just an irrelevant leprechaun. 
[deleted]
I cried while listening to National Anthem by Lana Del Rey, and I wasn't even under the influence of drugs. :/
They're one of the few people that are absolutely 100% musicians.  They don't care about publicity, they don't care about money, fame, things like that.  They just care about music..It's one of the things that I love about them.
They also love money. Money gives them freedom to do what they love, music, all day long!
yeah, but it's not the love of money, it's the love of music, which is partially enabled by funds.
Yeah those Lemur multitouch controllers in the Pyramid aren't cheap by any means. 
I've actually always said that they were more artists than musicians. Yes they love music and do it well, but the music itself was not the only reason they got into making it- it was the fact that analog dance music was a very little pioneered sect at the time. There was a challenge there that they went for and as a result totally revolutionized the scene. They're more like renaissance men- they've dabbled in everything from cinematography to furniture and are always looking for new things to do, and don't look back. As much as I'd love more albums like Discovery for example, I respect and enjoy their albums a lot more because they always do something different.
A far more eloquent description of what we all feel.  
No wonder it sounded a bit familiar... it was raining in the 
I also recognized this...almost made me wanna watch it again.
This is awesome. That first youtube comment is by me. Where was this?
I would love to know what instrument he is using there. A melodica?
This was over at Wakarusa Music Festival in Ozark, Arkansas. Lots of great music there. My band does a Daft Punk tribute set we call Daft Phunk. There's some more videos on that guys channel, check em out!
I will man thanks!
He's actually Chucky from Child's Play.
Explains the creepiness.
Yeah, that robot freaks me out.
I actually find it kind of cute. Especially when it holds hands with Thomas and Guy-Man. I've never met anyone else who thinks this, though.
I think the song is about the fear of technological progressions. Think about it..All the lyrics are, to the average joe, or maybe an older person, gibberish. But it's all computer terms. Being spoken by a creepy fucking robot in a menacing, almost enticing manner. That's my interpretation.
I'm more unconfortable that Busta Rhymes butchered it.
I dont mind the creepy robot but that high pitched 'buy it use it' voice does grate. Amazing synths though
It's just Thomas's voice sped up: 
really?
Nah, it is Thomas: 
I read somewhere that it is although I can't find the website anymore
Tony Gardner did create the robot though and he has worked on the Seed of Chucky.
Thats a really good piont
And it also french accent, so yea, even creppier
Have you seen the music video for Prime Time of Your Life?
Which store is it? I've scoured all the FYEs around my area (Seattle) and none of them ever received any promotional material. :(
Barnes an Noble apparently.
Yeah FYE didn't turn up for anything for me either. But, you're welcome....
Welcome for what? You haven't told us the name of the store.
Well all you have to do is ask. I'd rather not have every _________ stormed on that date to the point it becomes a known thing in the ____________ chain and I lose out on mine.
Craziest thing! I made this forum banner for myself when I was about 14/15!!!! .Thanks for including it into your collection!
Every time I click the download link it just loads the same page but doesn't start a download. What gives?
, i made an Imgur album with all of the pictures.
So has anyone confirmed this file is safe? lol
That's a great idea! Thanks!
They are legit.
Comcast has it blocked.
I quite like this one - made with a short sample from Get Lucky: 
 It's not really a remix but still awesome.
Not a remix but i like this mashup of daft punk + the shoes + esser. 
reflex remix of doing it right 
I love this mix of get lucky and Around the world mixed with some personal touches. 

This is awesome.
Robin Skouteris - Get Funky! (Daft Punk & 13 more artists Mashup) - . (Mashup).Daft Punk - Get Lucky (Lifelike Remix) -                              .Daft Punk - Get Lucky (Vijay & Sofia Zlatko Edit) - . (Deep House).Daft Punk - Doin' It Right (Curious Kontrol Remix) - . (Drum n bass)
Well I listen to this once a day : . not perfect but the best remix I heard since a while
Bandai SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY
I saw this few days ago, I wonder why these aren't RAM era...

I am the only one who has noticed that the figures are the same height? Guy-man is significantly shorter than Thomas.
We had a thread on this when they went up for pre-order May 22nd. They are actually shipping in late December after Christmas. That article is a few months old. 
This is where I made my pre-order: Thomas - .   and Guy-man - 
I did my preorders through Amazon but the ship date is the same, late December. 
I really hope they throw in some more Nile Rodgers jamming out in those extra 4 minutes.
Please more robo voices during the breakdown, harmonizing with each other.
That's interesting
I'm prepared for this to be bad or simply not that interesting but I hope I'm wrong.
Over 10 minutes? I was prepared for 9 minutes, 5 minutes, hell even 3 minutes if it's good, but over 10 minutes? .This will either be utter disappointment or pure eargasm. 
Are those the same suits they were seen wearing in NYC the other day?
Remix =/= Extended Version..That being said, I don't doubt they'll put a 4x4 kick behind it, and make it a modern-day dance tune. 

Cool. Looking forward to this.
July 16th, not June 16th
and now im sad :(
My Favorite things combined, Daft Punk and The Pittsburgh Penguins!
Time?
34:12
You can just . the progressive house remix in your head. 
What time is it at?!
Ok so I wasn't going crazy when I heard that playing.  It was awesome!
The quality of the organ sound really gives the song a whole different feel. Instead of sounding funky, it sounds hopeful and blissful..Based on this, an organ cover would be amazing.
34:12
Literally the perfect time for a broken stick.
I hope this gets back to Nile, Pharell and the boys. It's cemented itself in pop culture.
I was so happy when I heard that playing while I was watching!
Great find! Good organist, too.
Is it just me, or does it sound like parts of the crowd are singing along? That would be awesome.
I noticed that, too! Yup, pretty sure people are singing along.
Is everybody dancing?
No, but they will be dancing tonight
Nice..I recently bought a whole bunch of their albums (I now have their 4 studio albums, Alive 1997 and Alive 2007, Tron Legacy and Tron Legacy Reconfigured, Daft Club and Musique)..I wanted to get Human After All: Remixes to complete my collection too, but as it was Japan exclusive it was going for 150+ on Amazon :\.Oh well, not too fussed, was never huge on that album anyway :P
I'm curious what did they have for alive 97? like when they did 2007 they already had 3 albums of material to mix, what did they do when they only released 1 album?
They just mixed what was on the album into one 45 minute song. It sounds awesome.
Listen to it for yourself: 
Thats only a 45 minute excerpt from the 2 hour live set. They also used songs like the early version of Short Circuit, Can You Feel It? And Giorgio Moroder's The Chase
You can hear them mix the chase in the rex club set
I've got those on my list as well, but I wanted to snag my favorites first. 
Is the Stardust album still available?
I picked it up on discogs.com. There's usually a few available for sale.
None of these collections have Tron. Lame. 
What, no Le Knight Club?.seriously though, great stuff and nice collection
Fuck...now I need it......
I remember these vinyls at the time..
Discogs.com
You can only buy it on vinyl. Msg me if you want the files.
crate digging
Hi guys, seeing as you liked the post I made highlighting the sections of the NASA transcript I thought I'd track down the audio!.The Daft Punk sample starts at 45 seconds in, just wanted to give you some context so you know it's legit. It also runs for about a minute after..I've also uploaded a 10 minute clip here where they work through identifying the object! - .Here is the raw mission tape WAV (3.2 GB - Contact starts at 2:24:30)
.BONUS: Here are the pages from the transcript that cover before, during, and after the event - .Thank you all for a great Subreddit, my favourite on the site!.PS. The first thing I did when I got the NASA sample was paste it over The Sherbs. That's about as close as i'm ever gonna get to being Daft Punk!
Upvoting the hell out of this. Nice find!
Haha damn, I have this same picture too hahaha. I fucking love it. 
Did she create this herself? If she bought it from an online store, I'd like to know where.
She says on amazon. The dimensions are 24x36 so search for that size. Apparently it was like 9 bucks.
Found it. Bless you and your girlfriend!
Do you have the link for us?
You bet I do: 
Cheers, mate
I have the same one.. I love it! 
Oh shit! That's two blocks from me right now!! Fuck this fucking fracture or I would run my ass over there >.<
Figured you'd end up posting this, you karma whore lol.
My heart would have been racing if I had seen them and been that close to them.
I'm guessing it's a photo shoot for a magazine article, although could be for something else... Regardless we will find out soon.
Those suits they're wearing look quite similar to ..
You're a God!!!!!!! Man I wish I could be you!!!!!!! :O
Did they let people say hi/ get autographs? 
You lucky son of a bitch.
sephiroth?
How fucking good is their new album!!! Its going to be the only thing that plays in my car for the next year.
[deleted]
What?
You lucky bastard...
I hate to be the one to say this but, there is no way of knowing that they are the real Daft Punk.
Their publicist is also in the picture. I think it's a safe bet. 
Who's he?
She
That explains some stuff
That is amazing. Thanks for sharing the moment!
Thank god you didn't get accosted by DJ Falcon. 
whatttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
they're not wearing any necklaces... and the suits are different. Is it because it is an outside photoshoot and the bling-ity suits won't seem good on photo or ... ?.And I guess they're not wearing the necklaces because it's a copyright thing with Saint Laurent, wearing the necklaces only with the suits... Well anyway, you're lucky.
If only it were a futuristic, robotic, Pulp Fiction remake they were shooting.
I honestly feel like I would cry. Especially if I were listening to RAM. Way to stay strong! 
Did you cry and shit your pants? Because I would of definitely been crying and shitting myself.
Dude, you have no idea
We're all overlooking one big detail: Their suits aren't sequined!
they live here lol
Envy.... pure.... Hatred and envy.
Where? When? How?
That's awesome. 
They were doing a photoshoot in midtown Manhattan. I was just walking down the street after work and I was like "Holy shit, it's them." The funny thing is I was listening to RAM when I saw them hahaha
I would have played that music as loud as possible on my phone if I knew they were right there...maybe it could get a reaction out of them.  I dunno :|
Well if you are listening to RAM as frequently as everybody else...
You do realize the chance of anyone making Contact with them is insane.
I know, you can only see them if you Get Lucky. You're Doin' it Right if you can actually find them.
The thread was unfortunately killed by OP. I'm sorry.
You got super close! How lucky! 
I know! I was freaking out. I guess they're human after all. I'll try and update with more pics later l. 
did you shout anything to them? you should have told them to come to reddit and do an ama interview
Despite the fact that you're a comedian, that wasn't particularly funny.
It's an American-French thing.
I remember Touch...
It's okay, OP. It was a nice try.
I guess he... Agg you know. It's been done to death.
Thank you.
Just tell people they are 8-bit representations. 

Is there a subreddit of "Shitty Projects" or "Shitty Executions" or anything like this. I find this stuff like this fantastic, and by fantastic, i mean hilarious.
I, for one, think they're beautiful.
Thank you. And I love you. 
Accurate title. LOL
A for effort and for having a good sense of humor.
Gun Supplies?
Glue Gun Supplies
Yes, quite shitty, well done!
On another note, I see gun supplies?
They take school security seriously
Not bad if you tried, keep up the good work!
thats how i feel making anything like that 
Daf pank
Nailed It.
Wow! They are absolutely horrible! Upvote!
Thought it said Embarrassing Foil :P
You made my day.
Perhaps we should talk about it.... Face to Face. 
Your helmets are Fresh, i think we can say they have a very High Fidelity.
Oh Yeah ,i'm staring Too Long at those photo maybe i'm feeling a Digital Love.

dat comic sans...
It seems like you're hitting on OP. You may Get Lucky tonight!
thoma plz
y u do dis guy-my?
actually is farel
O daf puk
Go 2 . for comiks of Tomah, Gee Manual n Frends
wat

With them on. 
Are you wearing a shirt with an elementary school photo of yourself on it to the last day of school? Because if you are, that's so fucking awesome.
Funny thing is, your body shapes kinda match the person who the mask belongs to.
We actually did that on purpose haha. Glad someone noticed. 
He just called the other guy fat.
You got the heights right too.
Yes. Yes I am. 
Fuck. I hope this doesn't become a 'thing'.
I started it if it does. Gimme credit!
I'm the short one... Damn
I feel you bro. But I for one, am jealous of those helmets. Looking swag.
_
Daft Junk?
good track.
Since there are no lights they would probably go for $450.
Even if they are kind of shitty?
Just poking fun at the prices of some fan made replicas

I feel honored! They both need a lot of work. For the record, we were working with materials in a high school art class. Not the best supplies possible. 
Why is Daft Punk's name censored?
yeaaah, what do i have to do!?
Also, awesome cardboard cutouts of Guy-man and Thomas if you "get lucky" unfortunately the one at my store was claimed :(
I have one "claimed". So psyched.
go to any record store and ask. Theres some really awesome promotional stuff for the record including large posters, mines like a plastic lamanint that's HUGE. But the guy at FYE said that they were to have it removed by the 8th, but that was them
Hiw would I go about doing this? Just walk up to someone who works there and say, "I would like the Random Access Memories promo stuff that you have before you throw it out?"
Pretty much
Cool, I will try tomorrow if I have time.
If only I lived in America...This is why I hate being an Indian fan.
How did you change "slide to unlock" to "Get Lucky"?
I use Springtomize to be specific.
Link to the wallpaper please?
He's jailbroken. That allows him to further customize his iDevice beyond what Apple allows. Visit . for more tips.

Much appreciated 
Indeed, Thomas also did the whole soundtrack to Gaspar Noe's previous film Irreversible. I imagine this is why Gaspar asked Thomas (who was working on Daft Punk's Tron: Legacy soundtrack at the time) to help out with Enter the Void. .Also (somewhat related), Enter the Void is awesome.
Irreversible's soundtrack is fucking amazing. Spinal Scratch is my favorite.
thats funny i also noticed this last week when i was showing my friends the intro
Freaky, I'm having my first real listen to the album at home when this song came on and synced with the gif perfectly. It was meant to be. 
THERE COULD BE A NEW DAFT HANDS :D
Ah wow! I like it.
Duuuude! I was making the same thing! ): Anyway, it's awesome haha! 
can you slow it down a little maybe?
"Everybody will be dancing and will feeling it right" ?  .That's not right.  
He's not doin' it right. 
It's how the song goes.
Doin' it right Everybody will be dancing And we'll be feeling it right Everybody will be dancing And be doin' it right Everybody will be dancing When we're feeling all right Everybody will be dancing tonight
Not according to ..  Also not according to common sense.  Daft Punk actually know how to speak English. 
I mean, listen to the song. There's no 'be' as far as I can hear. I'm not saying they don't know how to speak English, but a lot of songs including theirs sometimes sacrifice grammatical correctness for the right flow.
You're right.  It's 'and we're feeling it right', with out a 'be' in there. Really clear once I saw the typography original . with the audio going at the same time.  I guess the guy that made that didn't put "we're" in because it didn't really fit into the little space for words he made. 
Yeah it was more of an aesthetic choice too. Like you said, I'd already made all the words and got the spacing perfect. 
I agree. I certainly know how to speak English, but it's just what I heard in the song. A lot of different lyric sites were giving me different answers, so I just went with my own ear.
If only my iPhone could use gifs as wallpapers. 


OMG WANT! Where'd you get that!
would love one too.
Redbubble
No one. Nobody. Cares.
Is it meant for a car decal only, or can it be used for other surfaces?
It's vinyl so you could put it on a phone or something or a window in a house . Or on the paint of your car , or on a book
why tf would you subscribe to daftpunk if you didn't want to see this 
awesome! .
Thanks mate :)
Red bubble 
Is that dickbutt on the left?
Does she like it in the butt?
Dammit, they missed the opportunity to change "Better" to "Butter."
possibly/probably.  
I lol'ed :D
It's hard to argue against the merit of this drawing. 
Rainy Mood works with a lot of ram tracks. Beyond, Within, Touch, The Game of Love, Horizon, Giorgio by Mordor, possibly Motherboard but that one I haven't tried. 
Sounds great! It goes very well with the weather in France! 
wow....perfect...
Think its probably common knowledge for the regulars around these parts. It's up for pre-order on vinyl on Amazon. Got 2 of 'em!
One to frame and one to play? Or to give to someone?
Not sure if I'll frame it, but one to keep unopened and one to play until it won't play anymore!
will this have the get lucky remix then?
Yep, the single mix, album mix, and a new remix.
FUCK YEA
Am I the only one to comment and say I didn't like it? No offense OP.
That was cool
You're doing it right.
Awesome!
Love it ..  I feel this will be the new song to "Daft Hands/Bodies" to... 
i spanked it to this song 10/10
Amazing !
Fantastic... 
I love it. I want more. Really cool stuff, man. 
Great job! Could you explain to me how you made the part of "if you lose your way tonight...:? Looks awesome!
I actually just finished Doin' it Right when I saw this link and I listened to it all over again. Great job.
If I could I would reward you but hey, its the thought that counts.
Dude that was amazing, it fit how I imagined a music video of this song would be like.
Very neat, but there's bits in the song where you highlight "will" and I think it should be "we're" or something else. It happens first about 6 seconds in.."Doin' it right, everybody will be dancing and . feeling it right" - Just doesn't make sense, but I'm not quite sure what they are saying exactly. Could be 'will be' or 'we're'. :)
surprisingly tasteful and appropriate, really nice
Very cool! I really enjoyed your use of colour for emphasis. Kudos
Completely amazing, but isn't the last bit of the main verse "when we're feeling all right"? I don't see 'when' or 'we're' anywhere. I may be wrong on the lyrics.
This is brilliant!
Please make more of these!!  I'm requesting Something About Us
Very cool. Nice job!
I really like the fonts in this video, they fit the song well, ad great job by the way!
Cool, I never noticed that 'tonight' at the end
Brilliant, simply brilliant
Wow dude..I would totally watch this on MTV if they still played music videos. This is a fantastic watch.
AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Super cool!
Posted it to my FB because this video is that super. Also, it is on my youtube hype playlist. Thank you so much.
I would add a tiny dot that clicks around with the music clicks, similar to ., around the perimeter. 
You sayed you where using " Adobe After Effects", 
how long have you worked on this kinetic typography?
With a little arduino you could make something like .. 
PLEASE, please keep doing such videos..I'm pretty fond of lyric videos, and this one's great! You should consider making one for Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger.
I'm glad you liked the fonts, I did have a look through a couple of different ones to see which would look best. Thank you.
You know, I was actually thinking about doing that but totally didn't implement it.
This particular piece? I've been working on it on and off for about a week. Probably about 8/9 hours in total.
Will we see some more kinetic typography on some other songs?
Maybe yeah! After all this positive feedback I'll definitely give it a shot. Maybe some more Daft Punk...
Nicely done sir.
Cheers. I thought it was appropriate.
It could be actually. I had quite a tough time figuring out the last part.
Do you have any knowledge of Adobe After Effects? (Just wondering because of how I need to word it for you)
Yes!! I got an idea of how it works and also about a few 3D and VFX programs :)
Converted the text into shapes and then I generated a stroke using the effect 'generate -> stroke' and then just animated it on using the start/end keyframes :)
I read this in my head using Giorgio's voice. 
I think I might after all the great praise! Thank you.
You have a bright future in this subreddit!
Dude this is really good.  Can you do a tutorial on how you did the sound responsive shapes?  I'm guessing on the traced text you used strokes?.This looks really nice though.  I bet you could sell your services extremely easily and for good money.
If you're interested I will look into doing one sure!.Yeah I used 'create shapes from mask' and generated a stroke..Thank you very much. Ah maybe, but I doubt it!
Dude a tutorial would be awesome.  I think you could use that effect for a lot more than just making shapes swell and move to music..You should really look into doing some freelance though.  If you already do this stuff in your spare time you might as well make some extra cash of of it.
I'll try get on a tutorial straight away for you..You think? Hmm..
That's awesome! Thank you.
This should be the Official Video. Great work
Thanks for the compliment!
But I gotta let you know I?m probably not your type
Very cool.  If I changed anything it would be to make the beat match the syllables as well instead of just highlighting the entire word straight away. But it's just a taste thing.  Thanks for sharing.
Ah yeah I'm feeling that!
I actually thought that the colors changing on the syllables worked better. I loved that about this I'd never seen that before. 
i really like it! how do you do stuff like this?
Thank you :) I did all of this inside Adobe After Effects. If you YouTube 'Kinetic Typography' tutorials it'll give you the basics. The shapes and things were just me messing around with expressions. If you ever want any help (if you're planning on doing any) drop me a message and Ill be more than happy to help.
Can this be done on Mac?
Yes, you just need the right software.
You can get adobe software on mac.
That's awesome
Thank you!
Nice job, man.
You are Doin' it right.
:D that made me smile aha!
Would you say that you are feeling all right?
This is seriously incredible.
move over Raisin Bran! I've found my new cereal! 
can someone explain the daft crunch joke? I dont get it :(
I need to know where I can buy this soon. This is the coolest shirt ever! 
So....where am I going if I win that trip for 2?.EDIT: I just now got that joke on that...sorry im slow sometimes
Oh wow I love this. Do you plan on submitting it to t-shirt sites (Teefury, Shirtpunch, etc.)?
This is great!
You gotta start selling these tees, I would buy one of those in a heartbeat
lol :)
don't worry, it's a fucking retarded inside "joke" that people on this reddit force, seemingly hoping that daft punk will give a nod to it by eating raisin bran or something
I'M UP ALL NIGHT TO GET CRUNCHY xD
instant buy for me. please let us know when you put it up for sale! =D
Thanks for your support!, Here you go: 
Thank you! :)
Thank you! Yup it's on qwertee if you want to give it a vote and a comment :) 
Done! Good luck!
Thanks for being awesome. If it doesn't print at Qwertee, I'll keep subbing it to other dailies until it gets printed. if you want, you can like my fan page at . so you can be updated on it. :)
Also done! Thanks for sharing the cool shirt. :)
Thank you! :)
Any chance getting this to Europe locally? 
Not sure exactly what you mean. It is up for voting at qwertee.com which is a Brittish site. And Redbubble (where I'm selling it), ships all over the world. Are you asking if it could be sold locally in European stores?
What? lol. Just a silly design I came up with for fun. I'd love to hear more about your conspiracy theory though. :)
Why you're goin' around the world!
It's not Raisin Bran?
D:
Thank you for your support! :) Here you go: get a sticker or a t-shirt here: 
I'm stoked but are they out yet or are they just at the voting stage? I just don't want to miss my chance
Just up for voting right now. If it gets enough, they'll print it. If you must have the shirt right now, it's available here: .
I recommend 'liking' my fb fan page at . so you can be notified when one of the daily t-shirt sites picks it up. Then it will only be around $10 instead of Redbubble's $25.
That is SWEET! Do you think it will get enough votes to be featured on that website?
I don't know. It also depends on the tastes of the curators. I'll keep subbing it to dailies until one of them prints it though. You can check my FB fan page at . for updates. :)
You rock dude! I can't wait, I hope it gets picked I wouldn't mind Onlyy spending ~$10 rather than $25
Thank you! So are you! :)
Dear God, yes. 
the link is in the image...
Scumbag OP says he made us a t-shirt but has no t-shirt.
The link is in the image, but here you go :) 
I'll be subbing this to all the t-shirt dailies like Ript, Teefury and Shirtpunch until I get a print. It's up on Qwertee right now if you guys want to vote on it here: .Also, if you want to 'like' my FB fan page, you'll get notified when it goes to print. (.).Redbubble is kind of expensive, so by printing with a daily, I can keep the cost down to around $10. Plus it will be a really high quality silk screen rather than a DTG print..Thank you all for your support!
There, origin and self explanatory. It is not a retarded inside joke. No one is trying to keep anything from anyone. No one is trying to make Daft Punk eat cereal. It was mere coincidence and bad puns that helped pass the time while waiting for potential snippets of Get Lucky.  
You can get a sticker or t-shirt of it here: .Thanks for your support! :)
I literally love you. 
Haha, thanks for being excellent! You're pretty lovable too. :)
I don't think it's a joke. It's just like a play on words. A lot cereals will have the word "crunch" in them. In this case "Punk" was replaced with "crunch." .daft crunch I guess was the closest  cereal name that he could think of that rhymes with daft punk to let the name still flow..Also if you were being sarcastic, I'd feel dumb explaining this, ahahah.
oh nonono i wasnt being sarcastic lol. I always thought it was an inside joke I missed the origins of haha
Good explanation. I almost went with Daft Chunks, but it sounded more like vomet than breakfast cereal. :)
We're up all night to get crunchy
Haha! :)
No, it's this song.
I know it's a remix of that. I just thought the melody sounds similar to the beginning of the remix of 'Something about us'.
I believe that the fake teaser was actually from a remix contest of "Tonight is the Night".   But thanks for that remix!
Wow. I completely agree..Thank you for sharing your comment.
And it's fucking impossible to find that particular remix. Does anyone even know the name of it? I want it so bad.
[deleted]
That was made after the fake promo was leaked. It's just the same hook on repeat.
My pleasure,  this led me to find the Re-Discovery remix album which I'm currently enjoying the shit out of!
I really can't hear any similarities.
Where'd you get the Breakbot sticker?
Have an upvote for Gengar.
(Not that I wouldn't have upvoted for Daft Punk, but you know, we all kind of expected that.)
hehe.. heisenberg heineken. 
I notice Reddit (obviously), DP (obviously), Regular Show, J Dilla, Gorillaz and Vans.
I do love the Breakbot sticker, also is the face in the bottom right corner meant to be John Oates? 
Pchooooo.I see Daft Punk, Regular Show, Reddit, Apple, The Gorillaz, Vans, Breaking Bad and Pokemon
dilla, gorillaz others
snowflake
richie, breakbot, gorillaz, reddit, vans, daft punk, breaking bad, Pokemon and the regular show.
Lionel Richie but I've got lots of brown love for Hall and Oates.
The white-tee doll figure is Breakbot. You should listen to him, he has a really nice style. 
And Coachella !
Check out Redbubble.com.They have stickers of most things you could think of and t-shirts, hoodies, baseball tees as well.
Little sound dj. Do I get your cartridge? Please? 
You're the first! Actually, I'm working on some stuff now but I'll keep you in mind when I get rid of it (whenever that is) if you are actually interested. :)
y'all niggas need breakbot
my freaking ears :(
Holy crap that's funny. "From the phoenix to the phoenix".
CHOCOLATE RAAAIIINNN
This is one of Bamboota's designs! All of her stuff is pretty awesome!
Nice shirt. I wish you had a afro though ;)
Funny, my brother said the same thing
Looks good! I have the same but I bought it on Redbubble, so I spent way more than you did. So you're not only doin' it right, you're smarter than I am. High five!
Where can I purchase?
The RIPT deal has expired. When I see another dp shirt deal I'll post. Just keep an eye on the shirt sites. 
Nice still wanting on mine to be delivered

How is the shirt quality from Redbubble? Is the cotton cheap and will it shrink over time?
It's so-so. The print isn't great and it won't go in the dryer. It did shrink a bit, but I've only had it for a few weeks so I'm not sure if it will continue to or not.
Pretty boss.
loved this, thanks for sharing
Brilliant is an understatement.
Beautiful, and also has some Around the world.
Saw this advertised on geek-art.tumblr.com - I'm so glad it's getting recognition
Did you or can you buy any of it?
These guys are Doin' it right
Nice!
Is it still going on?
I prefer steal a few works from this gallery rather than steal a Van Gogh or Picasso..
How did you organise your photos like that?
Lucky!
Safe to assume he just took a bunch of pictures are cropped them all in Photoshop or even ms paint.
until june 15th 
I live in San Francisco- where is this?
Should that be tagged nsfw?
Upper-left-corner. WANT.
They where selling posters!
Ummmm you missed out on making money off me if you didn't get one.
Do they sell prints online?
i dont know but here is the link to the web-site! 
Thanks
Funny as I already use that as my phone wallpaper :)
.Source (which I modified a bit to fit my phones screen resolution): 

thanks hope you dont mind if i copy for my phone screen :D
Go for it :) that's why l posted it anyway
Thank you sir. I'm gonna have to steal this one.
I use this as my phone wallpaper too.
Same!!
What's the schematics model? Is there as image of it?
Looking forward to the Within instrumental!
It comes with the booklet that shipped with the vinyl at least.
I can confirm that it comes with the CD as well.
In case you want to sing to this (like me):.Driving this road down to paradise,.Letting the sunlight into my eyes.Our only plan is to improvise.And it's crystal clear that I don't ever want it to end.If I had my way, I would never leave.Keep building these random memories.Turning our days into melodies.But since I can't stay....I'll just keep playing back.These fragments of time.Everywhere I go, these moments will shine.I'll just keep playing back.These fragments of time.Everywhere I go, these moments will shine.Familiar faces I've never seen.Living the gold and the silver dream.And it's crystal clear that I don't ever want it to end.If I had my way, I would never leave.Keep building these random memories.Turning our days into melodies.But since I can't stay....I'll just keep playing back.These fragments of time.Everywhere I go, these moments will shine.I'll just keep playing back.These fragments of time.Everywhere I go, these moments will shine.Making me feel like I'm 17.I'll just keep playing back.These fragments of time.Everywhere I go, these moments will shine.I'll just keep playing back.These fragments of time.These moments will shine
320KBPS DOWNLOAD LINK:
.I made the instrumental by cropping and editing the parts of the song that are voiceless and filtering some drum parts to delete the voice. (:
Your link doesn't work, can you fix it?
So... Any chance you can reupload this somewhere else?
I have seen this post here before, haven't I?
If you have, I'm sorry. I searched the link and all I found was an old post about it in r/videos. 
Jiffy! 7:11-7:13..Edit: Jeebus that was fast.  
Is it just me or does it seem like he's not sure how to use the CDJs and he keeps asking Busy P what knobs/buttons to press?!
(Not implying he doesn't know how to DJ, just he might not have used them before)
I imagined that Thomas was partying with all the guys and Genesis came on and he was like "fuck man, Rollin & Scratchin would be perfect right now!", steps up to the decks, and everyone backs down in awe, they load the track and he goes to mix, but thinks "shit, this is different from the vinyl I'm used to!" has to wing it and ask Busy P what he needs to press to do what he wants the decks to do, and then just as he's about to get into it properly, the track is almost done.
I can imagine him just about to mix in into some Roger Sanchez or something else Daft Punk and awesome but he guy stops filiming..Again, not dissing, just sharing my impression of the video. :)
This is actually is Busy P's birthday bash. Kavinsky, Gaspard Aug (Justice), DJ Medhi, A-Trak, So Me and Sebastian are there. If I remember correctly, once Thomas started mixing, an altercation happened causing all the people above to leave. Rumors that "Daft Punk" were there kinda fucked everything up. 
what? were they jelly? cant just one member come to say happy b-day?
No problem!
This was from pedro's birthday a couple years back 
Maybe he's unfamiliar with that particular console?
That's what I was implying.
Here's your GIF!
Oh, and thanks to u/PhantomPt2 for posting an article which brought this video to my attention.
Behind him I see Kavinsky and Gaspard Aug (Justice).
There's also Busy P to his right and DJ Mehdi on the other side.
So Me on his left (best beard in electronic music, imho)..And is that A-Track in the back?
:(
People kept on rushing them.
ah i see. legendary people all in one place and no one freaks out. Thomas shows up without a suit to play and everyone goes bananas.
Pretty much. Remember this 2009. No one there is as famous as they are now besides Thomas.
I remember justice, busy P, and sebastian being pretty darn famous..... but true not as much as thomas.
not to mention the dude is close sighted with tinted sunglasses in the dark. Even then, once he gets how to work it, he does some sick volume and loop work.
Fresh from Homework. Now there is an underrated track
Nightvision, full stop.
I would say indo sliver club that's an underrated song
Its a great song! It is a tab bit too long hehe
agreed!
Great song! I enjoy telling my friends how it's about the journey of an orgasm. 
I've been listening to Fresh a LOT lately, and it's amazing how I never took notice to it until now. The automation is awesome.
it actually is though, I wish there were a radio edit
I don't know, I have honestly never had a problem with the length I always felt as if it kept me interested enough to keep listening.  It is also one of my favorite songs tho haha.
On / Off anyone?
I don't think that can even count as a song.
Greatest Daft Punk composition of all time. Only n00bs could overlook its greatness
I think Beyond is quite underrated.
Beyond is my favorite song on the album. Touch seems like it is the unanimous favorite song of this subreddit for some reason.
Underrated? That song gets a ton of love, mostly any time favorites songs are mentioned, too long is there.
I've still got the game on my DVR.  After I finish watching it I'll post some video if no one else has..I thought it was so cool too, glad it was posted here!
Sorry the link took so long but hopefully you guys can hear it pretty well here :)
The song is growing greatly. I've heard it numerous times on radio and also a few times on the Today Show. It's probably one of their most popular singles to date!
Just noticed it as well. Such a great track to have behind anything.
I'm not a huge basketball fan so I don't watch finals so may I be informed as to which song was played?
Just the single, 'get lucky.'.They played the guitar riff part, no vox. 
cool. thanks!
I heard it and freaked out! It's so awesome how popular the song is!
video video
I heard it! It's the only dp song my friends know so we all enjoyed the moment. 
Anyone have a video of it? 
Beat me to it!
Probably just your Beats by Dre.
At 2:50
So at 2:48 the drums miss a hihat
I can hear it, but it sounds like an intentional miss.
No i cant hear it well
I'd be lying if I said I did not want a tonne more of this. 
I'm gonna go ahead and go out on a limb and say that you posted the wrong link.
Aaaaand you're absolutely right. Delete. Reupload. Sorry for the inconvenience hahaha. But, it was a great song anyway. So maybe I'll keep it up. Spreadin' good music's what its all about.
But Guy-Man is better looking without the helmet too...


During the Discovery Era, Guy-Man's was awesome, but now it looks just like a fishbowl compared to Thomas.
It's weird, I like Guy's helmet more, but Thomas' solo music more.
I originally liked Guy's helmet better, but am now much more fond of Thomas' because of it's "personality" whereas Guy's just stares into my soul. 
Actually, Guy-Man's real name is Guillaume Emmanuel, so it's somewhat accurate.
I never knew that!
Is it just me that thinks Thomas' helmet is the cooler one ? 
I like the Discovery era Guy helmet better than Thomas', but now that they don't have lights i like Thomas' helmet better.
I've always preferred the sleek classy style of thomas' helmet
I personally disagree, but hell its opinions man, its like are you a boob or an ass guy, both are great.
I couldn't have put it better myself. 
What a bad friend you are
How long did it take you to do this? I'm studding one of my leather jackets too, but it's taking forever.
Yup, no shortcuts there. Took me about 5 hours and a very sore thumb. :) Good luck with your project!
Its probably just the way the jacket is sitting on your back but it looks a little off center. 
Thanks! :)
Is it a smoking jacket or just a quilted jacket
It's a quilted jacket I smoke in.
Awesome
And it looks smoking on you!
Save it for ..
Yep, finals here too. Good luck with your tests man!
I wonder what they clean their helmets with.
Lmao, I've thought about this as well.
this is factual, just watch Electroma.
Not sure what they would clean the helmets with ... but after the initial cleaning, they would do it One More Time.
I'm gonna go ahead and guess you drew this on the Paper iPad app?
No, actually! Corel Painter.
Probably windex. It's streak free! 
Vinegar and water then wipe it clear with newspapers. 
Daft Punk aren't peasants.
But they are realist that when faced with a daily situation find a better solution. 
Punctuation?
FuCk punctuation!' 
Just what I was thinking.
Perhaps apply some WD40 cologne for the robo-ladies
And if the lid for your can gets stuck then just use your mini WD-40!
I imagine them sitting next to a wall outlet for hours on end.  Just sitting.  Charging their batteries.  
I thought that they would simply eat, seeing how they are human after all...
Oh my god that's hilarious. Drawing that too

Please show how Guy-Man smears pizza on his blank face.
Do it! 
Really interesting mix. Something About Us is definitely in my top 5 favorite DP songs.
Jazz mixed with hiphop, and a cover of song which combined funk with electronic music. And it sounds great as well.
What the fuck is water ice
Reminds me of the Adidas ad.
It's a Philly term for "Italian Ice." Basically pulverized ice that is kinda churned like icecream to make a really smooth texture.  Flavored with flavor.  Mmm... Flavor.
It's a Philly term? I lived in that area, near Rita's, and "water ice" was never used.
AWESOME! 
What exactly am I looking at?
Unfunny
I actually kinda like this.
me too.  actually burst out laughing at 1:01
Touch? Yes ... One More Time. 
Ccccccc-COMBO BREAKER!!!!
Touch makes me feel Human After All, makes the Burnin Within me stop. i havnt felt Alive for far Too Long.
I'd reverse their positions, because the Silver had "HUMAN" written on his helmet during the Discovery era, and also because Gold is the symbolic color of divinity.
You don't know what you are talking about. 
Ahh... robot love.<3
I'd love to have this in a higher resolution for a background, is that possible?
To clarify, Thomas ("Silver") never had that word displayed on his helmet. Ever. Those are all fan-made.
Touch.
I remember Touch
Pictures came with touch

Tell me what you 
I need something ....

I took a screenshot from the iTunes LP. It's not great quality but it's not too bad.
Slightly off topic and I'm sure it's been answered before but can anyone tell me why it's upside down? Cheers.
i'll scan mine for you once i get back from work if you don't manage to find anything :)
Do it! I've been looking everywhere for this too.
I believe that someone's theory was that we are the listeners, so it was facing away from us.
Kavinsky is definitely similar to the style used in Giorgio by Moroder. Lose Yourself to Dance reminds me of breakbot as mentioned as well as Flight Facilities. 
You have probably already heard, but chic is awesome..

Breakbot, Chromeo 
My dad listened to the album and won't stop saying how it sounds like Yes. Yes isn't very electronic but you can see what he means when you listen to them. 
Steely Dan
.The Doobie Brothers
.If you read up on Steely Dan a bit it's pretty incredible the amount of similarities between how DP approached the recording and producing of RAM and how Steely Dan approached their albums. Always studio musicians and complex arrangements but still very danceable. 
I saw it but didn't catch that part.
Well it was very brief, I can see why. I didn't hear it the first time, actually.
I've seen IGTM like, 6 times now and I can't believe I missed it every time. I just checked and saw it too. Nice catch!
I heard a remix of Get Lucky on the radio a few days ago and have not heard it since
I've heard the . on BBC Radio 1 a few times.
It's a radio station.
Are the other Album covers actual covers or just pics to represent the artist?.I doubt Apple would know what the remix cover will look like. More likely the guy who set up the iTunes Radio demo art is just a fan and used the pic we see.
Guys, wait. Hold up. Is that the new P!nk album?
P!nk? Who the hell cares about that lady? She makes a lot of shit music ever since she released "Raise Your Glass".
Hey man I was being sarcastic
I see wat u did there
You didn't the first time.
Daft P!nk
 - About 12 seconds. Looks to be the exact shot they're using for the logo on there..Your theory may actually be pretty accurate, y'know? From an abstract perspective. Like we see their logo being enclosed in their helmets. I'm not great with imagery type stuff, but I'm sure there's a million implications of that.
I don't think it's the exact same shot. The one in the ad is sparkly all over, in the picture, the A, the U, the N, and the K are shiny.
It says "If you like" at the top of the picture. So if I compare it with the Bruce Springsteen picture, I'd say it's simply a picture that represents Daft Punk, not an album..But I might be wrooooong
Most accurate answer
Here's a theory of mine:.Every main Daft Punk album up until RAM had their logo on the front. Every one of those was also very electronic and sample-based, albeit in different styles. Daft Punk has mentioned that RAM is almost like an attempt to create their own sampleable songs in the style of the ones they usually sample. Notice that RAM isn't even necessarily a Daft Punk album. It's more like Daft Punk wrote the songs and produced the album, but everybody else actually played the songs. It's like if George Martin wrote every Beatles song, but the Beatles still played them..So my theory is this: RAM is just a throwback album. The REAL Daft Punk album is the remix album, the one pictured in this screenshot. They'll be making totally new songs that all sample RAM. They're treating RAM like a Barry Manilow record or a Sherbs record. That's why it's so diverse: they need lots of different stuff to sample for their new album..TL;DR: The REAL new Daft Punk album is the remix album. RAM is just a base for samples.
This is the best description of RAM that I've read. Dead on. 
I've been thinking this too, if it's true daft punk are more devilishly clever than we had previously thought
I know what you're trying to say but that's a very bad way of saying that.
You put it beautifully! I never really thought about it that way. I wonder if the future DAft Punk albums will use the original logo or a variation of the fused helmets (I am hoping for the original logo).
I thought about that too and it'd be so meta if they sampled temselves. 
You mean you haven't heard of Get Lucky (Daft Punk Remix)?
Well there's a difference between remixing and sampling like they did on Discovery.
But... what's the difference between sampling yourself and making an auto-remix, at the end of the day?
Unreasonably high expectations only ever result in disappointment.
Oh sweet Jesus yes.
That is the best way I have heard it so far!
I've heard Human After All described similarly; As not an album, but a toolkit for Alive.
You are just setting yourself up for disappointment with a theory like this. It could be epic, but to call RAM just a "throwback album" is crazy. It's spectacular.
Confirmation: 
Yeezus Christo, these 3 tracks are so good! 
Praise Yeezus.
I have never seen someone so full of himself, but holy shit is the man talented and definitely my favorite rapper.
A little touch of Hypnotise U:
The way he says . when he was younger <3
~baby blue~
Narrated by Troy Macclure.
Some people never change. lol
If I had listened to Baby Blue without this story behind it I may not have appreciated it as much as I do now. What a genius. 
where is this picture from, if I may ask?
So what? i know this sub is a circlejerk after all im on a band dedicated sub, but this is getting stupid.
Wtf did they do to the ui? .That is by far the ugliest ui I've seen in a long time 
[deleted]
Apple iOS 7 announcement.
Gizmodo's live stream.
I think people's bad attitudes like yours is really what's making this sub "quickly become a steaming pile of shit". 
I really don't think my attitude has much to do with the infuriatingly low thought out content on this sub, but thank you ever so much for the suggestion..Admittedly I'm not adding to this sub, but 4 of the top ten posts were all about how Apple used 'Get lucky'
That's because the keynote just happened.  Relax.
They also used "play get lucky" for Siri integration in the car. 

they also played Fragment of Time before the conference started
It's also the album version!
Well iOS7 looks tacky and cheap
This post isn't focusing on iOS, you fool.
It's simply hilarious. iOS 6 and previous - people say, "tacky and cheap."  iOS 7 - people say, "tacky and cheap."  You just can't win when you're Apple.
they used it a couple of times actually.. also during the presentation of the new music player in iOS .tap on control center and multitasking :D
Also they were playing Daft Punk before the keynote started. 
Yes I flipped out when I heard it beforehand and then it more excited about iOS 7 / Daft Punk's presence. 
They also played some Give Life Back To Music as an intro music for one of the speakers at Sony's E3 conference!
Haha, yeah I noticed that. Clearly if Microsoft would have simply played a few Daft Punk tracks they could have really improved their conference. 
I've had the same emotional reaction to Superheroes. About midway through the song I realized: Eureka! "Up in the air!" It all makes sense now!.Also the "homeless people wearing DP masks and pressing play while the real DP sits back and collects royalties" theory is funny because it could easily be true. I'll never listen to Alive 2007 the same way again...
Don't forget Taft Punk!
Who knew Daft Punk really just copied Taft Punk. My life is a lie.
I lost it at "Tommy Tommy Bang Bang and The Count of Monte Christo"!
Vocalists like Debbie Harry, David Bowie or Paul McCartney, and i would love to see a collaboration act involving Daft Punk with Justice or Phoenix.
Radiohead and or Muse
Louis La Roche, Justice, Phoenix, Childish Gambino ( I think he would be a better fit to an electro/hip hop touch than Kanye), Ghosts of Venice, Volta Bureau, Empire of the Sun ( i think their current sound would mesh well with these guys), Star Slinger, XXYYXX
Stewie Wonder
I think Rob Swire could be cool. Fuck Deadmau5 let daft punk take that over. Also, maybe some other different cool vocalists (Bowie). A few guitarists come to mind, David Gilmour. 
DJ Taka, Madea Naoki, old Tiesto
I think a collab with Blondie (or at least Debbie Harry) would be very cool. 
Justice.The M machine.Deadmau5  .Skrillex. That just happened anyway
I wish it were possible but - Rick James. .I feel so much of the vibe from RAM is like that of Rick James. Him and Nile with DP... Woo!  .Also, this is odd but Dave Grohl on drums maybe for a hard rocking track like Robot Rock was!.EDIT.Link to Rick James.Also, dude. Bootsy Collins could be a sick collab. 
I can just picture Thom's voice with the robots.. That would amazing. 
Death Grips, maybe the national (feel that their voices would be cool), Vampire Weekend.
Billy Idol or Dave Gahan, it would be eeeepic.
Wasn't that Kid A and Pulk/Pull's job?
Gambino would be sick, his nerd core with a daft punk backing would blow my mind
That would be Atomic.
I just started listening to blondie, so I'm happy to get this reference. "Atomic" is an awesome song. It reminded me of franz Ferdinand. 
The funny thing is that she is one of the first females to do rapping/hip hop on a song. I lime how she sings.
The Chemical Brothers. 10min+ collab track of epicness? Yes please.
Kanye West ;)
AHAHAHA-.no.

Dirty Projectors, Jim James, Mark Ronson, and most definitely Scientists and Prince Jammy. If you haven't heard of the last two they're these awesome Dub (reggae) artist/producer/DJs. 
Either Danger Mouse, Damon Albarn, or Jeff Lynne.
Danger
Something that I would want really want to hear is some bossa nova influences. That would be an interesting mix. 
Me, because I'd get to meet them. :D. 
Skrillex and DP just happened? Link?
It's the KANYE ON SITE song.
Ahh.  Yay kanye :/
What?.He's a good musician most of the time. If DP + skrill collab with em I assume he won't be a prick
Just not a big Kanye fan.  I mean, hes better than Drake and others but just not for me.
I wonder what would happen if Steve Aoki and Daft Punk had a music child...
I have no idea whatsoever as to whether or not it would work, but I cannot stop wondering what a collaboration between Daft Punk and M83 would sound like.
Yes!
Bob Dylan. Heh. 
deadmau5
Breakbot, Shook, John Frusciante.
Justice
Same here, they even sent me a code to download the FLAC while I waited for the Vinyl - sadly it only works for US citizens only. I then followed up with a refund claim and they have ignored me on both Email and Twitter....
If you paid by credit card, call your bank and file a chargeback on the company with the explanation that you haven't received what has been paid for and cannot get any information regarding the purchase despite you making a pretty reasonable effort.
I paid by debit, so I guess I can't do that...
I think you still could. Call your bank and ask!
This has happened to me too, MyPlayDirect I'm guessing? I've sent them about 7 e-mails and all of them just replied with saying they don't know when it will be shipped.
yes, MyPlayDirect.. They responded to the two firsts, saying they would .a) Find where my shipment is and tell me by email.b) Ask the shipping department or whatever for a new estimated shipping date.nothing was done, now they don't answer
Sucks to hear that OP, you could look up for a telephone number, maybe?
I did.. and I didn't find any. 
You should launch a DDoS attack on their website.
(well that's what I would do)
Swayb is a tard. dont do that. what site did you order through? reach out to the album producers and such. explain whats going on. file a report with the better buisness bureau. file a claim of Fraud with the police / fbi
Well maybe I'm a tard but what I know is that the NSA read his emails and already transmitted to the FBI, so your solution is useless. Ah, HA !
I ordered from their official site (.) and paid with debit card paypal
actuailly.....they cant see the body of the email, just the recipient and sender, when sent, etc.
Talk about off-topic
indeed swayb did go pretty off topic with the initial NSA topic diddnt he?
Thank you
My bank allows chargebacks on a debit card (although I think they call it "disputing the charges.")  Had to get one for a shitty pet carrier company yesterday.
I'll try contacting them and ask
hakur
Lol wtf???
Why the hell would you file a fraud report to the FBI for 30 dollar loss lol
Because you gave a company money, and they did not provide the service  you agreed to (delivery of a CD).dollar amount is irrelevant. sure you lose out on $30. and if 30 people lose out on $30, the company has stolen 900 dollars.
I'm sorry, but I am 100 percent certain that FBI has other issues to take care of than going after a company who ,stole' 30 dollars from one person.
what you feel =/= what you should do when reporting specific types of crime. .im 100% certian you are not a lawyer..now that terrible troll has been established as terrible, how about we get back to the subject at hand, helping the op?
How am I a troll for establishing my honest opinion?
It's not relevant, that's why. 
Call your credit card company and ask for a chargeback. This should be used as a last resort.
Hold the Faith?
Yep thats the one! Thanks so much! Couldn't get the breaks out of my head!
Its a good track!
Great song!
Damn it! Please refer to a "guy" as a "person" because this is the second time this has happened and i nearly  shat myself with excitement!
Especially since the g was caps
when you say "guy" we think of someone in particular... =p
Yeah, I saw the face and had a panic attack.
damn didnt even think about that! haha
Best song on the album IMO
Amazing
so weird, cus he's quite old. but so good.
This is really fantastic!  I wonder what the setup was?  Was it just Giorgio and his keyboards/controllers or was there a DJ there too?  Were the vocals all sampled or were there any live singers?
What a great hour of music. Thank you for posting. 
It really is. But the rest of the album is so good, too!
I loved hearing his Italian. I love that they're making some of the (currently) unsung heroes of the music they admire stars again. .Sure they're legends, but it's almost as if we get a chance that we don't usually get: we get to appreciate them almost as if they're gone, while they're still here. Does that make any sense? .I don't know, I just fucking loved this. 
Don't worry. I understood you perfectly ;)
"Sind ein paar Deutsche unter uns?".Geile Scheie!
Und Scumbag GEMA laesst mich das Video nicht gucken :/
, mate.
Zuverlssiger und universeller als Proxtube.
Nothing but respect for this man. This was awesome!
1:05:55  .is when he starts speaking to the crowd
Not available on mobile device huh? I see how it is...
Lets look at it this way... I'm sure a few of us here invluding myself don't like skrillex too much, But if it  truely is a co-collaboration, its a damn good one.
I believe that would be great, it could teach Skrillex a thing or two, who knows.
Ew 2 artist that should never mix
Well in this . at around the 3:25 mark he only mentions Daft Punk so I don't think that Skrillex had anything to do with the song. I guess we will just have to wait and see.
So what if it's co-produced by Skrillex? This means absolutely nothing until you've heard the track and can confirm the tracklisting, so stop being so judgemental and wait 'till you hear it. If this source is correct (which i doubt) I actually really like the song, even though Skrillex has a part in it.
To be honest i feel like they could all learn a lot from each other.
I really hope not....
This is getting tagged as a rumor, because we've seen plenty of other blogs that don't have skrillex listed on that track.
skrillex and Kanye both said hes on the album so im wondering if its on this song or somewhere else but i didnt see him on the track list
He said it'll be the first song
Skrillex said the first song on the album will be produced on him. It's in an interview..We will find out next week on ASCAP anyway
I'm excited.  Both artists are enormously talented.  Together they will be magnificent.  PS sorry if I'm not jumping on the "I hate Skrillex" bandwagon...
I never understood why people hate on him so much, he's obviously very talented
Very talented guy. His music is just not for me. 
I can . the shitstorm that's about to commence.
Good artists see beyond 'shitstorms'
Yo Microsoft marketing. You managed to create a worse logo for your product than Google. Good job.
 
AHAHAHAHAH
Hi Microsoft do you know why they call it the XBOX Three Sixty?
"Bing" as a verb? You're trying too hard, Microsoft..On the other hand, you chose Daft Punk. 
Definitely Microsoft PR... 
I actually like cover 4 and 5 best.

Hey man, good job, but for the Tom Budin remix, that is a picture of the German producer Zedd.
Omg... this is my first time seeing this and I'm in love
sorry I didn't think about that :/ 
If you're not going to do a direct link, you should have posted the link in the comments so you get link karma, . comment karma..EDIT: This is still awesome. :D
Talented girl!
I will post the finished product so keep a lookout.
very nice
Self posts don't collect karma, so OP would only get comment karma..And why does it matter anyways?
We aren't here for the karma, we are here for Daft Punk!
Indeed.
Enfin une interview en franais!
Interesting interview! I'd like to download the MP3 because they stop streaming it after a while, but I haven't been able to. I've tried finding a stream ripper application and recording through Audacity by recording the Windows sound, but my sound drivers and/or card don't allow for that..Can anyone download and upload for me please? It'd be very much appreciated, thanks :)
Ouais hein, a fait du bien :) Parat qu'ils vont faire NRJ, je le publierais aussi !
Great! Guy-Man talks more in french.
I love his little "c'est moi" in the beginning :)
Maybe with the . ? 
Haha oh yeah that works x) Sometimes the simplest solutions just elude me
Also on Le Mouv'
hh ! 
Merci!
one of my favorites was the Breakers Break remix. .
hmmm, it says it's not playable in my country, and I can't quickly find another version of it on youtube, but it's on Spotify if you use that
If the one Daft Punk did for Alive 2007 coutns, I guess I'd choose that..otherwise, I'd go for the .. I think it's a pretty good spin on it

Its a little confusing on Spotify because the Album Cover was Alive 2007, so it kind of mislead me, but I found it, and this was one of my favorite remixes of the song as well.
The raindropz remix is my favorite 

Because the same couple people on ebay who have them (likely more than 1 copy, probably hundreds) set the price unreasonably high, and occasionally are shill bidding them to make you think people are actually buying them..They made 9,072 Limited copies. I don't know about you but "limited edition of 9,000+" is an oxymoron..This isn't just daft punk stuff; a shill bidding trend is starting to emerge on ebay where the seller is bidding on his own items on alternate accounts, fooling observers into thinking the sell price is what the item would actually fetch on the open market. Ebay does not do anything to stop it../rant
They're priced this way (if not more) on discogs.com
I have a copy of this! I totally didn't realize it was limited! :)
The vinyl release was limited 
I believe it's also an import if I'm not mistaken.
They are a limited run on 9072 copies, each was numbered on the back.
as to why they cost like $400 on ebay, that's beyond me. I wouldn't recommend paying more than $200 tops for one if I were you.
Thanks for the heads up! I was going to start a Vinyl collection and I wanted to get this one off the top since it was the most expensive.
No problem. Haven't really seen a reasonable price for one in a while but no way are these shill bidder scammers are getting my money. Thankfully I listen to "Tron" the least of all the daft punk works.
If anyone is kind enough to make a Spotify playlist of this I would be very happy. I'm in a incredibly lazy mood right now.
This link was in the thread at NPR:
Thanks! Didn't see it
Get lucky is great, but the other songs in the album need some loving too.(Besides us heheh)
NPR fucking loves Daft Punk...they always play DP on their segment lead ins
I think that the local station pretty much controls the music. Not sure though, but i've never heard daft punk on my NPR station.
Where are you located? In raleigh I've heard give life back to music, lose yourself to dance and get lucky. I'm always like "sssh, we know 91.9 wqfm manteo! I want to hear the song!" :)
Buffalo NY. They've always played it. They used to play stuff from Discovery all the time.
Heh, literally the only song on that list I recognize. 
Wow they like a lot of the same albums as me.
daft punk blows huge dick
"...one of NPR Music's favorite songs of the year so far."
ONE of. ONE of.
Pretty great song, not the best of RAM though. Hopefully they will release some video's for Instant Crush, Fragments of Time and Lose Yourself to Dance.
What I love about this album, is that I love one of those songs you mentioned and the other two are just okay-good for me. I think it speaks volumes about how unique this album in that different fans can find their own different favorite jams on it. It's not like there are a few songs that everyone is crazy about, and the rest are "under appreciated." 
Instant Crush my favorite song of the album. Doin' It Right and of course Giorgio by Moroder are always among my most listened to tracks
Soul Train + Lose yourself to Dance = . 
Honestly its the only album i still listen to from start to finish without skipping anything. That says a lot, i at least 'enjoy' Every song. Thats very rare for a tape/album
there is . video at the end of the Chic concert at the Ritz, where Get Lucky was played over the PA and the crowd were singing it to Nile
Respect. While it was cool to have Pharrell perform get lucky solo, it was weird when it was just him alone.
When they do tour it's going to be so legit. I can't see them not incorporating a band in their new live setup. I really think that's the "Next level" thing they'll have up their sleeves. Doing another remix live show but with a band learning how to do all the old stuff as well as the new stuff seamlessly with that Daft Punk electronic touch.
Agreed. It could be like something similar to what Gorillaz has done. Most likely it would probably be a one off show like the Demon Days like shows and not a full scale tour, but it would still be cool to see.
But DP wouldn't tour correct? According to the sources I've read, they don't want to tour the RAM album. 
They never tour for only one album, so obviously they won't do a RAM tour :)
I heard it would be a "greatest hits" setlist, with stuff from everything, including RAM. :D
Of course it will ! Exactly like Alive 2007. \=/ \n/
I found it weird because he has singing over the single... It wasn't even an instrumental track.
Don't understand all those video views. I literally clicked away like 30 seconds into it
because everyone expected Daft Punk to be playing it I think, how much video do you have to watch on YouTube for it to class as a view?
The dimensions are just a little bit off, but i think its an awesome idea. I may even need to do this myself. :P
This appears to be done in marker or fabric paint, which makes it look very splotchy and unprofessional. You may want to try screen printing as it will not only create a MUCH cleaner print, but also let you create (trace) a stencil that looks more like the original picture (this one looks a little warped, which I'm imaging is because it was drawn/painted on).
Emphasis on the 
Looks pretty... Well I don't know. Artistic?
great! Luckily it's easy to tell what some of the jokes are by context and with a tiny bit of French knowledge
Longer Version : 
Why does the Guy Man impersonator look so much taller than the Thomas Bangalter impersonator. 2/10 UNREALISTIC AS FUCK!
LET ME BUYS THIS.TAKE MY MONEY.
They actually didn't have those helmets back then, they came in at the discovery era.
I think "it" just means technology in general.
''It'' is technology, in any modern definition. I'd date modern technology as beginning with the Colossus computer in the 1940's. We've been humming along to technologic's lyrics ever since..Technology is our baby, our little... 
My best guess would be a floppy drive.
Figured it's was generally anything "technology", mostly computers and associated peripherals.
I can agree with that, Buy, Use, Break, Fix, Trash, Change, Mail Upgrade: anything really..Plug, Play, Bur- How do I plug CD?
You plug in a headphone, though.
Maybe it means Daft Punk themselves. 
You really gotta stop looking for deeper meaning in DP songs. It's just good quality catchy music.
I disagree. I think they are auteur quality performers with a lot of really cool ideas gently hinted at in their work.
On/Off has really intrigued me..Also I think the deepest meaning I've seen in any of their works is a combination of Electroma and Human After All. I'm not sure if I saw it, heard it, or even thought it, but in the final scene where Guy Man is walking alone covered in flames, the sentence "You left me, and now I'm forced to live with the changes that weren't meant to be" comes into place. The whole time in that movie everybody was a robot, but after what they experienced, they felt some Emotion, and were in some way, Human After All.
The lyrics in Instant Crush are absolutely incredible..My friend who got me into Daft Punk in the first place is always going off about the Human After All idea. Its brilliant the way they use it. The encore in Alive 2007 is perfect.
How has On/Off intrigued you?.Where is that sentence from?
It's not really a song, but they published it so its gotta be something, not just some album space taker. Also I have no idea where the sentence came from, it just fits with the scenario well.
On/Off is just an interlude to Television Rules the Nation.
And Television Rules the Nation is a very powerful idea. If you want to really understand how powerful you should read . by David Foster Wallace. Or . But if you really want to challenge yourself to be intellectually awesome you should read .. It is amazing in ways I couldn't begin to describe if I even dared to try. Just read it. Everyone who is reading this post. Seriously dude. Read ..
But it's not an uncommon theme 
Who in their right mind would trash Daft Punk?
12 year olds who only listen to skrillex
Daft Punk. 
Music.
I like thinking of it like this too. Musical creation process.
i think it's a penis.
Let's elaborate this theory.."pay it" implies that this is a penis of a male prostitute.
"watch it" may mean that it is more specifically a male stripper.
"quick-erase it" and "quick-rewrite it" most likely refers to this male attempting to forget the memories that have been formed through years of this work..Many of the other words refer to the actions which occur during stripping or sex.
Now how do we format a penis?.I'd rather not break one either.
Well you've got two formatting options, hard or soft..And breaking it is a result of his client forcing him to have rough sex.
If you don't know what something is, assume it's a penis.
Pretty much how I think when I look at H.R. Giger's art. 
Sounds similar, but not close enough to indicate anything other than coincidence in my opinion.
Nightcall was produced by GuyMan..And maybe they use again the sample from Bronski Beat:
Oh, very nice find there. I have looked into a lot of their sampling, but never came across this one. 
Well, arpeggios and stuff like that are pretty common in electronic music. If the songs have the same chord structure (not necessarily the same key, but rather if the chord is 1, 3, 5, 8 or something like that) then an arpeggio with the same style synth will maybe sound quite similar.
I've always felt the same thing. Glad someone else noticed this

That's rad. Where'd you get it?
Should've gotten black. I know I have the worst luck with white shirts and accidental food stains.
Link is in a comment above^
My scalp is pretty flaky, so I tried to avoid black.  I'll have to be careful with the food though.
I own it already, but guess I can buy that shirt ONE MORE TIME!
DA(f)T SHIRT!
Here's the print itself in hi-res if you want to get it printed or something.
First thought was, "You can dance if you want to..."^ which.
But very fun to listen to! And I love the synced slap/ clap at 0:47.
And it is produced by Boys Noize!
W-Wha- Oh ok.
I checked him out a few weeks ago and some of his stuff is really good, I like his album Solo Piano II the best. But this is definitely my favorite song. There are some part of Ivory Tower(the album this song is from) that were really fucking wierd but overall hes pretty good.
Great song.
Came for the song, stayed for the ass
The original is 
Now does anyone know what 'LED LCD' was? It seems like no one knows :/
Does anyone know any other (and maybe better and more reliable) metadata / audio analyzing database software than Musicbrainz Picard? .Former mentioned did not recognize this, maybe a better software could lead us to success... 
Soundhound
Shazam.some examples of good audio detecting software.
Whatever it is, it is clearly inspired by Discovery.
Thank me later - 
It's by art institute. It's called metal film resistor 
Curious? Do you even have EL Wire on there Too (Cause holy crap that'd be awesome)..Eitherway great work
Sorry for the funk quality. I'll do better pics later
Ive been looking evrywhere, where did you found that awsome helmet
That is 
More importantly, where did you get the helmet?
Always had an idea similar to this, but on a hoodie. The hood would be full-zip, and have red lines in the outline of the encore helmets. Anyone think this would be possible?
Nope. Air brushed. I do have a nearly finished encore hatchet though.
How?
Air brushed
TIL the biggest Daft Punk collector in the world is 8 years old
You look like you have the body of 10 year old in this picture.
Not exactly how I was going to say it, but I agree.
So he won't play it.. but he will sing it with the crowd.  Come on Nile!!
So what do you want him to do? Just solo his part for the entire song?
Finally, a version without the Vertical Video Syndrome
I'm going to see them at Glastonbury in a couple of weeks - even a 30 second drop of the riff from Get Lucky would make me happy. 
That one guy who sings "I'm up all night to get some" for all 4 lines except "to Get Lucky"
HELL YEAH!
sooo... .Get Lucky (Kavinsky remix) confirmed?
It sounds like Lifelike Remix to me, maybe a bit speed-up..edit: anyone know the first track?
Sounds like a sped up 
it looks like yes :)
nope, lifelike remix
Or maybe its a teaser of DP's remix

Nope.avi.
Ohhh, didnt know the lifelike remix yet
I don't think so !
Protovison
Protovision by... Kavinsky
Man, that crowd sure is.....lively. Why aren't people moving? 
People were moving way more than the video shows. (also it was cold as fuck.)
Well, that's the point : I can't understand why, but it shocked me too. 
Kavinsky is a TERRIBLE DJ. He killed opening for DP with Sebastian, his solo stuff is great, but he cannot handle DJing. I saw him live a couple months ago and was so damn disappointed. He turned the music up way loud too, which threw off the majority of the few stragglers that were interested in him after he started sucking at the decks..edit: To be specific, he has no concept of blending tracks. He just smashes them together with no regard to harmonic or rythmic mixing. Sometimes he'll just kill the volume on one and slam the volume up on the other. Voila! Transition...?
Honestly, that's good to hear. Not that I've had an opportunity to see him, but I will definitely do my research before dropping a lot of money to see him in the future. 
Really? Some clips I have seen are good, for example, this one video of Testarossa Autodrive / Signatune. 
Here's the song ''on sight'' supposedly produced by DP & Skrillex.
[deleted]
Not skrillex, gesaffrlstien...and a legend that guy is
on sight, black skinhead, i am a god, and I'm not sure of the other one
New Slaves
thank you, i couldn't remember what it was called
On sight, black skinhead, I am a god, and I believe bound 2 was the last one..Oddly enough they actually do sound a lot different from the rest of the album..Also, anyone know which one skrillex produced?
They produced Bound 2?! They fucking hit it out of the park with this album, then
No, they didn't. They worked on On Sight, Black Skinhead, I Am A God, and Send It Up. Source: iTunes' credits that just leaked.
on sight supposedly with Dp
The track Skrillex produced didn't make the cut for the album unfortunately
Awwww :(
Maybe it'll be a bonus track....?
The first 4 are produced by Daft Punk and the 9th one was co-produced by them.
Its really easy to hear. The first 4 songs are very different than the rest.
You mean the first 4 songs are actually good?
Yo! no hate on Kanye
I mean why so you think Daft is working with him

yes theyre pretty damn good
So, all of them? 
I love it.  My wife loved it.  My kids loved it.  My 1 year old even recognized it and starting doing her "Get Lucky" dance.
Is the lyrics in this song about people being too obsessed with sex and could be out exploring the galaxy by now if we would think about it less?.Or is it just me?
nice work man! keep it up :)
Is that your dog laying in the back?
Holy smokes, sir! Bravo!
That's fantastic!  
Came in here thinking, 'cool, a get lucky cover, should be alright'..But then, holy shit. You got some skill dude.
You get one hell of a sound out of that instrument! Nice job with this. 
You got my upvote just by the title alone, I must say though I was even more impressed with the tune. 

I'm usually usually skeptical about this kinda stuff but this shit is dope. There is a dude from SF that does this type of shit but mashes it up in Ableton. You did it live with a sort of Keller Williams type setup. Keep going dude.  Learn more shit and always try to make it better!
That was really nice. Well done.
"Synths are a very low level of artificial intelligence. Whereas you have a Stradivarius that will live for a thousand years." - Thomas Bangalter
Great ! Really.
Great!
As a dancer im really impressed by how much control you have over your whole body, you look like a robot your moves are so stiff & clean haha
That was great! 
Sounds really good. Lol, your dog didnt seem too interested.

Thanks for sharing, loved it!
Sounds fantastic. I'm so glad you could keep tuning on those high notes..Fun fact for future project: distortion sounds awesome on violins, as they have similar sonic properties to electric guitars. . (but really watch the whole thing because it's really cool.
Thank you so much!
This is incredible. Beautiful work, great homage.
I'm so glad you could keep tuning with those higher notes. It sounds fantastic.
Thanks!
Thank you! Will do!
Thank you!
I was hoping to hear Aerodynamic after the bells.
But either way, Damn, that was awesome.
Thank you! Ha, she's old and has bad hips. If she didn't, she'd probably get up and leave. Not a huge music fan :P
Love love love it! I just had to sub to your YT- and i shared this vid with all my mates too!
Your cover gave me the chills! By the way, nice MLP poster :D
That's just a painting, it's not MLP...
So you're telling me that blue painting is not Rainbow Dash?
Most definitely, yes.
Thank you for clearing up the misunderstanding :)
Post this to . they might enjoy it!
Thanks! .. .EDIT: It looks like they shadowbanned it...not sure why
It goes against the purpose of the sub. Try ..
Ah, that makes sense. Well, 
Depending on how you submitted is why it might have gotten banned.
Thanks! Sometimes I need to loosen up a bit more, but I think for this tune I sort of started moving with the beats which can sometimes, in a sense, be a bit robotic! haha
Love this!
I'm so glad! I really have to do loops more often :)
This is really great. I love the sound of violin, and when mixed with Daft Punk it's ear candy. Keep it up, and work on more!
Thank you! I always thought Daft Punk translated well to strings. I'll be sure to post here when I do another!
Do Around the World.
Aerodynamic is one that would sound AMAZING on violin.
there are many covers of it on youtube like 
Really groovy keep it up :)
Thanks! Will do :) Loops are a blast and Get Lucky was a perfect tune to use to make one.
Knife Party :)
Nice Zelda poster!
Halo, Zelda, Skyrim annnd Daft Punk! Dude, we gotta chill!
Very doubtful for 2014
All depends if they tour. If they do, I think Bonnaroo has a chance of getting them. They did get Paul this year.
Hey. I can answer this question for you, because I programmed the content onto the tower. We just like Daft Punk and felt like playing them a lot. We also played a lot of Pretty Lights and Girl Talk. There is definitely no coordination between Scott's ipod (the dude who's ipod was plugged into the speaker system) and the official Bonnaroo plans..You can see some photos (and semi-proof of this post) from last year at my website: 
Haha, nice! Answer straight from the source! Yeah I mean rationally i knew that to be the case, but I just was having a little moment of fantasy! Thanks btw. I was digging the tunes all weekend. I was in Camp Emperor right by the tower. I really appreciated the Daft Punk marathon! I didnt quite get the schedule of when the tower was playing though. Is it different on different days? I really liked the Arch last year! It was my favorite out of the 5 Roos Ive been to. 
The schedule was different on different days. Next year, we're hoping to have it published in the Bonnaroo guide, and listed with all the line ups.
In all honesty, today's bonnaroo has no shot of getting Daft Punk. Bonnaroo has become what it hoped it never would.
Riiiiiight.
Was meant to be a whimsical fantasy more than a real prediction, but in the event that they WERE touring next year, which Im not really convinced they will be, but THEN Bonnaroo would have a stong chance to get them. 
Unfortunately, Tom sent me an email saying that he didn't. I thought we were getting somewhere!
Fuck yeah Kuntz!
I like how his last name sounds like ..
My body is ready. Didn't this guy do Old Spice or something? 
Heh. Kunt.
What a Kunt.Still, avalanches, GAY BAR, old spice. This guy knows how to surprise and delight. Will be interesting to see if the daft punk rumor is correct.

Yep, I think he also did that Cadbury eyebrows ad.
What an unfortunate last name. 
This is the same guy who filmed the video for Gay Bar. Fantastic
I wasn't excited about the director until I saw this comment.
He's also done a few more Electric Six music videos, all very entertaining.
I know that Nile has already confirmed that the video has been filmed, it's about time the video is released! This wikipedia edit has come from an anonymous IP address registered in Los Angeles. The same IP has edited other Daft Punk and Columbia articles. I have emailed Tom Kuntz about this - should hear back. Tom Kuntz has directed TVCs for Cadbury, Old Spice and Oreo, among others. He has also directed a few videos, notably MGMT's 'Congratulations' and Australian band 'The Avalanches' 'Frontier Psychiatrist'. I hope this is true, and if it is I can't wait.
Frontier Psychiatrist is awesome. Unique video. Could completely see him doin something with them.
Frontier Psychiatrist became my life for an entire summer once. Love that video.
Does anyone else see the similarity with around the world? Not as intricate as Around the World but the same in that each character has a sound
Cool but kinda tacky, to be honest. You'd have to be pretty eccentric to pull it off, with some other accessories/look going on.
its cool but i doubt anybody is gonna wear that
Awesome. That's all I've to say. Awesome.
(You have to mute the original video)
Thanks mate! Obviously not for everyone but it was a lot of fun to make. Glad you enjoyed it!
This is great!
Thanks. You inspired me to put effort into something for about 2 minutes (a real accomplishment for me).
Here is a mix of more of their songs
Indeed sounds great to me ! 
This is fucking awesome and only has under 1000 views? How did you even find it?
Ooh! havent seen this! Thank you!!!
I found them on soundcloud somehow
Just curious but who/what exactly is funky panda? 
"A network dedicated to promote Music artists from multiple music backgrounds"
Thanks!
Breathe happens after pretty long melody. It feels like it is robot singing, the robot .. But breathe could mean not lungs or something but emotional state. So I like to take it as another step in complicated question of what makes human . and robot ..
I noticed it on the second time around. I'm pretty sure that whole part is talkbox, right?
WRONG!.Vocoder. 
It's the best part about the song!
Well Thomas needs to breathe, he . human after all! 
Well, the breathing is annoying, so he better not breathe into the mic One More Time..EDIT: Just in case some people didn't know, I don't think the breathing is annoying, I was trying to come up with a relevant joke.
Just make sure he doesn't wait Too Long inbetween breaths
Then he will no longer be Alive.
Unless someone gets Face to Face to perform CPR
Whoever that will be better not press too hard on his lungs or it'll be an Instant Crush...
Motherboard!
you had one job -_-
I thought a Give Life Back to Music or a Contact joke was too obvious... So would one about how that person is Getting Lucky.
Stop. Please. Come on guys. We aren't 12 year olds. 
You're right, we're 13 and a half.
Nope, he'll be Beyond repair.
we could Get Lucky and save him!
Stop 
what the fuck did I just read
[10]
wat
The reason that the album came out just now is because it was finally declassified from top secret to secret.
but this wall of text does clear up a few things :P
100% mobile. I'm visiting grandparents in Georgia.
Ah, I feel your pain 
A naked woman playing Daft Punk on a sax?.10/10 would watch again
I was not expecting a curvy lady when I opened the video, but nevertheless still enjoyed it (obviously)!
That's some real nice playing on the sax, my all time favorite instrument, well done!
If any one wants to know what this remix is, it's . that I really like.
Wow! That is an AMAZING a-.Uhm, that's an amazing tone you're getting! Seriously though, it sounds great. If even one of the saxes in my schools jazz band were that good, we'd sound so much better.
Doesn't look naked to me, wrinkles behind her left knee and some on her back. Probably just wearing nylon stockings or something similar that's near skin tight. Clever lighting masks a lot of that..Still very cool video and if I'm wrong, even better.
Stop ruining the magic!
That funk!
Great share!
There was a saxophone solo in that video?
Who?
That chick has some thunder thighs. Nice helmet though
Be nice chris

No idea what that means, but yes.. something is in the air!
Guess I gotta do some educating.
Wow, never ever recognised that. Cheers!.It feels so good when he says it, so many memories in such a small fraction of time.
Fragments?
I made the helmet + gloves out of gold cardboard, took about 5 hours following some papercraft instructions.
Where did you find these instructions?
Theres instructions for all different styles of papercraft. I don't have the program (mac owner) so I just traced off my laptop screen. Good luck!
Nice! Many thanks OP!
that. that is fucking cool.
Why do you class them as your heroes? 
Sailor Moon is pretty cool, but why didn't you go as Thomas? That would've been cool for both of you
You could have worn a tuxedo and put a tophat on and been Tuxedo Guy.
Im the guy, she's not into Daft Punk as I am ;)
Did you robot rock her though?


Nice Sailor Moon outfit. Your friends Daft Punk getup is pretty sweet too.
ahh, the old 9gag didgeridoo 
ahh, the old tumblr kangaroo
Ah, the old Digg Blabbitybloo
I wonder what kind of vocoder/talkbox they used, it sounds so crisp and clear!
video is down :(
mirror 
Can anyone translate what they're saying?
at the beginning, ."Thomas" sings "nuggets - burger" ."Guy-man" : what are you singing ?."Thomas" : well, the song lyrics : Burger - nuggets - nuggets - burger"."Guy man" : That's not the lyrics ! It's "harder - better - faster - stronger"."Thomas" : That's what I said !."Guy-Man" : Not at all, you said "burger - nuggets - nuggets - burger" what's wrong with you, man ?."Thomas" : it's because I'm very hungry. 3 days without eating. ."Guy-man" Why ?."Thomas" : I can't take off this fucking helmet."Guy-man" I am so sick of you. You're an loser - loser-loser-loser."Thomas" Oh Yeah ? Your mother - dickhead - your father - your sister (I don't know if in English the meaning is the same but I can explain that Thomas is insulting Guy-man's family)."Guy-Man" Repeat that !.Thomas repeat, Guy-man show his hand and tell "be careful, I'm gonna slap you".They start fighting : "Ouch - Aouch - Ouch - Aouch - Ou-ou-ou-ou-ouch (when guy-man fall off).Then they take off their helmets to fight each others without realising they're in public. This incident oblige them   to explain they are humorists during the week and the daft Punk on week-ends.
Thanks!
You're welcome, I know Reddit is talking more English than French, but I had to put this video here anyway, even if most of you don't speak french :).This show will be on TV next thursday so we will have a better video soon
And this is only a shitty video taken by a spectator, I'm waiting for the HQ version, soon on TV.
Such an amazing interview. I loved Guy-Manuel's selection, 
Good selections from both of the guys. A few errors on the transcript of the interview, they said it was Thomas speaking when it was really Guy-Manuel in a couple of parts.
Thanks so much for the up votes everyone! .I was completely blown away by this interview, and thought it was particularly cool to hear (straight from their mouths) all the insights and inspirations that lead to the creation of this incredible album.....
thanks for the link!
This is the first time I've ever heard them speak...is it creepy to think that their voices are really sexy? O.o
Oddly enough, I am now imagining them as robots with roses and french fashion getups. 
anyone have a playlist of these inspirations?
There's youtube links . along with a transcript of the show.
Give me some time tommorow, and I can certainly work on it for you.
oooooos thanks daft bro!
this isn't a collaboration, they never met to work on the dong together, this may have been the first contact between them, but the first real collaboration wasn't until Hypnotize U
"Rare".As in, on every copy of Daft Club.
Where does it say it's rare?
I swear it said that on the comment the uploader put up... I don't even know how I saw that...
Harder Better Faster Stronger [Neptunes remix]
here's one
Cool, thanks
anytime :).too bad I couldn't find any more!
This 
This is awesome. 
mix wasnt that great. but god damn, those visuals.
That video blew my mind. 
I love these types of remixes, but this is nothing like Daft Punk at all and can hardly even be called a remix. Great work though!
He basically just made a completely original song while using  the words "Doing it Right" a few times throughout..I would not consider this a remix.
I love that this brings up the question of when does a remix just become a new song that sampled the song it claims to have remixed.
If i'm frank, horrible remix.
I am glad others are sharing my opinion. 
well that was really good, but I find it hard to consider that a remix of . doin it right... there were pretty much no remnants of the original song except the "doing it right,  feeling it right" which weren't even from the actual song and were in a completely different timing and key. I liked the song, I just don't think I would actually consider that a remix of doing it right. but I did just wake up, and I could be crazy, it's just my opinion..edit: apparently I can't even figure out the title of the song.
I posted this above to .:
Your point still doesn't stand as elements from human after all are clearly evident in Sebastian's remix. The same cannot be said with this remix other than the lyrics.
More like a cover.. Maybe?
A cover would be near identical to the original song just preformed by a different artist. A remix would sound similar to the original song but be different in significant ways..This basically an original song with a sample taken from Doing it Right, which as Zoidberg said was a sample from a different song. So basically both Conte and Daft Punk used the same sample and made totally different songs. 
Thus the playful "maybe"
actually I'm pretty sure the sample is originally from doin it right, what I meant was that Conte had recorded himself singing instead of taking a sample from DP.
What was it sampled from?
Actually come to think of it, I doubt it was a sample and just went with what he said because there really isn't much if any sampling in this album. But someone wiser than I could answer that question better. 
so the maybe was meant to indicate sarscasm?
More like "but... not really?"
I love this guy..He doesn't just make music, he puts on a 
Yeah.. his work in Pomplamoose was already great but I've been amazed at what he has been doing as Conte. Great artist.. respect. 
That's what I came here to say!.You evil bastard just read my mind. :P
No way!
It's an impressive light show, sure, but the music has no resemblance to Daft Punk at all. 
To be fair, the point of a remix is to take the melodies and rhythms of a song and re-imagine them in another genre or theme. But yes, this one didn't really do it for me. I do appreciate it when remixes completely change the mood of a track though, much more than a remix that just does more of the same.
I personally do not think that is a bad thing..For example, . is regarded as arguably the best Daft Punk remix of all time. (Even by Daft Punk themselves)
But you can . what song it comes from. This remix the only noticeable similarity is that it has the same lyrics.
Who on Earth regards that as arguably the best Daft Punk remix of all time?  Did not like.  For me it is .Edit: Who on Earth... excluding the two, who shall remain nameless, you mentioned of course.
I do as well 
This is just another glitch mob song with a daft punk sample. I'm not against glitch mob, but sebastian's is a lot more meaningful and goes along with themes Bangalter and de Homem want to express of the conflict between man and electronic. 
That's a really silly parameter for judging remixes. And I would venture to say The Glitch Mob song shows a similar dichotomy, even though that is not the intent of the song; that is a pretty fucking easy trope to represent in electronic music. 
What's a silly paramater for judging remixes? (I'm not starting a silly online argument, I think this is a cool discussion)
Whether or not the song sounds like the remixing group with just a sample of the remixed group, or not.  I feel like most remixes are like that?  Wouldn't trying to sound like the group your remixing be more of an homage?
Sounding alike and carrying the same themes are different, Sebastian's by no way sounds like Daft Punk. He does some Todd Edwards style sampling similar to Face to Face, but ultimately he's just Sebastian. His friendship with the producers I'm sure is influential.
Thats Sebastian though. Fellow frenchman. 
Your point? 
This version of Human After All sounds orders of magnitude more like Daft Punk than what OP posted. It's not just a reuse of the song title with his name and remix tacked onto the end. 
I do not like this.
The video was cool, wasn't a huge fan of the music.
better said
Was hardly a remix either. Didn't sample it, or use any of the same melodies or rhythms. More of a cover if anything.
This looks quite professional, actually. Lots of cool ideas.
That was so sick! Super impressed. Actually captured the energy of the song. 
Fantastic! Nice job man. Liked (;
EMI seem to have finally unblocked it for UK viewers, at last. If it gets blocked again it can be found ..
This is fucking awesome man hahahaha..Looks like a fun party in that little guy's room.
Thanks! Glad someone likes it!
very nice, quality was little meh but video itself was great
Hahahaa I laughed pretty hard at this. Well done man!
Thanks a bunch, glad to see it was well received :)
Thank you! That was our hardest challenge, trying to convey the energy and meaning of the song.
Yeah I was pretty pissed about that, blame the poor quality of the school equipment. Oddly enough it seemed to do better in low-light than brighter light.
Not gonna lie, thought it was going to be some lame fan made video, but man this was actually pretty awesome!  Video was really well done :)!
Thanks, a lot of effort went into it :)
Definately a tie between HBFS and Derezzed for 1st and in strong 2nd, Get Lucky. 
Touch and Instant Crush! I don't really listen to anything else than RAM or Chic anymore :D
Alive 1997: Musique/(Early) Short Circuit/ Daftendirekt/ Da Funk
Voyager
Touch
Giorgio by Moroder
One More Time
Motherboard
Something About Us
Fresh
Harder Better Faster Stronger
Make Love
Beyond
Burning, Revolution 909 and Make love.

Phoenix, High Life, Short Circuit
Digital Love, One More Time, Get Lucky, Touch, Make Love, Da Funk, Doing it Right, Voyager, Crecendolls, and Aerodynamic 
Fresh and Make Love 
Face to Face.Human After All.Something About Us.Doin it Right

Digital Love is my favorite.
Face to Face, Alive, Contact, Digital Love, Revolution 909
Burning, Revolution 909 and Make love.
Sorry but I can't pick a favorite one. It's like asking me which of my daughters I prefer.
Which daughter do you prefer though?
Can't pick a favorite one, but teachers has a special place in my heart. I don't know why, but that song is dope.

Well in fact, I only have  one daughter :p
I find it hilarious that TG Lurgan always translates songs into Irish like this but if you translate them back into English you'll find the lyrics are completly different..(in Irish).Muid ag deireadh an lae,
Nl tada ann le pligh, 
Dan cinnte go mbeidh, 
Chuile dhuine ridh, ......le dhul, .Muid ag damhsa chuile l le cairde, 
Airm thar barr t an ceol seo nos fearr, .Nl ann ach oche amhin, 
'Nois can amach an t-amhrn, 
Nl ann ach oche amhin, 
Nach ormsa a bheas an t-dh 'nocht, .Nach ormsa a bheas an t-dh 'nocht, 
Is ormsa a bheas an t-dh 'nocht, 
Nach ormsa a bheas an t-dh 'nocht, 
Is ormsa a bheas an t-dh 'nocht, .T an ghrian ar t sl, 
T r bhfuinneamh ag feabhs, 
N theastaonn uaim al, 
 chard at ag tarl ah-ah,.(In English).Ultimately for us,
There is nothing there to discuss,
Make sure that you say,
Everyones ready,.to go .....,.We dance every day with friends,
I feel great this music is better,.There is only one night,
Now that sing out the song,
There is only one night,
Not me who is the lucky one,.Not me who is the lucky one,
I am the one who is lucky,
Not me who is the lucky one,
I am the one who is lucky, .The sun is about to rise,
Improving our energy,
I do not want to escape,
From the theater happening ah-ah.
I realized that years ago, glad that someone else did as well! The "Yeahs" are also in Emotion. They literally took them straight from Technologic and threw them into Emotion haha
Yeah, I noticed. In all honesty, I think it's kind of annoying.
doesn't Emotion use samples from all of the songs on the album?
I can't hear it. Do you know where they are exactly?
They're thrown in among the other parts of the track. Most of the time the "yeah" is heavily synthed/skewed and is used more as another sound than a vocal. Follows the "Prime times" in the first minute of PToYL. In HAA they're thrown in with what sounds (to me) like "yeah-huh" as "yeah-yeah"s. As for Technologic it's the primary beat under the lyrics. It occurs 1-2 times a second. It's just so distorted you sort of just have to hear it. I heard the "Yeah"s when I first heard the song but always assumed it was just the way I was hearing it, (think "Mexican Monkey").
Yeah, various phrases from tracks on the album. I thought it was cool. 
In "Human After All" I always just thought of them as "Human" or the first part of the word "Human", which theoretically could be what's going on through the rest of it. ."Human Human Human..."
Oh ok I think I know what you're talking about. I can definitely hear something. Thanks for helping
Yeah that's why it was rated as the worst album they have released because its to repetitive. I like it though
I don't understand why HAA is know as their worst album : substract HAA's songs from Alive 2007 and see what happens.
Who rated it that? 
 
It's reviews are worse than the rest of their album so the general opinion is probably its the worst album they have made
Well "worst" doesn't really mean "bad" in this case. It just means "not as good as Discovery, Homework or RAM"
Yes but too many people say it's a bad album too. And it piss me off :)
I would assume one daft punk album would have to be rated as the worst album that daft punk has released.
So who officially decided that HAA is the "worst". 

I'm French. Even in French I can't tell you how wonderful this video is. I have no words.
Fantastic...but I need MORE.
I love how you worked in a visual representation of the beat although i feel your typography, while very done, doesn't have the same "pop" that comes with the beat.  make sense?
This is awesome, you should do Motherboard next. 
Another winner! Great job. Hope you'll keep sharing your work with us.
On drugs or off them, this shit is amazing. I wish you could do the whole album. I'd invite all my friends over and have a blast.
Wow.
Instant Crush or Fragments of Time next?
I think this is great, but I feel like it is .2-.5 seconds off in timing. Just my thoughts.
Just to let you know, the image of the split helmet in outline, with silver and gold, is one of the top candidates for my Daft Punk tattoo.
I would get this into the inbox of companies that make video karaoke machines!.Maybe even touch tunes!? Do a deal with them to do the top 100!.Boom 
I may have to do the whole album now I've done two...
Is that a hint for Touch?  haha
I know what you're saying. I did try to add in the pop, with the opacity dimming and lighting back up on the beat behind 'lose yourself to dance' and what not..Thank you for your feedback and kind words!
Ahhh I really wanted to do Instant Crush but Lose Yourself to Dance ended up being the victor. And now Fragments of Time has been suggested who knows what I'll do. Maybe I'll organise a poll of sorts...
Fragments of Time is my FAVORITE song! I absolutely love what you've done with both of these! They make me so happy (x If you end up making FoT, I would squeal like a girl. Thanks for these, honestly; they're so good, and I really appreciate all of the work you put into making them!
Great idea! :)
Ahh I am leaning towards FoT... but Instant Crush would be pretty damned awesome!
I LOVE Julian Casablancas and Daft Punk so much..It would be so grand if you did instant crush:D
Awesome work, slightly disappointed by the lack the little 'guitar' from Pharrell every now and again though.
Is that what he says?! I was trying to figure it out but didn't want to make a fool of myself! Ahhh now I'm annoyed!
Hey don't hold me to it, I think that's it. I don't really see what else it could be.
Have no fear you could add the guitar outline from Interstella 5555 into this video with no problem.
Oh wow aha! Cheers!
I would LOVE to see Touch. I seriously hope Touch is next!
Yeah, I would too. It's on of my favorites from RAM. That and Instant Crush.
Seconding this! Instant Crush would be amazing!
Thank you. I will definitely keep sharing it. I feel like you guys really appreciate it. It may not be the most insane motion graphics in the world, but putting something visual to a Daft Punk song is so much fun and I think I did a good job :) Thanks again!
Oh really? Dammit :(
Not certain but I think you might get more hits on Youtube if you use the term "lyric video" instead. There's a ton of them out there for other artists. 
Thank you for the advice, I'll change the title now :)
Wonderfull. This is like... Dancing... with words... Fabulous..Edit. After my second run. I think this could be the official clip. And i would be fine with that. 
Thanks :)
made me immediately think of the sounds we can here in a song by air . at about 2min+ (sounds like kids in recess...)
Back in the 70s they used to do it on a lot of disco/ other types of music, usually around the "solo/riff" parts. That's the best I got. 
It's probably just studio chatter. Makes the song feel like theres a party going on. Kanye had a period where he did this. Two songs that come to mind are 'Monster' and his production on Beyonce's 'We like to party"
It's an atmospheric addition to tracks that were used back in the day. I guess this is a homage to that style. In fact, I think they used this alot with late 90's early 2000's French styled house music.
I haven't noticed any besides for in GLBTM. 
Its like alive 2007, i enjoy it
Tour confirmed./s
There's some in the beginning of GbM.
To me the beginning of Giorgio sounds like it's being recorded in the middle of a busy restaurant.
It was. I saw an article the other day about how they recorded the restaurant noise by putting microphones behind people's plates.
Ah, cool. Link to the article?
Question: . .TB: There are two on the last song of the album: a recording of NASA and taken from a rock band, Germs loop. Otherwise, everything is played: guitars, drums, bass, synths ... For sound effects, we worked with film experts, studios Warner. It was such fun to record a score of people dining in a restaurant, by placing a microphone in front of each fork ...
It plays into the whole theme of giving life back to the music. In the first track, it's the first time you hear any sort of human voices that aren't vocoded on any of their albums since Discovery in 2001. So what better way to end the first song than with a vibrant, lively party atmosphere? I think it's pretty cool. 
Thats definitely my favorite part of the whole album. So simple but makes the song sooo good!
Make Love from HAA has non unmodified singing..Edit: err, I mean unmodified singing, not " non unmodified"
Singapore ;_;
I wasn't 21 so I couldn't go. bummer
Those red jackets are snazzy!
Is not Vogue Italy, is Il Uomo a magazine for men from Vogue.
I wonder if there's any way to get this in the US...because I NEED THIS.
Lol Guy concentrating with his eyes close(; 
Love him!
Comes with some awesome photos.
At least Italy is doin' it right. 
The second pic... I need this in poster form
Also when I was at Adventureland they were playing "Something About Us", "Doing It Right", & "Derezzed"
i heard Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger at Sonic last night.
Something About Us.
Heard it in this ad on TV. It's a rare occurrence, being a fan from India..This, and an intro of a program on VH1 India. Harder Better Faster Stronger there.
Another example is Kanye West's "Stronger" and Busta Rhymes "Touch It"
B98.5 commercial top 40 radio in New Jersey. Awful. 
Get Lucky at a Senor Frogs in Puerto Rico
Why is this unexpected?
That's the Daft Power
It's also the power of Oxi Clean.
A local Rock radio station. The main morning show guy loves RAM
I was in a restaurant, waiting to get a seat, and all of a sudden, Stardust-Music Sounds Better With You came on, don't know if that counts though. (it's unexpected because the restaurant plays what I think is current pop music)
I was at Indiecade and the DJ started playing MSBWF and then Cresendolls
In a tiny little restaurant outside of the tourist district in Cozumel Mexico I heard Around the World. Fitting since I was traveling 
Jock at my school was singing "One More Time." Then, my 50 yr old English teacher said "You guys know that song? That's from forever ago!" Nnnot really.
I've heard Daft Punk all around the world. 
I was in Spain, by a famous piece of architechture (palau de musica) and heard lose yourself to dance.
on the same note, I also heard to  people singing get lucky in parque guell, apparently Spain is pro daft punk
I would have to agree that Spain is generally pro daft punk from what I've seen. I was taking a Eurotrip these last couple weeks (england, netherlands, france, spain), and heard daft punk playing in every country, but I was pretty surprised when I heard it playing at random small shops both in Salamanca and Barcelona. I also heard it somewhere in Madrid (don't remember the context--perhaps in my hostel?). I got a kick out of hearing them in so many countries. Maybe it's something in the Spanish air, because I probably listened to digital love for half the train ride from Madrid to bcn.
The radio played Touch the other day. Out of all collaborators songs that one must be the least likely to be played on the radio so I was quite suprised
On this total Mexican radio station, playing the most Mexican music possible. Guess what song they played? Around the World. 
Walking out of work and a bunch of 12 - 14 year olds at the Christian cafe across the street had Instant Crush playing. 
I went to Per and it was playing in a supermarket in the really, . poor part of Cuzco. Pretty shocking.
Walked into a UPS store a few weeks ago and Robot Rock started playing!
a mainstream radio station in my country, here in Mexico, mainstream radio stations puts on reggaeton and catchy crappy pop music, hearing Get Lucky was refreshing
I took my son to SeaWorld today and I heard One More Time bumpin out of the kids arcade on the way to the Arctic stuff. Pleasant surprise.
I was at maker faire right next to a giant fire sculpture and they played all of RAM.
I work at an apple store, and I was surprised to hear not only harder, better, faster, stronger, but voyager as well. It is apart of our daily playlist and I always look forward to hearing the robots play.
Apple's support hotline played Harder Better Faster Stronger as hold music. Most enjoyable time I've had waiting on the phone in a loooong time.
Too long. 
I felt it.
My sister. She was singing Get Lucky. She hates Daft Punk. I had a fucking field day with that..Also, her defense was, "it's just catchy- not good." Yeah, nice try.
Daft Punk doing Star Wars VII soundtrack: CONFIRMED.
Man they like Dexter, makes me so happy. 
I love how seriously they actually respond to some of the random, stupid questions. "Do you like Dextar?" Haha, why the fuck would you ask this? Fun interview though
Audio: 

I would probably be intimidated by Brian Williams too. 
I could totally dig a daft punk star wars soundtrack
What does this matter to actual news about Daft Punk? It's like reading a Tiger Beat interview. Ugh. 
Daft Punk working with MGMT would be a total masterpiece!!!!<333 
They were most likely in New York for the YSL fashion show.
Are there really any DP fans left that don't actually know what Thomas and Guy-Man look like without their helmets? These pics are a dime a dozen on GIS. Even if you are deliberately preserving your "unmasked DP cherry" it seems kind of silly to get worked up over a cat that left the bag decades ago. Specifically referring to this article which was linked in the main article (don't click it if you don't want to see the pic): 
Dear God, Which one would be driving the truck and which one would be driving the trans am?
I'm seeing a Guy-Man-driven truck, and Thomas in the Bandit.
Right at the end Guy-Man would smash through a line of police cars while hauling a truckload of beer at 96 MPH..Better question:  How would G-M pass the USDOT's CDL Class A testing?
You mean Brian Wilson?
Whoops, misread. 
When I first read Brian Wilson, I thought of the angry closer for the San Francisco Giants with the beard straight out of 1861
Wow, Thomas is . talkative and Guy-Man is the exact opposite. 
It's amazing how many interviews they are giving. I hope they aren't starting to live in the public image. I love their anonymous, attention-avoiding robot aura almost as much as their music. It's part of what makes them Daft Punk. 
I do too, but at the same time, I really do love learning all about them, . them. Makes them that much more interesting to me.
I almost don't like reading Daft Punk interviews. It's as if their mystique is fading away. "No! Our secret fan club!"
That's exactly how I feel. It used to be a treat whenever I could find an interview of them. They've given more interviews in the past few months than they had previously in their entire career.
Most likely this is due to the increase in accessibility to social media via the internet. Its getting harder and harder to hide and most people (fans or not) are demanding to see more and more of them..Not that they couldn't hold their ground, but seeing as they've had a healthy career so far maybe they're getting a little more relaxed and enjoying their 'kingdom' as it were.
Do they go on Reddit or something?
Reddit's the only place in the world with relevant puns.
I wouldn't be surprised. If there's a bowl of Raisin Bran somewhere hidden in their next music video, then I know something's up.
Thomas and Guy-Man, if you're reading this, please hide Raisin Bran in your next video as confirmation. Thanks. 
These aren't the raisin brans you're looking for..
That's why only Thomas has a mouth-hole in his helmet.
Did anyone else notice that Guy-Man talks a lot more than usual in this interview?
Maybe the key to getting him to talk is to channel his inner nerd? XD
And now i'm wondering what the hell is this "top secret stuff" they were shooting at new york!...
Movie for RAM maybe. Like D.A.F.T., Interstella 5555, and Electroma. At least that's what I'm hoping.
But D.A.F.T. was just a collection of music videos. They said it wasn't a music video. And Electroma wasn't a movie for HAA, it was just a movie. Discovery was the only album that had an accompanying movie, so it's not like there's a trend or anything. 
Do we know for sure that whatever they were doing was RAM related? It could very well be for the movie.
Lost and Breaking Bad... Just when I thought I couldn't love them more...
Voyager (French for "traveling") is the only one I think, and that's just a song title, no lyrics
[deleted]
Their first band was named Darlin'. That's English. They knew the business from the beginning.
Hmm. I always took Voyager as being a reference to the space probe.
Musique
must be one of those double-ontondras 
Here in France we have a lot of singers who sing in English, specially in Electro..We love that, but I can say I am waiting at least one song in French, to remember the world they are french robots.
I don't think their success (One More Time, Get Lucky, etc) wouldn't have gotten to even halfway if they sung their songs in French..So yes, it's about marketing.
and people in France prefer to listen English music.
No ?
That's a pretty broad generalization that may not apply to all people in France..But I just came back from an overseas trip to South America, and they absolutely . American music. So, I guess it just depends on the society.
That's not the impression I get when listening to French radio.
Fun Radio, eh?
English is the most widely used language in the world.
After Mandarin. It wouldn't have one the success in Mandarin though...
Haha, I heard HBFS at a school assembly this year. . 
Black simon and garfunkel..... wtf amerika?
its a joke...
I would pay good money for an actual album by BSaG.
anything by the roots?
This is great, thanks a lot. Really digging Daze!
I could not agree more.
Digital Love or Touch
Will always be Da Funk.
TOUCH !
Undecided between One More Time, Digital Love and Giorgio By Morodor.
Around the World..Even though the one I listen the most is Voyager. 
It is really hard to pick just one, so I'll give you my top 5 pre-RAM
5.) Robot Rock
4.) Technologic
3.) Harder,Better,Faster,Stronger
2.) Aerodynamic
1.)One More Time

Digital Love for sure. It is quintessential daft punk 
Look at all you pussies not saying Rollin' and Scratchin'.
Tough to say. My answer would probably be Giorgio by Moroder overall, but discovery I enjoy as a whole their best album
One More Time - I think they feel the same being how they reflected it in Interstella 5555..Here is my reasoning:.I always felt personally that in the Daft Punk "lore" along with I5555 the alien superband (to us known as the cresendolls) was a representation of themselves. They start it with One More Time, where a whole race of alien beings were dancing to it at the same time as they performed. This alien race far evolved passed humans have achieved global peace and unity under their music. The song WAS the greatest in that world. As a human (in I5555), we can only understand a fraction of the greatness this song has. .The message to us was "In an alien world where music > everything else this song was the greatest.".I'd also like to add, this is daft punk, their story isn't finished. I'm anxious to learn more robot lore.
They are all good. How dare you assume one is better then the other! :)
I LOVE Questionable Content. Love. 
Pretty shitty joke
Love this comic, and when I saw the word bubble I spit up my morning coffee.   So much awesome, came here to post but was beaten, Upvote for you!
I love QC
OP is inside my head. Get out?! BEGONE OP! Or stay whateves. "Up all night to get luckyz"
I don't get it...Anyone help me?

I read QC and saw this on here before I read my QC for the day. Priorities.
... Still don't get it..why is this hilarious?
I don't think it's supposed to be.
there has to be some sort of reference I'm missing...
The girl is singing ..
Yes, I'm aware of the song. But one reference doesn't make a joke, what's the joke?
Why would it have to be a joke?  OP's favorite web-comic referenced his favorite music group.  I think he's just pointing out that his worlds have collided and it's cool.
It doesn't have to be a joke, you're right.
Actually I think I understand your confusion, this comic is more like a graphic novel, not a typical set up, punchline strip.  So the fact that the girl is singing the song isn't a part of a joke in that strip, it's kind of like if you were reading X-men and wolverine started singing some daft punk.
I don't think there is a joke in that specific frame. You would have to check the previous pages to get the context, I guess.

Wow, mexican robot username posting in daft punk, redditor for 1 year..I'm impressed..We're robot mexican lucky, we're robot mexican lucky...
I need this on a shirt
very nice design, I was a huge fan the original and I can't wait to get this shirt too.
I like it.  What about a Power Rangers version?
Haa, now you mention it the daft punk helmets could be part of the power rangers universe.
I'm going to take this opportunity to promote .. Mega Man Rock Opera.. (Ignore the Queen cover)
That's what I thought that they were at first.
Wow, you're my hero!
The line bugs me on both of these.
 :)
Oh man, how about HD Wallpapers of both now :P (would prefer not using imgur since it compresses pictures)
Damn, . ?
Not me, i'm American.
HOLY. SHIT. I have one of these in my room right now, no idea people would pay that much for a piece of cardboard... Makes it hard to not consider selling it.
Many fans turn crazy when it's about to buy anything from their band :)
I agree, but thats pretty badass.
I tried to get one today at the store and the manager told me no. I was/am disappointed. 
"I got this RAM promo stand recently, what do you guys think?" It's called creativity. 
This is awesome
I'm sorry I don't have a source, but daft punk was in an episode. Well Thomas was anyway. I believe it was one when they went to the future? He just walks across the screen.
I am the only one that feels that Daft Punk should have been drawn without their robot personas?
RIP Mehdi
That Kavinsky is priceless...
Xavier got a haircut
mehdi :(
Kavinsky is cool as fuck.
When I listen to Daft Punk, I don't hear Thomas and Guy-man, I here the robots. That doesn't mean you should be downvoted though.
Gotta love the creators project!
David Guetta?
leleleleel
DJ Mehdi is dead isn't it?
Yes . is.
No.
yes, disco stu was wearing a thomas helmet.
I love this to death.. so many of my favorite artists
I was expecting Disco Stu dressed as Thomas.
RIP DJ Mehdi  :(
RIP
Sbastien looks fat 
Pedro should be taller
Yeah, all the heights are wonky
Why does Busy P have so many fingers??!
He's like the god of the label, so they give him five?
It's likely because that hand gesture doesn't look the same with only four fingers.
...my new facebook cover
I love Breakbot in this. 
justice looks so badass lol
i was thinking the same thing..this is pretty awesome.
Really?
DJ Mehdi RIP :(
RIP
Yes

you forgot SebastiAn
and Cassius and Para One!
He dropped that capital A.
And Mr. Ozio

the facial expression is too perfect
Never seen him in a polo before
For if anybody wants to know where you can get the left one: 
[deleted]
Stop that.
Why am i downvoted lol, it's bad to like it? 
Fine, i like right one too. 
No, its your ":P <3 <3 <3 <3" stop that shit, thats for gay ass 12 year olds who just joined the internet.
It still bugs the hell out of me that Guy Man is the one who's a lot taller.
Does anyone know what that cover of HBFS is? Its pretty good.
Is that Fatal Bazooka?
Yes, it's the man who made Fatal Bazooka ahaha I didn't know that shit crossed frontiers..He was first an TV animator, then an humorist, and actor, and he made Fatal Bazooka, too.
I've been thinking of doing a parody of Technologic, called Psychologic..Burn it, kill it, stab it etc.. But i'm too much of a nice person to come up with other negative words!!
Fuck it, fuck it, fuck it, fuck it, fuck it, fuck it, fuck it, fuck it...

That is what I was referring to :)
thought so lol 
Thats how you know its fake
There is a lot of things to know it's fake : heights, no gloves, shitty helmets, and we can see their skins !
But I agree with you and others : a smaller Thomas prevents me from going into their game
Beginning is good but when they started talking they ruined it. Unfunny.
And guy man is shorter. I just cant watch when guy man is 2x taller than thomas
Very good idea
When was anyone claiming it was real?
Few days ago I posted a video for the same thing, but was recorded by a spectator in a shitty version, taken far away from the scene. Here's the TV version. I put again a basic translation for English robots : .at the beginning,."Thomas" sings "burger - nuggets - nuggets - burger"."Guy-man" : what are you singing ?."Thomas" : well, the song lyrics : Burger - nuggets - nuggets - burger"."Guy man" : That's not the lyrics ! It's "harder - better - faster - stronger"."Thomas" : That's what I said !."Guy-Man" : Not at all, you said "burger - nuggets - nuggets - burger" what's wrong with you, man ?."Thomas" : it's because I'm very hungry. 3 days without eating.."Guy-man" Why ?."Thomas" : I can't take off this fucking helmet."Guy-man" I am so sick of you. You're an loser - loser-loser-loser."Thomas" Oh Yeah ? Your mother - dickhead - your father - your sister (I don't know if in English the meaning is the same but I can explain that Thomas is insulting Guy-man's family)."Guy-Man" Repeat that !.Thomas repeat, Guy-man show his hand and tell "be careful, I'm gonna slap you".They start fighting : "Ouch - Aouch - Ouch - Aouch - Ou-ou-ou-ou-ouch (when guy-man fall off).Then they take off their helmets to fight each others without realising they're in public. This incident oblige them to explain they are humorists during the week and the daft Punk on week-ends.
Came here looking for their fight translated, op already delivered. Pretty funny vid.
That's awesome! Thanks for reminding me to upload my QR code, too!

You should try wearing this with the fencing mask! I think it's the closest we can get to Guy's helmet.
Very impressive. It's soloing like in that video that makes the song feel like it should've been in the 70s.
Dude on piano reminds me of 
Why didn't you record the kid the whole time along with them? 
Probably because he didn't know they were going to jam on Lose Yourself to Dance, and was unprepared for such an event
Whoah. This kiddo is beyond cool.
This is just one of those things you gotta love about Daft Punk. The way the music just encourages people so much to go out there and spread it around. Almost like a musical virus.
I love how you can see the reflection of the studio in the helmet
"Il Robot Vogue."
Does anyone have a completely crisp 1920x1080 one?
Second one is pimping!
There not really big enough to be wallpapers..
Someone need to photoshop the first one onto the Iron Throne from Game of Thrones. Game of Love.
Do you have Thomas as well?
It's hard to do Thomas, because of the background and also the text on the pimp picture.
I can do Thomas, just gimme 5 minutes.
Post it here if you're done! :D
 Merging background was no biggie but i couldn't make it around his shoulders so i did some jiggers and it kinda looks like oilpaint around him.
here's both of them . 
Could you maybe re-upload the first Thomas pic? It seems to have disappeared from imgur.

Thanks. I'm guessing it'd be very difficult, but is there any way the text could be shopped out of Thomas' page?
After listening to the song, and then watching the video, I still don't get where Pharrell comes in. Did he just write it and do backing vox? Because if he did write it then the credit given is good. If all he did was backing vocals, I'm sorry but he shouldn't have been in the song title's "features"..Edit: I was talking about in the Thicke song, not the Daft Punk song. And I now found out that he was credited for production and lyrics, not for vocals.
If this song had a video, it would have been #1 already.  Have you seen the R- rated version of blurred lines? It's got Hella people talking. In addition, lot of activist groups are protesting it, saying that the song is rapey. This had fourteen it awareness too.
Daft Punk got to #2 with Coachella as their biggest marketing gimic. 
The lead vocals are Pharrell.
According to the blured lines wiki page' it says pharrel produced it.
I know
Get lucky kicks that song in the balls.....what the fuck trash is that?
He has no lead part. I did just check the details using the wonderful Google, and it turns out his part was Production and Lyrics. TI and Thicke were Lyrics and Vocals.
It was likely assumed that you were referring to Pharrell's role in Get Lucky since you didn't clarify what song you were talking about and this thread is about GL.
Yeah, I thought he was talking about Get Lucky.
Oh whoops, sorry guys
He was supposed to hit reply to that comment above about blurred lines. That's why everyone is confused.
How is that POS song #1!?
Can someone tell me why it isn't being played on the radio? My office plays Top 40's (can't stand it) and I haven't heard it. Is it licensing? My local morning news and CNN play clips of it. 
luck my work we listen to spanish music
Idk, I hear it on the radio almost every day.
My local KissFM station plays it quite regularly, I hear usually it at least once on my way to work and on my way home. 
We're up on Mexican monkeys
Well, then. I guess Chicago radio sucks. 
I can not listen to the radio for more than 20 minutes before "Get Lucky" comes on. It's on all the time.
I was going to ask this... I heard it for the first time on the radio last week and about shat my pants with joy
it is currently at number 5 for numbers of play at radio.there's something wrong in your office top 40's
Baltimore and DC's Top 40 stations aren't playing it much at all. I've heard it maybe twice on either, while I've heard it many, many times on a few R&B stations and an alt rock station.
Thought it already was. Pretty sure it was already number one here.Edit - meant in Canada. Still wrong Lol
Nope, Blurred Lines has been holding that spot for a while.
Whoops meant to say in Canada
for 2 weeks
why have I never heard of this song
 (NSFW)
Well that makes a lot more sense than the weird plastic outfits they had on in the sfw version.
lol. it's not available because it has naked and sexual meterial...
There's a more tame version that I didn't link to.
What is this shit? 
A fun summer song. Shit's smooth. 
A polished turd is still shit. 
I like both Get Lucky and Blurred Lines. Sue me.
See, it's a good thing that's just your opinion and not fact. Robin Thicke is extremely popular among a) teen girls and b) mothers. Sorta like Michael Buble. .It's a fun summer song, like someone else said. Get Lucky isn't a musical masterpiece by any means either. It's fun to listen to, makes you happy and want to dance. 
Too bad that's the only song from the new album that's popular at all. I wish they had made more songs like that instead of going for the really old-school/hard to understand genres.
Why? Do you enjoy the album? Do you think Daft Punk enjoyed making the album and are proud of their work? If so, why does it matter than there isn't commercial success?
Already heard Doin' It Right on the radio several times. 
I guess it was a good album, but I haven't listened to it since it came out, and that's saying something. People were expecting a very digital album similar to Discovery (me included), instead we got an old-school album full of pieces that were out of the 70s. That's why the only song anyone I talk to likes is Get Lucky, because it actually sounds like modern music they would enjoy listening to. It felt like a failure to me.
They had said they were doing an analouge album. Of course it was going to be retrospective..Anyway, I'm not going to convince you to like the album. Your choice how you feel about it. Personally, I love it. I think it'll be more popular in the next few years than it is now (see Human After All)..Also, I imagine the R.A.M mixed album they've been talking about will be more Discovery-esque.
It was still disappointing for many people. The biggest issue is that Daft Punk doesn't just pump out albums so we can ignore this one, it's all we have for many years probably.
I hate that people are down voting you just because they disagree. I think a lot of people are still in denial over RAM.
It's shit you're being down voted for your opinon. Reddit sucks sometimes. 
You can like more than one kind of music. Many people really like the direction they took it. Also, old does not mean bad and modern doesn't mean good. 
Many . people didn't. Outside of this sub people don't praise the album much. Most of the purchases of it was because people thought there would be more stuff like Get Lucky, which wasn't the case. Again, I'm not saying it's a bad album per se, but it felt disappointing to many people.
I highly disagree with your assumption that there are more daft punk fans against this album than with it. That is a baseless statement. All I have heard outside reddit is praise for DP's new direction, and praise from new fans being introduced to DP. Plus, the critical reviews (per Metacritic) have been more favorable towards RAM than any of the other DP albums.
Can you please qualify that statement?
It was available for listen on youtube days before as well as extremely detailed descriptions of each track out weeks before it. Why would people mistakenly buy it?.
DP was clear on what kind of album they were making, early reviewers did nothing but confirm the kind of album that it was..The only people I've heard dislike it are people who religiously listen to the charts, where it is disappointing because it only has perhaps 3 songs suited to that musical style. 
Most people who bought it only had heard Get Lucky before, I'm certain of that. People don't follow every leaked snippet like this sub does. I personally know people who were expecting more like Get Lucky and the old DP style and were disappointed. That's all I'm saying.
I was one such person. .I didn't listen to any leaked snippet, reviewers had copies months before a leak was even possible and released early reviews. .Also if they heard Get Lucky and were expecting something like the old DP style, what were they on?! Get Lucky is one of the least "like DP" songs on the album..The slow ballad/downtempo songs (there are quite a few) are very like their older stuff in Discovery's Something About Us, Night Vision and Veridis Quo. .While many of the people you know may be in the category that were expecting an album full of chart singles, you seem to be making many baseless statements involving the words "many", "more" and "most" without any back up. .Fact is, "most" acclaimed music critics rated the album above 80%, ."Most" people who say that they were expecting the old DP style could not name any of the DP songs that haven't made it to the charts, in my experience. An album full of singles gets old fast.

Pharrell is on top of his game right now! 
"The Neptunes are estimated to have a net worth of $155 million and are considered one of the most successful producers in music history, noted by twenty-four Billboard Hot 100 top 10 hits during the late 1990s and 2000s.[1] In 2009 Billboard ranked The Neptunes No. 1 on their list of Top 10 producers of the decade."
He always has been. He just kind of went on hiatus for a while.
it's also the only single they've released. The next single will be lose yourself to dance and I imagine it will become pretty popular.
Ugh, you think so? That has to be one of the worst tracks on the album. .I was thinking "Instant Crush" or "Fragments of Time."
I know several peyote who have called it their favorite. I'm a huge fan of the song, i'm going it gets dropped as a single: there us ruin in the radio lately for some slower jams these days.
I wish they'd release Instant Crush as a single, honestly.
Yeah. If you bought the physical album the sticker said "featuring get lucky and lose yourself to dance".Edit: and just a comment, i never thought fragments in time had the potential to be a single. Great track but not even close to something that would get radio play in today's world, IMO
not as superpopular as get lucky,but i think it will have a good success.
But without proper videos their single has less steam than the others,that make the success of Gey Lucky even more impressive.
I already have heard lose yourself to dance at a cafe and club and this was the week the album came out. I'm sure it will be quite popular (hopefully)
It will bang in da club
No, that's Saul Berenson!
Not sure if you're referring to the title, or that it's Saul who plays Inigo. William Goldman is the author of "The Princess Bride". 
I actually laughed 
Mandy Patinkin is the actor that plays both. Saul is his character on Homeland. A great show in my opinion.
Right you are! My mistake. 
If anyone's interested, Nile Rodgers is playing with Chic on Friday at 22:15 - 23:45.
 is the non-mobile version of this site.
Callin it: Don't think its gonna happen
Hnnnng, I'm going. If they do play and I miss it, I WILL cry for days.
Please god no :(.I tried to get a ticket so hard, even in the re-sale, and the final re-sale and I failed. DON'T DO THIS TO ME
I have got one driving down Tuesday evening. I hope it's true.
I really super hope it's not true because I'm not there obviously. But I sort of wish it would happen just to make everyone there happy, Mixed emotions. :(
at least you will be able to watch it on tv, live. 
I appreciate the effort but it's no substitute :(
Now i can post myself pooping while the cd is by my side. 
Damn, my parents used to have these things, I always thought they looked badass. You're lucky !
Good thing you saved them, those JBL Century speakers are pretty awesome. Is that a JVC receiver?
They look to be in good condition. Can't beat a good ol fashion hifi.
Awesome. Now you just need the RAM vinyl LP. :P
ive got one but no turn table :(
Especially if paired with a proper old school amp. Sound is warmer, more pleasant, if a bit less sharp and boomy than current models. But I for one prefer it.
:(
How is this related to daft punk?
It looks like the inside of their helmets as robots. Well, where their face is anyway.
You can clearly see the RAM CD!!!!.But cause its more "vintage" gear I would assume. 
So this card does what? Make phone calls?
I believe the card is like a universal gift card, you can use it for train payments, phone stuff and other things. 
Kind of like an id card or something, this way you can customize your card since you would use it daily. 
man, korea always gets the best stuff, they are soo spoiled
Judging by how much bonuses Korean music companies package with their albums, I'm not surprised that they put in something special to attract people to buy the CD.
How much? I'd love to get my hands on one of those T-Money cards. Also, is there anything different about the CD itself?

This edition is on sale at the moment, costing 18,000KRW ($15). The CD itself is exactly the same as the normal edition :)
Tom Jones singing, "We're up all night to get some" really doesn't sit right with me...
I actually like these background vocals better than Pharrell's, which are a little bit dissonant.
awwwww yisss Tom Jones.
Why not just have Jessie J sing the whole thing? 
That first singing coach was fucking terrible..Also will.i.am looks like a special ed student that found a keytar. Everyone feels bad for him so they let him pretend to have musical talent with the other kids..This whole video made me want to vomit.
Tom Jones' solos were the only good part of that.
Like the top YT-comment says: Jessie J saved it.
the fuck was the white dude doing?.jesus..
all these covers are driving me insane.
This is atrocious
I'll take a full Tom Jones version, please
So, everyone sings Get Lucky these days? Maybe I should try it too... 
i hate to disagree with a youtube top comment but everything in this aside from Jessie J was terrible.  She carried this performance
I think Jessie was pretty good here :O
Jessie J, Tom Jones, Danny from The Script . Will.i.am???? Hold me.
There were bits of this performance that weren't awful, mostly the bits sung by Jessie, but when they all sang together it was a bit like a drunk karaoke night...
william, first time i saw a black musician without talent man, the only talent he gets its getting his own way stealing from DP, remove william, im ok with this cover
Sir Tom was actually pretty good too IMO.hated the other dude in black tho.. his voice is annoying :|
Should be singing a Justin Timberlake song IMO 
:(
I kinda want to rip my ears off after hearing this rendition. 
It's a testament to the song that these "singers" could somehow sing a decent version of this. It was so awful but the melody shone through.
I like how they used the pyramid at the back.
I was just thinking the same thing ;)
It reminded me more of Zelda :|
Oh god, will.i.ams getting an idea.
I would buy the nonliving fuck outta that!
How quickly can you take my money in exchange for this print?
Unfortunately it's not for sale. It wasn't actually screen printed, it was spray painted with a 6 layer stencil that I made, that was unfortunately destroyed in the painting process. In the future I might recreated the stencil using a longer lasting material, but it might be quite a while. Either way, I'll certainly post it here when it is done.
Compared to you I'm shit at drawing/painting. 
Well thanks, but don't compare yourself to other people, it can be pretty discouraging when you're just starting out at something. Also, This was spray painted with a 6 layer stencil that I made, so no free hand drawing or Painting took place. You should look into stencils. They have a huge range of difficulty, so it's perfect for beginners and more advance people. Check out 
Ughh it looks sooo sexy!
no you're the only one
Looks like the instruments in one of The Stroke's video's, can't remember which one though.
"12:51", possibly?
Nile Rodgers used those for ages, .
Ampeg has the Dan Armstrng series with some nice guitars and basses with plexi bodies. Check em out!
Maybe, or one from a Is This It single video. 
It's called an acrylic guitar, and because of the material used for the body, it makes the guitar heavier than most, jut in case you were genuinely interested. You can get them in different colours too. 
They are enjoying their ..
Vents
 They were the cheaper helmets that were used for Electroma, however the holes weren't present in this helmet (in this scene at least). Cool find OP.
Yeah, I imagine he's got some discreet profile fans hooked up in the vents. I can't think of any other reason to have those there other than for ease of carrying without leaving smudges.
Shit. I just realized I credited the wrong OP for the picture, I really was looking through .'s album.
Yes you did :)
Cool find OP ! In a interview at french radio, he complained it was too hot in his helmet, but "it has a little system of air conditioning"
i thought so too!
sorry, i feel stupid but, what song?
He's featured in a Robin Thicke song called "Blurred Lines".  Great unrated video everyone should see.  Song came out a few months before RAM.  
oh lol, i know that song. the brownhaired girl in that, phew.
he name is Emily Ratajkowski
yes, that little snack. only 1 year older than me, going to get her as soon as I've the money for a plane and a ring.
Not actually his song, but that doesn't matter. :)
It actually IS his song, but that doesn't matter :)
Well, he wrote the lyrics and produced it so he gets some credit. 
Yes.
I love discovery era
I like it too. It was incredibly different. All those photo's in Japan made Daft Punk seem like unreal beings. 
They're.. real?
Yeah. But I mean they seemed like really cool anime characters or something. Especially with the outfits and the LEDs and the tubes they had coming out of their helmets.
I get what you mean man, I loved the colours on Guy-mans helmet and the tubes that came out of the helmet, felt kind of Steam Punkish
Dat . 
Missed it by an hour and twenty minutes :/
3 July.
let's keep our fingers crossed... perhaps we can all get lucky. ;)
Can someone post a screenshot of this (doesn't work in USA).
I hope so !
Its fake, He posted a link to a Soundcloud and it turned out to be a a 'Get Lucky' Dubstep remix, I quickly searched on Youtube and found the exact song. Proof: . What he posted. .What I found: .He also posted a Vine for proof, but it was just the beginning of the song I found.  
Didn't know people can do this on deezer (put a soundcloud song, with a release date etc...) 
You shouldn't be able to, it's called lying.
Also, my friend code if anyone wants to be buddies: 3093-7407-2767. Reply here or send me a PM with yours :)
Added.
Here's mine:
1247-0002-9564
Wow that's sweet! Thanks 
All send you one later. Away from 3ds right now. 
Added. Here's my Friend Code: 2707-2149-4055.
Thank you!
this is perfection.
Thanks!!
Add me 5086-1512-9241
Making a comment so I can find this later, thanks op
My pleasure. Glad you guys like it!
I hope when I get new leaf I can fine this...
Save this and then you can scan the QR code once you unlock it!
I tried to scan the code, but it says that it doesn't support your QR code. Any idea how to fix it?
That's odd. :S I have no clue why it would do that. I wonder if anyone else has successfully gotten it to work. Did you do it in the game, or on the regular 3DS camera from the menu screen?
On the regular 3DS camera. 
Ahh, that's why :) you need to unlock the QR reader in-game by talking to Sable every day for about 16 days in a row. You make and read QR codes that way.
Ohhh. I just picked up the game, and I had no idea what to do. Thanks a lot. 
My pleasure! Have fun. If you wanna exchange friend codes I have mine posted on this thread.

Got the QR codes for those? I'd really like that in my house
Sure, here you go. ., 
Thanks!
My 3DS won't even scan those QR codes. Any idea how to fix it?
That looks awesome!
Oh my god, this is sick. Thanks, OP! Usin this for my town flag.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
This was during alive 2007 right?
Yeah! Were you there?
Sorry man I wasn't :-( Red rocks was one heck of a show though. Just wanted to clear up any confusion. I'm curious as to how/what the party was like!
Story time!.I saw Daft Punk at Coachella 2006 and wanted to see them again, so my gf and I bought tickets for the show at Red Rocks the second they went up for sale. In those days bands were actually posting pics and things from shows on myspace and pretty active in replying to messages. I noticed that a bunch of after party fliers went up on (I think) Busy P's myspace page for tour locations like Chicago and LA but nothing for Red Rocks. I sent him a PM and a few days before the show he replied with the address personally. It was at a place called The Milk Bar and we had a fun time trying to find it without smart phones and GPS. I actually think I printed off a map from mapquest. Anyway, as soon as Daft Punk finished at Red Rocks amphitheater we basically ran to the car and got out of there heading to the after party. We were the first ones there and Busy P showed up second. We were already pretty tired from the show (and Casa Bonita) but were determined to stay up and dance. I can't remember if they said anything about Kavinsky at Red Rocks when they were DJing before Klaxxons, but the show was basically a huge birthday party for him. Busy P, Kavinsky, and SebastiAn DJed until 2am in a fairly small basement venue. I'm pretty sure we spotted Bangalter down there with us, too, but he didn't jump on the turntables or anything. It wasn't super packed, which was nice. We had space to be able to dance. I think they noticed out white kid supermoves a few times and I'm positive photos exist out there somewhere- I just can't find any. We ended up getting 2 hours of sleep before our flight home but it was completely worth it.. to the actual flier which, again, wasn't heavily circulated like the others. . from the dafter Party in Chicago. from Ontario
Dude that's an awesome story! Totally wish I could have been there...I would give my left nut to bust a move with bangalter. 
Man, I hope that Daft Punk tours one day again...Hopefully after I turn 21
I have a few but have to track them down. Had a ton of fun. Booze is cheap in Denver (made the trip from Calgary).
Here are .I honestly don't think any of the pics I posted are mine aside from the ticket, shirt and a couple of the concert pics. Not sure where the club photos are from but mine have the same red lights over the stage but aren't as clear - I posted a few. I did find the email for the afterparty - it was text only from "going.com" My friend still tells me that I found him at some point convinced I talked to someone who "looked French and Bangaltar" but really, we were a mess. .Not sure how I ended up with that shirt but I recently found it in a box that I had packed up with the ticket when I moved after the show and completely forgot about it.
THESE ARE AMAZING! Thanks! I'm pretty sure I'm .I have the Alive 2006 shirt as well. Those were made out of a really weird material. What I really wanted was a Justice Live 2007 shirt like Kavinsky's got in that pic by SebastiAn. That's still a kind of holy grail for me.
Please do! Even if I don't spot myself in any they'd be great to see
Added a few more to the album. Check it out :)
Do you have a cut out of it ?
Going round a festival with a cam and a mic is one of the craziest things ever. People would believe you whatever you said, don't abuse the power!!
Got a laugh outta me, not going to hate it.
I laughed because its so true, I mean just look at the whole "Fun Radio" fiasco a while back. I do feel bad for the people though, I'd do the same thing.
That guy is a faget.
I'm with this guy. Give me your glorious downvotes baby.
Reminds me of their signatures.

Translation: Happy Birthday Bruno
I feel like the pan was meant to be a monkey...
Daf Pank
Yes but do they also bake it harder, faster, and stronger?
Perhaps, if they have cooked it in a 
That's an old piece of machinery, all it does is makee rolling and scratching noises
Maybe a ., try to turn it . and remember : don't bake that cake for . to avoid  
Fuck FUN Radio, never forget.
why?
Fuck Fun Radio, but happy birthday to Bruno !
Also fuck R.Kelly
They announced they would play Get Lucky for the first time, before anybody else, they gave a date (04/15/13), and nothing happened that day.
Well in their defense they never actually said they were gonna play it. i'm french and i listened to the announcements and everything.
I'm french too, you missed something ;) 
oh well.. fuck fun radio i guess then
That thing is horrifying
I've never seen this on Sound Cloud before. Very disappointing to see them using regional restrictions now. 
why not use hidemyass.com
?
I LOVE YOU BASED GOD! YOU CAN HAVE MY BITCH!
...I don't get all this love for Lil' B. Is everyone being sarcastic or what?
TYBG
Have a look at the 'Controversies" section..I looked at the page while listening to the song, so my face cringed to the point of my forehead closing in on itself. 
I was. That song was awful.
Thank you, Based God! Please fuck my bitch.
I'm looking at the comment section...People actually like this guy?.Or is there something i'm not getting here?
It's mostly sarcastic. Check out 
Happy new year base god!
It's all sarcastic for the most part.
Dear God. What the heck. u.u

ugh. brr. somehow, the tolling of the death knell at the end was a welcome sound for this cover. i am disappointed since the rhythmic tapping at the 30-sec mark sounded promising.
For how long did you watch? u.u
Someone should make this mod for Super Mario Bros. (.)
A Mario 2 one would be cool where you can choose either character to use alongside Mario/Luigi/Peach/Toad with specific powers for each. Wonder what they could be.
Anyone got a link that isn't spotify??
Here's an 
Deezer's music services are not yet available in your country.
I thought America was supposed to be free >.>
what is going on!!!! i can't listen to it!! :' (
try to download it :

403 Forbidden. 
The owner of this track has not made this sound available for streaming in your location..:(
Enable a VPN and enjoy!
I was getting that too, but can listen here:
It got deleted, anyone else have a different link?
Thank you very much!
The bass during Alive 2007's Steam Machine right before Around the World starts creeping in.  That dark booming bass just gets me every time.  .I know it's not a legit bassline in the technical sense of the word, but that's the first thing that springs to mind. ;)
Burnin'
I wouldn't say it's the best, but Teachers has a real cool wah-wah bassline!
I always loved the bass line on voyager. 
Gotta agree with Voyager and Around the World but... Too Long/Steam Machine anyone? That synth-bass at the beginning drives me crazy
Oh Yeah
Veridis Quo anyone? So freakin' chill!
Motherboard
Voyager of course BUT Superheroes at 0:47 gets me everytime !!
If this had been asking about the best bassline in a Justice song, I have a feeling nobody would have an answer
How come no one mentioned Teachers?
Something About Us anybody?
Now that I think about it, it does have a good bassline.
Definitely Chord Memory
I really like Get Lucky's bass its so damn funky
I concur
also give life back to music
don't forget Lose Yourself to Dance
The first of the three 'Around the World' bass lines has to be my favourite. It's just so pumping and by the time it comes up again mid-song somewhere I'm bobbing my head up and down.
I really enjoy the second bassline in Around the World. It sounds so funky!
All three of the basslines in Around the World are great. This is definitely the only correct answer to OP's question.
Although sampled, Burnin' for sure.
Closely followed by Voyager.
Robot Rock.
None of the songs on Human After All really have a prominent bassline like Voyager or Around the World. The first two albums have many good ones, though.
I just prefer it.
Loooove that song. 
Solar Sailer?
Newjack or Stress
I was thinking we are your friends
VOYAGER! .ATW second
Voyager is an excellent, but the bass in Crescendolls (even if it follows the melody) is just undeniably GROOVY!.Also, I just have to add--even if we aren't opening it up to all the songs that the two ever did--that Together has one of my favorite bass lines of all time. I still get chills almost every time I listen to it.
Around the World of course! 
Mothership Reconnection (Daft Punk Remix) no contest that's the most groovy !
Glad to see some love for this little-known remix.
I just LOVE that remix! Proof: 
don't forget their discography
Voyager. No contest.
So funky!
I've been waiting for this question. It's Voyager. The bass line is more prominent in Voyager than any other song, and it's amazing. To me Around the World has the 2nd best. It's almost as catchy but it's not the focus of the song like in Voyager. In Voyager, the bass line drives the song forwards, whereas it is just another aspect in Around the World or any other DP song..Personally I don't see much of a great bass line in "Too Long", and it's not there for the whole song. It goes great with the beat, but it's doesn't contribute as much to the song as in Voyager or Around the World.
Voyager is beyond awesome.
While I agree completely with the first paragraph, I still really enjoy the bassline to Too Long. It's not as prominent as the Voyager or Around the World, but it gives the last half of the song such an incredible punch.
Well done, you've saved me a few keystrokes! 
I literally came here to post that Voyager was the best. Gets me every single time. Love that song
I did the exact same thing yesterday, i made a spottify just to listen to listen to it. Pure magic
"OMG 10 minutes! 10 miiiiiinutes!!! Fucking ten minutes!!!" Thats what I feel like right now :D
Hell, is the track 15 minutes long or 10:33 long?.Edit: Nevermind I'm stupid.
I didn't like it. The rearrangement of the original track felt 'wrong' and almost out of sync with the following '...get lucky'.
DAE LIKE THE DAFT PUNK REMIX THAT WAS JUST RELEASED, HERE LET ME TAKE THIS SUPER INTERESTING SCREENSHOT OF MY PHONE SO YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN.
Even though the remix isn't blowing me away, I still enjoy it. And I like the fact that even though it is a remix, they still tried to keep the sound and style they had in RAM, seems like an interesting way to do a remix rather than to just do the typical edm stuff.
this is brilliant on so many levels..first of all the track is dope. they used a lot of interesting layering and breakdowns kinda like the stronger grammy mix. they added some fresh arppeggiated synths exactly like in alive07. it's like their older styles executed perfectly within the framework of ram's musical inspiration..second of all, they broadened the concept of get lucky and the "legend of the Phoenix". I'm surprised no one has commented on the way the two promo videos perfectly mirror each other, with the sun and the moon. that blew my mind that a remix could reinforce the idea of the original by flipping it upside down. they made a simple cut edit and the chord progression has a completely different connotation. .just brilliant if you ask me
I think you are reading into this remix track way too much
I think everyone noticed the moon/sun juxtaposition. We're not idiots. 
I never saw these promo videos he's talking about, do you have a link?
Sorry but this remix isn't that great. Its just an out-of-order loop on repeat. But then again, Daft Punk was never great at remixing tracks. Daft Club being a prime example, they're just whatever.
Daft punk only remixed 2 or 3 songs on daft club. The rest were other artists remixing daft punk
Hey guys, this guy has an opinion different from yours! Downvote him!!!!!!!.This subreddit is a joke.
I'm so sick of this god damn subreddit. It's just a big circle jerk. One comment bad about daft punk and you're downvoted to hell. But a lousy post like "OMG Daft Punk took a breath today" and it gets hundreds of likes. Such a fucking joke
What? Did you not see the threads when the remix came out? Tons of comments that were upvoted, many of them agreeing that the remix was "meh"..I personally like it, but I can absolutely see why people don't. .What I DON'T understand, however, is how over the course of a few days people went from universally agreeing the remix was meh, to downvoting people who dislike it.
yep, this subreddit was only good for news about the new album, not much else
That's whats votes are for: "I agree" and "I don't agree".
A great opportunity to see what people like and what not...
Actually, no, you're completely wrong. Voting like that makes the website shit.  Imagine only reading opinions that the hivemind deems correct.
Actually a very valid point. If the majority doesn't like it, they downvote it, even if it is relevant to the discussion.
Quality not quantity.
Got that right.
So you lied in the title of the post?
I just said that ten minutes is a long time. However i still love it.
I didn't even say that that's good, but you have to say that 10 minute is very long, even for a Daft Punk song!
However, I still prefer a 10 minute remix to a 2 minute one.
I thought it was a little boring..It's still a good song, but it just feels like an extended version of Get Lucky with stuff moved around. I feel like there isn't enough to make this a proper remix, I'd rather just listen to Get Lucky :\
True but i still love it. But then again nothing beats originals.
I think this is a great extension of the original song!
Nothing completely different, but I didn't expect that.
It's always good to keep your expectations as low as possible so you aren't disappointed when artists put out average work.
To be honest I think it's my own damn fault that I'm a little disappointed. I got kinda overexcited for a remix album of RAM when I didn't actually even like their previous remix albums..I mean, don't get me wrong, Alive 2007 is amazing, but I mean their studio stuff. Daft Club and Human After All: Remixes were both kinda 'eh' in my opinion.
I didn't really like Daft Club and Human After all either :D
I think another problem is, that there are already a lot of remixes out there. A lot of them sound very very different.
personally i loved the Aerodynamic Daft Punk remix, but all the others were kinda bad. Didnt really like HAAR apart from the DP remixed versions. I Would hope they release a Musique Volume 2/Alive remix type album, with all of their music being remixed.
Thats true. Daft Punk and originals=MAGIC! <3
It sounds pretty similar, but theres quite a lot of subtle differences. The chord progression changes for a large part of the song, making it sound very different, with the high piano chords added in. .Theres also a part with a kind of 80's rolling synth sound that's pretty awesome, I wish it was more of a focus, it'd completely change the song. 
They will not make a show based upon RAM.
Didn't Pharrel say he was touring with them next year, though?

"There isn't any plan for a tour"-Thomas.
Ok the whole, ''there isn't any plan for a tour'' is such a daft punk thing to do. keep any plans or content hidden untill they want to release and discuss it. Just look at the build up to random access memories. The SNL ad came out of the blue and suddenly everyone was hyped for daft punk. I personally predict they will do this with the live performances as well
Well, crap. u.u
I know :(. But on the plus side, those accents! I never thought they'd be this deep.
Where did you download it from?
For those of us that don't use itunes what does this mean?
when you have itunes match you can upload your music to the cloud, anything already on itunes service will be matched, and you get the itunes version of the song. For example, the get lucky remix has been matched to the itunes database. Meaning this song is already on itunes or is in the process 
and yes i am also getting this message
Shit, lucky, you get the 256kbps VBR version.
Download it from iTunes and PM me :P
Eh, there's too much going on. It's like they just played the two songs synced to each other and didn't do much mixing
I throughly enjoyed it.  However, I just don't think Get Lucky can ever be truly remixed.  I listened to the official DP remix this morning and it is good but it doesn't enhance the song.  I think Get Lucky is such a great dance song that it stands on it's own merits..When I think remix I think of the Alive 2007 album and where the songs get elemental and pure.  In the first song of Human/Robot Rock it is just an essence of DP is about.   I honestly don't think Get Lucky can be remixed because that is a song just boiled down to dance, it can't be improved but I throughly enjoyed this mix.
Listening to the Get Lucky remix, it kinda sounded just like the original, I enjoyed it nonetheless and it was catchy, but it was sorta just like the non-remixed version. Alive 2007 is incredible all of the songs go so well together and I honestly don't think there is one bad song on there.

Dumb question, but how did you get the lock screen to be a different wallpaper then your home screen? 
[deleted]
Holy shit that's exactly what I did. Guy on the outside, Thomas on the inside.
Reddit is fun really needs to find a home on ios
And I .Thank the actual artist as well 

can you give a link to these?
Nope
 posted them both. First page of their profile
What kind of phone do you have? On my GS3, I go to a picture and choose "set as" and my options are "home screen," "lock screen," and "home and lock screen."
I have the Galaxy Nexus. And mine doesn't have that option. 
In that case go system settings > display > wallpaper, and if you don't have both options there, then you're fucked I guess.
Install the app called "Multi Picture Live Wallpaper".  It has settings for lock screen only wallpaper.
Nothing shady going on here
CA Prop 215 legal.
Not TOO shady haha
Where can I get the picture?
I made this awhile back when RAM leaked. I'll try and make a new one for those red and blue wallpapers that popped up recently as well, those'll look cool :D
I know I have it on my PC. When I get back to it later today I'll link it. 
okay thanks!
found it!

Thank you!
Their helmets are reversed -_-
I don't really think that matters...
Not really, no.

I'm Gonna Wreck-It!
awesome
Expected Wreck it Ralph to wreck-it!
I believe that is Spock from Star Trek. Though Ralph would have been a better addition instead for sure.
I don't think he meant that it was Ralph, I'm pretty sure he was talking about an addition too.

The remix is released already? And without an artwork? What am I missing here?
I wonder if this was inspiration:

Im sorry if I sound like an idiot for asking this but....how can you put album covers onto an iTunes song that has none? Please help if you can this drives me nuts!
Either right click > Get Artwork (this doesn't work if the artist name or album name are incorrect) or right click > Get Info> Artwork Tab and upload/copy & paste the art.
Genuine thanks. I appreciate it SO much. Seeing that stupid gray music note on some of my songs was driving me insane!!!!!! I am so glad I can have that fixed now. Thank you very much!
Or drag and drop the artwork onto the empty album artwork area of the iTunes window if it is showing, either way.
that's huge... the file is already 25mb why would you want a huge artwork? normal size is up on their Facebook. 
Here's a download link to the remix: 
Which file is 25 MB? This is pulled from their Facebook, actually.
The 320Kbps song is almost 25MB. This high-res artwork really won't add much more. 
I know, but I can't stand having music in my iTunes or on my phone that doesn't have artwork. It just feels incomplete. It might be just me but it really annoys me.
Oh yeah, I'm the same way. Everything has to be properly tagged too. .If you ever saw my sister's iTunes.... So badly tagged. _
spotify
how can I get an mp3 though?.EDIT: as in, how can people be adding it to itunes if it hasn't been released yet?
Pirating it..Just check pirate bay.
FYI - sometimes larger artwork turns to a solid black in iTunes especially when using AIFF.  I've found that keeping it at 1000 x 1000 and under resolves this issue.  Thanks for the share!  
Man, they look so badass.
original video link?

thank you my good robot.
Thought people might want these since people are posting stills.. 
the 2nd one is cool, you know what would be more cooler, if it zooms out and then zooms in ,making it an infinite loop, i dont know how to make GIFS though :/
Very easily done, unfortunately the tumblr size limit on gifs is too small for such things. I suppose I can make some more in the morning and use imgur. 

here you go i just quickly made it on photoshop
A little long, but I like it!
Reminds me of this: .. Still good, though!
 
I posted it in IDAP a while back... It only occurred to me today that there's likely a r/daftpunk
It's really, really cool.
Its really, really fishy.
It's very very first class.
So is this comment! Thank you!

when was ram logo thingy released?
February 26th.
Why wait this long to post it?
"To those who jump on Kanye... I bring you EARTH-SHATTERING NEWS"
Difference is, Daft Punk's new stuff is actually good. And their music doesnt contain worthless boastful crap.
YOU DON'T SAY
 .taken from this apparently .Judging by their helmets, the fact that I've never seen this image before, and that every instance of this image I can find online associates it with RAM, I'm going to make the call that this is a recent image in promotion for the album.
Yep, recent magazine interview. . Q Magazine I believe? 
From Q and yes it is fairly new
 
Not happening.
i wonder if Vegas takes bets on whether or not Daft Punk is playing a festival
I feel like if they were going to do a surprise set despite their statement that they won't tour, it would've been with Phoenix at Coachella, not at Glastonbury.
MY MIND'S TELLING ME NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!  .BUT MY BODY!!!  .MY BODY!!!  .IS TELLING ME YES!!!
That was a tough night for me...

No, that was the suprise act for phoenix at coachella.
Money scam for the bookies' benefit is my guess.
I don't want to hurt nobody! 
But there is something that I must confeeeeeessss!!
I don't know... Glastonbury is probably the most prestigious festival in Europe. I personally don't think they'll be there but if they were going to do one festival it would probably be Glastonbury. 
Niles Roger's is already there with Chic so...
I heard that Daft Punk is playing at my house.
The odds are probably so good because bookies know people are dumb enough to take the bet and it's a quick way for them to cash in.
Huh that's brilliant, I had never thought of that.
The odds aren't good. If the bookies knew they weren't playing they would give longer odds to enticed people to bet it. 1 to 1.5 isn't great.
Is there a Doritos Tent at Glastonbury?
Yea...not happening.
I heard Daft Punk is going to play a secret set at the McDonalds by my house next weekend
I see volpin's pic with the Thomas helmet and the delorean
Is the gallery still viewable? Where was this? 
It was tons of fun! Free beer, Nice tunes, Cool people!
Heres the video.
.-If you guys would like to buy some prints/canvas of these, they are available in limited quantities online at 
I already know what I want for Christmas now
If only I had thousands of dollars to buy everything and create a Daft music room...
I don't want to be annoying but maube you should mark this as NSFW (see second pic).
I saw that in San Francisco, I love the piece by Sam Ho, I actually bought a print for my living room. 
Who is volpin? That's the one I almost ordered a print of, but with the shipping it was a few dollars more than I had :(
Do you know if they'll be selling prints or if they sold out at the show? I . me that kitty cat one.
Do you know by any chance if any of this artwork is for sale?
Yes! I linked it in my above comment!
Sorry it was a one-night only event! At a store called The Well on Olive street in LA. They have a big open room in the back for shows/performances.
As long as you can place an order on the website, its not sold out yet.
He's famous on Youtube for making replicas of Thomas and Guy's helmets. They look so good that everyone wanted to have one.
Sorry, I did.
Words cannot describe... 
Vanderway's edit of Get Lucky is 0x10000000 times better than the original, now please downvote me
He indirectly meant Vanderways edit isn't better than the original mix of Get Lucky. .Poor guy DaveBowman.
So you're saying it's zero times better?
Do you even hexadecimal, bro? 
lose yourself to brans
I'm so confused right about now.
Yeah but not in normal conversation. That's just weird.
Guy?
It only took 69 days to Get Lucky. 

Probably fan made, but damn well done nontheless. 
It's fake, see this tweet:
It's down. Mirror?
Yep, Fake.
More importantly, that . remix they've linked is amazing.
What does that say in English?

I don't know, this looks pretty legit. Also, guy was standing closer than thomas
No, Guy Man is shorter, and this look shit..It's not real at all.
Even though it's fake I actually really liked it.
God damnit, the robots told themselves there . be any music video, so why fussing around this ?
I felt so relieved reading the comments.
I would have been so disappointed if this was real
The Soul Train version is so much better.
Why is everyone saying its fake? Of course its fake. The link states that its fan made. Detail to the helmets and clothing dont realy matter cuz it was FAN MADE. I personaly loved the video. 
I think its fake because it's 1000% obviously fake....COME ON GUYS, WTF
It's a very well done fake, wow!
I wish this was the real video.  I really enjoyed it!
That female-male voice doesn't work pretty well. Cringe.
It's cool, anyway.
There wasn't nearly enough sequins in that video for it to be official. 
I think it's fake because they don't seem to have their Yves Saint Laurent suits on :s.Also; EXCLU DAFTWORLD!
Ahahahaha EXCLU DAFTWORLD 
Discovery helmets + pyramid = I don't think it's real..Their RAM helmets don't have LEDS, and they don't know if the pyramid will be on their next tour....Edit: And the uploader on Vimeo joined 1 week ago, and it is his 1st (and last) video. Weird. And their site has nothing but a pretty cool artwork 
Also, Guy's new helmet looks different from behind now. The one on the vid looks like the one in HAA
I may be wrong, but I think it's fake. Guy-Man is only a tad shorter than Thomas and no Nile/Pharrell?
Yeah, I noticed that too.
Agree with the fake thing but the size of the 2 robots' bodies doesn't matter; actors could be used (Electroma)
hey yea, so I wrote the post on SIS, and I too thought it was fake when it got sent to me, mainly because I couldn't find any information on the person/ppl who put it up (N-A Magazine???) and the height thing as well. They also said a million times there wouldn't be videos, plus I'm not sure why they would go back and incorporate stuff from their old live show? Props to whoever made it though if it turns out to not be real.
i have to agree with that.
other thing to note is the ending, it's the same as the beginning
Well, it's like the legend of the Phoenix..Sorry, couldn't resist.
Best call ever.
<3

So I managed to get TWO of the blue version of this seen here: .I'm really hoping I can find someone with a Red to trade a Blue with or a Red I can buy! I would love to be able to complete my set!
Really wish they had a 12x18 print. 
How much did you pay for the prints?
 . . . 8h before this post by . (fixed by .). 
thanks Mr. bot, in fact this imgur link was generated by a bot on . so I thought I'd post it instead for simplicity's sake
Wait, I've been out of the loop for a bit, Remix?.Like an . one?
It's available to listen to on spotify right now
Yes, DP said they will start with Get Lucky (and likely more to follow)
 is the non-mobile version of this site.
No punchline in title, please.  
Here's the mobile link for mobile users: 
Murray is the best.
I miss Flight of the Conchords
Columbia records is owned by Sony.
The Sony XTRUD is actually a design concept, and is not affiliated with Sony. It was made by an artist to show off convenient features that an affordable phone . have.
Renholder5x confirmed for Sony operative.joke
Sorry but, who cares? Daft Punk is popular right now so its pretty obvious.
I hate to be a jerk and all, but I think we get it. Some companies are using Daft Punk as a display for music software. Cool.
Man why so much hate?
And everyone has seen these two while standing around on WoW. 
holy crap I never knew about that.
I demand a photo album! Definitely jealous you got to go 
Yes please sir
There's an Angel or Phoenix in the reflection. 
Take photos of everything if you can.
Wow, I wish I could be there! Please do take some photos.
I am so angry that I won't be able to make it to this!
Please upload these will be awesome
I myself went to this very exhibit in San Francisco about a week or two ago, needless to say it was all absolutely fucking awesome! 
YES! Do get some pictures :)
Yes, please. I missed it when it was here in San Francisco. Mad at myself, but hey ... you can't do everything. 
Im so sad that I'm missing out on this! Please share photos!!
I live in LA and I didn't know about this til now, FUCK.
you got me excited i thought they were playing somewere... but yes still take pictures 
Upload video if you can
I like how there's a Phoenix in his helmet reflection.
Do so
Pretty much my reaction too right now. =<
Enjoy brother.
yes plees!
More than two threads have already been made with pictures of this. Use the search function.
I saw that at the gauntlet gallery in SF a couple weeks back. Great gallery have fun!
Take pictures until your camera bleeds
yes please!!
Are they on tour or something?
I think we've seen this art gallery more than enough times, thanks.
You're funny.
Look at the fucking picture
you should definitely upload some pictures
but like... enjoy it also
Oh well yeah, that too.
I'm not the OP, but I was there too.  Here's pretty much everything there..

shit.  sorry for the sideways ones.  they were rotated in Imgur...not sure why it didn't translate.
You lived up to your name. It's okay. 
Hey now. At least I the pictures were nice once you laid down, right?
NSFW in case any of you need to know. 
Wait, was . on the bottom the original painting used for the . cover? You guys may have been witnessing history!
I'm guessing it's the other way around - more of an interpretation of than an inspiration for. 
Super legit. 
I <3 DTLA
I'll be honest, I generally hate LA - mostly because of the drive in. But last night we hit the show and then wandered around, and I discovered a new appreciation for it. I'm planning on making that trip a lot more often now. 
The secret to getting the most out of LA is driving as little as possible. Live and work in one of the dense, walkable areas like Downtown, Santa Monica, Venice, or Hollywood, and live your life on foot or on a bike.  One of the best lifestyles you can have in this country.
That was my favorite part of living in Chicago. You only needed a car if you we're going to the burbs. Everything is right there ready for you. .I do love Orange County, but last night had me rethinking some things. 
Now why on earth would . on this subreddit want to see those photos? 
[deleted]
Sorry... Trust me. Bad puns, especially bad Daft Punk puns will get you downvoted... I learned from experience...
no.
The new remix isn't in my order; it doesn't really feel like the other songs.
I agree. I honestly was pretty disappointed by the remix after the great album.
I thought this too at first, but the more you listen to it, it actually sounds very good. 
every song is good if you listen it more
Eh, I've listened to songs I liked, and then hated them the next day.
I like the beginning and the hook and stuff, but the rest of the nine minutes are pretty meh.
I like to listen to it after Within, puts good variety before Instant Crush. And I actually like the remix more than the RAM full part (non radio-edit), the structure and sounds are more intriguing, but I understand the cut to 6 min.
I say the remix album is going to be called accsess all memories underline of a confirms it
Print Screen it please
What am I supposed to be looking at?
Guys, it's a piece of dust....Either all their promotional stuff was shot on film or film grain was artificially added to the video later. 
Ya, I think this is just another example of fans trying to find some deep meaning in art when there is no intended meaning.
But what if that's the meaning?
I don't know if you ever saw the short interview with John Lennon, . if you haven't heard I before. They kinda cover this topic of messages in music at the end. It's somewhat fitting..Someone asked what the meaning behind the acrylic and chrome organ being upside-down in the centerfold. WHAT ARE TEY TRYING TO TELL US?!?!! The answer is... probably nothing other than it looks cool. It may have some sort of meaning to them but in the end it doesn't matter. Art is always left up to interpretation and that's the bet part of it. At the same time, look hard enough and you can find anything..As for trying to find meaning to the title artifact (underlined "A"), I think it's stretch to say it has some meaning other that the tools use on this project were not primarily After Effects or Motion. While some may see it as a "mistake" in post production, they probably just saw classic tools being used.
Well that's very cool man. Thanks for the link. Have an upvote. 

Needs more red circles and arrows
even if it were, I bet they would have changed it due to the release of the new Justice album
@ around 1:36 there is a split-second underline to the a in  Random.
Oh thanks!
"Access All Arenas" is the new Justice live album though, and that's in the same genre. Copyright may ensue.
They are friends and i dont feel like its the same genre. Its just a remix album and imo fits their setting
I think it would just result in unnecessary confusion. Access All Memories is very close to Access All Arenas. I like to think the robots will come up with something a lot more original 
EDIT: .I'm not jumping out of my seat for this, but motion designers, editors, and vfx artists know exactly what's going on on the screen. It could just be a mess up because it isn't uncommon, but this little detail catches my attention..Has anyone else noticed any other oddities in the media that Daft Punk has released?
I think it's just supposed to be a film artifact indicative of films of the time period that RAM represents. In the ., when the RAM logo appears, I count ..
Heck, they may have actually produced with older tech,.like how in Giorgio by Moroder, they recorded Giorgios dialogue with mics from different eras, using whichever mics recording matched which era he talked about for each line. They said you couldnt really tell the difference, but they . they had done it, and that was enough.
The collaborator videos were produced with 16mm film, so it would make sense that there were artifacts elsewhere. 
Half Life 3 confirmed guys.
You had one job.
The one thing he said not to do
Why is the keyboard upside down?
That's how it is in the album. Upside down is how it is intended to be.
But why?
I think it's meant to evoke the monolith in Space Odyssey. There's a few shots of it flying in the movie where it looks like that.
Human After All and RAM looks like a really creepy smile.
Came for the remix and stayed for the set! That was great, especially the Horizon remix. I like the voice sampling from Game of Love.
Definitely sounds too crowded and to be honest sounds cheesy, especially with the lead guitar mimicking
He did a good job but I've always disliked Matt Mulholland. Something about his musical-like singing voice and the way he weirdly looks at the camera annoys me.
Sounds a bit too crowded for me; 5+ layers that all grab your attention may be a bit too much. Nice singing and harmonies, though.
 version is still my favorite.
how could I miss this? awesome!
Fantastic.
Well, this is fucking amazing.  Thanks for posting!
I think this and work by Carlos Serrano in general has been posted here many times before, but it keeps surprising me how well both songs match..Also, this is the official Soundcloud page of this song: 
this sucks. 
Really though, I don't think many would argue that Human After All is better. 
I thought the Superheroes lyrics were "somethings in the air" not "gone through the air"?
I've basically got alive '07 and ram in my car, and not much else. tracks 5 and 8 ALWAYS send shivers down my spine.
I love this album so much but it always gives me goosebumps and makes me somewhat depressed because I'll probably never see Daft Punk live or see them in the glory such as Alive 2007.
I'm just going to go out and say against the grain that this is hardly a "live" album when the instrumentation is all pre-recorded.
Its "up into the air", isn't it? It would make more sense because superheros flying and such.
They sampled it from . at around 0:47.
I was wrong all those years...
I get what you're saying but it was still played live to a degree.
I love this album, but I felt like this was written by a year 9 student for a project. This happened and then this happened which I liked because this happens.
No doubt that Alive 2007 is great, but the writer didn't really explain much. He just did a play-by-play of the whole album. It could've been explained a little more why it was so great to him.
he did explain how he loves and says no one can build upon a simple single track and add layer upon layer and build it up to this amazing powerful track. i happen to agree with him. I've been listening to Alive 2007 more as of late after my RAM binge.
Erm, 'Stardust' isn't a song...
Sure, but it would be incredibly difficult, if not stupid, to attempt to do it all on stage completely from scratch..Daft Punk have said themselves that every single Alive performance was different because they do have quite a lot of control over what is played.
Could someone please tell me why everyone seems to have a beef with Human After All? I personally love the album as much as I do discovery.
Agreed. The title track is easily one of my favourite Daft Punk tracks. I was hanging out for it the whole show when i saw them in 07, and almost died when they dropped it for the finale. 
I don't, I love a sizeable chunk of tracks from that album but its just that Homework and Discovery are way better.
I love the album too. But, from my perspective, it feels like an album with fantastic material that wasn't worked through enough. You know? It feels rushed, almost: like they could have done so much more with it.
Fun fact. They made HAA in 10 days.
Like making an amazing live show and live album with it? :P
Precisely. Alive was all that Human After All could have been.
The underrated . is beautiful, and one of my favourite tracks. 
Thank you, no one seems to give that song as much recognition as it deserves and seeing your comment made me very happy.
I'm with you both 100%. I never see this song mentioned but it's one of my most played songs by them.
... no.
Discovery I get. But human after all?! It's a good album by musical standards but by daft punk standards its kinda weak.
Looks good if you really painted it, but to me, it looks like you just added an oil brush filter. 
Yeah and if your going to use a filter, mix images together so it dosnt look as fake. like .!
I didn't paint it :)
The thumbnail makes it look like the actual photo, amazing work!
It wasn't me!
The things that puts me off is who the signature is to hard, and its resemblence to .!
well, okay, but why? 
It looks like shitty version of original photo.
Please, just shut the fuck off
Interesting
Also nujabes is dead. So it definitely might be a homage. 
Daft Punk making a tribute to Nujabes ? How cool is that ? :D
It most definitely is... guy man is a hip hop head and they love japan.
I didn't know that :)
Cool.
Neat.
Indeed. 
Ok as of tomorrow, I will post the first step but first I have another question: Should I post all steps in a single post or separate ones for each step?
Please do this
Why yes I'll take one completed helmet for free thanks. 
Why not wait until you're done and do a single awesome post?
Yes please
Awesome idea! Go for it!
Yes'm.
yes please!
I was originally thinking this, but then in case someone else wants to make it they can use it for reference!
What are . using for reference?
Well I am using Volpin Props and Igor Pinsky's helmets from therpf.com as reference for some parts and the rest is going to be made up as a go along to tell you the truth. 
Have you completed one before? I'd be curious to see what the end result would look like..(some look good but cheap, some look incredible but look expensive)
I would totally be interested and I would love to do this as a summer project!
Yes!
Please do!! Anyone else going to do a Thomas guide?
I have a friend who is doing the Thomas helmet so ill see if he wants to do an instructional post as well!
Part One is Up: 
Yes! And please include total build cost if you could. That'd be super. 
Do it in a single post and we could ask the mods to pin it in the sidebar
Cedric has been around with them since discovery. .    liner notes for discovery .  i dont see any credits for HAA artwork but since they made their own videos I wouldnt be surprised if they also did their own artwork that time. 
I'm looking at my vinyls here,
Discovery : Produced by Daft Punk for Daft Life
                 Concept and Art Direction:
                 Alex & Martin,
                 Thomas Bangalter,
                 Cedric Hervet,
                 Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo,
                 Gildas Loaec,
                 Simon Scott,
                 Daniel Vangarde,
                 Pedro Winter
Also mentions Mitchell Feinberg for "Liquid metal Photos" (probably the then logo) and Luis Sanchis for "Piano Photo".
I just looked through my HAA vinyl and cd and can't find anything under Art directing or etc. Even after a quick search online. Sorry for that one.
The remix is ok, but that video is great!
I expected to not like the remix, since I'd heard it was boring from a lot of people, but I was pleasantly surprised. The way the vocals are re-contextualized at the end is really cool to me, and I love being able to hear different bits of the song a little more naked..It seems like they wanted to do a classic disco-style extended remix in the tradition of pioneers like . and ., which totally fits with the vibe of RAM..Obviously, it's no . (which would've been dope), but after getting beyond that disappointment, I think it's great.. way better than the Daft Punk remixes of . and . imo
I was hoping for a more electronic remix that would be easier for them to mix live or something (I just really want another tour) so I was kind of disappointed by this. 
I still have to get spotify for this? No thank you. 
I quite enjoyed the more dance oriented version of Get Lucky. (official remix).I hope there will be a remix .. .Since there are no plans for tours, and their last two albums (HAA and TRON) had remix albums, it seems logical RAM would have one. I'd love to see what they could do to make other songs on the album more, "."
I want this version still...10 minutes of greatness
Really?  I need to sign up for Spotify to listen to this?
It seems the people upset about the remix are the same ones that were expecting RAM to be Discovery 2.0. They wanted this remix to sound more like Alive 2007, instead it's just a new take on the groups biggest hit ever. Poo poo on Daft Punk, right?
What if they release remixes for everything on the new album to demonstrate how their older albums were directly influenced by the funk era?
Dose anyone have a link for the remix if any one dose pm me it
umm maybe you didn't notice already but the site has been like this since they released the video.. 
I thought they were going to remix it to sound more like, Discovery
I enjoyed it. I really wanted to hear more robot voices and that's what I got. Not their best song of course but it isn't . by any means. 
What's up with the title in caps?
Hold on to your tits, geez...
although i was quite underwhelmed at first this is really pretty great. as someone on here already said this is really more of an extended cut than a remix. this is clearly just thomas and guy-man showing us the bits and pieces of the song that didn't make the final cut, which in and of itself, when taken separately, are really quite awesome. 
I don't see anything... the webpage loads and stuff is supposed to be there (F12 shows that there is stuff on the page) but I just get a black page.
Link for the official stream.
Works in every country :D
Not in Sweden, but I have Spotify, so it's ok.
"The owner of this track has not made this sound available for streaming in your location."
Yup, I can't either in midwest America.  Damn it.  
seems redundant
The real question would be : why not caps ?.Seriously though, don't know, I guess I was more excited than I care to admit.
That video is cool as.
This shouldn't be a remix, it should be an extended cut. 
You rang?
lol
No luck in Canada
I'm sorry. 
I'm thinking that Daft Punk wants to finish off their disco phase before we see anything else. But... they are probably producing some EDM stuff as we speak. Maybe deep, DEEP EDM, kind of like Discovery? 
EDM so pure, it's not even EDM.
I agree. not cool that the "official stream" is on spotify.
On the same boat. And the soundcloud clip on Columbia's site is doing nothing. I'm stuck here hoping to find another way...
For real, anybody wanna . Seriously, I just want to listen to it and really am not about to pay for premium spotify. 
You can listen to it with free Spotify as well. 
interesting. Doesn't work for me in Florida :(
ALL CAPS GUYS!! SO IMPORTANT!
There was one awesome part when they started overlaying different vocal lines around 4:30, but it was pretty underwhelming otherwise.
I love it! The more "Get Lucky" we have the better it is for everyone!
They wouldn't. .That would defeat the whole purpose of RAM.
but when people do remix's they usually do them in a EDM/Electronic sounds. not add more drums :(
It's a nice, calm remix. Not every remix has to be Skrillex equivalent..I found the remix a bit flat till 1:20, but after that it's amazing.
NO WAY!!! 
ugh skrillex is the worst. I'd rather have the current remix than anything near skrillex...

Remix kind of sucks tbh
It's kind of misleading that they called it a remix. It's an extended mix, which was the norm with disco singles. The single was released with a couple different short versions one side, then the extended mix on the other. So, single version and album version as "side one" and this ten minute remix as "side two." I reckon it's all a part of their call back to the glory days of analog dance music.
the vocal work is sloppy and it really puts me off, its not fluid at all, i really was excited when i saw it was 10m and figured it would be an extended disco cut or something (which i suppose it was) but it just had the vibe that they didn't really put near as much effort into it. I have heard WAY better remixes from unknown artists.
If they did it analog, as I assume they did, that would mean copying and cutting reels of tape in order to create the remix. 
I wouldn't really say it sucks, it's just very... underwhelming
I think the remix is waaaaaaay better than the original. I don't understand the hate behind this release. Atleast to my ears it sounds fantastic. The original is so played out by now it's hard to listen to it anymore.
It's the same song with instruments and vocals moved around, not to mention twice as long. ????
I understand that people were expecting more from the remix, but I think it's fine.
Is it normal to still expect a Julian Casablancas collab video or ... ?
Julian is not really comfortable around cameras or with interviews, I don't think that there will be one. 
Probably the one song on the album that doesn't really call for a remix.
But its the one song on the album that will make them boat loads of money if they do remix.
They really don't operate that way, I'm 100% certain that was not the motivation for remixing this song.
Ha, hahaha..EDIT: HA.
It's very plausible. The whole motivation for get lucky was to garner interest for their new album. It was supposed to reach out to people who don't normally listen to daft punk, it has the pop feel. Notice how it's the only song on ram playing constantly on radio stations, and it's basically the only DP song the public knows about. It accomplished it's job and got them sales.
There is so much wrong with this post, I'll try my best to correct it..Here goes..Not true, every album, (incredibly) most of the time has at least . that is released. I don't think Kanye West's new album's intentions was to get him new fans, this goes with most (respectable) musicians. Daft Punk's way of music thus far is to experiment and stray away from what they've done before, making them such a respectable band, not milking out what they're known for (house music) each album they release. If they did make each one of their albums house/acid house, then they would be focusing on making money..Get Lucky is on of the only . songs to go on the radio, because it's one of the only song that has verses, a chorus, and a bridge. . One More Time . Around the World . Da Funk . HBFS . . 
Every album releases a single to garner interest for the album. That's what singles do. I'm not saying DP is focused on money but Get Lucky was 100% to get people who aren't into DP, into DP..Also I meant off RAM, not DP in general. My bad.
Fair enough, I'll give you that..Again, like I said, every album of DP's is different from the others. The funk genre is probably the most appealing to the wide audience of people who listen to the radio, making GL their most recognisable song. It's impossible to assume that GL's sole purpose was to get new fans of DP. What if it flopped? What if RAM was a commercial and critical faliure? There are too many assumptions to assume that. .No worries. Either way, Lose Yourself to Dance seems fairly popular for not being released as a single. 
I don't understand that both you and . have a legit discussion about a topic and still get downvoted by some jerk... 
Lose yourself to dance is supposedly the next single off RAM.
I may be the minority, but I really don't think the remix is as great as the original. It kind of sounds....choppy.
You are almost definitely in the majority.
I don't think it's meant to work as a standalone song.  It sounds like they just wanted to show off some of the bonus material and different versions of tracks they recorded.  The chord structure is different, there's some different instrumentals, different pharrel vocals.  It gives more ammunition to other people that want to make more coherent remixes as well.
Sounds like spliced Pharrel vocals to me.
Now that I finished summer class today, I know what will keep myself occupied over the next few days :)
Except for the aliminium thing, . looks better, but why not :)
This is actually pretty cool c: Nice little decoration . some mild entertainment. I like it.
okay.... Where is this coming from?
From the heart <3
Look, this is good. It gets more and more creative as the minutes go by...and that's the problem with it. You're asking redditors to watch a 5 min video and that's asking a lot. They really creative stuff should be at the beginning or you'll lose a lot of people in the first minute. It starts off looking like a typical fan-made video. I was surprised at the end..Good editing throughout and effects. I can see what you did here and there that was thoughtful or probably took a while to do, but everything is just a little bit too subtle at the beginning.
This is something you don't see everyday. Wow. I wish I was there.
Anybody know how much longer it actually went on for?
No one knows where I can find this in an mp3 format? Especially the 3:30 - ~4:50 part. .I could not find it myself :< 
 - enter video URL. Download MP3.
I was thinking a more high-quality audio than what the video itself contains. 
People in the crowd don't even seem to care that much, weird stuff.
I think They don't really know who just entered their presence. :-/ They came to see Phoenix got an amazing treat, didn't really embrace it. 
I suppose that's true. I would have thought that there would be a huge overlap in Phoenix and Daft Punk fans but maybe not.
HBFS gave me the chills when that was played.... :-)
The whole thing is so surreal. I don't know why, it just tugs at me and makes me ridiculously happy. Thank-you, OP. This made my day. 
I Can't stop crying each time I watch this video, whatever the quality
I'm struggling to find the materials. All the tutorials I assume are American and I can't find substitutes for them because I suck at finding things. 

Thanks I'll look at it, have you made it?
Heh, Nope, but certainly plan to
Yeah I dont have anything to do this summer so i decided I might as well get a project, and I have been wanting to make one of these for a long time.
Awesome! Good luck!
Start>Search>Snipping tool.You're welcome.
I'm gonna steal this for Animal Crossing! Thank you good sir.
Is the new Animal Crossing any good? I've never played Animal crossing and was thinking about buying it. 
Yeah it is! You should.
The heart's off center but cool.
This. The heart isn't centered, and it bothers me. Overall, the sprite is good though, I like it. 

It's probably to prevent "stealing".
If this is a sprite for a game and OP doesn't know how to take a screenshot then I have no hope for said game.
I think you misunderstood me. I think that OP knows how to take a screenchot, but chose to take a picture to prevent people from "stealing" his sprite. Maybe I'm wrong.
did you make this yourself?
yup! i was following this tutorial: 
It's not too late to smooth out the bondo/putty a little more! apply black spraypaint (not a lot just enough to cover the bondo) then sand it, apply more bondo to where all the dips of black spraypaint stay. That way you're making sure all of the dips are gone..If you paint it like that, especially with gold paint, you will notice all of the dips and you won't be satisfied.
Hey I see tickets whats are those for? :-)
Kaskade!!
I assume you're talking about here . ?.yea i've been puttying it a lot. my issue is that the ear parts are too close together for either bondo or putty to look good, so I'm not sure what to do about that. .I've also already put in like 50 bucks into sanding because the sandpaper keeps wearing out :x
On the visor as well. The visor will look like a nightmare if you vacuum form it with all of those dents. Yeah but in the long run, you be looking freaking great!
 I also posted the helmets i'm making but I'm still adding fiberglass to them. It's better to take all the time in the world than to make it look rushed!
That's my issue though, I'm in a rush to get it done before San Diego comicon :'( also I just can't seem to get the smoothness uniform no matter how many layers of bondo I add... Not to mention my sandpaper keeps running out of effectiveness very quick 
Have you tried the spraypaint method i told you about? You just add bondo to the dips and not the rest of the helmet. .But yeah I understand the rush haha, i have until Halloween for mine lol
I can give it a shot yea, i need spray paint anyway. I'm not even done with the vacuum former because no where around here has peg board for some reason. This whole experience has made me want to just bang it out in solid works and 3d print my next version 
Do it to it! Good luck though! Once I start to bondo mine i'll post updates every week or so.
Yea keep me posted, I'm interested to see how other people deal with the ears. Volpin had some sort of wooden rotary cutout that I can't do due to lack of proper tools xD 
What helmet did you use?
I'm having my Guy Man helmet custom fabricated. Should cost about $3500 after the lights and plating are all done. Worth it.
Nice. If you don't mind me asking, which company is doing this for you? 
SHEEEEEET that's expensive. 
It's not cheap, you're right... but it will be EXACTLY like Guy Man's. Professionally made and wired... not some knock off that's .. 
It's not a company that's doing it. The guy who is doing the electrical work knows a guy who is a phenomenal metal fabricator.
used a motorcycle helmet i found off of ebay, the specific one is linked in the description of the first pic
Thanks, sorry i didn't see the description.
So eh, this will be weirdly shaped. .You would probably be better of doing it the pepakura route.
The helmet is just to make the frame out of, I still have to build it up with bondo and cut pieces out of it to vacuum form
Well alright, good luck :)
could we see the finished product first, and then the instructions? Not that I don't want to see the instructions
i'm actually building it as we speak, so i dont have a finished product to show yet
Maybe wait until you're much, much further along? It's pretty anticlimactic to see all you did was take out padding and unscrew something
oh, ok, awesome! Can't wait!
Yeah this one was eh, but the next one is going to be much better because it is going to look a lot more like a guy Manuel helmet
Guy-Manuelmet
MIND=BLOWN
Looking forward to the other steps!
3500? thats a fan
It's free on deezer, just suscribe :

Regardless of how people feel about this remix... This is by far the best Remix of Get Lucky that I have heard. I love it. 
this sounds like poo _
Sex on a stick!
I'm kinda disappointed that it wasn't an EDM style remix, it would have been really interesting to see in which direction they would have taken Get Lucky in their signature style of Homework and Discovery. .Better to just wait for Alive 2017 (or whenever it will happen)
I was hoping for a house remix... I'm very sad and disappointed, this is so close to the original track, and not better in a any way
I'm a huge DP fan, and I'm sure I'll get down-voted to hell for this, but this sucks. It isn't a remix, it's a re-edit. This is the laziest thing I've heard, and frankly I'm really disappointed in them. I'm gonna go listen to . because IMHO it's what they should've done.
This is better

Someone has a rip ?
I've seen people post on here that Daft Punk are perfectionists, but this song is so messy that it sounds like an amateur track..The transitions are . and the track just jumps around with no direction..Pathetic song, I really hope the rest of the remixes are much better than this rubbish.
This sure ain't a remix. This is an Edit.
It's amazing
Does someone have a download link for me? :)
This sounds terrible, much worse than the original.
 .
   
The robots realized that there was no need to complete ruin and remix something that is already very good.
hueheuheueh
I quite like it
This is pretty nice. It's a remix, not a new song, so expect the same thing but different.
I think it's fake.
Struggling to understand how people are defending this awful excuse of a remix. They added maybe two new elements and otherwise blandly rearranged and chopped some vocals. The fact that the beat is exactly the same inexcusable. Slow it down, speed it up but at least change the tempo a bit. Really lazy effort that has effectively ruined all the excitement for the remaining "remixes". 
I loove this remix, maybe more nostalgic than original Get Lucky, but very catchy and peaceful.
Yeah exactly how is this a remix? .Daft punk has let the hype get their heads and they just don't give a fk anymore, I'm still depressed over how bad RAM really was
felt more like a rearrangement to me. I too liked the vocoder part best, but it doesn't do much for me when it's not matched with the upbeat drum loops and stuff.
Soooo good! Thanks for the heads up Elvin!.Also if you could see my face right now, so damn happy!
ALL HAIL THE GODS OF HOUSE THIS IS FUCKING GOLD.
This reminds me of the new Arrested Development
That's not a remix. That's just terrible.. is much better, although obviously "in poor taste" because it's taking the song back into the EDM sound that the whole album is trying to get away from. Say what you will, but I like . more than anything on RAM.
What a piece of shit. I could make this if I had the stems of the song. .EDIT: like this is laughably bad
I'm offended. Season 4 was much better than this remix.
srsly, this is real?
i cant belive it lol. This is.. 
just random shit put together.
When song starts, melody is nice but, wtf is this?
Ah fuck I listened for about 2 minutes and had to shut it down, fail.
And on Spotify?
If there's one thing I would say this remix is: indulgent..Yes they wrote a fantastic summer tune, that we all love, but can't we just leave it at that. Stretching out the song to give each instrument a 'solo' section doesn't add or build upon the original. It seems like what they're trying to portray is "Oh look at us look how fantastic and wonderfully recorded this kick drum is!" "Oh look how we can chop up Pharell's voice so it plays perfectly into our own robot lyrics, isn't that great aren't we fantastic?!".And that synth, boy, don't get me started on that synth. Amateurish arpeggios. And feeding it through a sequencer (you can hear how unnaturally in-time it is) completely devalues the original messages of the song - a rejection of the quantized, soulless EDM that plagues our modern charts..Not impressed Daft Punk, not at all.
Agree and fuck the downvote squadron. We can criticize them, they're not gods.
Yes, you can, but 'What a piece of shit' isn't critcizing, it's hating.
Semantics. For Daft Punk, it's shit. It's laughably bad for what they're capable of. It's lazy and I'm embarrassed for them. 
Its not great but it could be a lot better.
Mediocre..I mean I loved the -hell- out of RAM, declared it one of my favorite albums of the year..It's not that this is even bad, it just doesn't do anything.  If you're going to call it a remix make it a remix, y'know?  Don't say it's an extended studio cut or whatever, because thats just misleading.  It gives the fans a lot of hope and lets them down..It's like saying you're going to give someone a cake, but it's really an ice cream cake.  I won't bitch that it's an ice cream cake, but if I really wanted a cake, it's not really the same thing.  It's still good, it's just not what was expected and misleading.
That was underwhelming. It just feels cut and pasted, it would be interesting to hear a pharrell/neptunes remix
It's just Get Lucky on a skipping repeat. Eh, not great
So how many here is getting the LP ? 
So, is it more French House or Disco? Is it like the Daft Punk remixes on Daft Club? I can't listen to it atm. Hopefully someone can post a mirror. 
Am i the only one to heard a "mouse click" noise behind the music during the first 30 seconds ? What is it ?
mismatched hand claps ... :P 
Very amateur
LINK ME YOU PAGANS
Not sure what all the hate is about, but i like it :)
quite unnecessary.
Sigh...I want to link it more than I do. I really do.
I assume there will be a remix of their remix that I will like more and maybe that is their way of getting more people to spread more music, but I doubt it. I am not calling it bad, just way below the caliber that I am used to from them. 
Someone care to share a download link?
Am I the only one who was sad to see that they didn't do anything more with the synth sound that made an appearance on the original track? I thought for sure when I heard it on the original that it was put there for them to build more into when they were remixing it. .As for the remix, I like it, it has a bit of a different tone I feel like, but overall I'm a little disappointed because I was really expecting the synth that I mentioned, still a good remix though of course!
This is DP fooling around with the parts on Ableton.. was expecting more from a remix.. maybe Conte will get it right..
IT has great parts but the transitions arent good enough. Btw they sampled rollin and scrathin in this one
Where'd you hear the R&S sample?
listening to it right now to find it again :D .okay got it 3:16 for example you can hear it on the right speaker at least for me :P. that part.Edit : It could be that they just used the same equipment to do that remix and its just sounding similar 
IF YOU CAN HEAR IT RIP IT FOR THOESE WHO CAN'T !!.And I'll send you cookies :)
It's amazing. Message . for a download. (Sorry for filling your inbox cheyas ;))
This one is absolutely boring, sorry.
I think the perp of this mix is so clubs dont have to play it over again
ur welcome
many thanks
So who exactly remixed it? 
They did it themselves
It doesn't seem to work for me?
I'm disappointed they marketed it as a remix, when it just seems like an extended mix throwing in the some stuff they didn't use in the final cut.
source of this marketing?
Uhh... every interview they've done saying they were remixing get lucky.
This is extremely disappointing. It sounds mostly the same, but with significantly less Pharrel. :/
not impressed, enjoyed the original more than the remix. Nonetheless, I'm bobbing my head. 
Mouth was left gaping open ....That is all. 
Come on bots :/
can anyone message me a download link?
can anyone link this to me as well :( been looking since yesterday
Can i have a link please :) 
don't know if i'm happy or sad. on one hand i was hoping for the sickest song ever, on the other, i can see how the incredible number of transitions could lead to many more good mixes down the road
People pretty much thought this way when Human After All came out. Then when they release Alive 2007 it suddenly made sense. Maybe they are suiting these remixes up so it is easier to mix with their other albums live.
So who's was right ?
It's... very meh...
Jesus this piece of shit program works only in certain places of the world only, can someone provide a mirror?
This is a pretty big disappointment for me. I was really looking forward to this, expecting a more danceable, possibly electronic, version. Granted, I might have liked it more had I not had such high expectations, but it just seems a little pointless. .It's pretty much nothing more than a 10-minute, rearranged cut of the original mix. The chopped vocals that lead to more vocoder bits would work in a club, but at 10 minutes the guitar riff gets tiresome and there ends up being too much of nothing. It's almost as if they want people to use this cut to make their own club-ready remixes rather than expecting people to listen to it. 
Where is the link guys please ?
Can you post YouTube links?
Guys the link is dead, did someone had the good idea to rip it ?
This is shit. The beat never dropped on any of their versions of Get Lucky. Thoroughly dissapointed.
interesting would be if boards of canada remix all random access memories and daft punk remixes boards of canada like this , example of boards 
Link plz
Got the promo wav today, very nice I thought!
the promo wav?
Several UK promo mailing lists got this track yesterday. Mine was from "your army" promos.
lucky... mind pming me the file? :).i hope it's released on iTunes on July 16th as well
Mirror for anyone not living in the states?.Thank you!
Makes me wonder how their radio edit would sound like seeing that the last 2 minutes of the song are very different and fit the definition of remix more.  
Can this just be called an edit and not a remix. They didn't do anything 
[deleted]
What remix are you listening to?
Meh.
I'm smiling from ear to fucking ear.
I think I might like a remix of Touch, maybe a more dancy-ish version of loose yourself to dance but other than that I think the album is good as is.  I cannot imagine that a remix to Fragments of Time or Instant Crush would sound better than the original.  Maybe different, but not better. This one is good but like everyone has said I think I might like the original better, but the more I listen the more I like.
It doesnt work
Search for it then try double clicking the song.
Just wondering from a musical perspective, how the chord progression has been changed? Thanks
I love it
It's not as fast paced as we expected. The original song itself has a slower tempo/feel to it..Chill worthy, sure. 
Old style of Daft Punk like we all thought was coming? No
Sometimes gods make it rain, sometimes gods don't.
I love it. As not a huge EDM fan (being a drummer, that Can be hard sometimes, I know hate me) I love this Remix and RAM. IVve always had a place in my heart for Human After All but I just love all they're doing right now
I don't know what most of you are talking about, I think this is great remix, I wasn't expecting a totally new song...
it could be interesting if nakataka yasutaka made a remix of this song jeje he has lots of interesting chord changes and ideas if someone know him ask him to do one they should realese the stems for all to remix please daft punnkkk!!!!
I need a link that will work on my mobile device. Please help me robots.
Woah!
This is honestly disappointing. The whole thing just doesn't sound like...daft punk. It just sounds like a mess of sounds and it's not what I was expecting at all from the guys that made Alive 2007. It might grow on me tho, but right now its a no-no
Kind of misses the point a remix. Takes what was special about the original out of it.
7:15 onwards is brilliant and I prefer it to the original. It's disco with bells on. 
this remix could be pure gold but it ruins at 00.46 this is sad u.u jajajaj what happened to the robots, they could have made a new instrumental or song just using some parts of get lucky now i know why they need session players to make random access memories.
I will admit I was sucked in by the hype train before the album first came out, but come on, these tracks are just not Daft Punk caliber. Sure the songs are good enough but Get Lucky especially sounds like it still needs to be arranged properly and they accidentally put an unarranged version on the album. In the non-radio edit it goes Pharrell chorus, pre robot chorus, then back to Pharrell chorus sans drums for 4 bars, then pharrel chorus again with guitars for 4 bars, then pre robot chorus no drums, then Pharrell chorus with drums for 8 bars, then a rushed electric piano pre robot chorus and then unceremoniously into the robot chorus. I'm not saying it needs a huge buildup into a drop, but hell ABBA managed to do it right in the 70s, you'd think Daft Punk could have taken some notes considering they're emulating them.
When I first head this 'remix' (it's simply an extended mix) I did not like it, and found it to be quite mediocre. At a second listen, for some reason, it worked, and I found myself enjoying it. It's strange, really. 
edited
Couldn't have asked for any better! The same elements, but mixed together so flawlessly (which I guess is essentially a remix...) to create something new out of something already great! Let the downvotes pour in, all I know is that instead of pressing the repeat button over and over on the original track again, I'll just play this!
For a moment, I thought you were being serious. 

wack as fuck
Is there anywhere besides Spotify I could listen to this?

Anyone have a link to just hear it? .Cant hear it on spotify.
I would like to have a link also! Thank you!
Not hear, but if you want an MP3 download, message 
Anyone got a youtube link?

The download I have of this was checked as "matched" on iTunes Match. I guess they already have it in their servers!
You wouldnt happen to have a download link? If ever, don't post it here, just message.
Okay, I just put down my headphones after listening to this remix while reading everyone's comments and I don't feel as 'let down' as you all seem to feel. I think the song has some really great parts, like with the new synth piano rhythm they threw in; however, there are some moments where it sounds "meh" especially with the lyrics in some points of the song. Overall I somewhat like the remix, but no where as much as I like their other songs. I think this one takes some getting used to. 
Ah no... Bit disappointing if I'm honest.. Doesn't sound like their production quality usually does..
Not what I was hoping for :-\.I was hoping they would treat RAM as their new source material and remix the songs with all sorts of new sonic elements and really splice things up.  This is more of just a rehashing/rearranging of the same old parts.  An uptempo, hyper, and fierce electronic take on Get Lucky would have been really fun!.I guess my ultimate disappointment here comes from feeling like there was no new artistic contribution.  It's just more of the same concept.
what the hell happens at 2 minutes ?!?!?!.this has some weird ass fucking transitions
I thought I was just listening to a bad or fake copy at this point. WTF.
I know, gross
I was kind of hoping to hear a more housey daft punk version of the song. Almost like past and future or something like that. This just feels like an extended version of the song with a few more elements. 
Honestly, I wasn't expecting much before I listened to it. I was interested to see how they would remix it. Would they add a lot of real instruments to the song or would they do some choppin', screwin', and effects? It was a very drawn-out, minimal remix that just switched around parts of the song for 10 minutes. Not much new was added. .That being said, I really don't have any desire to hear remixes of any of the songs from the new album. I just don't feel that they would do the original ideas justice. I feel like most remixes would "cheapen" the song and these days do that to most tracks in general.
If these 3 guys could make it interesting, there's no reason why Daft Punk couldn't. I should be cautious, of course, because they proved with this remix that they could and would release uninspired stuff if they wanted to. But we're Daft Punk fans, right? 
It's good background noise and not much else (the original is gold, just saying.)
Wow, I am pretty surprised people are saying it's bad, I do agree there are some really odd transitions and that its 'too long' but honestly I think it's really fresh and not to repetitive. I love the beginning, it makes me feel the same way i felt when I first watched the snl ad, I find it really dance-able. Personally it could have been better but overall I think its good (not great though). 
It feels like more of an extended mix than a remix.
Daft punk did it themselves 
Oh wow that didnt take long. Was expecting it to take a little while longer. 
I believe they're releasing another full ram remixes album sometime this summer
Source?
This is not at all what I expected. And I'm so happy.
I actually really, really like this...
It's a simple rearrangement, but it works imho.
this is a train wreck.
I don't get all the hate.  One second DP can do no wrong, one second they're slipping, the next second they're gods from another planet, the next, they release an "amateurish" remix.  I'm not saying it's wrong to not like some of their songs, but fuck me, stop bitching over the tiniest things.  "Meh, didn't really like the cuts in 'remix' (if you can even call it that); they're way too sloppy."  Then let's see you fucking remix the song and have it sound fantastic.  DP can remix their own song any way they please - if you're not happy with it, record your own original music, remix it, and have people judge that.  "The song doesn't flow as well anymore; it's not as funky."  What if, surprise, DP wanted a different sound/tone for the remix?  Shocking, I know.  It's unfathomable to think that they could possibly be going for a different musical feel.  .The other day my friend criticized Daft Punk fans for being too anal about their music, and I kind of felt a little hurt, but I can totally understand where he's coming from now.  It's a good remix (even if it's not their best remix ever), so either listen to it or just ignore it and listen to vanilla RAM.  Christ. 
can we not be critical of music and artists we love?  just because it's daft punk doesn't mean it's automatically top notch music.  i agree, daft punk can do whatever they want on the remix, and i respect them for that.  but if it's not my cup of tea, then it's not my cup of tea.  period.  i don't have to create my own version of a song to express my own opinions.  it be one thing if i said i could create a better version than this.  THEN you can create that statement.  but i don't think anybody here did.
damn dude, fanboy much?
Completely agree with you. The armchair critics need to shut the fuck up. No one is forcing you to listen. So many of them wanted a Discovery 2.0 and still can't get over the fact this didn't happen. 
I prefer the original to this one. When they said they were going to remix their album, I guess I expected to hear something much different from the original song..Similar to what they did with their older songs that were sampled from other tracks., not just a re-spliced,looped & extended version of their song..I didn't necessarily expect them to go with the current trend of electronic music for their album, but I would have loved to hear their take on it, since they accomplished "new" and "different" with their album main album.
Listen to Aerodynamite, a fucking fantastic remix, as well as Alive, but this... This is just average. 
Mirror?
Fuckin iPhones...
Well, that is depressing. Where is the Daft Punk I know and love in this remix? I love the direction Random Access Memories went, but this is just a let down. I cannot wait for Madeon and a couple of others to start busting their chops on the songs and remixing them properly. 
lol kid
[deleted]
He has cited Daft Punk as the biggest influence in his music/production career. Pretty sure he will do them justice in terms of remixes. 
[deleted]
Oh sorry right. I forgot that you are the guy who decides who is good or not. 
Of course it's subjective. But you used the fact that he cites DP as his biggest influence as a reason for having good remixes. That's just faulty logic.
This is barely a remix.  Some people who haven't listened very closely might think its the same song.
the random "To give up who we are" at 8:26 really annoyed me. It was out of nowhere, and didn't fit at all.
I love daft punk but this remix is very meh!
ITS EVEN FUNKIER 
if by funk you mean shit
Liar
What a mess

Yes, that's the link that OP posted. Why are you reposting it?
Ya spotify. just made my night! went to ONE MORE TIME, a Daft Punk tribute band/dj's and it was amazing! Can't wait til I see the originators on stage though. 
IT'S SO TASTY!!!
I can't help but hear "Ducky ducky ducky ducky ducky" around the 7 minute mark.
I can't unhear it now thanks
Street chicken stupid chicken ducky in the freezer
[deleted]

True, but that's a remix of somebody else's song.
mehhhhhhh
None, it sounds like a reboot of the original song, in the same style but cutting some samples and re-arranging them 
Sounds interesting... I think a lot of us were hoping for an awesome house track. Regardless, I'm sure it sounds cool.
[deleted]
thank you!
I feel like the length of the song is also how long it took them to "remix" this song.
I like it better than the original. The loop that played to the end was great. 
DOWNLOAD LINK PLEASE!!
Sorry I can't help you. OP's link worked for me. 
if you're on chrome . and 
Thank you, man. Thank you.
God bless you for introducing me to Hola!!
oh my god THANK YOU.
Thanks, that worked.
if you mean boring for most of it and then kind of interesting at the end, then yeah
Even the cuts on the vocals sound amateurish. I'm disappointed. Meh.
Thought the same! Seems they left half-words in there in places... What. A. Shame.
It's okay.  I'm absolutely in love with RAM, but not so much feeling this remix.  Just kind of sounds like 10 minutes of a few select loops from Get Lucky.  If they plan to release more, I hope they make some more dance-y tracks.  I'd like to hear them do something like Aerodynamite.  Not so much the genre of the song, but how they took the general idea of a song and turned it into a new song.
lol Aerodynamite?
lol yup! 
I thought you just misspelled aerodynamic. 
Haha yeah that's what I thought, so I provided some evidence to the contrary.
DJ Falcon posted on this on his Facebook: .Translation: You're being a bit harsh guys, the idea was to share the "bonus" studio material from Get Lucky.
Good point Mr Falcon
Then call it an extended cut instead of a remix. As a remix, this is garbage.
So they rearranged the sections, mixed the chorus with the refrain a couple times, slightly changed the chords at a few points, and did some random looping? .I mean it's good but... not really DP caliber. Seems like pretty much any dj could have done this
"I mean it's good but...".No it isn't.
Pretty much the same as their entire album. Wah wahhhh
Yeah that's what I was thinking. Provided they had access to the samples that DP had, I really think a whole number of DJs could've actually done significantly better than this.
That's why Tron: Legacy Reconfigured was so awesome
I can't tell if this is sarcasm or not...
Going against the hive mind here, but I'm not sure about this. I like the verses, but the chorus sounds kind-of amateur-ish compared to what I'm used from these two.
Obviously you're not going against he hive mind
Apparently not. When I posted this comment this morning, all the others were loving it and only myself and one other were actually saying otherwise. Guess that changed.
I think it sounds terrible, I can't imagine why anyone would think differently.
agreed, pretty lazy to be honest, sounds like some random kid on soundcloud made it, was expecting 2007 Daft Punk to remix it properly but this is essentially an edit, not a proper remix.
there have been better remixes using only the chorus robot voices
I would agree with you. There's not enough in there to warrant listening to the remix instead of the original. The original is so slick and yet this is kind of cut-and-pasted. I feel they needed to forge something new in there so it could stand alone as a track worth listening to.
all the hate here sounds just like how people were talking about the ram leak for a while. i think people who have reservations about ram wanted dp to give them discovery 2 with this remix or at least add a modern edm flair. .to me, its a great reduction and re-styling of the original in a kind of old school dub joint or '12" mix', where they basically stripped it to a 4 track mixer, and cut it with the fader, moving in and out of different themes. they twisted the chords a bit though so its not completely repetitive, and they threw in some different synth bits kinda like they would in alive07. its also nice for the dancefloor with the exteded groove really rolling, in a kind of locomotive way. .it exists way better outside of the context of ram than the album version and i think its dope
Thanks for this insight, which I never would have had. I'll have to give it another listen with this in mind.
i agree its a darker less happy go lucky version of the original.  I like it a lot
I'm late to the party too. I read the negative comments here before listening and was expecting it to suck. It does not! The bassline could have been amped up a bit, but it's nice and growly. The robot voice should not have been introduced so early in the mix (maybe dropped altogether? This is the robots doing the remix after all), and Pharrell repeating 'we're up... we're up, we're up...' or something was a bit shit.  .But I loved the rest. Groovy house take on that disco classic 'Get Lucky'. I especially liked the extended outro, that took the upbeat disco track into deep groove house reflective nostalgia territory (which is appropriate for this release, seeing as it's essentially coming down from the high that was the original release and the worldwide party... a fitting end to the single's trajectory).  .I'd like an instrumental version.
Very well put!
I have download link, message me for link. (gotta follow the subreddit rules).EDIT: Oh wow i haven't had this much messages ever! So anyways i'm about to hit the sack does anyone who has the link or i willing to take the link want to take my spot for the rest of the night? (just wondering so no one has to wait overnight to accquire the link..Edit 2: . will be taking over for tonight so kudos to him! 
Good job downloading it. And what a great remix! 

He's legit and responded super quickly. Thanks!!
Does anyone else have a link?
Thanks, good link :).Edit: Loving the ending loop
THANK YOU 
You're a hero
Link please. Thank you in advance. 
THANK YOU ! 
Get this man to the top!
Somebody send me a link too, please :)
I'll take over for a while, hit me up for the link..Edit: I think I got most so far who's replied, let me know if I missed you..Edit 2: Alright I'm burned out, had to at least given the link 100 times! If someone could take over that would be great!.Edit 3: Finally . is taking over, forward all PM's!
Can I get a link?
May I have a link?
I would love a link! :)
[deleted]
Can you do it in the PMS instead? You aren't supposed to give links in the comments - it's against the rules.
Thanks!
Keep accidentally doing that, fast replying and not paying attention Lol.
I'd appreciate a link!
[deleted]
Thank you!
I'm going to leave the office now... so if anyone could take over, that'll be great!.edit: I'm back!!! Keep the PM's coming!
I've been dying for this. Link please?
Anyone want to take over, bed time approaches!
Love a link please! :D
A link when possible would be amazing. Thanks.
Link please! I can't seem to stream it on spotify here :/
Let me get the link plox. Spotify is dumb and won't even let me sign up..edit : My username in spotify is Subcidalhowfuckinglongdoesausernameneedtobe and it's still telling me my usernames too short..Somebody please link me a direct download.
[deleted]
Could I have a link pls? :)
May I have a link?
Please! A link <3
Id love a link
May I have a link please? (:
Can I have 1 please?
I'd love a link. :) 
Link pretty please!!
A link please, thank you ;)
Link me!
Can i have a link? Cheers :)
I need the link please!
I'll take over!
Sorry i just sent 3 pms...my phone bugged out lol
Link pls.Pls respond.Pls
your phone didn't get lucky ;)
s'il-vous-plat a link!
Can I have 1 please?
Link would be appreciated!
pls link, thanks very much!
I have the link too, if anyone wants
If you're still on the job, I'd love that link :)
Want it :D
Link please :D
[deleted]
link pls
Link? Thanks!
Link please? 
s'il vous plat
can i get a link? i would really appreciate it!
yo, lemme get some dis action. I'll take over once I get a link!
I'm back, no need to take over ;)
Link pls?
Link would be awesome.
Can I have the link, 
Can you hit me with the link please?
Upvotes for all! For people being awesome. Oh and someone link me please. :D
Link please! Pretty please!
Can I have a download link please?
Yup, obligatory link request :)
Can I have a link?
Link? :D
Link????????.Thank you! :D
Can I get a link, please?
Devil's advocate, but could it be that this remix was originally intended for vinyl release to cater to djs looking for Get Lucky variations to spin in sets? It seems designed that way with it's gradual shifts. Then again I don't know shit so fuck me, right?
[deleted]
LOL
Some would argue if you don't know how to mix vinyl you're not really a DJ.
Only old timers.
thats bogus, vinyl, cds, mp3s, good djs are the ones that get the people dancing. thats like saying artists that dont use paint arent real artists
seriously, LOL
yea, just like they used to do singles back in the day. each side of the record had the radio edit, album version, and 12" extended mix for djs to mix in their sets
A 3-sided record? In all seriousness, I assume it was radio and album on a side and extended on back?
no all 3 on both sides
:D
That or each side had all 3 and there was really no point to the other side, but yeah I assume you are right. 
Does seem a bit thrown together...
Hated Get Lucky, still approved of them trying something new, and now they officially release the exact same thing I hated except extended to 10 minutes. I'm legitimately pissed off now. They took "remix" literally, they mixed the song differently and called it a day. 
Indeed. It just jumps back and forth between different section of Get Lucky, overlaps some stuff, cut up a few lyrics shorter, and that's basically it. Not that there's anything wrong with cutting and rearrenging, but it's no Technologic or Hard Better Faster Stronger.
Don't forget the bells that start around 8:00
the bell (singular), you mean
Agreed.
It seems like they've literally taken scissors to it. It just doesn't blend nicely.
I'm really hoping the rest of the promised remixes are a bit tidier (and just quietly, a bit more live mega dance show friendly)
that was my biggest fear when i heard disco album
Don't kill me, but this does absolutely nothing for me. It sounds like a remix made by someone who thought the robot voice should feature more in the song, so they put it everywhere they could manage. .Both that and the parts where both pharell's chorus and verses are on top of one another makes it sound very stop-start ish and doesn't bring very much new to the table.  .I always thought the smooth silky flow and warm bass of Get Lucky is what made it really enjoyable, and that's been taken out and the remainder is intertwined and looped for ten minutes. The robot voice is no longer a super funky hook but played constantly, I'd be afraid of ruining the actual song by listening to it.
I'm totally with you. To call this a remix is almost a stretch...it's more like a re-arrangement. Usually when a DJ/Producer/Artist releases a remix of their own track...it has a completely different feel to it.
Yeah this song is pretty rubbish.
You guys are insane, this FUCKING ROCKS!
Are you kidding me? Anyone with a even a 10th of a brain would think this remix doesn't work.
This isn't a remix. It's more like an extended edit. Probably what they wanted to put on the album but Columbia had them cut it down to a palatable radio single.  
Yeah - just listened to it for the first time and not really liking it all that much - it gets a bit better towards the end but by that point it seems like I may as well be listening to the original version.
i agree the transtions in this one are horrible
I was hoping to hear a build or progression with the transitions where the first few might have been quick cross-fader cuts and the later ones were smooth, in reverse...anything.  Unfortunately, I didn't get that..More interesting to me, however, is the fact that they didn't use Pharrell's lyrics in their entirety once during the 10 minute track.  Is it a subconscious way of admitting disappointment?  A double dutch rudder between the two members of Daft Punk?  Now that I think about it, I'm sure Nile recorded some fancy off-the-wall shit that could have been used as well...
You're over-thinking it. This was a cash grab and nothing more. It's clear that there wasn't much effort involved. 
man i couldnt disagree with you more. this is brilliant on so many levels..first of all the track is dope. they used a lot of interesting layering and breakdowns kinda like the stronger grammy mix. they added some fresh arppeggiated synths exactly like in alive07. it's like their older styles executed perfectly within the framework of ram's musical inspiration. it sounds kind of amateur but I think that's an artistic choice. plus it sounds pretty fresh from beginning to end..second of all, they broadened the concept of get lucky and the "legend of the Phoenix". I'm surprised no one has commented on the way the two promo videos perfectly mirror each other, with the sun and the moon. that blew my mind that a remix could reinforce the idea of the original by flipping it upside down. they made a simple cut edit and the chord progression has a completely different connotation. .just brilliant if you ask me, but I can see why y'all don't like it, kinda plays in the same place as the og without adding anything significantly different
Your analysis is about as pretentious and amateur as the remix itself.
Calling Daft Punk pretentious and amateur? I'm sorry, who the fuck are you to call them like that?
He called the REMIX pretentious and amateurish, which I completely agree with.
Amateur* not amateurish, and the remix is made by guess who. I don't know you or him, but you're most probably no one to judge their work. And by calling their work amateur you're calling them amateur.
And would you care to digress what qualifies you to "judge their work"? 
Being at/near their level. They've been doing great quality music for quite some time now, they're considered idols by many people. But yeah Mr. Nobody here can come and call their work amateur and pretentious. He didn't even said it felt amateurish or pretentious, he just rightdown called it like that. Just, no..I mean, I understand if you don't like it, but that's a separate thing, of course the robots can't make music that everyone will like.
I just hear the same song but with parts from the middle on the beginning. Im very sorry but this sounds like a "remix" on a Virtual DJ.
I was actually hoping to hear something similar to what they produced on Kanye West's new album (here's an .). Just something completely different from RAM, and similar to thiero older tunes, kind of like a "fuck you" to people saying that Daft Punk can't make electronic music anymore. 
I feel you. I was actually hoping they'd flip their own samples like they used to and make a remix album a la Discovery or something like that. Basically coming full circle. 
Hmm, I didn't know they produced that.  coincidentally it's one of my favorite tracks off that album. 
I believe the first 3 tracks are produced by Daft Punk and the 9th track 
God that would of been great.
THIS. I honestly was hoping for some heavy bass sampling to make this song a little bit more proper house with the chorus shrunk down to just "Get Lucky".I think what makes me sad and disheartened about this release is I really bought into the hype that they would make a nu-disco house "Daft Punk" album using all the juicy samples not only with this song but with the whole album..IMHO I was super excited when it opened with the click but then quickly began to get depressed as the remix progressed. The piano and toll bell is a nice touch but it wasn't enough to make me feel like this was a remix - let alone Daft Punk's.
Yeezus just keeps me hoping that whatever they release in the future as Daft Punk starts to sound like the things off that album. Or (I think I've said this before) if remixes are done individually, e.g. Get Lucky (T. Bangalter remix), so that something completely different can be produced but it doesn't tarnish Daft Punk's nu-disco image. .Also, they threw a lot of rocks in their interviews saying EDM is all the same, but this remix seemed like the perfect chance to put some weight behind those statements. .My fingers are still crossed for something completely different from RAM coming from Daft Punk. 
Jesus...the intro to that song made me legitimately think that my audio card was fucked.
Well, the vocoder part was always my favorite part of the song, and I have always wanted more of it. So, I may enjoy this remix. To each their own, I suppose.
Daft Punk Defense Force at Full Power
lol
Absolutely, it's by far my favourite part too, but because the whole song has been building up to that hook at that point, and when it comes it's fucking glorious. .To play it constantly (and disjoint the flow of the lyrics to do so) kills that for me. 
Fuck people for disagreeing with you with downvotes right? What are you gonna do, buy daft punk alive 2017 tickets with your karma points? No they are useless internet points stop being a baby. Also have another downvote.
Eh whatever, it'd be nice to have an actual discussion that allows you to be critical (or at least neutral) of DP on here without it being buried at the bottom with negative karma when posts like "FUNKAY" will be top posts. .I couldn't give a fuck about karma, I would enjoy discussion however, karma is a necessary in-between.
"Before downvoting, please, remember that OP is human after all"
I get what you mean. But at the same time, you said that you thought "the smooth silky flow and warm bass of Get Lucky is what made it really enjoyable". And, of course, you can have your opinion. However, I am wondering whether you thought that the remix would preserve the character or the song. I think most of us expected them to change the way the song felt.
Without the vocoder, it doesn't feel like a daft punk song anyway.
I guess it just seems to me that for all they took out, they didn't add enough back in to make it complete..
 The song is already pretty long as it stood, many people complained about that (though I think it's the right length) but they took out the bass, they took out the actual buildup to the hook, and replaced it with: the hook. You can't have one be meaningful without the other, which is what I meant about the warm bass, it's all well-crafted buildup..With this, you get the chorus, the hook and the verse almost immediately and there's nothing left to do but loop different parts of it for 10 minutes, no coherent bassline to string it together and make it flow, and not all that much added to make it different from the original parts those samples were taken from. .It's fine, I'd listen to it, but I personally prefer the original.
That's a legitimate (and well-articulated) opinion, which I believe speaks to how good the original track is. I'm not a huge fan of remixes (not counting Alive 2007), so I wasn't expecting a whole lot. I'll heighten my expectations in the event of a full LP of remixes.
FTFY
That's my new ringtone now, thanks.
yeah ofc its normal, what is weird is you just seem to not hear Contact enough, my pref of all RAM
Damn, I'm only at 30.
Nope. Contact needs more plays. 
Oh yeah, Of course it is. I still listen to One More Time, I reached 999,999 on iTunes before I upgraded to Windows 7 from vista a few years ago and the counter stopped.
Needs more Contact followed by Horizon
What isn't normal is you listened to Contact the least!
Below: People naming their favourite song from R.A.M
I'm not this crazy, only in the 20s, because, well, I've been giving a lot of other songs and albums a go. Certainly the go to album for chilling nights, though. 
too few for beyond 
Damn, beats my records out of the water. I have about 56 each.
I wish it would count how many times I play it on my car CD player. I have not removed the CD since release date.
Doin it right is tah bomb so no you are doing it wrong
Looks like you start listening to it then stop a few times.
[deleted]
For me, instant crush is at 31!!!
Doin' it right is my favourite song off the album, and yet nobody shows the same love for it as I have for it :(
Youre Doin it right
I do! Panda bears vocal style just fits into the song so nicely. It's my ringtone:)
It.. Kinda is now. Pop means popular. It . popular.
Same here, I bought it the day it came out and have listened to it everywhere I've gone since then. My friends have just accepted the fact that I'm not playing anything else in my car any time soon.
I think they're right, pop means Play Out Proudly, no?.Btw, why are people downvotting you?
0:04:34 118 8:58:52.0:05:22 115 10:17:10.0:09:05 108 16:21:00.0:03:49 108 6:52:12.0:05:38 105 9:51:30.0:05:54 103 10:07:42.0:08:19 101 13:59:59.0:06:10 104 10:41:20.0:04:50 104 8:22:40.0:05:42 103 9:47:06.0:04:40 102 7:56:00.0:04:11 100 6:58:20.0:06:21 96  10:09:36
iTunes counts a play every time you finish a song regardless of how much you happen to skip over, so he didn't necessarily have to listen to all ~130 hours
I love this album so much, but HATE the intro to touch. It just feels forced to me.
At first I thought he was saying "dungeon, welcome to my dungeon". I thought it was quite creepy. Especially as the first time I heared it was at 1 I'm the morning. 
No no no! This is all wrong. Each song needs to be rated 5 stars.
I still don't get the point of rating songs on iTunes. Do people actually rate other than 4/5? If it was lower it wouldn't be in my library.
I listen to an album and rate each one. Why? So next time I know which songs to avoid. 
So what, if you don't like a song in an album you just get rid of it? I like to keep all the songs in my albums just because it wouldn't feel right without all of them.
As a DJ, I rate my songs by the energy on each track.1 being more of a warm up song and 5 being more of a huge hyped up show stopper. 3 being a good area to get the crowd going into the more hyped stuff that's rated 4 and 5. .That's what I use the rating for, anyways
My father does the same thing when he runs sets part-time. If it's middle of the night he pulls from the pool of 5 star floorfillers, when it's just starting up or the night is tapering off he can pull out the chill stuff. 
Only thing that's wrong in this picture is the genre
Well it IS pop music.
If you purchase it off iTunes, it comes tagged as "Pop". 
Yeah I cringed 

No. You have problems and you should jump off a cliff
Well you have attitude issues, but you know what? I'm not suggesting for one SECOND that you throw yourself off a cliff, because that, my friend, is irresponsible.
And side effects include slight causes of ..
I jumped off a cliff with my dad once. It was awesome. We plan to go again this summer. 
Jumping off a cliff never killed anyone. It's the stop at the end that usually does it.
*.*
le
Well that's just unnecessary.
Reminds me of ..
The only issue with that is you need to listen to contact more ;)
I also don't listen to Contact that said often, but that's because I'm always afraid that my head will blow up. 
I don't know if Pendulum is popular here but try listening to Crush. It is very different from Contact but it makes me feel like my head is about to explode in a similar way to Contact!
I know, sometimes I am too tired for that song. You need to be ready for it, mentally prepared
You also need to be mentally prepared for the intro to Touch..Freaks the hell out of me every time.
I totally agree. Motherboard needs a little more too.
Seems like you listen by starting from the first song on the album and then listening it somfar as you can at the time. 
You're missing the japan bonus track too, it's a nice "fade out" for the entire album. 
I'm really excited because I'm going to this tour in a couple of months! Can't wait for the Get Lucky cover!
Part of me wishes it was a better/full video to really see how he did. I like him, but this is kinda out of left field for him. Do enjoy the show though!
This is great. I want to hear more artists making stuff like this. I find classic disco a little dated for my taste but love this modern electronica style. 

I just hope that group didn't push a few buttons to make that song. What I really love about RAM is the live instrumentation, hardly any artists use real instruments these days.
So my uncle was right.  Disco never dies.
It isn't really noticable (yet), but so many producers have almost swapped style entirely because of RAM, myself included!
If I remember correctly, many of the people that DP collaborated with is listed in the liner notes of Homework. Pretty cool!
boo williams = paul williams?
Also DJ Sneak is mentioned, who is featured as a writer on "Digital Love"
Boo Williams is what you heard. 
Brian Wilson and Armand Van Helden are also there
Nope. Two different people.
I love how the funky bass line kicks in right as George Clinton is mentioned.
Whenever that line comes up, all I can think of is "Bill Clinton".
Romanthony as well!
You're right!
In an interview about RAM someone asked them why Nile or Giorgio wasn't mentioned on Teachers. One of them replied 'it's because they're the principals'.I thought that was a fun answer :-)
Haha, that's great!
Why the censored icon names, 
cool, but those icons. oh my god u fuckn serious???
dual monitor and two taskbars?
1600x900 resolution monitors??? u gotta be kiddin me
Yeah,.Shut the fuck up.
OH you know...nudie pictures and sexy times!.If I told you what they really were, I'd have to kill you.

link to wallpaper?
Here ya go buddy!.Where I got the icons:
.
.

Haha I have this same wall for my duals <3 .I wish there where more dual walls of Daft Punk. It's hard to find duals let alone ones that are 3840 x 1080
Lol I have that as my desktop too (just one monitor though)
/highfive! I'm planning on vectorizing the blueprints found in the RAM sleeve soon so that I can blow it up to a nice and clean 1920x1080 (or any size, for that matter). I'll post it if enough people are interested.
Didn't Thomas's Discovery-era helmet have a smile for the slit in his mask?
Sure did! But technically, the simple slit in Thomas' helmet was featured in the transitional helmets (between Discovery and Human After All)
hey can i get a link to that pep ? 
Here's a whole collection, I personally used Dung0beetle's Tron era pep.
awesome awesome, love dung0beetle's work finishing up my thomas helmet going to post pics tomorrow. I did the same guy helmet and didnt bother going any further in the production because the front just seemed odd, while the sides looked perfect. did you have the same problem? 
I dont think there is anything too odd about it, but if it ends up looking retarded in the end, can always try again.
I cant wait to see what your Thomas helmet looks like :)
again, it looks like a paper.
see, guy man helmet is yellow.
pink and green is shitty combination, i have no fucking idea what you were thinking
Are you being serious? It looks like paper because it . paper. OP is doing a Pepakura build.
no one appreciates how funny this was to read
oh sorry. paper is for cleaning your ass not for making helmets
are you like 10 ?
Look at all his past comments. He's just a dick.
well excuse me for being different
Different as in. The rest of us aren't dicks. You are?
The reason it looks like paper, is because it's meant to. It's like a shell to build your mask around, it's not the finished product...
And the reason is pink and green is because I couldn't find any white card stock paper. 
Kyuss!
They have an awesome remix of Robot Rock as well
Also, they have the coolest VJ-stuff going on with their Giorgio set:
[deleted]
Your view does not represent an entire market. Tiesto is widely known. Doubt as much as DP but he's been major.
you know, fuck tiesto. i was a fan of his music for some time, but its ALL THE SAME SHIT. he is the definition of "EDM's Identity Crisis"
This is precisely the reason why I don't like his music. Sure his music is sick and well produced, but it's all fucking the same musically. DP has made it clear many many . times that EDM is stagnant and that dj's coasting along is not a good thing.
Exactly! Most of the tiesto that I play when I'm DJing is just full music or stuff to build loops from hahah
Can we just ignore him please? 
There are enough threads about this talentless cunt 
I hope this doesn't awaken anything in me...
This is my entire day.
The prance has always been in you, waiting...
Official Daft Punk music video.
Damn! Instant crush is my favorite on the album! Thanks tho.
In the new update, there a command that automatically plays a sound, so you could theoretically add every Daft Punk track into the game.
Sorry I couldn't add it. If I could add more songs I would add Instant Crush for sure! Be sure to watch out for more resource packs coming from me. ( Most likely different packs containing different Daft Punk songs.)
Except the /playsound command only allows to playsound that are already used by the game (AFAIK), and I don't think replacing sound effects by entire songs is a good idea :D
Thank you so much for this, I will definitely be using this!
I will have to look into that! Thanks for telling me!
I'm unable to download the file. MediaFire comes back with an error message saying that the file is on a non-validated account.
Really? Strange, I validated my account I'm sure, I'll double check it though..EDIT: Alright apparently I didn't verify it, mostly because I didn't think I had to because no message told me to go do it, anyways it should be verified now!
Works now! If you did something, thanks!
No problem! Enjoy the resource pack and if you could, spread the pack around! For some reason minecraftforum.net's curse account management will never let me make an account, so if it is possible you could post it there (and give me credit of course) I would be very grateful! 
Wrong subreddit....
Would've thought that Pharrel was relevant in this subreddit. Will.I.am has also stolen one of daft punk's songs.
will.i.am.an.unbelievable.douche.and.possibly.retarded.
I agree. Is there a Pharrell Williams subreddit? Just because Pharrell helped the robots with a few vocal parts of a couple songs doesnt really make him relevant here. Not to be mean, just to save you from the downvotes next time(:
Read the sidebar brotoski. Also, Will.i.am hasn't  unless you're referring to that around the world mixtape thing, which was never released nor is official. 
Will.i.am needs to make better music before he gets time to do shit like this..Also, 
Its ironic that she was my server a few times at my favorite restaurant here in Texas.
My phone went off (I had a daft punk wallpaper) and it led to her showing me that tattoo. Later on, one of the other servers who was a friend told me she was a porn star. My mind was blown. 
Mariah Mars everyone. Shes awesome..Edit: Next time I go and shes working all get a picture with her.
whaaaaaaaaaaat the fuck bro. Like cool, but..you can't just link us to the porn you just watched.
Well, that's about enough life for me for one day.
You could've said it was a video.
She has a lazy eye...
How OP found this...I don't want to know
Enjoyed, thanks.

Where on her body is it?.At what time can you see it?
Didn't realize Daft Punk could be classified as Indie. 
He sure is Getting Lucky.....
The internet is for porn
GRAB YOUR DICK AND DOUBLE CLICK FOR PORN PORN PORN!
THEY NEVER FOUND HER DOG
Thought I could go onto . without fapping, PROVEN WRONG
Yea, Screenshot and NSFW pls
No
It would be both groovy and epic. Plus Jeff Lynne. I could dig it.
Daft Punk doing a collaboration with Pete Townshend would be so awesome. If you don't know, . wrote the two genius albums . and ..
How did you just name my 3 favorite artists in one post...
Did we just become best friends?!
I think we did!!!
+justice
You crazy!
Have not heard of vangelis. elo on the other hand + daft punk could be interesting 
 is Vangelis. Not the biggest fan of then, though.
Can I join in on this?!! 
Want.
[deleted]
his credit card or the picture?
If I was the waiter, I'd pay for the meal myself for you doing that.
How
The bill.
Some card companies let you have a custom image on your cards, I presume OP has done this.
oh yeah, mine only offered like grass or some shit
ihopethisisajoke. meaningihopehedoesn't thinkthecardisacreditcard
It probably isn't; there's sites out there that trawl for people taking photos of their new cards. In this case I can't make out the number so it's not a problem, but it's not particularly clever to post photos of your credit cards.
, hope nobody steals my moneys...
I swear I read "my monkeys" twice. I need sleep.
For real though. All you need to do is type that into a bot that randomly generates security codes and eventually they will find the right one.
Little info here... This is not a credit card. There is no personal info behind these cards. They came with Discovery and granted you access to download Alive 1997. As mp3s began to trip up the music industry, they scrambled to add perks to releases to get people to still buy the albums. This was a pioneering idea that is still used today. Get something extra to download with album purchase. 
It ain't a credit card, bud. 
Yeah, a few people have since pointed that out. In this case the card's existence as anything but a credit card wasn't something I was aware of and with the low light conditions it'd be easy enough to get confused.
I'd fucking love a Daft Punk credit card that looked like that.
Ah - that make slightly more sense then. I hadn't realised that was a thing.
nope, its the 'Daft club' card that came with all original versions of Discovery and allowed access to the daft club members website back then... 
I was looking for a design for mine. Thanks for the brilliant idea.
Ah right. Still, doesn't stop someone getting a custom image on their card if people did want to do that.
I wish someone would make a high res version of this without the numbers so I could do that, but they probably wouldn't print it because of copyright laws as most places are pretty picky about that.
Wow, only 77 cents on a $92 bill?
I had to double check because I thought you were saying that was the tip, but it was tax and as you can see on the bottom "all liquor prices include NJ state sales tax" so they must have bought like a food item or something that didn't have tax built in.
This is just getting a bit childish guys. Let's just leave this behind us.
Good god is this article's writer ever butthurt!
Wow. .Way to give the guy's opinion WAY more attention than it was worth..If you ask me he said just the right things to get himself some free press and some impassioned journalist took the bait.
Tiesto was a fantastic DJ before 2010. Now he has gone down in history ad the biggest sellout in dance music of all time. 
After his set at edc this year I feel he is a little short on room to hand out criticism.

Veridis Quo
I'm sorry?
Veridis Quo: 
Huh. Is that actually the inspiration for the track name? 
Actually IIRC it is latin for something, but I can't remember what, it's been a while since I looked it up, but it is some pretty clever wordplay, haha. I'll see if I can find it..Edit: "Veridis quo" is a bit of clever wordplay on the Latin phrase "Quo vadis?", literally, "Whither goest thou?" or "Where are you going?". The greater meaning of the phrase is, "To what purpose?" or, "To what end are you doing this?" Found this on a daft wiki.
Woah, thanks for the interesting comment and taking the time to research it.
Although it's very one sided, everything that was said was true. If you admire Tiesto as an artist over Daft Punk, there's something wrong with you. You can go on and on with your "opinions" speech but this is blatantly true. Those club bangers have no depth
I miss the good old days of "He's A Pirate", "Dance4Life", etc. I'll never be able to watch that DVD of him in concert again.

While everyone is entitled to their own opinions, I think it seems kind of childish that they write a WHOLE article on it. Tiesto isn't a fan of Daft Punk, we get it. Can't we just move on though?
It's not like it's biased or anything either. Stooping to his level much?
"Tiesto Hates on Daft Punk: Five Reasons This Idiot's Jealous".Yeah, this guy's professional.
Sorry bad resolution, here are the two in full resolution at DeviantArt.
I think that'd look pretty cool if they were sitting on the ground like they'd been taken off, rather than floating there. Nice job either way, really well done :)
what did you make that in?
You can use either the free program "blender" or you can get the paid program "cinema4D" you can get cinema4D for free if you look up a video on youtube about it. That's how I got it
I'm a blender user, I was wondering if you would be willing to relinquish the 3d files so I can render my own desktop background?
This was made in Cinema 4D..here's the link to the free models. I don't know if you could import them into blender..Lets all share what we can create. 
Just want to say I think it's really awesome of you that after taking the time to model these helmets (.) you have just decided to give them away to promote creativity and sharing..You are a great example of why I love the internet, and subreddits like these.  And just as an aside, I think you did an excellent job modelling and rendering them; they look fantastic.
We're up all night to get some .We're up all night for good fun .We're up all night to get lucky.hahah thanks man, but Credits to . for modeling them, they give them to us for free, and like you said to promote creativity and share it... let's do that. .I did render this two, and it was very difficult to get that glow thingy set up right, a nightmare.
Ahh, still cool.  You still set up the scene very nicely. I like that you're passing it on.
I can make that happen, but you gotta give me some time, im at work right now.
I hate to be a pain but if it wasn't too hard could you make the helmets resting on the ground?
No rush man, I just thought that would look pretty cool :)
I didn't want them resting on the ground..It could be great if you guys did some others wallapaers and we can all share them..
here's the link to the models..

Might be better if you made parts faster. I really like it though!
Ah crap! Seems the gif is way slower than the video found in the rapidshare link. That one is set to 0.37s per frame which is as close to the original as i could get. Well it's too late to fix now =( darnit
First things first!
Its not my creation per se, i stole the idea from whoever made .
I changed the background and corrected the "our" which is supposed to be "hour"
The plan was to use this as a live wallpaper, but apparently there is only these trialversions of dreamscape providing that function to windows 8. But i figured some of you guys still might enjoy it.
I uploaded all the files(jpeg, psd & wmv) to . for you to play with.
If you intend to use it as a wallpaper[1920x1080], there are good tutorials on the web for installing dreamscape and using the videofile found in the rapidshare link..EDIT: So to clarify, the actual file found in the link is running faster than the gif and is quite similar to the original. Also the resolution is 1920x1080 and not 1920x1024 as seen in the title
Why 1920x1024?
The original one seems to be correct though. Could you please make a wallpaper sized gif of the original? :D
and im afraid not, i found the . here in . and i don't know where to find a higher res of that gif
It looks good man, also good catch with the hour hour, I never knew that before know!
it's just me being a moron... it really is 1920x1080
Uhh, I think the "our" is meant to be "our". I could be wrong though, I just don't think "Hour work is never over" makes sense.
actually its "more than ever, hour after hour, work is never over. That's what it says on the actual album =) 
TIL....thanks!
My life is a lie...
Honestly I'd be fine with similar remixes to the Get Lucky remix. I really enjoy that song.
I think it would be interesting to hear some more Blackmill and The Glitch Mob, and maybe Vitalic. some other ideas are: Justice, Ronald Jenkees, and Uppermost.
just my opinions
Am I the only one that wants a remix album that . house, acid house, or French house? I want more like the GL remix.
I wouldn't mind another Daft Club-like album.
I want Pharrell to remix a song or two but mostly have the album be by Daft Punk. I want most of all though is for them to throw it all back to their Discovery album and make it all totally EDM/House.
I'm sorry but I would not. To me it would just be the same songs but somewhat switched around
Isn't that what a remix is?
I honestly think they will not put out a remix album anymore due to the public reception of the get lucky remix
Yup, but people here tend to have a very specific definition of 'remix'
It seems people just want them to sample RAM to make House tracks.
There is no remix album to be confirmed, nor even mentioned by either Columbia or Daft Punk.
A sweet, tasty, upbeat french house remix of Give life back to music!
Honestly for the remix album I was kinda hoping for mostly EDM songs, however based on the "Get Lucky" remix, that doesn't quite seem like the case..Random idea though: While most tracks should be more electronic, take "Doin' it Right" and completely flip it on its head. Have instrumentals in the background, and a choir repeating "Doin' it right, everybody will be dancing when you're doin' it right..." in the background, then have vocoder vocals in place of Panda's. That would be cool.
Really neat idea
I agree with all of your suggestions OP. I like the collaborations, but... nothing compares to solo Daft Punk, IMO..Moreover, I just want them to take these chill, beautiful songs and bring the (French) house down with them. 
I want some more of that synth at the end of the original Get Lucky.
That right there gave me chills on its own.
My hugest gripe with the album is that that melody was not further expanded
hope it's something better than the get lucky remix,i don't like it...
I like it, I just think it had potential to be even better.
I'm hoping for strong basslines, and a return to house.
All I want is NOT a second Daft Club. I will murder people if it reaches the same level of awfulness of Daft Club.
to be fair, that was never intended to be a legit album, it was a bunch of free songs (with the exception of a few) that they gave away for free on the Daft Club forums and decided to release a CD
But we don't. That being said, I want to believe. Source?
It's been mentioned in a few interviews, though I'm not sure if it was referred to as an entire album.
Yes, can we please find the relevant quote on this one? I've heard nothing concrete. 
I want Thomas to pretend it's 1999 and do a floor-filling house remix. 
Yissss
Done with pencil,markers on A3 paper
you have a great talent :)
Thank you! 
Looks great!
Thanks! Took me a few days 
Am I the only one that thinks that Thomas's build makes him kind of look like a baby? Haha, anyway though great work, very detailed I like it!
The idea was to draw them as babies, bc the album is inspired by 70'  when by that time DP were just babies.  (Sorry for my poor English ) 
Got being morbid, but Nile is getting on a bit now, and he has already had a brush with cancer. So I think DP should get off their ass and get touring with Nile before it's too late.
I remember reading an interview with a tl;dr version of this article..I think it's a lot of pressure on DP, to be honest. Now when they do their next live tour, Pharrel and Nile will need to be there to co-perform, which would be agonising for our robots to get everything in sync.
Not if they do something like Alive 07.
That's what I mean. How would they sync the prerecorded music loops to live action loops? 
In case you've never seen it, Deadmau5 did this with Gerard Way and SOFI with his techno cube (come on, clearly inspired by the Daft Punk pyramid). He lets the track voice play along with the singer though I believe.
Hrm, interesting. I'd assume a lot of practising would be involved. 
Yeah, I'm sure there is. But I'm sure DP also spend a good amount of timemixing their tracks into what they were in alive. I'm sure they wouldnt mind a little practice.
I think you're misunderstanding what I meant to say. Romanthony didn't have to perform One More Time at 07, so why would Nile and Pharrell?
Ah, I see..When Nile said he wouldn't perform without DP, I thought DP would do likewise. 
He didn't really 'perform'  it.
maximum rererepost engage
Daftworld kissing Guy, eww
You lied, 3rd from the right is skrillex
This subreddit needs mods.
Although he does look like sonny in some pics you aren't funny.
[deleted]
may I ask what relevance this has here.
I understand that there may not be much difference between Homework and Alive '97, but I am always a bit annoyed when this particular release is ignored.
This is crap. Who cares what they look like?
Why do they look like Tim and Eric now?
Thomas is turning into 
Is it me, or are these heavy helmets causing Thomas to have a neck issue? ;)
needs more jpg
 should do.
Loving Guy's "Acid Haus" shirt. 
Guy-man was and still is a handsome fellow. Tom as well, although not my taste.
You got a Jack Black type I think
Sort of, I prefer him way more in the younger days.
Guy went from looking cool to less cool and Thomas the opposite.
Where'd you get all the photos?
He didn't make this, and all of those are pretty easy to find.
I'm pretty sure the one for the Discovery era were taken around Homework came out
they just look 2 average french guys, if you go to France,you'll see many people with similar faces and body structure, i really doubt if i will recognize them if I see them on streets
I've always wanted to know their relationship with each other, what they think of each other.
They're each others best friends.
I know, but is there any video of them talking to or about each other?
I'm not sure about video, but I read an article of one of them saving the other from getting hit by a car while they were both taking hits.
I read that too and I thought it was awesome. Guy-Man is a hero!
Can you by any chance send the link?
Here: .
Guy-Man is fucking.
There is one video, where they're still young and Guyman doesn't seem to have his best day... Thomas is talking all the time, almost bragging and Guy doesn't seem to like it at all. This same behavior can be seen in most of their interviews: Thomas is the talkative, confident one, while Guy seems to be shy, more quiet one.
That's why his helmet has the mouth.
yet Guy's tron pic, he seems soooo cheery
There was an interview recently in a . I like their description: ."It feels as if a hip TV academic has, for his own quiet amusement, decided to bring his surly nephew to work for the day"
Check out this movie, it's quite depressing to see Guy like this... note: spoiler alert: robots without masks

Warning: French
I know it isn't really the point of the picture, but after seeing the helmets side by side, the tron helmets look the coolest in my opinion. My love for the original one might be playing a factor.
At least give credit! 
I didn't get this from reddit and wasn't sure if repost. Sorry.
pro-tip if you think its reddit worthy, then it's been on reddit fool
Ah yes, their human disguises age as the years go on, naturally. Guy Man is obviously a fan of Jack Black. 
I follow those guys on Facebook, they're the ones who made the helmets. You can one for about $325 I think. Heres their Etsy shop if anyone is interested 
I can one for only 325? Wow!
Even though I can't afford that.It's nice to just look at them. ;-;
here is the rest of the shots from u/VforVendetta85, for those interested in these things. 

The guy helmet proportions are wayyy off. 
That and since it looks like they're dressed in the HAA-era attire, Thomas' helmet LED is always off. It's never flashing like that.
Ignore the hateraid in this thread..I'd say RAM is far more prolific, better made, more artistic and has sincere integrity in the project..HOWEVER. Chromeo is this shit. Slick funk electro baby making music. Both albums are phenomenal. If anything to your original statement Daft Punk and Chromeo both listened to a lot of the same old disco-funk for their inspirations.
I agree with you. I think RAM is much more sincere and artful, but I felt the similarities. This is indeed corny as all get out.
This is pretty corny
No
super corny!
The only decent Chromeo song is that one with DJ Mehdi
The . from RAM reminds me of Pink Floyd too. 
The weird, trippy-ness?.I can't explain it, but it does for me too. The way that Thomas and Guy-Manuel are standing as well...
I just got to listen to it on soundcloud last night! It was very reminiscent of Pink Floyd.
click play on a cd and pretend to do stuff
You must not know how dj-ing works at all, they have samples and songs lined up in ableton session view and use midi controllers with buttons for launching samples and knobs for the effects
I don't think this sub is for you....
I hate to say it, but this guy is actually kind of right, for the most part they just hit play in Live and let the set play while moving some knobs around and doing a little cliplaunching. Obviously they didn't use CDs, and did a bit more than just hit play, but in actuality they didn't do a ton during the Alive tour.
we know they CAN dj very well. ( look up videos) 
The Alive 2007 Tour was more of a show then a musical thing, if it was ment to display their music skills they would have had the cameras pan to the controllers and put them on the big screen as they do at rock shows and hip hop shows. 
They totally can, but what I'm saying is that most of the set was completely pre made in Live's session view, which they later slightly manipulated with various effects, synth patches, and a few clips. Like you said, the Alive tour was mostly just a show, not about them playing music. The Alive tour was much more like a giant listening party than a normal concert.
Yes, but they did make the entire sets also. 
If you DJ you also know that most of the job especially for party DJ's is just conducting the party with music. .Daft Punk did just that. 
I've been inside the pyramid. The set is predetermined but the Moogs are linked to stems of MIDI throughout the set. Se essentially, they are just effecting an already made set. Frequencies, Resonances, Attacks, etc. are all adjusted by Thomas and Guy so they can have some fun up there..The set stays the same because of the light show synchronisations..The spontaneity is lost, but the overall result far outweighs any alternative approach.
Thank you, this makes a lot of sense! Pretty cool that you've been inside, too. 
How did you get to be inside the pyramid?
I was lucky enough to have an AAA pass.  I went to meet them too but they weren't in their dressing room. I almost prefer the mystery maintained by that. 
I have never been more jealous of anything.
So much of the Pyramid is an illusion. Inside it seems so small and quite plain. It's an incredible design to fool your eyes into thinking it's much larger than it is. I was told by supporting acts who were doing the tour to stand in the middle of the crowd, about half way back for the most effective experience. And that being at the front didn't allow you to take it all in and see the whole show for what it was. Having seen videos of people right up the front, they were correct. I stood next to the sound booth in a moat that divided 2 sections of the crowd. Couldn't have asked for a better position. In all seriousness, that gig changed my life.
that is so sweet man.
See this image of the insides of their pyramid:
.It features: 
2x Behringer BCR2000 midi controllers
4x Moog Voyager midi synths
2x Lemur touch interfaces, which seem to be custom made 
4x buttons to trigger the lighting effects
Thanks for the photo, I was wondering if there was a pic of the inside. A lot more complex than I imagined (to me, at least). 
I always thought . was a good example to show what they do.
They control loops and samples in Ableton. They trigger them using some kind of MIDI controllers up there in the booth, which they have like...4 of. 
The lights are controlled by a completely different team. I've heard it takes something to the like of 17 or 18 people to work the pyramid. 
Wow, cool. Thanks. I've seen MIDI controllers before but was having a hard time distinguishing which parts were controlled by them manually and which parts were just a loop or a repeated sample. Even higher respect for them now; I can't imagine how hectic that must be. 
They actually employed the JazzMutant Lemur controllers, costing about $4,000 a piece, those are the touch screen ones that you see them using in the Grammy Awards performance with Kanye West. .They have other controllers too, but those are the only ones I could remember off the top of my head.
the BCR2000 is actually the one they used for most of what you are hearing, though they did do some with minimoog voyagers, which was most likely analogue manipulation through patches.you can read a bit more about it 
They actually aren't controlling the loops much, as the set was basically pre-made in Live and then they slightly changed it for each show. Most of what they are doing is clip launching, eq-ing, and using various effects. For the Daftendirekt and Cassius shows it was pretty much all mixing with turntables, though they did have a few songs separated into different tracks (probably in protools) that they manipulated.
Its a tricky situation because it seems like they tell everyone a different story. I heard somewhere that all they can do is adjust a bunch of levels but on another blog it said they loop all the samples themselves. Each sample is actually "linked" automatically to a set of lights with a particular behaviour. .So you could be right, but its strange that theres so many different stories out there.
Lighting Designer here can confirm. The lights are written with looks with each sample and are played on a Midi time code. So i.e. when they hit the sample for Robot Rock, the midi time code for the lighting file for that loop plays. All of this runs just through a computer. Without a person..There is also the main guy running another light board who controls "flashes" and "bumps" to audience reaction etc..Also I saw someone say it takes 17-18 people to run the show? Wrong. It takes anywhere from 5-9. With 7 being the average.
Ableton? In the videos you can never see a laptop. I think they have some other equipment with all of the samples loaded in and they use different effects.
They use 4 macbook pro 17" according to one site. If you look at a picture of their setup you can see a small screen in the centre. This is what they use to see the timeline. You don't need a visible computer to use ableton!
Oh. I'm stupid.
Yeah, Daft Punk will never let anybody know too much for sure.
My thought is that it's likely that it's just a bunch of preloaded samples, clean cut and ready to go. Their performances are like painting. You start with an empty canvas. Each one of those little samples are a different colour, each time they trigger a sample it's like a new stroke to fill the canvas. 
Very well said. It would be the most logical thing. Then they can make corrections on the fly and not having to worry about finding where their samples are ;)
Is every performance of Alive 2007 at each venue the exact same or differs between them, even a little?
It does differ. You can see it from live recordings to the album version easily. 
By what do they differ?
It's nothing special, but having listened to the live album many, many times through, it becomes clear where they change things subtly. Very, very little differences. 
I think he's trying to ask how the live performances differ from each other, not how the live differs from the album. 
The album is a recording of one of their shows. What's the difference?
i can't be the only one who used this as lyrics and sang it haha
As long as you're doing it right.
This pie chart reminds me of Guy-Man's helmet circa Discovery era.
i thought it was fax rename it not fax it rename it
Gotta learn ur prepositions mo fo's!
You are not alone.
Needs more jpeg
In Harder Better Faster Stronger you can also "make it"
You can also Do It Right.
fuck it fuck it fuck it fuck it fuck it fuck it
flock it flock it flock it flock it flock it
And when in doubt, you can fuck it. (Alive 2007)
Is there a better scan or transcript of the article?


Why is "Holiday On Ice" notable, I didn't really catch what it was referring to. I did really enjoy hearing those tracks though.
Very cool..But is anyone else having issues with the site-hosted music loading properly?.It seems after a bit everything just breaks...
Yeah, the same thing happened to me about halfway through!
Thanks for that..Great read.
Where do you get that and when ? 
Looks like the old Polydor CDs. .But yes why and how did you get your hands on such a thing?
sorry for the delay gents.
it does sound different. the drums sound louder and everything is just a bit more....kicky if that makes sense.
I cant remember how long ive had it...for some time lol. as for where I got it. cant say...sorry 
the CD does not have Horizon on it sadly. love that song
did i miss anything?
Considering you said it sounded different... Would it too much to ask of you to upload a few somewhere for us to compare them?
Yes, I second this - could you rip it and upload?  That would be gigantic fan support for the community!
What would you like ti know?
Does it sound any different from the final release?
It's been 8 hours, OP. Please deliver. Where, when and how did you get it?
Not at all
Why is it not in a titanium briefcase?
He probably got it from his place of work post-release. He just doesn't wanna answer because it takes away the cool
[deleted]
Well, I mean, feel free to say otherwise, I was just going off your lack I response
Does it have the Japanese bonus track as well?
How early did you have that copy? I mean how early before it got released to the public. It must have been hard not to leak anything!
In guessing he bought it off someone after release, since this guy is the major collector. 

I read that in their voice before I even realized that it was a link. Was not disappointed
Must be real... Guy-man is smaller and beefier than Thomas, and standing on the right, as always.
This is by far . legit thing I have ever seen in my life.
Not Daft Punk related, but....That Master Chief Helmet is B.A.
May I ask how you hid the wires to your TV?
You had me until Vida La Vida.
A white kinect? 
You love halo daft punk and ColdPlay can we be bestfriends?
Fellow DP and CP fan! 
That's actually a great idea! I might have to steal it ...
You really should have blacked out the shelf on the right.
Coldplay AND Daft Punk!? You sir, have good taste in music.
No love for A Rush Of Blood To The Head? cmon bro
and in release order..God bless you.
Ew Coldplay. Otherwise nice.
Star Wars Edition
It's the next one on my list! I haven't gotten around to it yet.
well that's good! My favourite album by Coldplay is X&Y.
Same! It's one of my favorite albums ever!
I was about to ask where MX was, haha. Thought someone would bring it up. Nice Vinyl collection!
Yeah very good album indeed. I really like the dark feel to it. Don't like MX so much tho, although Don't Let It Break Your Heart and Charlie Brown are fantastic songs.
Did we just become best friends? Yep! (from Step Brothers)
Can I join you?
Actually most people in music don't consider Cold Play to be in good taste.
Honestly, I really like it ok? I don't hate on other people's music tastes, please don't hate on mine.
Buy vinyls to hang them on a wall. What a shame.
I have a record player and I listen to my vinyls all the time. I wanted to put some of my favorites on display. Maybe you shouldn't be so quick to judge...
You just say "records" .as in .I listen to my "records" all the time. .You don't say "vinyls" like that.
FYI: The plural of vinyl is vinyl. 
E.g. "I have lots of vinyl."
You sound like an fool when you say Vinyls.
You have to cut two holes in the dry wall, one behind the TV and next to the electrical outlet. You then need to get a really handy electrical kit from Home Depot or Lowe's. It's basically two boxes, one box for each hole. It's really nice because nothing is live until you plug in the TV. The electrical kit is another outlet, but the plug goes behind the TV so you don't see the wires! Feed the wires through the wall and out the other hole. Hope that helps!
It's bad to keep vinyl at an angle like that, it warps the record.
Man, it's like you're me! I'm a . Daft Punk and Coldplay fan..Weird thing about these two artists: I was introduced to both of them on the same Kanye West album. First Coldplay, then Daft Punk.
_
It's weird to see castle crashers as an ad... everybody that wants that game already has it..
Your gamer tag is man inside me, and your reddit username is cumin...
i've gotta fart
Don't hold it in for ....too long.
Just let it out man
Cumin is a spice. Man inside me is an Arrested Development reference...
Haha okay so it's just a coincidence then
If I got green day and daft punk ads maybe I Wouldn't have Adblock installed.
I swear this question is asked once a week in this forum. I always try and search first before I post something
I was under the impression that the robot voices in RAM were digital from the start..From Rolling Stone: "Theres this thing today where the recorded human voice is processed to try to feel robotic," Thomas says, referring to the undying AutoTune vogue. "Here, we were trying to make robotic voices sound the most human theyve ever sounded, in terms of expressivity and emotion.".linky: 
I think he meant that they were trying to keep the emotion in the vocoder, rather than making a synthesised voice sound more human. Anyway, good find, I had to read and think about that one!
It's hard to say exactly..In Discovery, every single song has a sample in it, and a lot of "confirmed" sample sources have not been confirmed by DP themselves. Bangalter even said while he was looking at what people thought Daft Punk had sampled wasn't true. .I'm not sure about Homework, but every song in HAA is voiced by Daft Punk..In RAM I believe it's Give Life Back to Music, Game of Love, Within, (they feature in Get Lucky) Beyond, and Doin' it Right.
The're also credited on Touch and Lose Yourself To Dance.
Ah yes, this is true. Totally slipped my mind, thanks.
Ah, I see I thought they may of merged both their voices but I see the french accent is Guy, while the non-french accent is Thomas. I wonder how he makes his french accent go away. Since the Wdpk 837 Fm is said to be sung by Thomas, and a very clear french accent is heard. Maybe it's the vocoder? 
He's lived in LA for almost 10 years. 
Don't forget, WDPK was done in the Homework era, when they were living in France and didn't have much to do with English speaking countries, so Thomas probably had a more prominent accent back then.
I feel like Beyond uses both. Some parts clearly have a stronger french accent.
I suspect that the lower vocals on Beyond are Guy's voice, and the rest are Thomas's!
Thomas lived in LA for a while so the accent may have been partially lost from that and I don't know if Guy stayed in France and kept his accent.
They do. I can hear their french accents in much of RAM too.
 did vocals on . and ... did the vocals on ...I think DP did the rest (excluding the obvious ones from RAM)..When asked who did the voices Daft Punk usually replies "who cares?".
Except for songs in which the vocals were sampled, such as Superheroes.
Romanthony actually did Too Long as well. Todd Edwards did Face to Face and Fragments of Time.
derp, thanks for the correction
From what I hear, since Guy-Man has a heavier French accent his songs can be spotted rather easily. He probably did vocals for "The Game of Love."
Nope, no one else. You're hearing The Robots Themselves. As to who sings on which song, I couldn't tell ya, but I bet we'll get a commenter who can....Ninja EDIT: grammar.
Thank you!
Ok, sorry. With the exception of obvious collaborators and samples, this.
All I know is that HBFS was Guy and ATW was Thomas. Due to the French accent in The Game Of Love, it is likely Guy as well. As for the others, no one but the Robots themselves know. However, all the songs with the vocoder (as well as Digital Love and Something About Us) are Daft Punk. The linear notes simply say "Vocals: Daft Punk."
What about Something About Us?
Thomas (I think) did the vocals for it as well as the vocals for Digital Love.
Dosen't matter.
I guess no one got this reference? :(
Guess not. It's kind of sad.
womp womp :(
I got it! I bought that month's issue just for that article :(

Ah, amazing! But I wonder what that black aura is on his face?
That didn't look creepy at all
Yeah, I also hated it at first and ignored it for a few days. However when I was listening to RAM while kayaking last week it came on after the rest of the album and it's then that I recognized it was more than just spare parts. .I don't like it as much as the original track but it's not going to be ignored by me anymore. It's good background music and the progression of the voices throughout the song is just different enough from the original to make it enjoyable. .Is it my favorite track? No, but I can enjoy it from time to time 
While I did want more of the robots singing, I feel like the remix is more repetitive than interesting. I like how they switched up the chords in the beginning and I wish they did more creative things like that throughout the remix. 
I really like it, but I wish there was more of a Daft Punk feel to it (Which is how I feel about most of RAM). It feels more like Pharrell Williams ft. Daft Punk.
I like how we are doe voting someone's opinion when it's bad. But when it's good a ridiculous circle jerk starts
I listened to it once on Spotify. Haven't listened to it since. I kind of forgot about it, really. .I'd say I'm more apathetic on it than anything else. I understand it as  a "conceptual" release in order to make the single true to the concept of the album. So in that sense, they did a great job. But I don't really care about it beyond that..However, I LOVE the promo video for it.
When I heard Daft Punk were putting out a Get Lucky remix, I was hoping they'd perhaps rework it a little, give it a more Discovery vibe... but yeah, it's alright. I guess. Would have been better with a little less Pharrell and a lot more Daft Punk.
Unapologetically hate it. Daft punk made a good album, just not a good daft punk album..
I like it quite a bit.
Care to elaborate?
Listen to Conte's remix of daft punk on YouTube.. Then listen to daft punks official remix. They didn't add anything new, just rearranged it.  I heard better stuff from the fake leaks before the album even got released.
So you're saying Conte's doing a better job at being Daft Punk, and Daft Punk is failing at being Daft Punk?
Do you seriously want to tell me that the muppet band part of Touch is a great moment for daft punk fans everywhere?.There were some good songs, but a lot of it is blah.
You were waiting for the bass to drop weren't you?
<3
I never got this "Muppet Band" thing with Touch. Either way, the joke is old, let it fucking go..And I freakin' loved Touch. It's so inspired..Daft Punk have no strict formula. They've proven this with everyone of their albums. .Homework was acid-house, Discovery was pop/garage-house, HAA was rock and minimalism, and RAM was funk. .They're always experimenting. They haven't disappointed me yet, and I highly doubt they ever will.
So lets get back to the remix of Get Lucky..It's a straight up chop job in ableton..They went to all the effort of hiring the best session musicians, doing stuff the old fashioned way on the best vintage equipment, and they couldn't record anything new for their own remix? What.
No no no. Stop steering yourself out of your own arguments. If you wanted a bass drop, listen to some other generic shit. This is Daft Punk, stop acting like you know how everything should be planned out.
Daft Punk's remix was generic. .That's my point..edit: Let me put it this way: Would you like it, if it was done by some random kid on youtube? The only reason anyone likes half the songs on this album is because of the name of the artists.
I had to forget what the original song sounded like to enjoy the remix. It initially threw me because I kept expecting the lyrics and chord progressions to go a certain way. But now I really like it!
This is my problem. I feel as though remixing it with all the sharp cuts and static synth melodies is kinda goes against what the orignal stood for: dance music with human-played, live instrumentation.
I think its pretty much the standard kind of remix you'd get in the 70s, like the kind of stuff Giorgio Moroder used to. An extended cut of an existing record.
a random kid on youtube could not make that remix.  It was done using original cuts from the song.  Its a darker version of the original it isnt some bullshit house banger.  I dont know people wanted/expected that.  It is the original song re-mixed to sound darker with emphasis on the "All ends with beginnings"

It's pretty good but I still like the original version better. .I was kind of hoping they would just mash all of the songs together to make really different sounding takes (beat from this, with vocals from that, with riff from over there, etc), but they did something more challenging which is rearranging the pieces of the same song into a different composition..Most other DJ's/EDM guys do today do the easy thing which is just to speed it up and sub in a different more generic beat and call it a day (and maybe drop the bass a few times)..Despite the fact I like the original better I applaud them for doing something a bit more challenging than what was expected of them.
I think expectations were high. I like it alot, but it's not really a remix, just a DJ mix. And I'm ok with that.
My one issue with the remix is when Pharrell was singing the "I'm/She's/We're Up All Night" lyrics against the vocoded "We're Up All Night To Get Lucky", they cut off Pharrell singing "Get Lucky". It was a very jarring and distracting cut.
I don't mind if someone dislikes the song or RAM. But when their opinion is presented like shit and doesn't contribute to the discussion then it's worthy of some periwinkle.
It absolutely does. A lot of my friends keep referring to Get Lucky as Pharrell's track and it bothers me more than it should.
Well, I didn't like for around 15 minutes.  I've listened to it a lot, and I actually really like it now.  It has a completely different feel to it, even if it's not face-melting house like everyone hoped.  My favorite part is the promo video, basically having the moon instead of the sun.
The promo video is so fucking Daft Punk-esque. The first time I saw it my inner child got the best of me and I became giddy like a five year old.
Good Times, Nile Rogers 
Le Freak by Chic
The Strokes - Happy Ending (Julian Casablancas).N.E.R.D. - You Know What (Pharrel Williams)
where, how much, take my money
girl: "hey lets have sex"
me: "do u have the daft punk condoms?"
girl: "no, just reg trojan"
me: "no daft punk condoms, no sex"
So, who do I gotta throw my money at?
I don't have sex or a girlfriend and I would totally buy a bunch of those.
Are you me? Haha I would buy them in bulk and give them out to people/friends. 
That's what Pharrell means by "Get some"
TIL
is this real life? where can I get it?
:.
.
.
.
.
.

Brilliant marketing by Durex.
Either OP has tiny hands or these things are made for horses...

I don't get whether you're pro or anti Durex.
Whatever it takes to promote safe sex I suppose.
Is that a real thing?
I hope not. Seems kinda tacky. 
But... I sort of want it...
It would be cool to have, but I think it totally hurts the Fact Punk brand. You have these two secretive guys who's music progresses from album to album gaining more and more emotion.... And then you are going to make something with their logo that goes on your dick? Seems ridiculous. 
Who the hell is Fact Punk
Daft Punk is cool..Sex is cool..Daft Punk sex tools are cool..Besides, it's not like the robots are necessarily above . 
Oh my gosh... My phone did that. That's pretty funny. 
I have mixed feelings. One part of me says that that's tacky, another part says that it's a good use of advertising..But my whole body is saying that 
The song wasn't ONLY about sex, but that doesn't mean it isn't about sex at all.
Pharrell, you said 'getting lucky' didn't necessarily mean sex.
Didn't he say something about it "being in the moment and just about talking to a girl wherever" or something along those lines?
Does it matter? We all saw the collab video too... Pharell isn't god you know, people can perceive the lyrics how they want to.
Ok.....I was just asking a question. Apparently that's not allowed here _
Exactly; I'm paraphrasing but it was long the lines of 'when you meet someone for the first time and everything seems perfect'.

Doin' gods work, son. Thanks. 

Its weird since when you consider the other lines in the song..It really feels like Daft Punk is talking about themselves and their careers. .Their popularity died out for a few years, but they are back and bigger since tron.They have been making music a certain way for so long that they don't want to change who they are as musicians..Working all night to get lucky and make a hit song
Yeah, or maybe it like a reference to "the order of the phoenix" which was created to defeat you-know-who. And "We've come too far to give up who we are" must be a reference to the sacrifice Severus Snape made by going undercover, but still keeping his true alliance intact. Then they stayed up all night to fight the death eaters, and at the end Harry got lucky with Hermine.
Hit songs are not made from luck at daft's magnitude
I agree, the lyrics are pretty weird. Let's look at the lines you didn't pick out:.Inertia from the formation of the solar system? Is he saying that Daft Punk's career at this point is based on inertia from their early works?.Who's she? Where did she come from? Why is she up all night? What does this have to do with Daft Punk?.get some... pizza? This line really doesn't help the "it's not just sex" argument from Pharrell..Hmm... maybe "she" is a personification of Daft Punk's fans..Perhaps the gift for Daft Punk is the pleasure they get from seeing the enjoyment of the fans, and they never stop finding fans who love their music. Or, maybe their fans just keep giving them a constant flow of cash, which is a pretty thoughtless gift and therefore something you wouldn't wrap with a ribbon..The following iterations of "...up all night to..." replace "I" and "she" with "we," which suggests the singer and his quarry are now an item - or, with this interpretation, Daft Punk and their fans are now joined together in their pursuit of enjoyable music..If Daft Punk's fans want to stop pursuing good music and entertainment with Daft Punk, Daft Punk's okay with that? Are they planning for this to be their last album?.You wanna know what I really think inspired these lyrics? Nothing. I think Pharrell free-styled these up while listening to the beat and guitar, pulling some of it from things he had thought of earlier (the 'legend of the pheonix' meanderings) and filling in the rest with generic party-song lyrics. I think he then didn't want it to seem as shallow and incoherent as it was, so he retconned it to be about "the feeling you get when you meet someone special for the first time," leaving the inconsistencies open to interpretation. I don't think that's a particularly bad thing, I just think that's what it is.
you are amazing, idiot.
Never go full retard
Wait, they're saying "Together"? .I know it's part of the song, but I swear it sounds like 'Human After All'.
this is actually my favorite track of daftpunk

This is new to me. Thank you!!
go listen to the entire ., it truly is amazing
I have Alive 2007 but not the deluxe version. Encore is not apart of the normal version.
i think, this is one of the best EDM breakdown ever, that exact moment when bass cords enter, its one of my favorites.. every time i listen to it, turns me on hahah. Its awesome the way how the whole stage is off while Guy n Thomas are lightened on those red outlines
Me likes! 
Gross Beat (An FL Studio Plug in he used)

_
This is a perfect representation of what Touch is about. Good work!
As much as I or anyone else loves Daft Punk, I don't see this being something you'll be proud to show off in the future. But Daft Punk will always be good to . to : )
this belongs in r/wtf 
what the fuck have you done? what the fuck is this?
why man? 
I...uh...wow.
And this is why I got my Hybrid helmet tattoo as a Henna, so it would wash off. At the time it seemed like a good idea, looking back the design on skin looks pretty terrible. I might choose another Daft Punk design for an actual tattoo.
I think it looks just fine.
i think it looks cool
How dare you have your own opinion.
line work is rough, rough size choice, overall shading is decent but not GREAT. idk dude. not a great overall package. it might have just been the tattoo artist though, its a decent design.
a week later and I still think you're an idiot but hey, if you like it, whatever.
Yeah dude, I've gotta agree with the others here. It looks terrible
Don't wanna be hard on you man,.But it still looks like shit. Sorry dude. :/
downvote me all you want but that looks terrible and its terribly permanent to go along with that
I cant help but think that you will regret this.
Did you hear the album? Could have hit his soul. But yeah you gotta half sleeve that..  lil background of nebulas. Triangle.  
Proof that Brony musicians . put out good remixes that aren't just songs yanked from My Little Pony. I love this remix!
I actually rather like this. Sim Gretina does a lot of this sort of thing.. 
I quite like his Harder/Better remix too
As it seems that they're going to remix all of RAM they'd probably DJ the remixes
I but the new pyramid incorporates a place for live instruments in front of it. Daft could have played all their music with instruments if they wanted to
I believe they already announced they wouldn't be playing anything live, still dj'ing, but I have no proof of that.
they said if they tour again they would include all their music. so i can see a majority of it being them djing then play some live songs from ram
I hope a DJ set..They said it would NOT be RAM oriented, so that would seem counter-productive.
They could like put the live band on top of the pyramid . I don't know. Either way, they'd still find a way to put on a great show. 
It's really noticeable in .. His Polis album is full of samples. I remember hearing some Queen in one of the songs. Can't remember which song.
yeah I was only listening to Control though I almost fell off my bike when I realized it :D
I know one of his songs that sample Queen is called '.'.
I've never heard of Uppermost and just listened to Dixit.  That one is basically a remix/mashup of various DP songs.
Aerodynamic. Because it's the sound of my alarm clock. And my ringtone.
Something's in the air!
Touch.... Sweet Touch... YOU'VE GIVEN ME TO MUCH TO FEEL.
Something about Us. 
This might not be the right time. 
Around the world
That is one sexy song.
that guitar solo
Am I the only one who thought he said "Gone, into the air!" at first?
Fist time I heard it I thought it was "Love is in the air"
Human After All
Well that's uncommon
The humming part runs through my head all day..And the little amount of lyrics are so damn catchy!
That's why HAA is one of my favorite albums. 
I actually like it more than Homework.
So Do I, I think that it gets a lot of hate because of how rushed it was, but I think it just shows how talented DP is that they can make such a good album in such a short time.
Emotion and Human After All will continue to be in my top 5 Daft Punk songs of all time. When I first heard the album, I liked it. Over time I loved it. Now it's one of my favourite albums of all time.
Comb through me hair!
This is my favourite song by Daft Punk. Probably cliche, but goddamn it's incredible.
I can't stop singing the bass line!
I thought it was "fuck us in the air" but then I thought more logically and settled on "dolphins everywhere"
Ah yes. Don't want to get silly, now don't we?. God damn you, now I can't stop hearing "dolphins in the air"
One more time
we're gonna celebrate.
Oh yeah alright 
Don't stop the dancing.
(x144)
Sweet touch... YOU'VE ALMOST CONVINCED ME I'M REAL.
I need something more.... I NEED something....
...more.
Oh, and btw, you . do an AMA here.
I'll think about it, but I don't know if I could talk about all the sensitive details about being the brainwasher.
I'm sorry if I touched a nerve..I apologise for any hardships you've gone through. 
Thats alright I'll just make you forget it happened.
I AM THE BRAINWASHERRRRRR
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhoqoowowowowowowoeeeweeeoooo
That's the spirit!
I always thought it was go into the air, or into the air, OH!
I thought of everything i'd never regret....

Thats all we need because it's all we can take.
I might not be the right guy.
It might not be the right time

A kind of secret I must share with you...
Woah..Damn..Dayyyymn.
I just posted this the other day! It's a great tune and the whole album is also great.
It looks like one of the ice cream popsicles, mmm. 
Hey I have that as a sticker for my car, NICE!
thanks but no thanks
quality is kinda shitty imo
You must watch the . for this amazing song.

this song makes me feel things 
That's not Daft Punk, that's a Halft Punk edit..EDIT: Since you guys are clearly too daft to get it, I commonly refer to the individual members of DP as "Halft Punk"
It says Bangalter edit in the title. I doubt there is an r/Bangalter .

but there is r/shitmusic

Why, it's not a bad song. Anyways the original artists recently died. R.I.P Dj Mehdi 

Do people not understand I'm not complaining?
R.I.P.
awesome edit !
i lol'd at the album artwork . 
Get Linky!
Wow this is great! Totally a surprise. Would love to hear the final version when it's done
Here it is!  Enjoy.  
I was expecting something awkward, but this works pretty damn well. I like it.
this worked out much better than i expected
wow...aif? Awesome mashup though.
The first 15 seconds had me wondering how it'd turn out, but it just continues to get better, and better, and better...
but.. this is how they look like . They just switch helmets sometimes. robots gotta upgrade.
Ahh, yeah true. What am I thinking!?
Good for you.
Post is invalid, OP has already seen Daft Punk's real faces. 
Yeah, ..
And Thomas is a cyborg with a creepy-cool exposed brain connected to wires and circuits behind his helmet!
Actually thinking of doing this. Can't wait until you post the stencils.
My new shirt and tutorial with stencils is up, 
That's great! Thanks so much.
You're welcome.
Tomorrow I'll be doing a RAM shirt, if this gets good feedback I'll post it too.
I'd rather do that then buy a T shirt only. Please post stencil's for this one and RAM.
nice.. instructions?
Here ya go, 
Coming up soon
What do you use as the stencil?
I found some vectors of this and the RAM helmet, made them black and white and cut out the white parts. I'll post the link the both stencils later today.
Cool. Thanks.
Looks great!
could I get it in like a bright green?
That is utter shit. You literally used magic wand once, or something to select Thomas's helmet, then put it on a background with some transparency.
Wow that was really well made!
Trash, not crash.

They are all my favorites.
Alive 2007.Homework.RAM.Discovery.Alive 1997.Daft Club (if that counts).HAA
1 RAM
2 Homework
3 Discovery
4 Alive 1997
5 Alive 2007 
6 Human After All
7 Tron 
1) RAM 2) Discovery 3) Homework 4) Alive 2007 5) HAA

Okay, I'm going to justify these with reasons!
-RAM
As I am someone who listens to music for the pleasure of listening to music, not to dance, this album takes the cake. There is so much going on and it varies so much throughout it.
-Discovery
This is such an interesting piece of music as a whole. The hard hitting first few songs followed by a few repetitive songs hurts it a bit (Looking at you, High Life <_<). If not for that song, the album would be first. Both are very good though, other than that one song.
-Homework
Although I feel the album drags on songs such as Rock n' Roll and Rolling and Scratching, and get... plain weird on songs like Teachers, there are some great songs in here. However, I'm not a huge fan of house and this album isn't very interesting for me personally.
Human After All
-As stated above, I don't like repetition in music without reason. This album is /the definition / of needless repetition. The only songs I can enjoy on here are Robot Rock, Human After All and Prime Time. A lazy, poorly produced album in my eyes. 
1.) Alive 2007 2.) Random Access Memories 3.) Discovery 4.) Homework 5.) Tron legacy Soundtrack 6.) Human After All 7.) Alive 1997
1.) Alive 2007.2.) Discovery.3.) Human After All.4.) Random Access Memories.5.) Alive 1997

1) DiscoVery (something about us, all i gotta say mang)
2) Alive 07
3) Tron OST
4) HW
5) HAA
6) RAM(some good songs but not my cup of tea. really felt out of place imo. and who isnt tired of get lucky by now)
They're tied in 4th place because I don't like all of the tracks from both albums, but then again that's why I placed Alive 2007 in 2nd place..Also, Alive 2007 is just a hair superior to RAM, as I love RAM.

Nice. Same as mine, but in a different order.
I would have taken the time to elaborate myself, but I just don't think the people here would have taken it very well. I'm glad to see you did..As for High Life, I know exactly what you mean. If I had to hear that annoying voice repeat that meaningless babble One More Time, then I think I was going to snap. Even in the movie, it feels like it drags on. .As for your opinions on Homework/HAA, House is repetitive. It's good to some, not to others. I like it when I need to zone out. .And your final statement, almost contradicts what you said earlier, but I can understand it. The songs you said you liked on them were the most repetitive on the whole album. However, they're also the most well known on there..That album wasn't that lazy to me, it fit what it was going for, but it's not quite as good as it could have been. A few songs on there need to be removed or replaced to me.
I don't know man, It's not even that it's repetitive in hindsight, but just... not interesting. The one's i mentioned kept it interesting for me.
Also, to zone out i listen to Radiohead's more experimental albums.
I'm just hoping not to see Daft Club in here.
Alive 1997 actually isn't all that bad. But as with Homework, it's probably best to listen to it while doing something else.
Oh I'm not saying any of it is bad don't get me wrong, I just like Alive 1997 the least. 
Ah, alright. Alive is more of a mashup then Alive 2007. Not a bad listen IMO. 
Exactly, that's why I'm not saying it's bad... it's just not the best :)
Totally agree, I just commented because you hadn't listened to it completely. 
Your list is almost the same as mine.
1) Discovery
2) Alive 2007 
3) Alive 1997
4) Homework 
5) Random Acesss Memories
Nice. I keep meeting a lot of people who like RAM best, and that's all they've heard by them.
this
NO HOMEWORK??????????
That comes right after Alive 1997. Alive is more of a variety of music and its exciting/live and what not.
Yeah there's no way i'd be able to order them. They're all so different and convey such different feelings and messages
Daft Club? Higher than HAA?.HOW DARE YOU HAVE A DIFFERING OPINION THAN ME!
Someone actually likes Daft Club?
Geez, this'll be hard. Here goes:.1) Discovery 
2) Human After All
3) Alive 2007
4) Random Access Memories 
5) Homework
I'm not angry at all man. .Did you like Discovery due to the movie or the songs themselves?
Songs themselves. The flow of the album and the composition and use of samples is phenomenal. Daft Punk are the best band at using samples, especially on this album. There's only one song I think Daft Punk were lazy on with the samples. 
I dunno man, Steam Machine's a close second for lazy samples, but it's all a matter of opinion. .Personally, I love Homework, with all it's beats, and style switches, that you can tell are all part of one big style while listening to it, like it's all parts of one big song, with snippets of it taken out and placed in an order so you'll get all sorts of emotions listening to it..It's not even that that was their first album that makes me like it, it's just good to me. Listening to it and then Human After All right after though, you can tell they went from the first weird experimental style they had, to Hip Hop/Disco in Discovery, then to Industrial sounding electronic in HAA. RAM felt to me more like a... continuation of Discovery, and Alive 2007 like a continuation of HAA
I think you're mistaken. I don't think Steam Machine sampled anything. Do you mean it repeats itself a lot? 
Probably.
Yeah, Steam Machine samples nothing. It's just repetitive, like of the rest of the album you and I love.
It's the only one I don't really like on that album, but that's just because it kinda disturbs me. .Mainly because my sister misheard it as "sleep, to sleeeeeep" And now that's all I can hear when I listen to it.
Huh, fair enough.

It took me a moment to realised, then I was like."Oh. Ooooh. OOOOOOOOH!"
I wish I got it... I also wish I knew where those downvotes came from.
Everyone's here is the same in a differnt order.
Well, some of them have different albums in there, I just listed my top 5.
Kick me in the groin, but this makes me want a Kenny G smooth jazz style cover. 
STENCILS:
Submit this to 
do i need special paper, or i just can use regular paper?
i just want to make simple shirt, with ram logo.
Draw it myself, cut out and iron it onto tshirt.
is it possible? 
good stuff man thanks for this... if i ever get around to it, ill post it
why is the bleach orange? 
FFS now that I want to do something I can't find the fucking bleach!
Alrighty.
 It is, but probably not as good. :l.The first shirt I did, I didn't even use half of this junk. I just cut the stencil out on normal paper, slapped it on the shirt, sprayed and dried..This tutorial is probably more for solid/bold designs, or perhaps stencils that have small lines and spots..Or if you're like me and just like having the satisfaction of the 'perfect process' in killing time.
i want to use normal a4 paper, but is it even safe?
could it start fire or something? im just worried, never done something like this before, but damn, looks fucking awesome
I lol'd. If you mean a fire starting from the contact of bleach and A4 paper, not at all. I'd say the . hazardous thing in here involving bleach is getting a ton on your skin or clothes or something, but not even that should happen. 
okay guys, ill try this tomorrow. gonna post pic too. 
and if i burn my house down, you are all dead
FTFY
dawwww 
its baby's first troll
TL;DR - Magic.
Please tell me Chilly is doing a cover album of Daft Punk songs. He's probably the most talented pianist I've ever seen in years, or ever.
Well, he's already done a few. Look up his remix of Rollin' and Scratchin'. It's very different, but awesome.
Thanks, I'll be sure to get them out!
Haha I'm not entirely sure what I just watched but damn that man can play the piano.
already posted, several times :)
.

Hmm, did a link seach and didn't find it =/ Oh well.
Think of it this way: the Alive 2007 album is a recording of the concert..Basically, this tribute group plays the "studio" versions of these songs. Plus their own mixes. 
I'm going to the one in Baltimore. 
I'm not sure how they actually did it because I was too busy dancing. It's a fun show and the tickets are cheap. .Don't over-think this. 
Go to it man, I went to the one that played in my city and it was fucking great.
I would pay money to go see some DJs play strictly Daft Punk.
They mix other things.
It certainly looks like it would be awesome.
Like this:
From what I've seen, pyramid hand sign is pretty standard. .Hey, can anyone make an ASCII thingy of the pyramid sign?
At the actual concert: whip out your electronic device and record the awe-inspiring event taking place whilst creaming yourself..That's all anybody else did
Honestly people just do whatever the hell they want. Granted, I was pretty close so in the crush there's only so much you can do (I think I head bobbed?) but out in the back people were twirling..As long as you don't flail your hands and deck someone in the eye I think you'll be alright. 
Hmm I mean I can imagine tossing up the pyramid once they first come out and maybe while they are starting songs ( slow parts) 
PERFECT!
Once you free your mind about the concept of harmony, and dancing being 'correct', you can do whatever you want. So nobody should tell you what to do, and there should be no preconception of what to do.
What kind of paper is that?
Dat reflection.
Wow.
Shut up and take my money
This is the most incredible thing I have ever seen... He made use of the white colored pencil.
Daft reflection.  FTFY
Excellent gradients. Gets me in the mood to draw!
This is insanely amazing. Tell this man he has some raw talent.
Hey guys, a Daft Punk drawing made the front pa---.<smack> We Know!
It's one of the most frequently used colors in my set... almost everything needs highlights.
Well, I can trace, but I'm pretty sure I can't trace anything as close to amazing as this!
You've all but killed my dreams of drawing (For Fun)
Same, I now know if I ever try it  will never look as good as this :P
Just remember, photorealistic art is just one style, and when copying a photo exactly it's not even that great of a style since there is no reason look at it when you could see the original. The main reason to be able to draw at a photorealistic art is so that you can get the proportions and coloring down, at which point you are able to exaggerate and surpress any aspect you want to create your own style..TL;DR this is a fun gimmick, but no reason to give up on art
Thank you for saying this. Its also cool to go the other way around and take a character drawn in a very stlyized art style and make them photorealistic. I recently bought a poster featuring the main characters of Panty and Stocking (an anime that looks somewhat like Powerpuff Girls) and they looked as though they could  be real people.
I'll be the first to say it..I'm skeptical on how someone made such a detailed, high res drawing with thick . coloured pencils.. Sorry, I didn't realise the pencils were high quality. I've never seen pencils that thick/blunt that are high grade here in Australia. . All skepticism removed, this is %100 legit.
Mmm... I buy it, the blending looks like pencil crayon. Though the photo has definitely been passed through a filter of some kind to even things out and make the blacks look more blue..I wish more that this wasn't a copy of a common Daft Punk stock image, because the technique is really solid..edit: also, Prismacolors are indeed high-quality art pencil crayons, not low grade. :)
I'm still a bit skeptical. That fact it was done on cardboard that rough looking would've been a challenge. .If you look closely at Thomas's top left helmet, you can clearly see some pencil work there. When you look at Guy-Man's gloves it looks completely realistic. .(And thanks for pointing that out; fixed :]). All skepticism removed, this is %100 legit.
People can achieve some really lovely and realistic blending with pencil crayons. :) 
Apparently so, I never knew.
Its not cardboard, its just thick paper. This picture comes from the instagram account of a tattoo artist. Theres a couple progress pics for this one. Check it out yourself, the account is Wilsonart.
Holy shit, this is for real..I can confirm that this drawing is %100 real and remove all skeptisisim..Thanks, man, for showing me a source.
Maybe edit your original comment to say so.
Done!
Prismacolor? Low grade?
Stay lurking..OP, this is an impressive drawing, your friend has great skill. Thank you for sharing.
Link for the skeptics:

Well, yeah. RAM is a tribute to the 70s and 80s. 
I realize that, but this specific song really reminded me of elements of Random Access Memories, rather than something more general like "it sounds like the 70s and 80s".
Fair enough.
I hope they do more stuff with Paul Williams too!
I <3 you Nile!
I'm looking forward to Disco Sounds of 2014!
Fuck Yes! More Nile!
Awh yiss
Nile is amazing.
I just wet my panties
I did too, and I don't even wear panties!
Sploosh!
Toot Toot !
Toop Toop*.Sorry, 
It's OK! Thongs count too!!
All aboard the hype train! 
Sweet!.But I didn't quite understand the video though, so will it be Daft Punk ft. Nile Rodgers or Nile Rodgers ft. Daft Punk?
It sounds like Nile Rodgers ft. Daft Punk.
It sounded like Nile found some records Daft Punk was using for inspiration for RAM when he brought it up with Thomas and Guy, who asked if they could work with him on some of the unfinished Chic tracks they had laying around.
I personally think Lose Yourself to Dance, Get Lucky and Give Life Back to Music are some of the best & catchiest , if not even the best songs off RAM (if not all its songs are its best .); I think the 3 are the centerpieces of it; I'm so looking forward to this!!!
Give Life > Lose Yourself > Get Lucky
I'm pretty much the same but opinions are opinions
More like Lose yourself (get drunk) --> Get Lucky (get laid)--> Give Life (make babies)
Yeah, well, that's just, like, your opinion, man.
I think Touch is the centerpiece but those 3 are the juice that keeps it flowing
yeah; you're right!
is there any difference between the HAA masks and the RAM ones?
Very nice! Thanks man!
You should use a different pic for the Human After All one. That pic is the actors from Electroma. Look at the height difference between the two.
Guy-Man's wires are no longer exposed, the curvature is different on Guy-Man, and I believe colouring is different too.
Dem tron helmets!
Dont think so but the clothes are different.
Human After All and RAM are my favorite helmet/outfit ensemble. 
Apparently you didn't..Bunch of sharks, this site is.
Yeah apparently. I like those eras, thats all.
Sheen, mostly..Looks like they buffed the hell out of them.
Things dont really look like that lol its mostly photoshop
thatsthejoke.jpeg
I can see T & GM just slowly walking through an automatic carwash to clean their robot suits lol
While I didn't like the tron soundtrack all that much, those suits and cameo were really cool 
Anytime.
In each one, Guy Man looks taller than he really is!
Yay. This post again.
Oh cool, post about helmets. How refreshing. 
Some look like the same masks, intact it looks like they could possibly be the same mask in all of them, just lit up different.  Am I staing the obvious, or completely wrong? Feels risky posting this, I should just sssssst...
Annnnnnd this post again ... Sigh
Didn't someone just post a picture like this a couple of days ago?
Well people asked for one because i made a similar one only with their faces and not helmets.
The Masks(at least they look like masks...) on top look like some fucking nightmare fuel.
I never got what they were going for with that getup. What is that even supposed to mean?
It was France in the 90's, everything was avant-garde. 
MegaMan sprite. :)
Perfect for a Daft Punk toilet paper brand.
Homework still is and always will be my favorite album. It was a game changer for me in 1997. 
i prefer homework. i think it revolutionized the industry as the concept was that you can make a studio quality album from home... something unheard of at the time.  ironically RAM is about the opposite.  discovery is brilliant but was way more mainstream and it still doesnt trump the raw creativity and energy of homework and the memories it brings up. i looped that album constantly throughout high school.
Yeah Homework is just so visceral there are very few occasions when I can't listen to it. Discovery and their other albums require certain moods to make the most of them. 
This just in, music tastes change over time.
That's the point.
Discovery wasn't exactly well received when it first came out. Human After All got worse reception, if I remember correctly. 
I'm still not sure why. I liked Human After All more than RAM, and that's been getting praise all around.
I believe you do remember correctly.
I'm just praying that they make sure they're different heights, otherwise there's no point.
Are those the same as these? 
Yep i think so.
Right next to Batman? This category must be labeled "legendary"
Australia actually gets something for once. Too bad it's so over-priced :/
Not sure if Australia has Amazon because they're only like $25 on Amazon.

well shit the internet has beat me. 
Are they big or sort of miniature? 50 bucks is a good amount of money.
Everything here is overpriced.
i'd recommend ordering them off amazon. quite a bit cheaper. . 
Thanks! That seems like the better option.
The "Frequently bought together" made me double take. 
what's daft punk without power rangers? 
Mighty Morphing Daft Rangers?
I'd recommend not getting them at all.
Why not?
why? because it's an overpriced toy that has nothing to do with music...I cannot even imagine how big of a tool would one have to be to get these figurines...
Woah easy! And i would still get them.
meh, i think i'll wait until i can get one with their glitter suits.
I already have them on order about 1.5 weeks ago, worthwhile investment
Way over priced.
I would still get them tho.
Touch
Motherboard, it's almost foreboding. It haunts me (in a good way).
Fragments of Time. Brings back Fleetwood Mac.
Fragments of Time. Todd Edwards has a wonderful voice. 
Its a toss up between Touch and Doing It Right
I cant stop listening to contact, its just so great.
CON FUCKING TACT
Give Life Back To Music, as it was on day 1. Those chords in the intro right after the drums stop are some of the catchiest bits of music I've heard.
Give Life Back To Music. That first 16 seconds is one of the best album intros of all time IMO. Words can't even describe. Just incredible. Lobe hearing that opening hook. Chills..EDIT: Id like to add, and this sounds cheesy, but I love to stare at the album cover art during that intro. To me its like they go hand in hand. Just gives it more meaning and deep feel looking at that image. Try it!
Touch
It changes frequently for me first I liked Get Lucky then Within then Game Of Love then Fragments of Time then Beyond then Touch but right now I like Contact the most
And the Doobie Brothers!
i really love the robot bits in Lose Yourself To Dance, overall probably giorgio by moroder 
Beyond. When he says "You are the end and the beginning," i get chills everytime.
Keep playing back... these fragments of time... 
It sounds like soundtrack music (in an awesome way). Sometimes I wonder if it was adapted from some ideas that were cut from the Tron score. 
Yeah it does, it's real fun to daydream to.
There's no way it's your favourite track on the album, you're just attempting to differentiate yourself from the proletariat. 
What? It's my 2nd favorite
lol I'm not kidding I really like it
Or maybe it's his favourite track.
Gotta agree with OP. GBM has the most lasting appeal for me, although most of the songs are close.
I still love Within! 
Beyond. I never see anyone else pick it as their favourite, I think it's brilliant.
Am I the only one who likes Instant Crush? I feel like it needs more love.
Did you read the comments? It's the 2nd highest upvoted thing?
Oh, missed it... Well it has my up vote!
Doin' It Right
Give Life Back to Music
Instant Crush
I agree. Instant Crush is my favorite.
Just my opinion, but I found this video a little too busy. I think the soundtrack suits the uncut stargate sequence much better.
I've watched this at 3:58 in my country.
Almost pooped my pants......This is FUCKING AWESOME!
Opinion respected! We were trying to make the viewer really feel the intensity of the music, and we thought a good tactic to do that was temporal mixing, or rapidly switching between images to create a full picture. We understand that it is certainly not for everyone. But thanks for watching! :D
:D! Don't get me wrong still thought it was an awesome video, well put together and edited! 
This was awesome. Very creative editing and visual mixing techniques. I loved the homage to Enter the Void's intro sequence. 
why in the fuck would anyone do that ever?
I can understand recording onto a cassette tape if your car has a cassette player. I'd do the same thing if I knew how. 
Am I the only one who thinks that what you are doing is pretty cool?
What a twat
do you think you could make me a copy of Intertella 5555 on betamax or laserdisk?
Care to share an example?
I did the same thing with a tape cassette for an old ghetto blaster that we take to the beach. It felt super hip but hearing it through those speakers was pretty rad.

The things we do for karma. LOL
sick. can i have a v0 or 320 rip?
Reel to reel tape is the most badass of audio formats. 
Next step: Find a location of a time capsule that was buried in the late 70s/early 80s, dig it up in the dead of night, put your reel to reel tape in it, bury it again. Future people will think the album was actually from the 70s
Might as well go for Indented Tinfoil recording next; it's the only . way to listen to music.
Home Taping is Killing Music
Yeah, personally I prefer the wax cylinder. .But seriously, why? It won't sound any better than what your copy of RAM was recorded on. Does your car have a tape player? Is this a hobby?
Not a cassette tape, reel to feel tape. Just for fun, the tape machine has a tube preamp in it and a better headphone amp than my computer so it sounds warmer and fuller to me. But just for fun. 
But... this isn't the same as having the album on tape. You'd have to have an analog copy to create a real tape recording. With this, you're still only recording 16 bit/44.1k to the tape. It doesn't translate the way you're speaking about. It will certainly sound different, but it's not tantamount to a quality recording of the album.
It's creating an analog copy of a digital track, so yes the quality can only be as good as the original, but playing it back through this tape machine, On that particular reel of tape, The bitrate or compression are going to be the least of your worries quality wise. The machine is from 1968 and it's seen better days, the heads are noise and that reel of tape has been re-recorded onto so many times so there's heaps of bleed from the other side of the track. but playing it back through a decent pair of headphones with the volume turned way up adds a depth of warmth that makes all the difference to the sound. At least to me it does.
What?  Why?  I'm not sure what this is accomplishing.
Fun!
'Cuz everything else got too mainstream ...
'Cause mobility and vinyl are both totes overrated, man.


thank god for you sir
My favorite from Flight Facilities is Crave You (Version 2) :D
Nicely done :D
Digital Love.
no it's not daft its a different artist :(
Ahh right, sorry >< this is intriguing... I feel as though I've seen something like this before but can't match up an artist to it.
found it
Holy shit, this song is great, I can't stop listening to it. 
Are you new here? that's like 30% of what's posted to this sub
I've known about the sub, I just frequent it a lot. 
Here's my collection: 
Not mine, I saw this a few days ago, but I can't find the original-

The original content came from the Vinyl's booklet
where can i get this Very Disco wallpaper?
i have dual monitor setup, it will look pretty nice.
I know, I'm talking about who put the blueprints together to make the background.
 here is all I have. enjoy.
you are kidding me right?
1024x682 wallpapers? lel
I'm not saying I use all of them, I just dumped everything I had into a folder for other people to use. You can go show all your 1920x1080 wallpapers if you want. 

in the right hand of the the first guy it looks like a gun, and a foot is 12 inches. 
You're explaining this as Too Long's chorus, but the title clearly says Face to Face's chorus.
What?
You've got your songs mixed up, buddy.
Yeah...that's from Face to Face.
Ohhhhh..I didn't realise this was misinterpreted lyrics on purpose. My bad, sorry.
No prob, all good.
Can you please explain it?
I always thought it was.Never made sense, though.
With me instead of to me
Exactly, "Mr.Footlong" is "too long". And I can't draw hands for shit, so yeah it does look kind of like a gun. :p
OP you're gonna have to elaborate on this one.
"Doo-ahh,
face to face now,
face to face,
doo-ahh,
face to face now,
do you believe?"
Listen to the song. You'll know exactly what I'm talking about.
English is like my 3rd idiom so its kinda hard :p.edit: I see now but I could never figure it out just by the drawing XD
Don't worry dude, English is my first language and I never knew what the fuck that other voice was saying. I always thought it was "mr. fella". I never really questioned it, thought it could be some underground french thing I don't know about
"You are;
Just a furlong.".: an eighth of a mile, 220 yards.
I read that as "Thomas puts on his mask at around 1:00".. FML. That's what I get from browsing reddit at work, I can't focus on either!
Dammit, Thomas stop making us party!
oh my lord where can i buy that?
1:18 to be exact.
Thank you for this
This is pretty cool.. She also has a great blog
Haha, Hedi Slimane is a guy
oops.. well there you go
I like the DeWalt QuickGrip holding part of the grid together haha
Hedi you lucky bitch.
HERO HELMET.BACKUP HELMET....thought that was so cool!
I don't get it? what does it mean?
This picture:.When you're dealing with props, 'hero props' are the ones that are used on stage etc and backup props are obviously the backup in case the heroes get damaged..It was just cool to see those iconic helmets just chilling on that shelf, and I never really thought about where they were stored, or if they had backups.
woah! thats cool!!.I figured they had backups, I just wondered how does the storage work for the suits and stuff? I wonder if they always have them near by?.Like even when they were at Coachella this year did they have them near by just in case? 
WHY HAVE I NOT SEEN THESE UNTIL TODAY
Those are some of the greatest images I've seen, although I would love to see more of them while working on their toys inside the pyramid
How is this done/how hard is this to do? I need to know.
Color map of the sun on vinyl... yep your friend is awesome all right.
Incredible. I assume he made it himself?
I've never seen so much badass on one wall 
Then you havent been here for long, because there is a wall on this reddit, that has both of them.
does anyone have the original image of thomas in this?
I think there was never an "original image" as in a photo. 
I think he meant to ask if anyone had a vector version of the image...
Oh, you mean like this? 
I think those will work fine because they are such a high resolution, but just so you know a vector can be zoomed in infinitely because the lines are based of mathematical equations. Go . for more info.
Okay thanks for the information. I just thought vector versions would be in that style.
Nice Goldfinger score on the wall too, have that same vinyl in my collection.
was literally just in this apartment for a party a couple weekends back. small world, NYC is.
I would assume you get a giant projector, project an image (this one) on the wall, draw all the outlines and paint it in... but I would probs do it the hard way so...
At first I thought the "Misleading" was a smartarse way of saying it wasn't miraculous.
thats so perfect
BEAUTIFUL!
So, why is it sped up by 9.09 percent?
>909
to avoid copyright troubles.
Website's down :(.What's the music and gif?
It's . and Technologic playing.
My favorite part is the wrong cover art for "Technologic"
no you didn't....this is just a xpost from .....

Wait, this is nu-disco? 
That whole album is excellent. I think . is the highlight.


I think this mixtape deserves more views! 
Great album.
Check out some of Breakbot's mixtapes. They're all 


There's even a . subreddit
Here is a list of video links collected from comments that redditors have made in response to this submission:
Breakbot has a remix of Phoenix's Trying to be Cool that is just pure delight to the ears.!
Breakbot has been my staple for a long time. Especially since I play GT5, the Multiplayer Room music is PNAU-Baby (Breakbot remix)
Why? is the best.
This post made me buy the album and I'm really liking it so far.
Try out ., very Michael Jackson-ish
Yeah, it was pretty good. 
I think it's important to point out that this album came out last September, in case anybody thinks this was inspired by RAM.
 is the non-mobile version of this site.
It bears a  .  . resemblance. 
There is a song in my head that bears a very strong resemblance to Within. I heard it at some point in my childhood. Can't find it though. The melody is almost identical, but the sound is more alien, not conventional piano. I'm resigned to not finding it any time soon...
Please find it.
I'd go with . resemblance.
Totally agree on that... it's like Daft Punk used it as an inspiration
Sexy
I assume they'll crank out another album before the next Alive tour. That way, they have more content to use and it won't sound a whole lot like 2007.
No one knows
My epic dream is an ensemble of musicians, an orchestra, and Thomas and Guy leading the music, mixing both their classic EDM sound plus the RAM sound with live instruments, oh and Nile and perhaps some of the other collaborators. 

It'll happen. Why wouldn't it happen? 
They said in an interview they would use older tracks as well as RAM. They also stated that what they did in 2007 was 5 years ahead of its time and when they decide to tour they want to do something revolutionary.
It will be magical.
Same
 The implication is that I use it to listen to Daft Punk. Which I do.
Dauft Puwt?
Are you from Australia OP?
My thought too, i noticed the victorian P/L plate.
Yeah I am! What made you guess?
Ha the L/P Plate!
SA actually, probably the same though

Are you from Australia OP?  ( ^_^) .Let me fix that for you (automated comment unflipper) 
And where can one aquire such a sticker? 
I bought mine from this place.Bit expensive but the quality is great!
Try eBay, that's where I got mine!

Damn it, nothing for fans in Germany :(
Nothing anywhere on Amazon?? I'm shocked (and sorry...), car decals are pretty much the most common thing to find on Amazon, in the US.
I think its more directed towards the fans of DP. All anyone cares about is "Oh I need to see what Thomas or Guy look like without helmets, I need a music video, I need an Idol to worship" etc. .DP doesn't want you to focus on them, they do not want to be celebrities. They want to spread their vision of music. .But it feels more and more everyday like all anyone here cares about is celebrity bullshit. 
lol swagfag
Bottom half is this subreddit.
this couldn't be more accurate. 
This is a terrible comparison because it talks about the band then it talks about the fans which I don't think are like that or at least I have never seen fans like that. This is awful. Also I think Daft Punk are still like that. We don't celebrate them we celebrate the robots and their music, or at least I do.
It doesn't describe the fans, it describes the "fans". The pop music listeners who have only heard Get Lucky and think they are Daft Punk experts. And it does a great job describing them. I know too many people like that.
Oh, than it is sad that these people exist. Their lives could be so much better.
RAM has caused a lot of discussion, much of it mixed opinions.  Some people are really into daft punk for the first time ever because they are pop listeners and Get Lucky has stormed that scene.  You have others who view themselves as daft purists that look down on these people and RAM because of how it has brought in a new breed of listeners.  At the end of the day, my opinion is such; yes there are plenty of people out there claiming to be daft punk fans because of one song, and they couldn't name you another album, song, or our beloved robot's names, in order to save their lives.  Instead of getting angry at them, instead of ranting, instead of disregarding, introduce them to the rest of what Daft Punk has to offer.  I was talking to one of my couple friends who weren't a daft fans, but both of them really enjoyed Get Lucky.  I convinced them to give me a bit of their time and I sat them down in front of my TV and threw in a copy of Interstella 5555.  They were entranced the entire way through and it eventually opened the doorway to the rest of the band's works to these people..TL:DR - Help the misguided/naive/band wagoners find the full Daft Punk experience, because we are all just Human after all.
As a new fan, I'm proud to have found this sub, and enjoy Daft Punk's entire music, not just RAM, in fact, I listen to Discovery more than RAM 
Absolutely agree. I got into Daft Punk around the release of the Discovery album back in the early 2000s from a small clip of Interstella 5555 on MTV. I was only about seven at the time, so I couldn't get enough of it and I still don't. It's a big claim but it's my favorite album. I can listen to it anytime and never get bored. .Yet with RAM, which I equally love, I see a lot more people claiming to be DP fans and instead of berating them or making fun of them, I attempt to let them know of the other albums because what's the point of getting angry over something so trivial? There will always be people who like something after hearing a specific song of theirs. I found Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds after hearing "Red Right Hand" in Scream. 
Guys..It's a joke..Edit: Formatting
If it is, it's still true. Regardless, I'm still a fan.
Wow. 
I'm not saying everyone acts like that,  but the truth is that most people do. Daft Punk isn't like that, and not many people of this subreddit are, but it is true that a lot of people just heard them on the radio and now feel like they know everything about them.
When you said "it's still true" it sounded like you were implying that you agreed with the captions on the pic.
I feel as though the bottom part is accurately describing the majority of their fans they got from radio publicity, not Daft Punk themselves. 
Despite your point, like I said, your first comment didn't seem very welcoming.
Okay, sorrry for that then. Just bad word choice.
Are you a member of the . welcoming committee or something
What? Are you serious? 
...am I already supposed to know the answer to this

In all seriousness, Brian de Palma was going to direct the video for Touch but that didn't pan out
I still wish they would have left Pharrell off Get Lucky and had his RAM presence solely remain on LYTD. The question is: Who could've given Get Lucky its "star power" for it to be the first successful single?
I've wondered the same thing. 
Daft Punk first scheduled a collaboration session with Hall and Oates, but on reflection realized that Hall and Oates are actually Daft Punk. Thomas still wears the Oates wig every now and again.
Daft Punk recorded an entire track with Jimmy Buffet (Called Nights), and were ready to release it, but in the collaboration video Buffet spent the entire time reciting margarita recipes so they had to scrap it. 
Daft Punk had a session scheduled with Hologram Tu-Pac but the hologram machine isn't built to work on the European power grid. Also: Guy-Manuel has a phobia of holograms.
As a joke, Thomas suggested a collaboration with DJ Tiesto. This is the only instance where Guy Manuel has ever laughed. Thomas recorded Guy-Man's laughter, which can be heard at the very end of Contact.
Can you give me a link to the interview?.Guess I must have missed that one.
There's a radio interview with Pete Tong, BBC, where he asks the guys  why Pharrell says he doesn't remember anything; Guy laughed there as well.
. Considering you're making up all your other comments, I doubt the story behind it is true. 
They had a session with Kanye, but the croissant he ordered never showed up so he was too angry to put anything down. This incident would be the basis for the track "I am a God" off of his latest album. 
I actually like Drake for the most part.
come on guys, drake is fucking awesome!.here's some great drake songs, especially if all you've heard are his singles and haven't been too big on them (also, it's important to remember his features and singles can seem a little stupid and ridiculous because they're kind of meant to be. so many features by great rappers are terrible, ie: kanye on katy perry's E.T).-- beat on this tune is amazing.-- my favourite song for him lyrically, along with . and .edit: well that's what i get for trying to introduce people to music they mightn't have heard, and stop some of the unwarranted hate.  _()_/
His early mixtapes were the shit
5am in Toronto is a great song and ranked pretty high on Rap genius's top 50 songs of January through June. 
Drake is a hit or miss artist for me. I love, love, love some of his true hiphop songs (ignant shit, lord knows, over my dead body, over, show me a good time, up all night, miss me, thank me now) but some of that pseudo R&B he does feels really half-assed to me. Those songs kind of remind me of a less talented version of the weeknd, but to each his own.
Marvin's Room was fantastic, man. I love his R&B. 
I completely agree with you. Overall I love drake but, some of the stuff he comes up with that are his most popular like the motto or hyfr, I don't really take those songs seriously. I love the songs that don't get blown up all over the place. Like Cameras and look what you've done are great underrated tracks.
Different stokes I guess. I love his rap songs but his r&b doesn't do it for me 
guys..guys..what if I told you OP was simply making a joke and can like both?.wouldn't that just blow your little minds?
no drake sucks daft punk is awesome!!!!!
guys..guys..you can like something without hating something else.
Who's hating?
I am also hating, fuck drake and his commercial "rap"
Oh get over yourself. Fucking Daft Punk is just as commercial if not more so. Get Lucky is all over every radio station right now.
What does that have to do with the quality of music? Nothing. Just because the masses love daft punk, doesn't make daft punk's music any less incredible. Drake is garbage, and if you like him you either A. Don't know real hip hop and rap or B. Are a hypebeast teenyboppper with the musical preferences of a 14 year old girl.
Ever since RAM came out this sub's been going downhill IMO.
Obligatory plug for ..
Holy shit, thank you. This is hilarious. 
I am .....drake is fucking so lame. Baby thighs Hip hop made for ladies and chumps with soft earlobes.
Also, you can make a litte fun of something/someone because of a funny word-combination without actually HATING anything.
Sounds really sweet, well done.
Thanks!
really sweet! there a download link?
My fault, it should be available for DL on soundcloud now. 
So, i'm kind of unsatisfied with this version so for any interested there should be a new, slightly edited version up tonight. 

 the actual disk
Wait, what? I remember reading that these were only released on vinyl? Was there a reissue?
 is where I bought my vinyls from Thomas' Roul label. I highly recommend Trax on Da Rocks 1 & 2 and the Music Sounds Better With You single by Stardust. They sound amazing on vinyl.
omg I need "Music Sounds" on vinyl asap!!!
Where did you get it?
I got it off someone on discogs
Does he still have a copy?
He has three more copies 
Oh, hehe, i thought it was vinyl. Cool though
I was planning on them being my next buy! 
Just started a vinyl collection myself, the jealousy is OVERWELMING!!
It reinforces the lyrics and progression of the song. A child becomes unwittingly aware of the temporary nature of life (seeing everyone in skull-form) and before she realises it her, herself has passed the prime of her life (childhood/adolesence) and is now one of the old 'dead' people and is wising she could go back to those blissful early years and relive them to the max - "the prime time of your life / now, live it / the prime time of your life...". 
Her life is speeding and it isn't stopping. The prime time of her life seems to fade away at ever increasing speeds, approaching death. This matches up to the latter segment of the song as the track's tempo literally increases.
This is just my interpretation though =D
Drugs
I'm actually kinda happy because after 5 months of listening to DP's music regularly, I've began to enjoy HAA.
I was the same when I first seen the video a total "what the fuck did I just watch" moment, but none the less a great video, not one I watch quite frequently due to the creep out factor though  
 there is no need to be upset
pretty disturbing to me 
Trying to be like your heroes (in her case her grandmother and mother), and doing something harmful in the process (ehr.. dying)
I think I read about this video and it went along the lines of:."The meaning of this video is to live your life and be yourself. Don't try to be someone else because you'll be taking away your happiness.".something like that.
Young People + Media
Yup. All of Human After All just gives off this subtle anxiety.
Also, hence On/Off
Can you explain the significance of On/Off? 
It can be viewed as a subtle hint to the power of television even when you aren't really watching it. it's just mixed messages.
Turn off the TV. It rules the nation.

I think it is about anorexia; She saw everyone as skeletons and herself as much larger than she actually was. Then, she tried to become like them and died in the process.
The razor blade she uses to cut off her "fat" is symbolising people cutting themselves for not being the pretty supermodel they think they should be. Which is why it's excellent directing when they cut to the real world after she cuts her skin off. 
Yes you are right. That combined with TV showing unrealistic looking people influenced her to want to become skinny.
Your title is pretty misleading btw. 
Neat. I think some of the RAM vinyls had 'If love is the answer you're home' etched in on them in a similar way.
That's great man. Well done!
Looks ok, but not very creative.
I feel bad for the singer. It's hard to compare to Romanthony's voice.
i like it but they changed from song to song too fast. they give you a taste of a song and then it doesn't pay off because 4 bars after start a song, they are on to the next one. you gotta let it breathe!
It sounds so good with the orchestat but
I expected them to play Get Lucky at the end :D
This video is 2 years old, they didn't have get lucky then
Ohh...Thanks for the info  :)
I hope that this isn't a repost.EDIT: BTW music starts at 1:08
All I know is that they'll release a remix of the whole album starting from Get Lucky.
They stated that they had no plans to do a remix album, but were remixing Get Lucky and might do some other remixes. Somehow people twisted that and started believing that they were going to release an entire album, which is exactly what they said they . planning to do..From Thomas: (in the May 17th edition of mixmag)
"that will be out at the end of june".They make it sound like it took longer than five minutes.
I'd assume so. 
They have never said that
Yes they did. They said they're looking forward to remixing themselves. It's something they've never done before. 
"some mixes", not the whole album...
and yes, they did remix themselves
Well according to Thomas they haven't remixed themselves before. 

according to Daft Club they remixed themselves 


There's nothing in that (or any interview) to suggest that they're working on a remix album. They said they were planning on "some mixes." People are really stretching the shit out of that quote. 
Right my bad, they'll remix some of the songs, not the whole album.
MILES better than Daftside, in my opinion.
What's not to love?
How to rip the soul out of RAM vol. 1
Agreed, but I would prefer it without the clubby stabs in certain sections.
It's also very similar to 
I'm glad I'm not the only one who noticed
I can see why you guys think this.... but no
RAM came to be after making the Tron soundtrack because they wanted to use and experiment with live instruments. There are vague similarities, but they are totally different songs.
but yes. the middle of both songs sound similar.
They just breathe cool. They don't even need to try. It's not fair.
damn i love those suits...
What's the resolution?
3000 x 2059 but I can scale it down if you want.
1366 x 768 .Thanks!
 .There ya go!
Can you link both colour pics without text in 1680 x 1050 and 1920 x 1080?
 Enjoy!
You're a superstar. Thanks man!
Guy is like "Oh, pony!"
I got mine a few days ago, all the record stores near me are selling dozens for 6 each.
Alright. Mine might be a little late then, I really have no idea. I'd have to check through all the possible outlets..Anyone who HASNT gotten theirs yet?
Mine arrived on the 15th...
Huh. Where do you live out by?
UK. Not sure when the official release was here though. 
Mine is coming from amazon, and they said it would ship July 23rd.
Californian, mine came on the 15th.
I feel it could of been structured out to about 10 minutes i feel 5 minutes isn't enough for 10 songs 
This feels like ALIVE smashed into five minutes-not that that's a bad thing.
This is just a few parts form different songs on the soundtrack quickly used.
I loved this movie so much.
@:25 I feel like the announcer guy need to break in and say "In a world...." followed by some dramatic description in the announcer guy voice.
Wait. According to the upload date, was this really a leak three months before the release of the soundtrack? 
you're wrong dude. it is this

take you tube link to this site. 
Iamamiwhoami, Crosses, Justice, Crystal Castles, The Knife, Fever Ray, most Italo disco, ABBA, some metal, MIA, Goblin, Gatekeeper, too many other things to list. 
Daft Punk is pretty much the only electronic music I listen to, so I mostly listen to rock. I like The Who (my favorite band), The Ramones, The Beatles and Pink Floyd (I've only heard Dark Side of the Moon though).
I've been on a huge LCD Soundsystem kick lately.
I like justice a lot.
OFWGKTA
SebAstian, Justice, C2C, DJ Mehdi, Cassius, Kavinsky, Muse, 30 Seconds to Mars, Linkin Park, J Cole, Kid Cudi, Jay-Z, Eminem
My favorites include Broken Social Scene, Grizzly Bear, Justice, Local Natives, Flying Lotus, Tycho, Kanye West, Disclosure, the XX, deadmau5, Shlohmo, the Arcade Fire, Animal Collective, Emancipator, Empire of the Sun, Eric Prydz, Gramatik, Sigur Ros, Vampire Weekend, and many more!
I consider Meddle to be Pink Floyd's best record.
Stuff similiar to Daft Punk: Justice, Breakbot, Flight Facilities, C2C.Other Stuff: Kendrick Lamar, Kanye West, Nujabes, Fitz and the Tantrums
Chemical Brothers, Underworld, Orbital, Hybrid, The Prodigy, LNA, M83, Booka Shade,Daze,Kavinsky,Justice,Deadmau5,Chromeo,ILS,Cut Copy, Hot Chip,Disclosure and like another ~2700 artists.
Nice link to DP there :)
Radiohead, Deadmau5, Alt-J, Tupac, The strokes, Gorrliaz and The Noturious B.I.G. I listen to everything.
I'm in the same boat on Daft Punk really being the only electronic music I listen to.  I listen to more rock than anything, but I would say I love progressive rock most.  Favorite bands are Rush, Floyd, and Tool.  
Avicii, seriously guys? He's fucking lame
Why do you say that? Levels is a sweet track, always gets me fucking amped and ready to take on the world
I can tell by your username
I have absolutely no idea what my username has to do with anything, and you didn't even say why you don't like him
Dubstep is cool to hate now, and because Avicii is popular.
DubstepCheetah is one of the only good contributors to this subreddit, so please just shut it..Music is music, some of Daft Punk's fans are so fucking close-minded like the pop-lovers they mock..Levels is an absolute banger, just because it's overplayed DOES NOT change that.
Paul Jonson
DJ Funk
DJ Sneak
DJ Rush
Waxmaster
Hyperactive
Jammin Gerald
Brian Wilson
George Clinton
Lil Louis
Ashley Beatto
Neil Landstruum
Kenny Dope
DJ Hell
Louis Vega
K-Alexi
Dr. Dre is in the house yeah
Omega in the house
Gemini is in the house
Jeff Mills is in the house
DJ Deya
DJ Milton
DJ Slugo
DJs on the low
Green Velvet
Joey Beltram
DJ Else
Roy Davis
Boo Williams
DJ Tonka
DJ Snow
DJ Pierre
Mark Dana in the house
Tom Allen's in the house
Romanthony's in the house
Ceevea in the house
Luke Slater
Jerry Carter
Robbert Hood
Paris Mitchel
Dave Carter
Van Helden in the house
Amanda in the house
Sir Jordan's in the house, yeah
Mr Oizo, Danger, Todd Edwards, Nine inch Nails, Ratatat, Rhye and loads of others
If you like daft punk & kavinsky and haven't heard of danger please check it out..
.
.
& 
i do listen to danger, i think you replied to the wrong person man.
Kanye, Jay-Z, Joey Bada$$, The Black Keys, Raphael Saadiq, D'Angelo, Erykah Badu, J Dilla, Madlib
Black Keys!
Justice,Deadmau5,DJ Falcon,Pendulum,Avicii,many EDM DJ's, many french house atrists :)
The Mars Volta, The Black Keys, Passion Pit and Matt and Kim .
Stardust (features Thomas), DJ Falcon, Kraftwerk, Daze (.), I'm also starting to get into the Gorillaz 
Stardust only has one song..
I know, but that one song is awesome. 
Very very awesome. Also check out 
Death Grips, Animal Collective. other typical /mu/-core.
Uppermost, Kavinsky, Justice and Empire of The Sun.
Aphex Twin, Squarepusher, Cassius, The Prodigy, Ratatat, Basement Jaxx, Justice, Digitalism, Faithless and Hadouken.
Yay digitalism. I fucking love those guys
Digitalism; seriously check these guys out, they're fan-fucking-tastic (House/Pop kinda deal going on).Justice (French House I believe).I'm a . Kid Cudi fan (hip hop, but not like most hip hop).Crystal Castles, these guys aren't for everybody, but they kick ass (kinda 8 bit style harsh electro pop, hard to describe).Boys Noize (house, lots of gritty sounds and robot voices).Alt-J (super chill music with a rad vocalist).Die Antwoord (South African rave rap, pretty fuckin' dope).The Glitch Mob (Dramatic orchestrial electronic stuff).Feed Me (Mostly house, tiny bit of dubstep).Krewella(Dubstep/Electro-Pop).Knife Party(harsh house thanks .).Sbtrkt (kinda like if you infused electro pop and tribal african music, kinda).xxyyxx (super super super chill ambient stoner background music)

Feed me and Knife Party are both house.Justice's first album was French Electro House and the second was Progressive Rock with House Elements, or vise versa.
Feed Me might be a . bit, but knife party is not house. Not dubstep usually either, I just got lazy and i'm not great at putting things into sub genres
All of Haunted . was Horror-House, as was most of their two first EPs
you know what you're definitely right. I'll edit my comment
Also, Glitch Mob is glitch ;]
yes, but i feel like that description doesn't quite do their sound justice

I'll just quote what The Glitch mob wrote on their facebook:
Well, this post is useful for electronica newcomers, and correct labeling  would be very helpful for our new friends.
Hahahahaha, yeah I get that a lot
Camaro Kidz, justice, daze, deadmau5 those are some. 
Lemaitre!
I'm a big fan of Pegboard Nerds, Stephen Walking, Porter Robinson, Coldplay, Jerran Benton, Jason Mraz, and the odd edm track from a random artist. 
I'm a big fan of Justice, DJ Medhi, Cassius, Breakbot, Avicii, Porter Robinson, Zedd, Dillon Francis, Passion Pit, Two Door Cinema Club, Giorgio Moroder, Peter Frampton, Donna Summer, Michael Bubl, Kanye West, Jay-Z, 2 Chainz (yeah, I know), and some trap artists.
Tame Impala, The Strokes, Justice, Casablancas, Phoenix, M83, ELO, They Might Be Giants, and a bunch more..Feels a bit dumb to be posting this, as this is exactly what everyone else has already done, but oh well. There it is.
I'm seeing Tame Impala later this year! Pretty new to them but they're awesome.  And I love that you put They Might Be Giants.  I know a lot of people see them as a joke, and while I don't listen to them every day, I think the Johns are really great song writers.  Also love the Strokes and Jules.  I'm curious what you thought of their new album.
I loved their new album.  It seems to be heavily influenced by Julian's solo work, which I'm a big fan of.  And yeah, They Might Be Giants are quite niche, but I've always listened to them so they're a bit of a classic for me.  I do agree though, I don't listen to them all the time, but they're a fantastic group.
I agree about the new album.  There were a few songs that I liked right away but some (like One Way Trigger) took a couple listens to really enjoy. But as a whole I like it a lot too.
Beck, Breakbot, Radiohead, Justice, Beatles, Pixies, The KLF, ELO, White Stripes, The Clash, Muse, Cherokee.
I've been getting into music that's similar to RAM tracks lately..Steview wonder - I wish, Superstition, High Ground.Electric Light Orchestra - Mr Blue Sky, Shine a Little Love, Alright, Evil Woman.Alan Parsons Project - Some Other Time, Breakdown.When I fee like some more electric taste:.Griz.Breakbot.Uppermost.Justice.Ratatat.If you know any more artists similar to the first group, and RAM let me know!
Pretty much every artist to work for Bemani. Those guys are so fucking talented.

I like Flume, Burial, Ratatat, and Justice and Starfucker a little.
My playlist mainly consists of music by these artists:
Pink Floyd, RHCP, In Flames, Eurobeat Brony, The Living Tombstone, Dragonforce, Daft Punk, Lynyrd Skynyrd, Volbeat, Led Zeppelin, Lindsey Stirling and The Offspring.
Foals, gorillaz, killswitch engage, korn, megadeth, metallica, nirvana, pantera, rammstein, slipknot, trivium, two door cinema club, vampire weekend and van halen.
I've been listening to Kanye for like a month straight now.
Absolutely. I've been alternating between Yeezus and RAM on repeat most days.
Bound 2 makes me cry, something about him looking out over his past, recognizing his issues and hoping to remedy them ("Maybe we can make it to the church steps"..."But first, you 'gon remember how to forget") is really emotional
I like the Gorillaz, Giorgio Moroder, Passion Pit, Muse, the White Stripes, and Ratatat, as well as just Orchestral/Soundtrack music, Jazz, and game/chiptune music
deadmau5
Really?
Everyone has opinions.
don't downvote this guy if you don't agree with him, let's not misuse that button guys. Maybe it's time to brush up on your reddiquette
Chic, Justice, Breakbot, Daze.
I LOVE DAZE SO MUCH. We are talking about that Daze, right?
I don't know, if there's . you should ask my ..
, that's definitely ..
I really like ..
Discovering it was a real . on my part.
How the FUCK is there no SebastiAn love in here? . and . even stated .He has a very unique library, as he specializes in . .
, but tends to stick around French Electro and Electro Funk..To see him taking a picture with our favorite Androids, see 1:05 in . .My favorite tracks, going from soft to hard. (Featuring Gaspard from Justice). (Daft Punk's ALL TIME favorite remix of one of their works!).And my personal favorite, the experimental metal-house song .Also check out . 
Also his album cover rustled many Jimmies :p. Seriously, Sebastian is up there as one of my favorites. I'm pumped for the new album he's supposedly working on.
I just want the full studio version of La Marseillaise
I would extend the vocoder section a little more in 'Get Lucky' specifically the ("Were up all night to get back together, were up all LETS GET BACK TOGETHER") part. . this 
YES YES YES that is my ultimate gripe with RAM
Saxophone!.
Joking, joking, although I deserve the downvotes that are coming my way :)
Oh the internet, where everythings been done.
I'd probably get them to edit and tweak the sample in HBFS more, as is its pretty lazy
Whenever I hear Touch I think that the few lines after "you've almost convinced me I'm real" should be vocoded.  I feel like that would add a lot to the song.
You made me cry just thinking about it. :(
Yes!
Really dig this.
Cool, gonna check out his other stuff
 also reminds me of Something About Us. 
That was awesome.
Wait...these are the same ones from before, right?I pre-ordered these back in May already shwew
I'm not much for figurines, but... fuck. I'm getting those for sure.
They're $45 each
can we remove the helmets?
Probably not, but I would hope it would . underneath
It would be so great if they pull a publicity stunt for RAM or something where they are at a crowded place with a lot of press around with cameras at hand and two hooded guys run up and yank their helmets off, revealing .. Then, the hooded men just stand there in disbelief as Guy and Thomas snatch their helmets back and put them on, then quickly exit the scene, maybe with some big men in black suits leading them and the hooded men away..Yeah, that would be so cool.
My thoughts exactly.
Found them on Amazon for $45, preorder though.  Not available until December.  In case anyone's interested.
Just FYI, found 'em on Amazon Canada and the preorder says they'll be released in October if you wanted to try and get them earlier. ..

Wha...wha-wha-.Woah. 
man your girlfriend must be totally awesome and super attractive! ;D
And she got me 200 karma! What more could I ask for ;)
This would be a must-buy for me if it came with an Alive pyramid.
have we found the third member of Daft Punk?

Finally the question of whether or not Daft Punk are members of the Power Rangers has been confirmed.
I'd rather have RAM era figures. 
You know what'd be awesome? If that set-up was a docking station that flashes to your music.
You know what'd be even more awesome? If they actually did a tour where you could go see them play live music.
Nothing is more awesome than that.
except maybe, Daft Punk playing at your house (your house!)
I stand corrected. :D
MOAR! Please! That was wonderful! .I love both those songs, but even if I didn't know either of them, this touches something inside!.May I have some more, please?
This was amazing
I like this mashup better, Rock with you and get lucky. 
shits on pharrell
More Girl Talk? I love him, . his latest "album" on Spotify.
I think that's his second-last album? But it's probably the best by him so no complaints :P
You're right! I forgot he did All Day since then, but it's not on Spotify.
So good!
I'm utterly speechless and saddened about this. I'm blown away by how well these songs match and heartbroken because of the death of MJ.
Would've been something special if he collaborated with DP now wouldn't it..
A part of me feels both he and the duo would have agreed to make some hits. One could only imagine......
The sound quality for this is much better than what I was expecting.
Girl Talk posted this video on his FB wall.  Perhaps he synced the original mix with the live show footage?
Need someone to make a full version of this with his ques.
Why would you stop recording!!!
Holy shit, this is amazing.
Here is a different good mashup with the same two songs! 
Thanks! I like this one, too, but the other one seemed to touch something deeper inside. I can't explain what the difference is, but the other one made me want to cry happy-music-tears!
My panties dropped....wait i don....
Well I liked that a lot 
My good lord, that was good. Two of my favourite songs mixed together. Someone needs to make a full version of this. 
Get Lucky really is Daft's homage to Michael.
A Daft Punk x Micheal Jackson song would have been dope.
wow
That was pretty good IMHO.
I'm on record at theDaftClub that if MJ wasn't gone, he would have done all Pharrell's parts and then some..edit: I'm aware that means nothing.
...but it was a nice thought!
Definitely. .Or at the very least they would have approached him and he'd have said no because for SOME REASON the man only wanted to work with has-been hacks in his later years (Will.i.am, Akon, Fergie, etc.).And I say this as a MASSIVE MJ fan.
Uhh, Will.I.Am, Akon and Fergie were far from has-beens when MJ was reaching his final years
I wonder if Thomas and Guy ever met Michael Jackson.
They prolly all rode the neverland rollercoasters together.
Oh my god I need this as a full song.
You mean like .?
This will end up as an EP or Remix posted somewhere.
Good luck. Girl Talk doesn't do full songs. He just does long sets with lots of songs cut and overlapping. I highly recommend seeing him live if you get the chance.
I really hope he puts this in whatever he releases next.
He should have a concert album!
Agreed.
Dear god I need a new album. It's been 5 years since Feed the Animals! (All Day was lame.)
Personally I really liked All Day. It was the first Girl Talk album I listened to and I'll never forget the first time I listened to it and how much fun I had spotting the songs he used. But you have your opinion and I have mine.
A first girl talk album is a great experience. Nothing will ever be as good as hearing  Nightripper in 2006 for me. Had never heard anything like it.
Bingo. 
