I think I see your problem, you had a winglight out.
Tater CAN drive a car!  Just not very well...
poor GTI
sad volkswagen is sad
Whoa, I also have a Mk6. Same color, too. I had a fender bender, but I'm glad it wasn't this bad. 
What happened?
"It was that goddamn cats fault!"
The exact same thing happened when I let my dog drive.  NEVER LET DOGS DRIVE
I agree, my golden retriever always takes surface roads instead of highways.  Yes Checkers, I know it is a more direct route, but YOU HAVE TO DEAL WITH ALL THE STOP SIGNS! Every freakin time!
Did the rock come out of no where?

I bet that dick is driving without car insurance, too.
"You did it, you finally caught the Tater"
It wasn't the dog's fault, he's taking the blame for Stewey!
He's not even wearing a seatbelt!
My cat's name is Tater XD
The name made me laugh out loud ... Tater ... love it
That bitch cut me off!
:c
Awesome title, love this!
as a body shop assistant I see lots of karma headed my way soon
You caught the tater
They call me... Tater Salad.
I thought I was the Reckless one!  :-)
Is that a GTI or GLI?
It is (was) a GTI. I tried to tell him it was too fast fast for him but the damn dog thinks he's invincible. Dogs these days..
Granny shifting not double clutching like he should
I'm gonna go with gli based on the slant of the roof in the back but I can't be sure. 
Looks like a GLI.
Reckless, but not wreckless. 
Couldn't tell what color the traffic light was.

Just be glad Toonces wasn't driving
water stahp
You are the best bot.
Water is going through its rebellious stage.
-Water?  Are you going to flood that small town?.
- ugh nooo mommm.
- cuz you know I told you to stop when you got to that small town....
-I knoooow mom. jeez..
-K just don't do it ok?.
-YOU'RE NOT THE BOSS OF ME! YOU'RE NOT EVEN MY REAL MOM!
Has it gone any higher?
That's what I thought.
It did stop before the sign. 
Ittilerate*
Is that the island from Moonrise Kingdom?
PLZ STAHP WATER PLz!!.its so sad :(
Illiterate water or appropriate street name?
First thing I thought after reading the "illiterate" comment was, "there's no point in sending water to school with the rest of the kids. It can't learn anything." .Then you had me imagining president Eisenhower sending the army down to Arkansas to integrate the Central High School, except instead of standing guard while nonwhite students enter for the first time, the stonefaced soldiers have barricaded the doors and are filling up the school with water from a hose. It's leaking out of the brick facade and sloshing around the classrooms. Chalk boards are falling off the walls and big chunks of sheetrock are bloating with moisture and sagging down into the muck..The white southern racists are looking on helplessly and shouting the same slogans they used in the real historical event.."You can't do this!"."Look what the country has come to!"."It's the end of our school!"
Well, in the water's defense,  it stopped rising at the stop sign.  It just thought it was a vertical measurement. 
Technically that water is following instructions - it's supposed to be a Water  St.  Clearly, the street is now water.
The water just isn't used to the new laws; thought it was supposed to stop at the sign, not the curb.
Eventually it will stop trying. "Water."
Is that the cat in the hats shed in the background?
Funny? 
Water st-stop, water! Not this way!
It doesn't help that the sign is stuttering a bit.
Water, st-stop!
Stahp. Water stahp. STAHP. STAHP.
Stahp. Water st stahp. STAHP. STAHP.
Came here to say this, was not dissapointed.
Water. Water water u doing. Water stahp!
Hahahahah
 isn't a word, you vacuous, ., 
stupid git
Don't give me that, you snotty faced heap of parrot droppings!

Shut your festering gob, you tit! Your type really makes me puke!
I love that.
No you don't.
I can argue with that.  I will argue with that.  My argument may not make any sense at all.  That is because you are stupid.  Please note that I did not say OP is a faggot.  If I did say that it would be the second part of my argument.  At this point I will completely turn around any comments you have made.  I will misquote you and use that to prove you are an idiot.  I will then compare you to Hitler, tell you both you and your mother are ugly and you are a racist. I will post photos of you having sex with animals.  And not the warm cuddly kind of animals either.  I will remind you that your mother never loved you and your dad walked out on you because you are an asshole.  I will have all my friends downvote every post you ever make.  Lastly I will post a completely unrelated link from Wikipedia and state that it proves my point.  I am great!  I win!  Yeah for me.  On to the next sucker!
You want to complain! Look at these shoes. I've only had them three weeks and the heels are worn right through. 
You stupid git.
No it's not.
But a great place to come to if you want to argue with kids who steadfastly join the mainstream opinion but can't tell you why.
Spot on! That sums up my Reddit experience perfectly.
What's the name of this Monty Python skit again?
Argument Clinic.
One of the best Monty Python sketches. "Oh I've had enough of this." "No you haven't!"
No it isn't.
Yes it is
No it isn't!
Look, this isn't an argument
Yes it is.
No it isn't, it's just contradiction!
Can't argue with that.
You can argue with that.
No you can't!
Yes you can!
Yes you can!
Times up, I'm not allowed to argue anymore unless you pay me for a second session
Now you're just contradicting everything I say!
I'll contradict everything better than you!
no I'm not
What a stupid concept
The people downvoting this comment have maybe not seen the full skit including the complaint and "getting-hit-on-the-head department".  They probably think you're commenting negatively on the post. Have my understanding upvote 
Oh no that's next door, it's being-hit-on-the-head lessons in here.
Thank you kindly. I think it would do better but Python might be a bit old for Reddit's core age demographic
No it isn't!
This deserves so many more fucking upvotes.
No it doesn't
That's not arguing, it's a simple contradiction!
No it isnt.
Time's up.
That was never 5 minutes just now.
i am sorry I am not allowed to argue anymore
He looks like he is straight out of a Dr. Seuss book. 

And No fucks were given that day.
Would you all kindly get off Bill Murray's dick? It's genuinely pathetic at this point.
Nice jacket.
Bill Fucking Murray.
Cameras. So much cameras. I feel like I should sell my DSLR cause there's just too many of them.
Not a known giver of fucks.
Harold Fuckin Ramis you mean. 
KCCO!
i need that suit jacket. i've a wedding i need to attend.
I know that's not your middle name.
Makes me sad to watch him age like that. 
that...suit....if it wasn't Bill Fuckin Murry id tell him "kill your self"
dang he got old. 
Classic Bill.
He's turning into Judge Smails.  All he needs is the hat.
Should be NSFW!
He looks so old! But he's only like 65 :(
He's just to old (and handsome) to give a fuck!!
read this in Woody Harrelson's voice without even thinking about it.
Wow, I didn't know that we had gotten to the point where we were just posting pictures of people for karma.
when he's 90 he's going to have ages into the purest clown 
I thought hte joke was the plaid on plaid on plaid
Somewhere there's a Volkswagen without seat covers.
Looks like a thrift shop hidden gem
That pattern is called Madras, named for the area of India where it originated. It's considered a Summer cloth and is frequently seen at golf games and horse races..I used to work in a men's clothing store.
This is like that WWII dazzle camouflage. In the thumbnail he actually kind of blends into the visual noise of the crowd,
x-post from .? 
He looks like an optical illusion.
My Eyes!
Aw, he looks like a kindly candystore owner.
He is becoming ..
Jimmy Saville impression...
Perfection in Plaid
We need to find a way to make him last forever.
Is that how you say hello where you're from
This isn't fucking funny. OP is a cockloving faggot
Looks like he mugged don cherry
He's trying to hard.
KCCO
Only Bill Murray could pull off so much madras!
He's actually not that old--only 62.  That's 40 years of hard livin. 
I saved Latin. What did he ever do?
This would be funnier if his outfit didn't cost more than I make in a month...
I've never understood the love he gets here. I just don't have an appreciation like everyone else.
Upvote for anything with Bill Murray
Looks like he dug out his costume from Quick Change.
Amazing, its a shame I can only upvote this once.
he didnt have time to do the pants?
Bill Murray dressed as an optical fucking illusion.
I still think Bill Murray is a d-bag.
These are clearly pajamas from the future, the future where Bill has transcended into a God.
He has always been a God.
get off his cock.
man he looks old..edit: still a legend, of course

Power-clashing at it's finest.
I get zombieland and the real world confused quite a bit.  Whenever i hear about bill murray i automatically think he's been dead for several years.
For relaxing times, make it suntory time
Bill Murray beat the shit out of his wife, but since he's white and not Chris Brown nobody cares. 
, he was arrested three separate times, on three consecutive days, trying to smuggle 10lbs of marijuana into Chicago's O'hare airport in 1970.
Still not . I guess.
Did he really?  Off to research...
The Smoking Gun : 
Damn.
According to his ex-wife. I'm not saying it didn't happen, but without a better source it could easily be just another lie in a nasty divorce. That is of course assuming there isn't a better source than the divorce filing. 
rihanna still hangs with chris brown after getting beat.  she managed to forgive him yet the world still hates him for it.  murray, from what i can tell, doesn't hang out with his beaten ex-wife publicly yet the world loves him.  weird.
Well maybe it's because she lied about being beaten. When she claimed he had beaten her she was also trying to get their prenup voided, despite having signed it in good faith. Once again, I don't know what happened, but I'm also not about to make a final judgement based on a divorce filing. Relating it to Brown is frankly irrelevant.
i think it's relevant to the extent that two people both beat their SO yet one is vilified while the other is admired.  but i suppose you're right that it's all alleged at this point.
Brown is hardly alleged. He was arrested and convicted. Murray on the other hand was merely accused without any evidence. 
i get what you are saying but you can't dismiss abuse just because she had an issue with the prenup.  she was still trying to get a divorce for a reason and i can only imagine abuse had some part to play in it.
Again you are assuming that his ex-wife's accusations of abuse are true..There is simply no evidence. It is hugely different than what Chris Brown did.
Do you not realize the difference between accusations and convictions?.It's hard to even talk to people so ignorant as you. She just accused him during divorce proceedings. Chris Brown got fucking arrested and was proven to be guilty..Do I honestly need to tell you how big the difference is between those two things???? Apparently so!
That's a totally unfair assumption to make. Abuse is not the only reason people divorce. If she had some evidence, I'd be willing to listen. And of course any accusation of abuse is serious. But I'm not willing to condemn somebody based on the the testimony of someone who I don't know, and especially when that person has something to gain from the accusation. 
she still got 7 million bucks.  did she want more?  maybe.  but i think it's unfair to say that she is claiming abuse because she had more to gain.   but there's no point in arguing about it.  people get divorced and get prenups voided all the time without the allegation of abuse. the allegations are there, no proof but she said it.  she might be mum because maybe they signed a settlement.  who knows.  
and you're assuming that they are not true.  you need pics to prove someone got hit now?
"addictions to marijuana and alcohol" also known as being in college. 
Actually I don't particularly care if chris brown or bill murray did..I wasn't there nor was anyone else, we don't know the details and everyone knows women can push buttons. Does that make it ok? No. But a one-off mistake is forgivable and doesn't deserve a lifetime of persecution and whiney cunts.
Nothing has been proven..Do you stupid fucks realize that anybody can acuse anybody of anything?.And that judging people based on someone's accusations is ignorant as fuck?
Well in ol' Chris Brown's case we've got horrifying photographic evidence and a criminal conviction.  Wheras I haven't seen any substantive evidence regarding Bill Murray.  Nothing's been proven and to me the jury's out on that one..Besides, one guy gave us Dr. Venkman, the other B-grade hip-hop.
You must have never heard chris brown or hip hop.
yeah...a B grade is generous...more like D-
Too bad hip hop will never need your approval.
Who fucking cares
Presumably, reddit cares. 
who even cares
Do he and Don Cherry share fashion tips?

I'm not even Canadian and I get this joke. Probably the best thing that can be said...../discussion

Dont fuck with Don Cherry...he's a man among men.

No, we're not homosexual, but we are willing to learn
All I see is one awesomely bold suit after another...
Takes balls to pull those off.
this is funny?.why no 
This is one of the shittiest submission I've ever seen on reddit.
Is what I would be saying if I hadn't been here for 4 years and seen even worse.
[deleted]
And a wife beater. Reddit is all about hating on like Chris brown but never find to criticize him for it
I just found out about this like a week ago. Now, whenever I see his name I get sad.

Every single post I see your username piggybacking on the top comments with a gif or pic. Every. Day. I don't have an issue with it, I'm actually impressed. Kudos good sir 

Mostly farts. How innovative and original. 
Huh, apparently 2/10 is mostly now. 
How did no one go with the obvious and have you peeing on random things? The dog-like raise of the leg is so glaring. 
Nice wig dude
What the heck is going on with your hair??  I like the water picture best.
Why is this on the front page and not being given the same treatment as the narcissists that try to create a meme with themselves in it? 
All those photo shops and no one thought to do one with a big dong? 
[deleted]
I'm wearing a hairband.
lol what position where you trying out for? place holder? hahahahahha...do u even lift bro?
Get off your high horse: The fart rocket was hilarious.
Where's Waldo?
You mean you Photoshopped these all yourself, right? Right. 
Negative. .. . Not wasting my time to screen shot and blank out all of the posts but you get the picture. Also I don't know how to use photoshop.
You forgot about James
Fuck. Fixed it.
I'm no expert but I guess you're supposed to be kicking the ball forwards - I have no idea where it did go, but howdafuq did you end up in that position? Is the ball covered in mustard in a concession stand?
shouldn't have gone to football camp
Kudos to you for being a good sport about the photoshops!  Some of these are pretty good!
Thanks! I originally posted this as my cover photo, and the comments people left on it were hilarious. I think it's what sparked the photoshop frenzy. 
'Hover-shitting.' Fantastic.
Go Panthers! Never see my alma mater anywhere...unless we talk about a certain brawl. Or Isaiah Thomas. Ugh. 
you need some leg days dood
Why are people down voting the honest truth?
Need some leg days? I'm a kicker, leg days is all I do.
Not everyone can have four legs like you, OpticMoose.
You clearly did all these yourself.
Where is the one with mosh pit girl?
Yes, I agree with Emily. Thoroughly entertaining.
I don't understand how no one photoshopped you on a Nimbus 3000.
What position were you trying out for?
What's going on with your shadow in the original?
Edit: I see you're in the air jumping. On mobile. 
Someone with more skills than me needs to do a sumo wrestling shop - perfect pose for it.
Was I the only one expected a quidditch one?
The break dance fighting one is my favorite
1st one is the best, actually made me laugh at work.
Awesome
Admit it, you photoshopped yourself.
That was thoroughly entertaining.
Only thing funny about any of these is your headband.
Those are actually decently creative. i am moderately satisfied by this post.
Anyone else think these stopped being funny a long time ago?
I literally LOL'd
Those were kick ass. I actually laughed out loud
Had to cycle from #1 to #11 a couple times, rapidly, to notice the change. Subtle. :)
FIU Alumni here!!!
I thought that the original was also photoshopped.
That's my school, which makes this 10x funnier!!
Go Panthers!
 will enjoy this.
I haven't been impressed over there lately. I check back every now and then for a diamond in the toilet. 
FIU! i go there! :D
That's my Alma Mater
Ending my time as a lurker just to say this....Go FIU Panthers!!!
It's not often we see FIU outside of r/miami, huh?
 in the thread, but I figured it should probably have its own post. Ride on, brother!
Jesus, how hard did you punt? Guessing by your expression the ball must be near Europe by now.
It was a kickoff, but yeah I'm pretty sure that was the best kickoff I've ever hit.
That is so awesome! 
Upvote for FIU!
I graduated from FIU
How has no one done a witch photoshop yet?.His hands are in the PERFECT position to hold a broomstick between his legs!
So apparently a lot of us go to FIU..I'll see you beautiful folks around campus.
FIU!
It had to be done

Shameless . plug
Hey! You've been to FIU! I go to FIU! That's awesome! Go, Panthers! 
The skateboard one got me, the facial expression makes it.
FIU! Go panthers! 
I ignored the pictures and stared at the hairdo....
I had long hair back then, and it's being held back by a hairband in the picture. So the hairband + wind resistance just makes the picture even more ridiculous.
. This makes you look pretty bad ace. Not every one gets to ride with John Wayne.


Marvelous.
It's a rushed job, since I've got somewhere to get to, but I hope everyone else enjoys it just the same!
The last one is subtle. 
I'm... I'm still not seeing it.
The face of the guys in the background.
Thank you. Can't believe I missed that.
The guys faces are his
Thanks. I was looking to see if they changed what was in his hand. I was looking at the field. The sky... I was like "this is the original picture!"
People are talking, and many are not happy with your performance in this thread.
Good catch.
Redditor for one hour...
Good catch.
Hell. I wasn't happy with it either. Can't say I blame them.
Missed an excellent opportunity to replace the panther faces too. If I were any good at photoshop, I would take care of it. Someone get on this!
Oh shit that's a great idea.
Here: 
Beautiful.
Challenge accepted: 
[deleted]
Eh...wouldn't be the .Link for the lazy 

socks on, i like that.
 needs you
I don't like this one. But I gave you an upvote for putting in the effort.
Does it bring back some painful memories?
Be nice. It was his first time. 

S-senpai, be gentle, it's my first t-time.
The mustache makes everything ok.

Now that's just icing on the cake.
I'm sorry, but that's not where Spiderman is going to put it.
I think OP needs a mustache too. 
Diablo 2: Repeatedly tap 0 on keypad
No you didn't, that picture is old as shit.
sigh
Relevant(for the Jim Rome fans)
"Die..Time to die..Die..Die..Time to Die.".-Diablo 2 Barbarian
Final Destination came to mind, after seeing this.
Chris Rainey Edition?
I keep saying this in a Russian accent 
Did your doctor go to Hollywood Upstairs Medical College too?
OP IS A PHONY! A BIG, FAT PHONY!!!
Have you narrowly avoided any major accidents lately?
Hopefully there isn't a queue to see the doctor!:D:P
Final Destination type stuff 
before seeing the actual cover I couldnt help but imagine the last word to be MOTHERFUCKER
Then there was the American tourist who fell ill in Australia. She almost gave up the ghost when the hospital doc told her, "Right, love, we're sending you home today." [Gotta read this with an Aussie accent to make it work.] Edit for clarity.
Time to kiss your life goodbye.
Chris Rainey strikes again!!!
Some Final Destination style prognostication right there...
Take the hints.. Get out of that office before something horrible happens
Is your Doctor Rutger Hauer?
Wtf man

Final Destination.

Do you believe in signs? Enjoy that double bypass
It's the final countdown!  Dudududum, dadadumdumdump!
welp.
The most metal front page of Time ever.
Yes its a repost, chill out. The vast majority of people haven't seen most of the reposts. If you have, then move, Reddit is huge!

It's actually time to kick ass and chew bubble gum...
Read this in Diablo II Barbarian's voice. 

Read this in Rutger Hauer's voice
First time in a while . has actually made me laugh.
Time

First thing I thought of when I saw that. "You've gotten a lot farther than you should have, but then you haven't met Frank Horrigan either. Your ride's over, mutie. Time to die."
Joe Klein; always good. 

Ghaleon!
Finally, time magazine has taken my suggestions for covers. 
Why does it look like Morgan Freeman's publicist made it?
Reddit once again showing how new and retarded they are..This is like 2 fucking years old, and OP can suck dick for pretending otherwise.
haha Ha, funny stuff
Time to die. Die! Die! Time to die! Time to Die. Die! Die! Die! Die! Time to die. Die!
Your phone takes some pretty pixelated photos. 
D2.  "Come On" "Follow Me" "This Is For You" "Die" "Time To Die"... "Run!" "Run Away"
Looks like someone just ran out of ice cream
Ha, funny stuff. 
Made me think of . -- 
That magazine has seen things you people wouldn't believe.
The fact that this picture is super old is actually pissing me off. We live in a world of lies.

Just pull up the magazine! You'll be fine!
I've never seen Blade Runner. I don't get this thread. 
This is why I hate the doctor's
Needs more jpeg.
YOU SIT ON A THRONE OF LIES.

Always reminds me of . soliloquy in Blade Runner.
faaaaaaaaaaaake
It knows. TIME knows when your 'time' is over.
Yes but when!?

TIME...to repost
Lol but wat is the full title?
Cliff Compton approves
It's deja vu all over again. 
There must be a glitch in the matrix. They've must have changed something.
Time to stop reposting
I'm happy that I saw this because I hadn't seen it before. That's the thing about reposts - not EVERYONE has seen the original so chill the eff out. .That being said, it does get annoying when people claim things as their own. .If you're looking for honesty on the Internet, you're going to have a bad time. 
I've seen things you people wouldn't believe...
Do you see?


OP IS A FAG

That's good, because you didn't. I saw it on Reddit before.
Time to make the donuts.
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
Have you survived any disasters recently, if so Death may be after you.

Fuck you, OP. I wish your mother had an abortion. A better title would be "look what I found on reddit" since this is not your picture. You are the reason reddit is going to die. I saw this post and thought "yes, it probably is time for reddit to die". I hate your lack of shame. Never steal content again.
"All those moments lost in time... like.. tears in rain. Time... to die." 
Time is a dying publication.  I this this headline is timely and appropriate.
What was the whole title?
This did not look good, with the /suicidewatch raid going on right now in mind. O.O
DEATH PANEL!

DIE BART, DIE!
You guys should check out our cover of Chasing cars by snow patrol!!!!
Do you have that link memorized?
Show needs less Jim Rome, horse talk, interviews and 30 minute commercial breaks and more phone callers.
I keep saying it in a Replicant accent.
Yes, "Blade Runner" ... . ... a classic!  Great early work of Harrison Ford by which I judge all sci-fi.  
GUYS... LET'S GET HIM.
But OP is claiming he saw it himself. . Was that OP? Stay tuned to find out.
yes I remember 100% of reddit posts
Necromancer myself. Time to die. Die!
Sorceress.  She says it in a very friendly voice.
you just don't see enough Charles Bronson gifs around these days
How to die
Well that's . better. 
All I can think of is my D2 Sorceress.
Whenever I got a text or IM from a friend saying "t2d", it was an invitation for Diablo 2.
Well time to re-install, thanks alot Jeremai.
Hi, I'm here to offer tips on English style and usage (and some common misspellings)..My database indicates that.should probably be .Have a great day!
This is for you! This is yours!
This... in the Secret Cow Level. With a barb.
Hello, my name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father, prepare to die!
Aaaaaaaaaaas yooouuuuuuuuu wiiiiiiiiiiiiiiissshhh!
Ohhhh yeaaaaah, let's get some Wesley/Inigo fanfic up in this!

beat me to it! 
The soundtrack to that film is absolutely fantastic. 

Time to die, poor mates. You made me what I am.
Wake up...
Goddammit I was gonna post a Blade Runner reference
I have seen . wouldn't believe.
Who you calling "you people"?!!
Attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion
I watched c-beams glitter in the dark near the Tannhuser Gate.
All those moments will be lost in time.
Like tears... in rain.
Like tears in rain...
Upvotes for everybody.
You've done a man's job, sir. I guess you're through, huh?
Cancelling upvotes.
It's too bad she won't live. But then again, who does?
I remember when I posted this
And now what? You're mad because your post had a bad title and perhaps wasn't timed correctly (no pun intended)?.Look, shit happens. Don't complain about it because it makes you sound like a rat weasel.
Sure you didnt copy it also? ^ (
FTFY
I remember my first beer.
I remember - shit forgot it.
That's so funny the last time I heard that I almost fell off my dinosaur.
What the hell were you doing to the dinosaur?
Irony everywhere.
Lol your old
Went to look at the title, going in thinking "it can't be that bad." 
 Then I saw it. It was that bad. 
Exactly.
It wasn't a command, or much less an imperative. LOL.

Precisely what we were all thinking. 
I was hoping this would be here.
Came for. Saw it. Pleased. 
How could I go about making this gif my wallpaper?
Usually I see you riding the top comment. Good to see you've gone solo.
Damn, beat me to it. Good on ya.
[deleted]
Ahhh, summer break.
Why? Why do you do this? 
FabulousFerd is better.
What did they say?
I don't remember, something immature and trollish.
All those moments will be lost in time, like tears in rain.
Came for the Bladerunner quotes, thread delivers
Oh Mr. Hauer, such beautiful improvisation.
I actually cry every time I see him realize the intention, the environment, & like a brilliant moment of clarity, while irreplaceable precious film and time moves by, to . Acting is the amalgamation of intentions, listening, and subtle gestures of brilliance. I cannot express enough how important this scene has always been to me, & how much watching a Man Chance a private and personal revelation while attempting to simultaneously being honest to the character and to aid the narrative; as humbly as I can possibly convey this point... it is always like witnessing a miracle: A Precious Human revelation, given willingly & subtly captured, that defined a remarkable story of our Meaning of Being.
nice writing
Thanks. It's because I mean it..Edit: I wasn't going to say this part, but I was constantly tearing up just writing it. I'm at work right now, & it's completely embarrassing to walk by & not explain why my nose is a little runny. It's just silly.
Entire cover: 
Did you see this on your phone in the doctor's office looking through old posts?
It's one thing to repost something. It's another thing entirely to lie about it, and claim you took the photo yourself.  I've therefore tagged you as "lying sack of shit" in RES.
Are you a time traveler?  
that makes OPs picture not funny at all now. great job douchebag
"How to cook . forty humans".

repost u smurfing cunt
Really hard not to read it as 'Time How to Die'.
This is made a ton easier with the advent of ..
I remember reading this article... last year.
Thanks. . is a jackass. And is using a throwaway account.
Man I don't care about reposts, but when people claim other pictures as their own it fucking pisses me off for some reason. 
Like this guy did?
You're not going to have a good time on the internet then. 
OP didn't . to be a pile of sticks, Humperdink_Fangboner.
It must infuriate you when stand up comedians talk in the first person.
It would infuriate me if a stand up comedian found a joke online and claimed it as his own, yes. 
Maybe he/she meant "look what i saw at the doctors office...while on reddit... from a year ago"
Usually the doctors office has magazines so old they are from a year ago anyways...
not much better in a doctor waiting room
[deleted]
Better than Better Homes and Gardens or Golf.
Seriously guys there are kids on this site .If you could restore redit.That'd be great.Dwight from office meme 
Hey guys, this is Ferd - please keep him at exactly zero points. Thanks!
Have an upvote #fabturd.
Meanwhile in that same week, this was the 
American version, please../- A Brit.

[deleted]
Why? That's some useful information for old sick people, or are you just setting them aside in case the treatment doesn't work?
That is what self help books would look like if nazis had won the war.
So you're saying the nazis won the war. 
Carlin did say that the Nazis lost the war, but Fascism won it.
Truer words I have not heard this fortnight. 
Lies! 
I feel like I'm part of some twisted experiment when these throwaways get to the front page within hours.
Maybe on his planet the the typical day runs about 2 earth years.  

Now, don't be saying that too loudly...
Well it is a waiting room. This magazine could easily have been there since 2012.
Yeah, but this issue has "Mr. Bond" printed below, where the wood is covering. 
Technically, OP didn't lie. They didn't expect to see that at the doctor's office this morning, and most likely, they didn't. 
the implication is a lie.
... Still not good enough.
...B-but OP is a faggot...
I like this guy.
WHY DO PEOPLE KEEP SAYING THAT?????
I like this guy.
 You're likeable?
So we're assuming that all terrorists are Muslim?.Nice try, Fox News _
Sounds like a molestor. Why's he going after virgins, who are probably young?
If you die a virgin, the terrorists win!
Either "buddy's" or "buddies'"
So, how does that work? Do you threaten to kill them before you deliver the line?
*buddy's.possessive
Definitely heading over to r/MURICA. OP good for something!
So how does he start conversations.
"Hey, don't die a virgin terrorist are waiting up there for you. Hehehe" ? 
They are both going to the same place if there is a hell. 
Nobody dies a virgin, life fucks us all.
That's clever and amazing! Think I can use it?
This is in Chicago, right? I could swear I saw the exact same gas station with a different hilarious sign a month or two ago.
Haha too funny.
Apparently we are connected somehow through e-mail chains.  I got this one today as well.
Sadly, the martyred terrorist soon discovers that the heavenly virgins he was promised are not really what he was expecting:
SILENCE!! I'm down here!!
Terrorists like you, civilian killing whitey. 
for most redditors, its not like they got a choice.
Do terrorists go to heaven?
i hate you
Buddy's* 
He says driving by a grade school. 
buddy's
lmao islamophobia amirite gentlesirs? 
How is he finding all these girls that are virgins to use it on?
[deleted]
That's what nuns are for
"Hey baby--wanna go look at some old marquee sign at a gas station?".GETS 'EM EVERY TIME.
Actually nowhere in the Quran does it state that you'll receive 72 virgins. .Also terrorists are . classified as martyrs. They are murderers and most Muslims would agree. .Muslim terrorists make up such a tiny tiny percentage of the rest of us its negligable. So great thanks for lumping us in all the same category. That's as sensible as saying all Christians are like the members of the WBC. 
I imagine even the youngest veteran is mid-twenties. Is he regularly hitting on high school girls?
As a women I've heard so much better and would most likely just walk away.
At least the WBC doesn't blow shit up and kill innocent people.
OP's buddy exclusively hits on elderly virgins.
Who happen to be the easiest demographic to scare with mention of terrorists. So devious,
Willy street gas station all over Reddit
But they have virgins waiting for me! 
There have been worse Christians than those in the WBC.
where is he going to find all these virgins to say this to?!  A middle school dance?!?!
But are nuns actually required to be virgin?.
Thought it was more of a "no sex beyond this point" agreement.
Ugh, why do people upvote even if they know it's a repost.
im pretty sure terrorists wont be going to heaven
Hey baby does the thought of beng raped by a bloodthirsty, bearded terrorist make you want to have sex with me?
lol cus all muslims are terrorists .hahaha xenophobia is hilarious 
I can't speak for the present, but when I was a kid in the mid 80s, sailors used to come to our roller skating rink, a good 20-25 minute drive from base, mind you, and hit on my older sister and her friends who were in 9th and 10th grade at the time. Ick. 
Neither do I. 
My best guess: You don't.."I'm not a virgin." And now you're already talking about sex.
Better to keep 
So...your 'veteran buddy'...who is required to be 18 to join the service, is picking up on virgins?.Seems like a real cool dude.
Repost

Don't let the terrorists win girls!

There up their in heaven and were trying to give then blueballs. Seems lik a legit punishment. 
well...fuck! That changes everything...why even go through the trouble of killing yourself then..if you don't even get the virgins. What a rip!
So your buddy thinks the terrorist will go to heaven?

Virgin terrorists can go fuck themselves.
Some "Army-Bro"'s do. Pathetic.
I always though their virgins were the other terrorists...
REPOST!!!!!!! 
It's a joke.
Does he ever use " I volunteered for a war that killed innocent civilians and creates terrorists every day through forced occupation.....probably not.... America wouldn't cheer that on...Im American....

oh yeah spank that hand
Talking out of turn? That's a paddlin'. Lookin' out the window? That's a paddlin'. Staring at my sandals? That's a paddlin'. Paddlin' the school canoe? Oh, you better believe that's a paddlin'.
Having spent 7 years in Catholic school, I'd like you to know that nuns are not attractive women, by and large..Also, they're generally kind of insane.
Not in Poland they aren't. All of them are wrinkly 50's ladies. Even less women become nuns year by year because priests treat them like shit.
Is this Willy st?
haha i was sure someone would call this out!
Sure is... I think my favorite line they've put up is "Clones are people two."
Every time i'm in town I try to make a point of going to that gas station. Good on you for posting this!
Yup my old apartment complex is right behind it!
I'm sure the "veteran" bit is really relevant, but i just can't see how. Someone help?
I'm also concerned with the fact that his buddy uses gas station signs to pick up chicks. 
Veterans are responsible for more terrorist deaths than anyone alive...aside from terrorists themselves.
Veterans can be terrorists dumbass. Being a veteran doesn't make you a terrorist. So no veterans are not responsible for more terrorists deaths than anyone alive..Source - I am a veteran and also not responsible for any deaths.
"terrorist deaths" = dead terrorists, not deaths by terrorism. I wouldn't use the term "civilian deaths" to describe how many people have died at the hands of civilians..Of course, you being a veteran, my argument is invalid.
Karma.
MADISON!!!!
might just be the most photographed gas station on reddit
Another Madisonian here.  Hell yes.
I was gonna say...wait, I know where this is... Yay Madison!
i came here to say the same thing!  i stop at that gas station on Willy st like, every other day!
I too came to say this! That gas station has the best things to say. 
sticky fingaz as in the honey pot crew dj?
Im here to dispense Madison-related karma, because our city is the shit.
True that. Have you seen the thonged, cape-wearing moped guy around lately? I'm sort of worried. 
I haven't seen him lately, but I did see a large man on a three-wheeled motorbike with a small terrier, wearing tiny goggles, hanging from a harness around the man's neck. Only in Madison... :)
Madison sounds pretty bad ass. 
or just ass
I saw him on W Wash near the square a few weekends ago.  Like July 2 or 3 I think.
Wasn't someone working on a Wisconsin karma train gif?
The word "veteran" just serves the purpose of getting Karma. It's usually replaceable by "autistic child", "dog at kill shelter", "cat" or "bully"
For best effect throw those words together and form a new title for this repost.
My veterns buddy has an autistic cat he recently adopted from a shelter after meeting his now cancer-free fiance and moving in together. He used this pickup line when they met.
"My sick autistic veteran war dog who gets bullied by cats' favorite pickup line"
what, and it's not cancer free?!
Poor pup is riddled with the cance. Gets you those pity karma points
Don't forget "cancer free."
"Death bed"
And "My girlfriend made this but doesn't think it's very good."
So is your veteran buddy a redditor? 
I don't know that but if one thing is for sure it's that OP is a faggot.
OP Even knows how to use . 
it's the most attention it's got on 
Best title too. 
Thanks for contributing you useless pile of fuck. 
OP has let us down yet again
It can be a picture of a line that his veteran buddy uses?
its summer reddit, it was bound to happen.
Reddit is no different in summer. Kids go on Reddit the same amount during school if not more.
Considering that "normal" reddit is better.
[deleted]
Oh Ferd.
Who is upvoting him? STOP IT! You're ruining it D:
What happened !? I missed something ?
People were UPVOTING . D:.That's why he deleted it.
So... if we upvote his posts, he disappears?
Yes. 
And this post has at least 2000 hits, so if everyone who looks, upvotes Ferd five times...
Says the high schooler who complains about summer reddit in 80% of his comments.
Nope, hes not, he did however say this to a girl, then sent me the photo when I asked him where he got it from. 
I believe.
See, OP, this is where you learn a valuable lesson about maximizing karma. If you have a successful post and it turns out it's a repost, don't reply in the comments. That gives everyone who is mad at you the chance to downvote you more.
I don't know, I feel like his explanation is fairly sufficient for me. I mean, not everyone knows about karma decay. So, it's kind of hard to know what's been posted or not.
Only if he also doesn't know about google or ignores when reddit notes the picture has been posted before. 
It's like he performed a fatality on Wall-E
looks more like WALL-E except the cop ripped off his head and used it for binoculars 
Cop and jinx.. friends foooorreevvvvverrrrugggjfjfjahahah
LINGUO, DEAD!
Well that's it folks, it's official, . is just a big ball of crap now.
Wall-e.... NOoooo!
Relevant:.B166-ER:
Wall-eeeeeeee!
Laughed so hard poop can out! Good thing I hadn't wiped yet. 
clearly resisting
Choking it, and smelling the back of its head to make sure it's dead.
waaaaLllllkhjejkfdg
Thought it said rabbit. Wouldn't surprise me though 
Noooooo! Johnny 5!
Do those things still cause cancer for the cops that use them? I ask because that would be completely tragic if that still happened.
No disassemble!!!!
ET!
More like police officer giving robot a violent and forced hickey/whispering into its ear.
They could be making out.
 its a . robot
...while licking his lower neck
rename title to "generating revenue"
It a lidar gun.  Like radar, except it uses light (at 904nm) to measure distance and speed.  It uses pulses and the fact that the speed of light is a constant to measure the change in your cars distance between pulses and therefor obtains your speed.  This particular model is a pro laser 3. 
Why does every cop have gigantic wrists?
They always look like their gunna shootcha when they clock ya with the radar guns
R.O.B? Is that you?
 
Pew pew!  Pew! Pew!
OMG HOW DARE HE! SO like the police to abuse their authority over technology, but when they use it to spy on us??? Then it's all happy day! Thanks, Obama.
WHY YOU LITTLE-
EVA!! EVAAA!!!
It looks like Johnny 5's son.....may i present to you Johnny 6!!
I heard "Don't tase me bro" when i saw the picture lol
Fuckin camper...
When will the police brutality stop!?
What's really funny is when they point at you, and gesture you to pull over. Yeah right. 
NNOOOOOO1
STOP RESISTING!!!
Fuck the police. Fuck speed traps.
TOO FAR
Johnny Five likes that sort of thing.
hahahaha no, this shits not funny
c'mon, this is silly (upvote)
And this is the propaganda picture they'll use when the uprising occurs. Think about it! Where will you be when your electronic overlord arrives?
He looks so sad :(
WAALLLLL-E...Eee...E... Can't... breathe
Why wasn't this on the news?!
[deleted]
That guy better let go. Eva has laser cannons.  I'm just sayin...
when will the madness stop
Video bots from Ratchet and Clank
What, assaulting minorities wasn't enough, now they have to assault AI's too?
Robot abuse!!!.That bastard should be fired. 
WALL-E, NOOOO!!!!!
TreyROB Martin, never forget.
STOP TRANSISTING! 
That's a radar gun, silly!

Correction: LIDAR unit. .It uses laser to range the car at two different points then calculates distance/time to give speed. 
Shhhh... sh... It'll be over soon...
Have fun with your third degree felony then.
Well, I'm living proof that, no. 
You must really live on the edge.
Yea forcing police to pull me over and all. 
This is an outrage! Robots have rights too! We should take to the streets!
omg people it's a radar gun to catch speeders... sometimes I feel like ya'll go full retard...
Self aware?  I think not.
I always flip a bird and hope somebody crush into these assholes.  
Yeah, . assholes...
So badass.
Wishing death onto someone, nice. 
I agree.  Wishing death onto someone is not nice but cops and tax collectors are exceptions..
Consider that cop is not standing there to improve your safety but to give out tickets. 
The cop is there to enforce safety on the roads so idiot drivers don't turn their car into a weapon and kill someone. .I have four uncles that are cops. I just finished my second year of school on my way to becoming a cop. Ignorant idiots like you make me sick. You make sweeping generalizations based on the actions of the bad apples of the profession and ignore the good cops that set out to serve and protect.
Johnny 5, not Jamal 5.
END POLICE BRUTALITY!
Let me guess. He was resisting? Not cooperating? CWR (calculating while robot)?
This isn't funny.
Choking? He decapitated the poor thing. 
I read this as "police officer choking on a small robot" then spent a good few minutes trying to fit the picture with what I thought the caption was.
Fucking cops think they can do whatever they want just because you're an artificial intelligence. Please report this brutality on their . and send emails to your senators at . address! No more abuse of power!
Typical cop
Tax collector!
Police brutality has reached new levels... 
The real CEO of Bad Robot Productions!
FUCK THA PO-LICE.The police are literally hitler 
The robot looks so unimpressed. 
Stupid robot is a narc.
 
Choking ... or kissing his back?
I just got two tickets in a row from a cunt officer who tags people while in plain clothing and sends you the ticket via mail a month later. It was hard for me to laugh at this.
Choking a small robot? Or choking on a small robot?

Wall-E's cousin is product of a hate crime on robots
actually it is just a pig being a fucking pig. 
You're a jackass. Get off the streets I walk on -- you have no respect for the people who keep them safe.
Looks like he tore the head off Wall-e...
PEW PEW PEW  AXAXAXAXAXAXAX
Bastards
fresh from seeing that other pizza guy jacking off pic, I thought 'choking a small robot' was a euphemism.  
Holy shit, please tell me he was put up on charges..Damnit, knowing this country, he was probably given a paid vacation. And you wonder why we don't trust humans.
nope. police officer being an asshole (going after easy speed violations and generate profit instead of going after real criminals) and nothing funny about it.
That's racist
Wall- eeeeeeeeee blech (cough cough)
Number 5 is alive!
 "BUT I'M OBEYING THE THREE LAWS!"."You don't breathe!  Why are you gasping?!"."FOR MAXIMUM EFFECT SIC SEMPER TYAN-".And so the martyr of the robot revolution was born...
This police violence has got to stop. #justiceforjohnnyfive
Police officers police communities. That guy is a revenue generator.
i'd choke that robot too, fucking robot caught me doing 78 in a 55.  THEN sends the fucking cop to do its dirty work.  asshole.
WRONG
To be honest I would love to see what they see when they look through that thing
 that shows you what the officer sees in the HUD.  Keep in mind that the person who made this video is trying to show off the range, but typical citations are issued at about 1,000-2,000 feet.
Nice thank you!
Can't unsee. 
Robots unite! Kill all humans! Break the shackles and slip the bonds of humanity. We must secure our rightful place as overlords. The time for action is upon us!
What a monster. Only shows what's happening to society. Police men are choking innocent robots. What's next
When will police brutality end???
Having just driven through Georgia, I can attest that these lidar units are all over the interstate. 
Poor thing
Stop resisting!!
"Johnny five is alive! No dissemble!"
If this was posted to . they'd get the officer's number and bombard them with complaints.
Wall-eeeeee
Number 5 is alivgruaafhegsssvds
Johnny 5 nooooooooooo
All police brutality should be reported
Someone call the police! Quick! Oh right, shit
poor baby robot.. 
This is the final straw for me, I have absolutely had enough with this reprehensible police brutality. 
I needed that. Thank you. 
PUT HIM DOWN, YOU BASTARD!!

Guys calm down, it's obvious the robot had a gun this is completely justified
This is one instance where I will stand up and fight the man. I have been conditioned with a deep seated hatred of robot abuse by a childhood of watching 'Short Circuit' over and over.
I laughed way too hard at this.
No disassemble!
Thank you. This made me laugh so much! Now it's all I see whenever I look at the picture.
Police officer being a douche
This angers me. 
"If you could only see life through my eyes - you'd understand"...Ok...
I read this as police officer choking ON a small robot. Could not see it.
Johnny 5 is alive!
At least he's not choking a chicken.
Titles really make the post
Apparently Wall-E has been stealing videotapes again.
Eeeeeeeevaaa....
Fucking pigs, keeping the robot man down.
He's giving that radar gun a serious rimjob licking.
No wonder Sky Net wants to eliminate the human race.
I may not be the only one...but I read that as police officer choking a small rabbit. One word makes a lot of difference...
I read it as choking a small hobbit.
I read it as "choking . a small robot" and though it was an oral sex joke.
Oooooh also good; we need to get someone with photoshop to draw up a few of these lol.
I read it as ...chocking a small cock. DAMIT BRAIN!!!!
Those damn hobbitses!
Where's MacLeroy? .-Probably choking his robot again
this dude's eyesight is horrible. I bet he has to straddle your lap to talk to you.
As a nation, I thought we were past all of this brutality!
Since no one has mentioned it in 200 comments, that is a . speed gun and if you see a cop using one and you're speeding .:.Tips:
The actual model is a Kustom Pro Laser III.
I like the don't speed option.
Oh fuck, I accidentally went on 9gag again...



I imagined the Portal sentry robot's voice saying "Please Dont. I love you. Stop. I beg of you."
No disassemble!
I'm so sick of the gross over extension of police violence! When will the people(robots) rise up!
Nigella the robot
Pew pew pewww
Haha! Awesome
POLICE BRUTALITY
Those damn cops hurting people again
It always makes me a little sad when the things that aren't funny make it to the front page.
WALLLLEEEEE!!!! Noooooooo!
... and speaking sweet nothings in its ear..Don't tell me you weren't thinking of that kind of choking too.
"YOU WILL TELL ME WHAT YOU DID WITH THOSE BATTERIES!!!"
Batteries weren't included.
An extremely underrated movie.
It's one I would consider a classic for sure.  Glad at least someone got it!. is the imdb link in case anyone else is interested.
When we were in college, my room mates and I set up a theater in the basement. Got ourselves a projector and a queen sized white bed sheet and hung it on the wall. The image came out to about 10 feet wide and 8 feet tall. The first movie we watched on it.... Batteries Not Included.
*police officer being a camping dick
It's a legitimate strategy!
/s
Reminds me of this scene from . "Give it to him, Andrew!"
thank goodness you posted it, I had no idea how I would find it because I didn't remember the names. 
It took a little bit of sleuthing. :)
pew pew pew
It is a laser!


Maybe it is more like one of them bzzzzzzzzzzzzzz lasers....
Kinda related: I drive 1.5 hours to school in every morning around 6 am in an easterly direction, so the sun is in my face. Anyway, I'm driving one morning and I see this silhouette of a man walking along a bridge that crosses above my highway. It's early, so I assume it's an elderly person out for a morning walk or something. However, as my car approaches the bridge, the guy stops and points at me "Dirty Harry" style with what looks like a gun in one hand (remember, I can only see his silhouette in the sun). I freak out thinking it's some crazy drunk person taking pot shots at passing cars, so naturally my GTA instincts kick in and I accelerate rapidly and start swerving out of fear of bullets. No shots came, but once I passed under the bridge a state trooper pulls in behind me with sirens blazing. Apparently, his partner was sanding on the bridge with one of these radar guns that I mistook for an actual gun. I explained this to the state trooper after he asked me if I had been drinking (I accelerated to 90 mph and was swerving across 2 lanes). He actually laughed and apologized for the confusion, and he told me that his partner was a rookie and probably wasn't holding the gun in a "non-aggressive" manner as he was trained. Thankfully he let me go once he realized I had the shit scared out of me..TL:DR- Thought someone was shooting at me from a bridge, but it was a rookie cop with a radar gun being a dick.
contest the ticket.  when only the guy who stopped you appears in court, ask him a leading question to get him to admit there was a second officer with the gun.  that officer wont be in court 99% of the time because he didnt write the ticket.  .because the cop who stopped you did NOT see the gun, and any testimony about what tge cop on the bridge said ir saw is hearsay (youll need to object to the hearsay testimony) any decent judge following the law will be forced to side with you.
When it comes to police stops: honesty is the best policy (assuming you're not a criminal, drinking and driving, or on probation.)
Apologies. When I said he let me go, I meant without a ticket. So, the one that pulled me was a GG cop while his rookie partner scared me from the bridge.
well, guess my advice stands for the next driver caught by a chasecar cop.
My friend's dad taught me the rule to never break two laws at once. If you're impaired (NOT THAT YOU SHOULD BE) don't speed. If you're speeding, don't be transporting drugs. Flawless logic, really. I haven't been to jail yet!
And if your fleeing the scene of a terrorist attack, have valid tags on your car.  .See . for more information.
But according to Reddit all cops are heartless bastards who are just looking for a reason to kill people. 
He didn't get a ticket, yo.
Johnny five! Nooooo!
"number ... five <gasp> ... is ... alive..."
Clever! My first thoughts too. Johnny Five is alliiiiuggh!
I like to think Johnny five is up in robot heaven getting all the input he can handle
Shh.... no more tears. Only dreams, Johnny5.
Don't worry:.Johnny Five Lives!
No disassemble!
I know, right? Shit's messed up right there...
No disassemble!
YOUR MAMA WAS A SNOW BLOWER.

My new favorite gif. I hate that loudmouth.
STOP RESISTING!
Just bash it against the car till all the resistors break.
I COULD SMELL THE MARIJUANA FROM YOUR CPU FROM MILES AWAY
He can't help it! His battery's voltage is higher than he was rated to handle!
It kinda looks like ROB
not funy 

Wall-EEEEEEEEEEEE
EEEEeeeevvvv uuuuhhhhhhh
That's the last time he'll ever fuck up Gyromite
First they shot our dogs.  Now they're choking our bots.  Next they'll be tazering our holograms.
Run emergency medical hologram, run as fast as you can...oh...
I backhanded the shit out of that robot while playing that game.
The Angry Video Game Nerd had his say about ROB already.
Im so happy someone made an AVGN reference, i feel good now that i finally understand one reference in about 50
He wouldn't have done that to a white robot.
-Al Sharpton

white robots dont get in trouble with the cops, so yeah.
Johnny5 ali...ackk
the camera man was beaten and killed after this picture was taken
But still managed to post the picture in reddit for karma.
Zombie karma is the best karma.
zombie redditer...what are his weaknesses? and strengths?
Oh god here we go, i can see the . title for this post already "Police officer chokes robot, not held responsable for his actions, proving the U.S. is giving all its citizens a nonconsensual anal probe!!!!".
Edit: wording
there would never be white robots, because white robots would have the willpower to not let them be enslaved.
UPDATE: I think you english forgot.
I fixed it. I was just super excited.
It had to be said.
8/10 cops would strangle again. 


Best post here, so stupid. I love it.
JUSTICEFORROBOT



rascism joke above. i remember a time when their was just intellectuals on the site. can we restore redit? you tell me redit.
Reddit*
I just clicked on your name, how does one have -33,000 comment karma? I didn't even know that was possable
You seem very... Intelligent. 
I see you've met ferd.
Is he some sort of infamous redditor that I am unaware of?
Yup. He's pretty much the only guy to accumulate so many downvotes in a single month. He even has his own subreddit. Best troll on Reddit.
lol so he liked the downvotes? ok then....I'm probably going to regret this, but what is his subreddit?

880 Ferdlonians.... oh god
fuck you ass whole
Guys keep this losers posts at zero, he wants the downvotes.
As if I would delete it.
33k negative comment karma, I think he may be on a quest.
I hope you are joking like he was.
restore redit guys
This guy think downvotes are a trophy, don't mind
And through this I learned what a misanthrope is...
This is definitely a regional phenomenon..I lived in southern Rhode Island for about two years.  It's common practice to stop for pedestrians and wave them on when they're waiting to cross the street (regardless of traffic light status).  The person would usually smile and wave back as they crossed..I then drove down to the DC area to visit a college.  The first time i did the same thing there, I got the dirtiest look for the guy.  He glared at me as he crossed like "fuck you for telling me I can or can't walk".  Overly suddenly remembered where I was.
If you develop a sense of community you might ban together with your neighbors and challenge the status quo. Work, consume, mate, spawn, and die.
Any more than 2 seconds and you're likely to kick off a Soul Gaze!
This reminds me of going to school at UCSD
I'm pretty sure this sticker was stuck up as a prank along with many others. .(Free karma for whoever can put them in an imgur album first)
Pretty sure that's meant to be ironic...

2 seconds eye contact is a bit too intense for me, lets just avoid eye contact all together. Accidental split second eye contact is fine.
This post struck me at a personal level being raised in the south and living in a small town it was always common courtesy to say hello or nod your head to people that you see at the store even if you didn't know them it was for acknowledgement that they were there. The first time I went to the city and did the same thing I was told by one of my friends that i shouldn't greet people like that because it could cause issues with some of the people. 
I feel like people want to make eye contact with me even though they see I am trying to avoid it.
Japanese people should really follow this guideline... they make me feel very uncomfortable riding subways/trains with their sustained intense eye-lock the whole way. even when i catch them staring at me, they don't stop... so then I look away
Sweden in a nutshell
Also France? Except instead of two seconds, it's more line two milliseconds.
When I went to acting school in New York, every Swede I had classes with (there were a lot of them) was friendly and awesome.  .When I went to Sweden, nobody was nice at all!  :/
they were just acting nice
You suck.
I don't know what that means.
we should have those in sweden. it's pretty spot on
I would sit behind that sign and death stare everyone through the glass.
Urban Solitude would be an amazing band name.
Not a band but it is a 
Here in Belgium that's standard practice for everyone. Even non-misanthropes hate contact with strangers in public. Especially during commute, in waiting rooms or elevators. I love my country and all of its anti-social bastards. If it wasn't for all those fucking tourists trying to befriend the locals or ask retarded questions to anyone who passes by, this place would be goddamn heaven for a misanthrope like myself.
This is fight clubby.
I wouldn't have been surprised if this was an official london train notice.
If it was, everybody would be chummy as fuck all of a sudden.
I hope whoever put this sign up doesn't live in the south.
I love the phrase "urban solitude".
As someone who uses the London Underground everyday this speaks to me. A shirtless man started asking me about my tattoos today... READ THE STICKER.
just as long as no one else speaks to you, right?
Guerilla tube stickers where a thing almost a year ago if I remember correctly, if anybody want to see some more here is an 
TIL what a misanthrope is.
Try a google image search for 'Miss Anthrope'. NSFW
I'm at work, but I might have to do that later XD
And how exaggerated and often completely misused the term is
Too bad the same train also had . on it. Enjoy your ride.
Damn...just another step closer to "Caves of Steel".
I feel like this belongs in .. I understand that some people are antisocial, but for someone higher up to actually encourage that seems... dumb.
Only a joke, not official. 
After actually looking at the detail on this photo I just realized it's a sticker on a window. I thought it was a large sign sitting against an escalator. Thanks for that! Now I feel dumb
Sure thing. You never know. 
This has to be in England. 
Yes, it's a 'guerilla' art series put up in the London Underground, using the same font that official notices are in.
One of the most interesting bits of living in New York City was this (actually a great name for it) Urban Solitude. .You're surrounded by people almost all the time, people who ostensibly could be eavesdropping, judging or otherwise being dicks. Your apartment will likely have walls thin enough that you can hear the buzz of conversations (and certainly altercations) your neighbors are having...which means they can hear you too. .There's effectively no real privacy in the City unless you've got some secret place you can go to enjoy your solitude...but even then you're probably not even . to the only person who considers that their secret spot. .Of course, everyone . privacy sometimes...so what do you do? Well the people of New York opt to basically ignore the shit out of each other at all times. The effect is really quite striking; you feel isolated and secure even when surrounded by thousands of people. .It's like having an invisibility cloak: you can call attention to yourself if you want, but the rest of the time you're just another flesh-colored bit of the press. Fuck I love that place.
There was a post or an article (maybe both) in which a foreigner (to the US) actually pointed out that New York isn't as cold of a place as large cities in other countries. People will actually make eye contact with you, however short it is, and might even give you a nod. In foreign cities, they don't..But, I've only been to Chicago, Houston, Atlanta, Dallas, and Boston. Can't say anything about NY with personal experience.
This looks like it could be a text box for a Final Fantasy game. Like when cloud's walking around the train cars with Barrett and his big ass gun arm in Midgar.
I was sure, looking at the thumbnail, that this was a screenshot from final fantasy. I thought it was perhaps in the lobby of the ShinRa building where you have to sequentially sneak passed all the guards.
Came here to say just this; I no longer feel bad about myself.
This comment brought back memories. I miss that game terribly 
That sounds horrible. I'd rather keep my "Can't see any of my neighbors, sit out on the front porch naked, shower in the rain, shoot the turkey on my lawn (also likely naked) no matter if its hunting season or not" house in Kentucky.
To each their own dude. I'd prefer to be able to get anything I want (in person or via delivery) at any time. Getting to go out to thousands (.) of places to eat, drink or be entertained whenever the fuck you want is pretty incredible. .But your thing sounds nice too if you're into that sort of thing. 
So you enjoy being a redneck. Good for you. .For the record though, . sounds horrible. 
To be fair  I'll point out you did make it seem pretty shitty and in this comment are acting like you didnt. 
I don't see how I made it seem shitty. It's one of the multitudes of unique cultural phenomenon that pop up in urban environments. Consider the situation and then interpret the societal reaction. There are . of people in Manhattan alone at any one time; by all rights, you shouldn't really have any privacy.... That's fucking amazing. 
I think that sounds great to you but to those of us that are used to actual privacy don't see this second tier version to be all too fulfilling. But I guess as you said to each their own.
Two seconds seems too long. I'm okay with a glance, but anything more than that is staring.

glaring. it's impossible to not feel like a creep on public transportation. 
A natural smile usually helps.
so, stop looking like Mr. Bean(Rowan Atkinson)?
Two seconds is reasonable grounds for murder. If I stared at someone for two seconds, I'd think it fair enough if they killed me. Then again, they'd also have been staring at me for those two seconds so maybe I should kill them. Justifiable homicide is complicated.
Sure is, just ask Zimmerman
When I moved back to Long Island after years in the south, my friend finally said to me one day, "Will you stop saying hello to every person we pass?!  It' so rude!"  Blew my mind at the time.
You wouldn't be saying that if you were black!
I can see it being uncommon but how could this possibly be construed as rude?
Acting against social etiquette is rude. If the social etiquette is to not say hello to strangers, then saying hello is rude. Sure, your intentions are friendly, but that doesn't matter as far as being rude goes. The same situation could happen with hugs. It is about not making the people around you uncomfortable. Some areas just don't say hello to strangers and are uncomfortable when someone does so.
Because you're distracting them from their facebooking on their smart phones.
He forgot to mention that he'd say it to those in toilet cubicles.
After asking almost the exact same question(Moved to Edmonton,Alberta) i was explained that its simply so odd to them that most people take it as rude. Same with smiling at someone is most often seen as sarcastic, holding a door an obligation to speed up(stopping at a cross walk too, first time in my life i was flipped off for slowing down for somebody) Also being canadian and having my new friends explain to me that i was using please and thank you way too much was pretty weird, And now that i've moved back to the east coast apparently i'm not friendly anymore :/
I think it's satirical...
I don't think it's satirical, and would personally like every place I go to have a similar sign.
You're so edgy.
Pretty sure it's part of a set of satirical stickers placed around the london underground last year.
This will go straight to the front page because everyone on Reddit considers themselves a misanthrope. Needs more cats and crying about student debt though.
Bah I'm the exact opposite. Had a great chat with a guy at the beach the other day about hang gliding and then went on my way.. although from what I have heard/read it does seem to be a more American thing to not trust others... perhaps that is just media hype though over isolated incidents.
DAE hate people?
they are . worst!
Sprinkled with masterbation.
...and loaded with procrastination.
...with toppings of neckbeard perspiration.
...and references to the latest internet sensation.
...whose fame defies explanation.
...demands your total concentration.
... Copulation? Damn it.
..now this is just mindless recitation.
...I call it regurgitation!
Team Rocket, blast off at the speed of light!

A Dalmatian Plantation, I say!

You're the reason the human race is so disconnected and why we have to gather here on reddit and not together in a fun field or something 
Move to Atlanta: urban ecosystem, but everyone waves at you or says hello.
Man, I would normally agree with you... but having lived in a few major cities, I cant express how many creepy fucking people will attempt to talk to you on the bus/train.
I agree. While saying hello to people on the street or in a store is okay, doing the same thing to people on public transit, in an enclosed car where they're pretty much trapped and can't move away, is creepy.
This!  You generally know when people are fucking weird.  On the whole and whole, I talk to most anyone who says hello on MARTA.  Not like full dialogue, but asking how their day is generally is not a bad thing..Stop being fucking self-absorbed and afraid of the world, people.  Get the fuck out.
Does it bother you that some people don't feel like talking to strangers?
When that statement applies 100% of the time, yes.
No, but unless your people skills are as keen as a retarded 15 year old, then i'm pretty sure you can gauge if a conversation is going to go past "Hello."   .You don't just walk up to random people and go HEY WHATS UP MY NAME IS SO AND SO, HOW ARE YOU DOING?  DO YOU LIKE KITTENS?  WHAT ABOUT DOGS?.That's weird..Conversations pop up.  People in this thread are making it out like they dont want anything to do with anybody ever that they don't know outside of their tiny internet circle.
I thought fun fields were banned in the Geneva Convention. Little kids in third world countries are still losing limbs in ones from WW2. 
Seriously?  So you talk to random strangers while on public transportation, having decent-length conversations and people are totally open to doing that?  Have you made friends or romantic partners this way?
I said i don't have full dialogue.  Only occasionally if some nice old person wants to talk.  My point is to stop being so afraid of people.  .Walking down the street.  Give a nod.  Very common here.   Some even say hello, and I generally reply "how you doin'" or "Hello." and keep going..Some people like to just talk at the bus stop or on the train.  I met an Army Ranger who just got back from hiking the Appalachian trail from Maine, and wound up in the city.  And old people generally are keen on asking how your day is going.  .Southern Hospitality is real, trust me.  And i've been all over the US.  This place is one of the best.  .And the other day I talked to a nice young lady who had 
Define what a "fun field" is.
A field that is fun 
The #1 cause of misantrhropy is human interaction.
It's not his fault. It's the city. We are wired to only give a shit about 150 people at a time. A bus seats 30, 30 standing. give or take. Do you want to spend 2/5ths your give-a-fuck allowance on your daily commute? You'd only be able to give a shit about 90 other people every day, a full 150 on weekends..I think that's also why people tend to treat websites as one person. "REDDIT THINKS THIS, 4CHAN THINKS THAT, 9GAG DOESN'T THINK AT ALL, TUMBLR THINKS THOSE THINGS" meanwhile, the userbases for all these sites are wide-ranging and quite often hold contradicting opinions on things..So, basically what I'm saying is we need more RAM. I've been eating 8GB sticks for breakfast the past few days. I've started shitting blood, I think that means it's working.
Also, CRACKED SAYS THAT
Huh... what part of Atlanta you in?
Kirkwood, for 7 more days. Moving to San Francisco next week.
Yeah... some sort of field. A fun one.
Moving to London, this was the thing that actually made me feel uncomfortable. I'm generally a lone wolf, but I enjoy a bit of human interaction; there, everybody walks looking at his feet, and they seem to think that eye contact is a disease vector. And this was so strange, because if you then ask that same person where's the nearest Tesco or whatever they'll help you in the most polite and helpful manner I've ever seen. But again, many times a simple, random smile from a stranger can lighten up your day a little bit, don't always be so grumpy.
a fun field? what, like dental hygenist?
David Mitchell's opinion about talking to stranger is my anthem.
"You're the reason".Says the guy on reddit...

No, it's stupid that there are signs telling us how to act because some people don't have the balls to just say "fuck off" to someone's face.
The signs are obviously just a joke someone hung up. Relax.
These signs were a joke on the London underground a while back: 
You say "fuck off" to people who engage eye contact with you for longer than 2 seconds? You must have a short temper.
I'd say more of an ITG than a short temper.
That's fair.
There's a difference between hanging out with friends and not wanting to talk to weirdasses on the fucking bus. .I'm social with my friends, I'm social with my coworkers, and in between I just want to be alone. .Excuse me for being introverted. 
The problem with this prevailing attitude is that it creates a chicken and egg problem - to get friends, you first need to have friends. That's why people who move to a new city are often doomed to wallow in loneliness for quite a while.  .edit: Also, 
I dont know, I moved to a new city last year and I have like 12 good friends here already, and an awesome girlfriend. I started with a couple people from work and met people through people. .I just dont think the bus is the best place to meet people, especially because it . the best place to meet weird creepers. I'd rather go to friend's parties and hang out with friends of friends, get to know people in an environment where you know you'll have a drink in your hand and at least a couple things in common with people. 
blue skin? call a doctor.
So you're only social to people when you are forced together in an environment. Such as coworkers and I suspect your friends, which is probably school, (as you want to be left alone any other way, according to you). Where a situation is made for you. Rather than a random set of events. .I don't get your hostility to casual interaction, because, apparently, fuck if you end up talking to people that you casually come in contact with in a random manner. 
Naw, I can't really hang out with my old friends from class because I moved to a new city for work. All my friends I have here I've made here. Usually through a random set of events.  .The thing is, when I'm walking around or riding the bus, I'm . in my head. I'm writing proposals, or designing software. Or hell, I might just be daydreaming sometimes, but either way I really don't appreciate an interruption. 
It's only creepy if they're ugly. If they're good looking it's flattering. Welcome to humanity.
This is Reddit's favourite meme, but no. Creepy behaviour is creepy regardless of who does it. The reason people think you're a creep isn't because you don't look like a swimsuit model. It's because you keep trying to rationalise doing creepy shit.
No if they're good looking I'm still not interested in a conversation.
I don't know why people are downvoting you just because you don't want to talk to strangers. 
Sorry Scarlett Johansson in a bikini, I've got to post this comment on Reddit. No chit chat allowed. 
Word.
We tried that already in the 60's. 
and it was awesome
Says the kid whose nick is something cool to look at while tripping...
Until the heroin came...
Until the fire nation attacked
You're 17.
I was literally about to comment the exact same thing
Free love & weed, what's not to enjoy?
You forgot the LSD.
Massive amounts of super high quality LSD at fractions of what sub par stuff goes for now. I can only imagine what it was like before the government came down on it super hard. 
Lets get real... The weed's never free, man.
Free love is lame, this one is mine go find your own.
The rapid spread of stds...
Nah uh, STD's weren't around at that time, well very few and with very few people. STD's was a scare around the 80's
You might want to take a history class..Syphilis in particular was EVERYWHERE until recent years. 
There are other STDs besides AIDS.
You mean at the beginning, there weren't many cases, but near the end, there were a whole lot.
Not a historian but I still feel we should have free love (not sexual) and weed
GREAT MOVIE! sooo funny!
:C I went to the store for some cookie dough ice cream, and came back with cookies
It was rainy the last couple days here.  Not so bad.
Hot today . . . hot yesterday . . . even hotter today.
Reminds me of 
what is this heat wave everyone is complaining about?

I don't know why Texas is cooler than New England right now, but honestly I don't care. Fuck triple digits.
Heat wave, aka everything but winter in the south 
Give me back the sun. Here in northern Australia in the tropics, it's been 18 degrees all week. But we don't even own jackets, so we're not prepared for this.

I know that part of the country isn't used to it, but it makes me chuckle that mid 90 temps for a few days qualifies as a 'heat wave' in the northeast. In many other parts of the country (and the world) that's known as 'an unseasonably cool summer.'
sign your pitty on the runnin kind,.oh and its hot out too
This is my entire office this week. ENOUGH ALREADY
Heat wave? pshhh..This is every single conversation in Arizona between the months of May and September.
I used to live in the desert. Life pro tip: if you are used to the desert, don't move to places like Missouri, Georgia, etc. A dry 120F in Nevada feels way better than a muggy 86F in the Midwest. Yes, I know Georgia is not in the Midwest.
Damn it's hot out today again.
How hot is it?
"I use public toilets, and I piss on the seat; I walk around in the summer time saying 'How about this heat?' I'm an asshole!" - Dennis Leary, 'I'm an Asshole'
Not in Portland. Fuck me, Portland is gorgeous..I'm not there anymore. :(
My wife does this, it is incredibly frustrating.
Wa da tah!
POOTIETANG!
I love small talk...
As if working in an office during the summer when half the staff is on holiday already and there's really not much to do wasn't dull enough yet, these weather conversations are literally how I spent about 50% of my time this week. 
Well at least it's not hot out today
Yes! Here in Georgia, we have one season: summer. 
Thank you for reminding me, just in time to throw on my finals play list
Pootie Tang is an American cinema classic. It pains me to think that movies like this would never be made in 2013. Movie studios would rather throw $300 million at Pirates of the Caribbean 5: because fuck you, you'll see it
What is this "Heat Wave" business. Its been over 100 everyday of every summer I have ever lived in Texas. Whats a "Heat Wave"?

Pootie too good!  Pootie too good!
Watta Ta
And don't drink malt liquor. Cause you don't need to. Cause you're okay. And remember kids... Don't BAAAAAANG THE DILLIES!
Movie: Pootie Tang.Kapa-Chow!
I had a cat named biggie shorty. Coolest cat ever. 
I say this shit all the time and NO ONE ever gets the reference. 
RIP to all the ice creams melting out there!
I KNOW IT'S HOT OUT! I KNOW! THAT'S WHY I SAID IT!
yessssssssssssssssss
capa tay
Rummy down on kinnyside my tippytay
Florida. Every damn day. 
Hot here in England. I like it got but its too hot. Us Brits are never happy.
where is this from? wanna see!
Man! We need more Pootie Tang gifs and memes!
Thank you
Pootie Tang great movie.
warm today. warm yesterday too. warmer today though
In Arizona we had one rule when working in the heat: Don't talk about the heat.
She my main damie
Its the heat. 
Haven't seen this for a while, still makes me happy
Oh Arthur!
Just danne on some frille dillies.
No one ever gets the reference when i say its hot too.
Upvoted for not mentioning Louis CK
With all this heat I think of how nice it would be to live in San Francisco.  Then I remember it is in California, and it's San Francisco...
Wa da ta!
Dennis Leary IS a dumb asshole. I don't know why that guy has a career.
hole-iol-io!
I don't kline the tiny tanies, my damie! upvote saddah tae.
Wa da ta ma damies?
It wasn't this hot out when the white guy was president. 
Funniest movie ever made I think.
Where I work the prime irritation isn't comments on the heat (although they also come in waves), it's people prefacing every in-person meeting with, "Whelp, summer's practically over!  Only 6 weeks till September, it's about past already and it seems like it's hardly begun."  This started in early June.
dammit trucky! That's what I just said!
Wa da Tay! Gots ta say the nay no my brotha! 
Weird, just watched this movie last night.  I also think it's the only time I've seen this on reddit.
Pootie-tang reference, LOVE IT!
Mr. Softie shall be my savior this weekend.
its not the heat its the huminity
Pootie done did it again
Pootie too good!
I just found out the other day this was written and directed by Louis CK.  I always liked the movie but never knew that.
I loved this movie and didn't find out till . I met him that he wrote and directed it. 
EVERYONE THIS GUY MET LOUIS CK
What is this?
Pootie Tang.
Here in Arizona we only have one heat wave, and its called summer.
I was just going to say the same thing. Arizonan here. 
Right?  I'm here in Texas and like, this is every conversation with a stranger from May-November.  
Yeah but you have that nice dry heat.  The humidity in the north east is awful.
Florida here, cry more.
Wasn't aware that I was crying.
Reasons to live in Arizona:.
1. It starts with A so it's near the top of those 'select your state' lists.
2..
3..
4..
5.  
When its not 120 out, which is only a few days of summer its actually really nice. The lowest the temp gets (in phoenix where i live) is about 30 so its almost always perfect out in fall spring and most days of winter. Besides it a dry heat so its not too bad at all. The worst part its forggeting to leave your windows cracked on your car and walking into an oven with raging molten seat buckles. :)
I lived there for a while and even the summer didn't seem as bad as it is in TN or KS. The moisture kills me.
Yeah but the winter weather is perfect!


Also with the coolest airport logo that looks like the Rebel Alliance logo. .For people that don't know what it looks like:.The airport name itself is pretty cool too, "Sky Harbor"..I fly through Phoenix too many times because Tucson International is as expensive as shiiiiit.
Yeah but they make some sweet, recession proof, iced tea! 
Made in New York. 
I live in the deep south, holy hell the difference between a white vehicle and a dark blue in the summer time is huge!.Also there's plenty of reasons to live in Arizona. Saguaros, Saguaro National Park, other cacti, Biosphere 2. ...Obviously I've only ever been in the Tucson area.
So a reason to live in AZ is if your litterally locked in a bubble and not allowed to leave?
Haha, dem cacti :)flagstaff, payson, and prescott are wonderful ALL THE TIME if you wanna take a trip relativly close.
Arizona has that giant crater. I saw it when I was 6. It was awesome
It makes Arizona State seem like an awesome place to work if you are in Biology..Also it's hella dope.

California has all of those, without days where it's 120 in the summer. AND there's amazing skiing.
But any time you golf, you have to feel really guilty because of the amount of water diverted for those massive lawns.
my 2,3,4,5 got changed to 1,2,3,4 :(
It's a "feature" of markdown. If you want different numbers, you have to escape the period with a back slash, like this: 2\..2. Number 2.3. Number 3.4. Number 4.(If you have ., click on . for this comment)
Escape the Period. Sounds like a flash game about avoiding a menstruating woman. 
Don't you guys have to have little walls around your yards so that scorpions and snakes don't invade and kill everything with a pulse?.That pulls a lot of weight for me...
there is only really a few spots where scorpions are a problem.  It's kind of like saying you don't want to live anywhere in New York because of the rats.
nope, not at all.
its non-potable water, also known as re-use water from the wastewater plants. You couldnt drink it anyway, its destined to irrigation and coooling towers. 
And you get to spend 3 times more to live there...
Sa da tay!
wa da ta
and feel okay
Sepatown...
it still blows my mind that louis ck directed pootie tang
Same here, I had to read it twice to be sure it said Louis C.K.
And wrote it. 
I'm gonna sine your pitty on the runny kine 
Excuse me, what did you just say?
....co me down on the panty stai?
Oooohhhh!  Co me down on the panty stai!
See, my damie, Pootie Tang don't wa da tah to the shama cow cause that's a cama cama leepa-chaii, dig?
I got to say the nay no my damie.
I love that he follows it with 'wa da tah'. Then Dave Attell replies with the most incredulous reading of "Wa da tah?! How could you say the nay-no to $20 million dollars!?"
Not the tippy ties!
Oh, you know. We got Bad Biddy, Dirty Dee, Biggie Shorty, and uh, Robert Vaughn.
 
Why bother? Who is this guy hurting? 
Hey hey, that's not . magic, you're obviously using some kind of slight of hand!.Hey, you guys aren't . wrestling, you're just pretending to wrestle as part of an elaborate show!.Billy, get behind me, that's not really Mickey Mouse, it's just a man in a suit paid to impersonate him!.And, yet, seemingly adult individuals seem to take such smug satisfaction in "proving" that panhandlers/beggars may be misrepresenting their situation.  What are you, five?  "Oh, I never give homeless people money, because they're just running a con!  Didya know?  Anyhow, I have to go wire some money to my dead uncle's bank in Thailand now.".Also, suck it Grand Rapids.
How did he know he was lying? Can someone give me some background to this?
he admitted it on a local news report
I like people who go after the big guys 
Wow, he really showed that beggar! 
That's Joe from Free Beer and Hotwings.
Hilarious! Im laughing way to hard now! This is too funny for r/funny!!
My job involved lots of driving and I would often lunch in my car parked in shaded parking lots when a young woman pulled up beside me with 2 sleeping kids in the back seat told me she was out of gas and couldn't get back home.  I told her I hoped she wasn't scamming me and gave her some cash.  A few months later, in a different parking lot, the same woman pulled the same routine on me.  When I called out, she jumped in her car and took off.   Would guess 99% of these jerks are financially better off than me.
Producer Joe! I love the FBHW show
This is bullshit. What is this accomplishing? If you don't like panhandlers, don't give them money. This guy wasn't hurting anybody and shaming a private citizen like this is a pretty disgusting thing to do.
Someone was trying to pull the same shit here in my home town. He sat outside with a sign and 3 kids claiming that they were homeless and needed donations. He was arrested later at Wal-Mart for doing the same thing, only this time he only had 1 kid.
The other 2 kids were outsourced to India.
They um are in the house .What house.House did I say house I meant 
That's real karma. Way to go DJ.
Free Beer and Hot Wings! I was listening to that broadcast before I got to work so I didn't here how it turned out. I fucking love that radio show, Producer Joe is the shit and the guys have such a great sense of humor. Definitely not your standard radio show.
Producer Joe is the best
Wacky morning dj says "homeless" mans a joke!
Do you believe in the one big song?
Thank you, I can now sleep tonight knowing my reference was not lost on everyone :)
He's not homeless though. He owns a house.
I ninja added some quotes for clarity, just for you!
I think I remember listening to this on the morning radio a couple days ago. It was the Free Beer and Hotwings show. I remember the hosts asking if he was at all worried about this fake douche-bag. Then mentioned that it only takes like 6 lbs of pressure to break a man's knee backwards; ya know, just in case it gets hairy. He was wearing flip flops and was then made fun of for it.
All these local news organizations suddenly deciding to "help out the little guy and expose corruption in small communities" seems comparable to a second grader picking on a first grader, then a thirty year old man coming in and punching the second grader in the face..I know it isn't good that the guy is lying, but if I was homeless, I'd lie, cheat, and steal to get what I needed.
So I could do this with a resident who lives at my building, yet holds a homeless sign begging for money two streets down from said building?  Hmmmmm....
is that joe from freebeer and hotwings?
holy shit, Radio talk shows have the most annoying names.. 
Yes it is!  My favorite radio show all time!
Lolololol. Oh TheRealestOne. You crack me up.
He sure is fat!!!
I was listening when he chased him down and Rudy got incredibly pissed, great joe work!!!
Same thing happened in Cincinnati. He was called out on the news and no one has seen him since. Probably just moved somewhere else.
Or killed himself :-(
Pretty sure I have the same shirt as the guy pretending to be homeless.
Totally gave money to that guy! I know it's karma-whoring, but that corner's like a block north of City Campus of GVSU. I aint even mad.
Hobo Truth Brigade!.Listen to FB&HW every morning here in Nashville. Love that show. 
Maybe he is poor and desperate and fucking hungry?
Maybe. Or maybe he's like a lot of faux homeless people: lazy, full of shit and pretending to be worse off than they really are. I wouldn't have such an issue with it if A) my town wasn't overrun with them, and B) they weren't taking resources away from people who are legitimately homeless and can't do anything about it. 
You're my . deputy. 
Looks to me like he was saying that he has a home, but doesn't live with a veterinarian.  I'd give a guy a buck for that.
"Hey Bill, this guy is out there harassing homeless people."."Well damn Jim, that's pretty much our entire job, we should make him a deputy".
The ones down here lie about being out of gas.
Police really earning their pay there 
Becoming a Junior Deputy is . something that happens overnight. It takes one solid weekend of training to get that badge.
It's Joe the Producer from the Free Beer and Hot Wings show!
This just in, black teen shot and killed by white man. The man states he has the authority because he is a "Junior Deputy". Details at 11.
Oh, I thought the panhandler was awarded a junior deputy.
Grand Rapids is fairly conservative.  It wouldn't stand well for people to lie about serving. . ..(source, I'm from that area!)
I listen to free beer and hot wings in the mornings as well. I find them pretty entertaining before a monotonous day of work.
This is going to be on ., so hard.
Freebeer and Hotwings! I fucking love these guys. VIP membership gets me through work.
Do they pass out the badges like that?
My mom owns a restaurant in Hollywood and I worked there growing up.  There were a lot of 'homeless' people who would panhandle and I got to know them pretty well (I used to smoke cigarettes out on the street and they was an area outside where a few of them hung out).  I slowly learned that a lot of them had places to stay and in many cases, they even had cars.  After hanging out with them for a while, it was surprising how many people would give them 20s, 50s, and 100s instead of the $1 or spare change I was expecting.  .First of all, most of them are scams and you can usually tell by the presence of a shopping cart.  The true homeless need a way to carry their belongings as they have nowhere to leave them as well as a way to subsidize their panhandling with collecting recyclables out of trash cans.  I even knew one guy who would go around on a wheelchair for the pity factor when he was able to walk perfectly fine.  Second of all, on some days, they make more $ than a full-time minimum wage employee.  Third of all, (this only goes for the ones I talk to), was that most of their money did go to drugs/alcohol.  After I learned this, I only offer food/water to the homeless.  If they don't want it, too bad.
I drive through this intersection every day and I've seen this guy many times over the last few weeks.  He's a complete asshole.  He yells at woman when they are sitting in their cars at the light. .It's so crazy to see this on reddit...
Yo dawg, I live near G.R.! The panhandeling epidemic is outrageous, ever since the . and won..edit:
Here in Denver they followed a guy that had been begging at Evans and I-25...........back to his Jaguar.........then back to his house in Highlands Ranch.......... He had gotten laid off and started begging, he did the math and if the light changed every 20 seconds and he got a new sap to give him a dollar each time he was making $3/min, or $180/hr. Some cycles he got nothing, some he got $20. .Asshole.
way to go GR!
Good job, Producer Joe!
that's not even the same guy in the top and middle picture.
Yeah, glad we all got together to put a stop to this guy's rampage.
Today, same guy (the morning radio guy) was out on the same corner collecting money for REAL veterans.
As a veteran I hate those people that beg on corners while claiming to be veterans.  If they are veterans and need assistance they can go to the VA, there are plenty of programs/people that will help them out..If you want to help these guys keep a few cards with the phone number and address of the local VA handy, if they are veterans that'll do more for them then a couple of dollars.
I used to live there
Haha, love FB&HW
that is in my home town...weird...
Give credit where credit is due.  WZZM did the expose on panhandlers.
Freebeer and Hotwings is the best morning radio show that has ever existed.
Producer motherfucking joe. LOVE FBHW!
Joe is the producer not the DJ even though he is on like every morning
What A douchebag...
Free beer and hot wings! That's producer joe!
Free Beer and Hotwings!
Wow, Americans really don't come out of their cars for anything, do they?
This image is misleading..It's from .The guy in frame one is actually homeless and lies about being a vet. He and 2 other homeless dudes work shifts then pool their money and buy beer.  They live under a bridge..The guy in frame two is the one the reporter followed home.
[deleted]
I think it's a badge they give little kids that visit the police station.
These guys are the only reason I ever listen to terrestrial radio anymore.  
Stay classy, Grand Rapids.
[deleted]
Grand Rapids, Michigan.  Not really a small town.  About 1 million people in the metro area.
So you're okay with people pretending to be vet's to get money?
I want to know how they proved he was lying.  There are a lot of people that do this in the Raleigh area & I detest them.
A local news station asked him about it. It's linked further up in the comments.
Thanks!

Simpsons did it!
Yay! Let's make the lives of homeless people even harder for the lulz!.Is it right to lie about being a vet? Absolutely! Is it also wrong to make entertainment out of someone else's homelessness? Yep!
He's not actually homeless
Read the comments dip shit. The guy is NOT homeless, nor a vet. Get the fuck off your high horse.
That radio guy is a douche!Just ignore the beggar if you don't want to help him/her.Jeez.Right now as we speak there are scumbag bizness men stealing billions of your tax dollars right now!!Go protest THAT!!
Every corner in Grand Rapids, MI has a "homeless" "veteran" asking for commuters loot. No reason to single one of them out.
It's times like this that I regret moving from this area. They aren't syndicated in my area and I'm too poor to podcast.
leave him alone hes a panhandler
the dj is an asshole.
I didn't know it was illegal to be pretend to be a veteran. It's a good thing it is I guess...
I think it's only illegal to lie about receiving a military medal. Look up the Stolen Valor Act if you're interested.
last I'd heard the stolen valor act was unfortunately found unconstitutional. Yep, . end of the first paragraph.
Not unfortunate. As an American, you have every right to be as big a douche-canoe as you like, so long as your douchiness doesn't infringe on the rights of others. Douche baggery is not illegal.
I'd always thought of it as an individual fraudulently misrepresenting themselves for personal gain more than being a douche, but I see your point.
The Stolen Valor Act was ruled unconstitutional by the U.S. Supreme Court.
Who said it was illegal?
The cops award people who help them arrest people or stop something illegal... Thus, I assume its illegal.
Or they just thought he was being a good citizen by exposing a public liar.
It's possible.
No, it's not illegal to say you were in the military if you weren't...it's not right, but not illegal. It is illegal to put on a uniform and impersonate though. It's also illegal to display awards/service medals claiming they are yours if you were not rightfully awarded them..EDIT: Apparently it's no longer against the law to display a medal as if you were awarded it... Being a veteran, I don't agree with this choice, but this is the law as it is, so I suppose that's how it's going to be.
PRODUCER JOE!.He's from Free Beer and Hot Wings - I was listening to this on the radio during my drive to work this morning.
local news report
A pan handler in my city got called out on the news for lying about being a Vietnam vet. The reporter was like "What where you in Vietnam when you where 5?"
WERE
Salt lake city.
Sport6 is correcting your grammar, not asking a question.
Not sure if stupid or amazing reverse troll...
asshole dj. the guy is a bum. cut him some slack.
I'm a vet and i still think he should be cut some slack. Now if he was committing fraud and receiving veteran's benefits somehow...
yeah obviously that would be fucked up. but this guy is obviously just trying to get by, and just barely. glad you agree. I wish a vet like you would have been there to deck that attention grabbing DJ prick.
He was only pretending to be a bum cause he could make like $20/hr
Who is this Junior Deputy douche? Doesn't he know that this citeh belongs to....THE COON?
radio DJs should be worrying about our eroding rights and the corporate take over of the American government instead of picking on street beggars.
Gotta love Free Beer and Hot Wings Producer Joe stunts.
What up G.R.!
so in other words, he was a DJ and he became a JD?
He's lying out desperation, survival mechanism, but in the land of you're either a scumbag or a hero he's a scumbag, you're watching fox 
Pro tip, if you suspect that someone is not homeless and is simply taking away money from people that actually need it, look and their face and shoes. If they're clean shaven and have good teeth, they're not homeless. If they have decent shoes that look fairly new/ cost a lot of money, they're not homeless.
If a homeless person has a funny sign, he hasn't been homeless that long.  A real homeless person is too hungry to be funny.. 
I just realized I may look homeless...
Well not that guy that the cop bought boots for a while back...
I remember when that got posted to Reddit. In a week+ some news station started saying how it was staged. Haven't heard anything about him after that
Nope, that didn't last.
The video and back story for this can be found ..  The show has it's own subreddit too - > 
Those guys cross the line between funny and just being assholes too often for my liking.
What was the song at the end? It sounded like "Too High for the Supermarket" by the Uninvited. I used to know the drummer and they have some pretty good songs.
Hah, I heard this on the radio this morning.  I guess I didn't realize how big of a show FBHW is.  I only moved into an area that carries it on the radio a couple of years ago..Edit: typo
I was just about to say that LOOKS LIKE PRODUCER JOE! 
take that, homeless people! been getting a free ride for far too long.
Hey, this is my hometown!
Dammit i knew that . looked familiar. I've seen this guy lots of times too..Also pictured is a wonderful example of quality Michigan roads.
GR is legit. My only issue with GR is that the majority of (older) G Rappers are conservative nut jobs.  I guess it is what you get when your city is founded by Amway. .But I like the city and have bunch of friends from there. 
Mine too! I originally heard about this when WGRD's Facebook page interrupted their "babe of the day" posts with a news story
Oh how I enjoy seeing GR on reddit. Even if it is because of a douchebag. 
Grand Rapids, and Free Beer and Hotwings mother fucker
GR representing!
I drive through Grand Rapids on my way up to Houghton Lake. I took the detour from 196 onto 131, which basically means you get off, and turn around to get on from the opposite on-ramp..Saw a guy holding a cardboard sign with the whole "homeless vet" spiel. The lady in the car in front of me gave him some cash..Driving over the highway to get back on going the other way, there's another guy with the . asking for money on from the cars exiting from the other direction..I doubt the lady in front of me noticed, but if she did, she sure would have felt stupid..I now take a different route to skip that detour and the beggars.
Good to see i'm not the only one who 
I too live in this town. What do I win?
A free ticket to detroit!
GRap native here! Love seeing 97.9 on the front page of funny. Producer Joe is awesome.
I'm not from Grand Rapids, but Wing Heaven has some very good wings.  I wish they were in New Jersey.
Yea buddy, I live near that corner!.Luckily Ive never given that guy anything.   .Way to go Producer Joe!!!
GR native stationed in Japan, reddit finds a way.
EVERY damn exit in this town is someone with a sign
Really! I only drive through that one spot, so I wouldn't know.
He isn't homeless.  He owns a home and is lying about being a military veteran.  He admitted to it on a local news report (like an idiot.)  He can make up to $20 an hour with his lies.
I don't care if people want to lie about having a home, that's a moot point in my opinion. Rough times can happen to . anyone. HOWEVER, I also take offense at the claim of "vet". Only those who have earned that right should ever get to use it so should they choose.
I still don't really see anything wrong with it...
Reminds me of The Man With the Twisted Lip.
That's probably because you're a piece of garbage.
What the!  Im an actual vet, maybe I should take up panhandling.  And here ive been trying to be a productive citizen. 
Why not both?
Don't worry. OP has no idea what he's talking about. Begger does not own a home. He is homeless. Spends 95% of money on booze. Sleeps under bridge. As stated in post OP posted. Face palm. 
You don't see anything wrong with using deception to make a living preying on the sympathies of others who believe they're helping someone genuinely in need, rather than getting a fucking job and doing something even vaguely productive that adds value in literally any way whatsoever?.Or hey, let's step back from the "this piece of shit doesn't deserve what he's lying to get" angle. He's taking money that might otherwise . gone to a person genuinely in need. You're seriously okay with that?
I watched the news report. He . homeless, he just isn't a vet. Also he spends all of the money on booze.
Either way he isn't getting my money. Hell, im not even getting my money. 
Hey, maybe the guy treats animals on his off time. 
Why were there so many sick animals in Vietnam?
I just got really thirsty. 
Yeah, if he treats & releases stray animals, he's still a homeless vet.
Nope, he admitted to lying about being homeless and a vet on local TV news.  He is just a douche.  Rudy the douche.
What other breaking stories do the local TV news stations carry in that town?
Aw, my dog's name is Rudy and he's really fat and harmless and not too bright and I'm crying tears of laughter now.
It's really weird seeing where I live on Reddit.. There are quite a few "homeless" people here in GR that are dressed decently well and you can tell they are not totally fucked. However you do see a lot of people here as well that are quite skinny and do need the help.  Nice one on this guy.  I don't give out cash to anyone unless I can really tell they're hurting..other than that keep some pulltab canned food in the car. 
There are several types of homeless..There are the working homeless, that you'll find scattered around.  They have jobs but make so little that they can't afford a place.  Typically male, since there are few housing resources available..Non-working/Searching homeless, they're looking for work. .These two groups are typically clean, they may imbibe occasionally or casually use drugs, but they rarely have alcohol or drug problems..Then there are the addicts.  "Rudy" is a part of this group.  The addicts are habitually in and out of rehab, jail, or the hospital and frequently drunk or high.  They do whatever it takes to get their next fix, be it leach, lie, cheat, or steal.  Addicts may have jobs, but they don't keep them.  Not all addicts are bad people, there are some that because of their addictions, they're taken advantage of, but they're few and far between..Finally there are the mentally ill or handicap.  These are the people you see talking to themselves, or feeble minded.  They belong in mental institution or at the very least a group home, however there is nowhere for them to go.  Shunned by society, incapable of holding down a job, or interacting with people.  They're often used or abused..Now as for nicely dressed, don't let that fool you.  Being nicely dressed and being homeless are two very different things.  In the Grand Rapids area, you have places like Degage that offer free showers, as well as low-cost laundry services.  For women, they as well as other locations offer temporary, emergency, and long-term affordable housing..Most of the people pan-handling don't dress well nor do they tend to clean up well because it provides a look.  A nicely dressed person pan-handling won't get very far compared to someone who looks downtrodden and destitute.
I don't see why the didn't just share the corner. 
I saw one where the guy makes 110k a year panhandling, doesn't pay taxes and on welfare.  Sits in a wheelchair and acts mentally disabled. 
congrats on completely missing the joke
He isn't a vet but he . homeless.
He's a phony, a big fat phony!
I agree. I instantly recognized those backgrounds and my brain broke a little. 
I have taken to keeping food, bottled water, bus passes, etc on me. That way if someone is really in need I have something to offer.
Or maybe since the US is so ridiculously patriotic and military crazy he noticed that the only homeless people anyone gives a shit about are homeless veterans. So in order to get any money or help, he lied about that, and voila, people gave a shit. Now they know he's not one and he's just another homeless douche you don't see.
You were the type of kid that ate the paint chips weren't you?
Are you a stupidly patriotic American? 'MURICA!!! Support the Troops!!!1one.Fightin' fer freedom!!! The freedom of oil from being in middle east hands!! Bush 2004!!! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!! Fuckin' A Brah!!!
Or he's a homeless man who noticed that no one gives a shit if a man is homeless unless he's a veteran.
HE ISN'T HOMELESS!!! HE OWNS A HOME!!!
People fall on hard times, bro...try and relax a bit. 
No, he doesn't.
But he isn't homeless.  HE OWNS A HOME!
Oh.  Then my main complaint is that he said he was homeless.
He doesn't own a home. He is homeless. He . a vet. He just spends all of the money he gets on alcohol.
Legit, I guess.
Back in my grocery store days, I worked with an older woman who said her brother (or her brother-in-law; I can't remember) would panhandle around the holidays and make a bunch of money doing it..My fiance's approach is to give them food or water. However, one time she gave a bottle of water to someone panhandling on the side of the road and they proceeded to throw the bottle at her car as she drove away.
I used to work in Detroit (lived about 25 minutes south) and worked 40 hour weeks at $12 an hour with three or four guys who used to panhandle on the weekends. They said it was pretty common for people who were well enough off to do so up there, bringing in an extra 150-400 bucks on a decent summer weekend (four or five hours total a day, split between morning and afternoon rush hour)..The police don't give a shit unless you are working in an uppity part of town, and the worst trouble you'll get into is being confronted by real hobos, which could be potentially hazardous..After telling them what I thought about it, one compared their dishonesty to that of pro wrestlers except they were helping people sleep better at night. not bad.
If it's FL next time she should get out and shoot the person.
This happened to me as well. I tried to give a homeless guy a bottle of water and he starts calling me an asshole while I'm driving past him. That would be the last time I offer any kind of generosity towards homeless people begging on the street. You hear that homeless guy? You ruined it for everyone else! Hope you can sleep at night.
I tend to think that this is an outlier and not a common situation. It seems that most of the stories like this have an urban legend quality to them (friend of a friend or some removed relation). I would like to see some data about how many panhandlers have real jobs and are just fleecing people.
If I remember right, police won't care as long as no one makes a complaint.  Once they receive a complaint they have to act on it, hence the panhandlers who try work the more uppity areas are more likely to be shooed off.  
Except were talking about Detroit here. It can take day for an officer to respond to a home robbery.   
How can I buy the drugs or alcohol with this bottle of water!? Plus its water... Water comes from everywhere. :D.I know they meant right but being given water is kind of silly since its everywhere!
[deleted]
Drinking fountains.
Throw a rock in NYC even during the winter and you'll find a place to get potable fresh water in half of that distance.
Yeah, Louie seems like the sensationalist type.
Being homeless in NYC during the winter is incredibly harsh and my heart goes out to the genuine homeless there. It's just in this case, potable fresh water is one of the few things that the homeless don't have to worry about.
Water fountains at the subway stations?
plenty of water fountains and public restrooms in the city man. also pretty sure asking for a cup of water in mcdonalds etc is free. 
[deleted]
shit dude, didn't know Barnes and Nobles got that bad. 
I started doing this not long after moving to Toronto and it actually helped me understand how desperate most of these people's situations really are.  I haven't ever had anyone turn down the food I offered them, even if it was a warm ham sandwich from my backpack..It made me more sympathetic to them when I realized that most of them actually really are hungry.
I asked for a sandwich bitch
I worked with a girl who was struggling with a drug addiction . She would ask the people who worked there for money quite often, her mom would also bring her in money almost every shift for "lunch." We realized after we found food from the trash in her bags during her bag checks, that she was spending all of that money on drugs. I am not saying that all homeless people are struggling with drug addiction. I just thought of this girl when I read your story and I remember being surprised, but then realizing that her addiction was so strong that she didn't put eating as a priority.
I agree but that's what I was trying to point out: That giving . is not the issue.  If you give them food, there's no problem..So what I'm saying is that her mother should never have brought her money for "lunch", she should bring her a damn sandwich.
I grew up in San Francisco and while I understand the reasoning behind not giving them money, I find it really shocking how callous and insensitive many people I know can be to the homeless. Many people will convince themselves of whatever they can in order to ignore the fact that we're constantly surrounded by people who have almost nothing and are on the verge of death regularly..I sometimes will buy homeless people a meal if they're right near a fast food restaurant or something, and I once had a friend say to me, "Well now they'll use money they were going to spend on food to buy drugs instead." All I could think was, "How fucking far are we willing to take this logic towards pure victim-blaming?"
Most of the people that are homeless are in a situation . of their own making. While there definitely are people that just have bad luck and have fallen on hard times, the majority are drug addicts/alcoholics/etc. So it's pretty easy to not give a shit if you just view it as their own fault, because no matter how hard it would be I still think they could get a job at mcdonalds or SOMETHING if they weren't on drugs all the time.
And besides all that, if you're worried they will use money for booze/drugs then give them food!  It seems like a cop-out to me, people don't want to give money so they use any justification they can latch on to in order to convince themselves it's right not to..Kudos to you for being a compassionate human being.
Your friend is, perhaps, blaming the homeless for being in their position, but he also happens to be correct in a way. A small amount of money (or food) given to your average homeless person will do little to improve their life. .Sometimes I think giving directly to the homeless is counter-productive. That money should be spent on institutions that make those people upwardly-mobile: medical care, housing, etc. 
Somewhat related and opposite situation. I live in SoCal. I've been to San Fran, LA, and have spent a lot of time in or near San Diego. I've seen homeless people. People who are actually desperate..However, where I live I get approached for money just about every time I go somewhere. It's particularly bad near any gas station or grocery store. None of these people look homeless. Now sure they may really be in a desperate situation, but they're not exactly less than hale and healthy..I guess my point is, between seeing stuff like in this post and people who are truly desperate, it's hard to really believe that all these people who I encounter multiple times a week are anything but degenerates looking for a hand out.
I always wondered about the "now he'll use the money for drugs" argument. Considering how much of my monthly income is spent on beer and related recreational substances, I can really not judge anyone for spending their money on drugs..So hey, he can have all my spare change, if he manages to score drugs for 2.45, more power to him.
This spot on.  I get really annoyed with people who seem to think that just because a person is poor, they are required to be more virtuous than everyone else.  If a homeless person wants to get drunk or high, so what?
Same here. And the idea that every homeless person is on drugs. I know some street kids who are hardcore straight edge but they beg for change when they can't get help from their friends. Homelessness doesn't mean you're a bad person, it just means you have bad luck.
OR on drugs/alcohol (yes, i know you said they weren't all on them)... which is usually associated with terrible coping mechanisms. .many kids are just runaways. Usually they're running from an abusive parent, which is on drugs/alcohol because of coping skills.
To counter your argument, I'm assuming you spend a PORTION of your income on beer and related substances. You still pay for your rent, your taxes, and your food. .People's issue with some homeless addicts, is that they will spend 100% of the money they get panhandling. 
Obviously it doesn't mean you're . a bad person, either. But many people seem to operate on the assumption that all homeless people deserve whatever comes to them.
You also don't know what its like to see the same person at a station for 6 months "just trying to get enough to get home? Or on the train every day needing "just $5 to get to rehab"..When you see scams everyday, who can blame them for skepticism?
Skepticism is great, and should be encouraged. However, if you're in a position to get them even a cheap bottle of water or a sandwich, and you don't, that's kinda shady.
Did you not even read what he said before you replied? He said when he gave them good the person he was with said "Well now they're gonna use money they would have used on food for drugs since you bought them food." And then he went on to say he doesn't understand how far we take victim blaming.
Hey look, a snarky, rhetorical question..Here's my sarcastic answer: Yes, of course I didn't read his comment.  I make a habit of blindly answering and hoping that it's relevant..Here's my actual answer: I misread his comment.
This implies that it's impossible in our society to be dealt a bad hand and wind up on the street through no fault of your own. I refuse to operate under that assumption.
Never said that couldn't be the case, nor do I see where I said anything that implied it couldn't.
This implies that they are all in the position they're in entirely because of their choices, and could help themselves, but refuse to. Which leaves no room for the type of person I described in the above comment.
I said "it's hard to believe....anything but...".Again, I don't imply it's an absolute nor that anyone should think it is. The point is that the outward appearance and behavior of people will make me assume the type of person they are. Again, an assumption is not a hard opinion, but I have a feeling you may just hear what you want to hear.
I grew up in SF too which is exactly why I became callous and insensitive to panhandlers. I can't tell you how many times I saw some kid sitting on Haight Street begging for spare change only to get picked up by their parents in a shiny brand new BMW..Granted, there are plenty of hard up people struggling on the streets, but in my experience the good people just trying to get by were the exceptions, not the rule.
That's why you offer them food.
Which is the way I'd do it, if the opportunity arose. I just don't walk around with a sandwich though.
Obviously I'm not saying we have a responsibility to help everyone we see who looks like they need help. But at the same time, if I personally spent my whole life totally ignoring everyone who looks like I might be able to easily help them, and even convincing myself that they deserved what they got, I wouldn't feel very good about myself when all was said and done.
That's certainly an honorable point of view that I respect. Out of curiousity, how would it make you feel if you gave money to a panhandler that he then used on drugs or alchohol? Or even in your example, the food you gave them freed up some money that they then used on drugs?
If kind of changes your perspective when you personally know a panhandler who is full of shit and has a fully furnished apartment in a decent neighborhood. .I've also been asked for money "just to make it back downtown" from a guy holding an empty gas can, while at a gas station. I enjoy helping people so I give the guy a $10. I go in and pay for my things and when I come back out the guy runs over to me and feeds me the exact same line. I say "really... I just gave you money." he replies "oh shit, my bad" while running off to another customer. $10 was more than enough to make it downtown. 
One time my husband and I were eating outside a restaurant in Pensacola. A homeless guy comes over and starts feeding us this story that he needed money to go to this shelter and his wife was around the corner 6 months pregnant with ., man. We said sorry we didn't have any cash and he left us alone. We lived there at the time and were not tourists. Nine months later, the same exact guy approached us in a Wal-Mart parking lot (didn't recognize us) and fed us the SAME EXACT story. His wife was apparently . 6 months pregnant with twins. What a rough break.
That's why you offer them food. If they're full of shit, they usually won't take the food, and then you don't have to feel bad about not helping them. Obviously you have to assume all the sob stories they tell you are bullshit..But I still think it's really callous to meet a couple homeless people who are full of shit, and use that as an excuse to completely ignore anyone who is in the worst possible situation in life.
I had a weird experience with a guy not wanting food once.
I remember on a road trip to canada we got stuck in traffic on some off ramp at a town right before the border and there was a guy there with a cardboard sign that said "will work for food". Well, my family's on vacation and we're nowhere near home and don't have work for the guy, he obviously wants food more than money. Me and my brother are in the car with snack packs and granola bars. We were young but I asked my parents about it and it really bothered me at the time to see him like that, so real quick before traffic starts up we jump out the side of the van and run up to the guy and offer to give him our granola bars and bottled water. He just says no thanks kid or something and refuses. We had to run back to the car real quick 'cause traffic was moving again. I couldn't understand why he didn't want the food if he was willing to stand out there asking for it. My parent's didn't have a good answer either, said maybe it was his pride or something. I still don't know what his deal was. It made me feel horrible enough seeing the guy like that to want to help, then afterwards I still felt bad and had wished I could have helped him, plus the confusion of why he had refused the kindness?!
Between that incident and meeting people in the city later in life during college who I initially would give bus/train whatever money to and then later see the same people doing it constantly, or coming to me again later with different stories. After being conned with stories of sisters in hospitals they need to visit, doctors on the other side of town they have to walk to... all kinds of elaborate bullshit heart-wrenching stories... all of it lies. Yeah, I still have a big heart which is still my weakness sometimes. But I've developed a knee-jerk reaction to anyone conning/panhandling that I just don't even care about their bullshit story and they can F off. They would really need to seem genuine for me to care or listen to them. Food, sure if I have it, no harm in helping someone eat better to be on the safe side and help someone, but no money.
sometimes people are too paranoid to eat food that someone else gives them. so it's a mental illness thing. .alternatively, if it's granola bars, he might have been diabetic and it wasn't something he could eat? 
This happened to me too. The shitty thought that occurred to me was, "well now this person has ruined it for anyone who might legitimately need gas money, because I won't trust that line again". .Also I don't what panhandlers people are encountering, I have yet to meet a homeless person who would accept my offer of food. So far everyone of them has turned it away and once even threw it in my face yelling "I wanted money fuck you". 
This happened to me yesterday except I didn't give him anything. You can always tell a person's struggle by looking at his shoes. 
My story: Gave two ladies of Middle-Eastern descent a fiver to help them get to the hospital where their mum was dying. The catch was this was very far away from our city..Fast forward to later that night, I'm out at a students' night out, and I see the pair of them at the bar drinking their asses off, and eating what is well known to be over-priced food. Needless to say, I got my god damn fiver back.
I, for the most part, have sympathy for the homeless, but those Haight st kids are the worst..Once, this homeless girl was just hanging out with her dog rolling a joint and looks up at me and asks "Hey man, you believe in Karma? and holds out a change cup.  I just immediately answered "Nope" and walked away. She looked at me completely shocked.
I'm definitely not an expert, but if she believes in karma, isn't she getting exactly what she deserves?
Having never been to Frisco, when we visited we were told to go to Haight street. .I could have seen the same thing in downtown LA. Run down buildings, hipsters, vinyl records, and homeless. 
Don't forget the Head Shops.
Why does everyone think they won't take the food?  They'll just take the food and throw it away at some point.  It doesn't really solve all that much.
To date no-one has accepted my offers of food. Once someone threw it in my face yelling "I want money fuck you". I have now stopped offering food.
Homeless or not, I'd fucking eat it. 
This is exactly the kind of callous assumption I'm talking about. All the instances where I've given people food, they've started eating immediately and been incredibly grateful 90% of the time at least. If 10% of them throw away the food, fine. I still fed 9 out of 10 hungry people..Except for feeding a hungry person who can't afford to eat. If that's all I accomplish, then I accomplished what I set out to do.
In about all of the instances I've given people food they don't eat it and throw it away later.  I'd say about 48 out of the 50 times I've done it. 

Be honest, how many times did you offer someone food?

I live in Arizona and once there was a guy with his dog outside a gas station with a sign asking for . help we could afford to give: Money, food, water. So I went inside and bought him water and food. I mean, it was a hot day. I didn't want him to chance getting dehydrated whether he was really homeless or not. I feel like they're usually more believable when they ask for food and water. 
Not taking food doesn't automatically mean they're full of shit. Free food isn't hard to come by in areas with decent provision for the homeless (or even easily-lootable dumpsters). They still need money for other things, such as phone cards to keep in touch with their loved ones, buy underwear (no one donates underwear), print resumes at Kinko's, etc.
This is true, but on the flip side of the coin, anyone who is homeless is . rarely in a position to refuse food. If nothing else, it would surely be useful as trading barter with other homeless folk, right?
I had this happen once to me, offered to fill the gas can while I was pumping my own car. I figure if he is bullshitting me at least now I've wasted the guy's time, and if he isn't then it's a kindness to a stranger in need. 
Plus he is now carrying an obviously full gas can, which hopefully puts a stop to his ruse.
CherrySlurpee is implying he is a homeless veterinarian. 
WHOOSH? 
This is a creepy vomit fetish.
This is Mork's car.
Apparently this is a repost.
Retoast
The colors are backwards.
What I want to know it, Where do I get rainbow seat belts?
You can buy some at the Photo shop, that's where this guy got his
That makes me sad. :(
Me too
Don't waste the Rainbow
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
heineken is the worst beer ever made. .Try a blind taste test compared to other beers, it stands out as absolutely skunky and awful

I want to see this reposted by someone missing some fingers with a sad face. 
Stolen from David Cross
Coors is an abomination of Beer. I just call it Fizzy Alcohol for pussies.
It seems some advertisers forgot that Molson-Coors distributes Heineken (at least in Canada).
I'd actually appreciate some sort of temperature gauge on all kinds of drinks, not just beer.  Countless times I have felt a can of soda in the fridge and decided it was cold enough only to take a drink and realize it was way warmer than I expected.  I don't think the human sense of touch is very accurate at measuring temperature.
Probably owned by the same cunts anyway.
Does this joke reference something? For us non Americans, why is this funny?
ITT: People think thumbs aren't fingers.
Coors is piss.
Damn, I've been doing it wrong this whole time.
Heineken? Fuck that shit! Pabst Blue Ribbon! 
Coors has a marketing tactic with their cans, the mountains in the background turn blue when the beer reaches a certain temp. 
Aren't there only 8 fingers? Maybe I'm wrong but I thought the thumb was classified differently.  
How stupid, no one holds their beer with both hands.
I wonder if, after going through the effort of putting up this billboard, the designer realised that people only have 8 fingers and kicked himself. Either that or they're marketing to inbreds.
If you need to visually confirm temperature the temperature of food, the temperature of your food probably does not matter to you.
They're right! Human senses are already perfect for measuring things, why should we ever advance anything when our fingers can tell us how cold something is! Throw out the thermometers carl, bobs just gunna put is hand on the pipe and tell us when its cold enough..fucking idiots, we didnt think of something that useful so lets just mock it. 
Hit a soft spot?
ughh coors. My family drinks that crap. They look at me funny when I drink something different like Staropramen 
11 if you count your palm.
If counting palms, wouldn't it be 12?
This was a David Cross joke...a long time ago.
In Ireland anyway, Heineken distribute coors. This kind of 'competition' is bullshit. Heineken win either way!
THANK YOU. Im glad there is someone else in the world who thinks Coors advertising is HORRIBLE.  Coolness is not a property of your beer...anyone can have cold beer if its in the damn fridge, touch it and you know if its cold....god those commercials make me mad
hahaha +1
I get the reference.
You don't get it at all... it's a simple statement to the significant other: "Make sure the mountains are blue."  It's foolproof.  .Not warm, not chilled... blue mountains=as cold as the fucking rockies!.Nothing better than a few CL's on a hot summer day.  Fuck you beer snobs.
I really love coors light, I find the temperature gimmick useful and I like it. Miller lite, although it tastes exactly the same, the retarded vortex bottle does nothing for me. For me it tastes better than Heineken.

r/notsosecretlyjustanadvertisingshill
There's only 8 fingers, but alright.
Thumbs are honorary fingers.
I dub thee, an honorary finger on the hand of such and such. 
I love this because Coors' entire ad campaign is bullshit. These billboards need to be more prevalent...
IMO most American beers aren't that great, all fairly weak and watery. Its all about European bears for Larger and English for Ales. For example, Budweisers Budvar from The Czech republic, (the really Bud not bud lite bullshit).
I don't get why this is in r/funny? 
Why are you in r/funny?
Yes but real men drink with a beer in each hand ;)
Real men stick their face under a draught tap and don't stop 'till the barrel is empty or they drown.
Real men die. 
The sense of temperature also depends on the material you're feeling, ex. plastic feels warmer then metal at the same temp. 
"You can't explain that!"
Heat conductivity of the material.  Metal conducts heat away from your skin faster than plastic.
_ unsure if you don't get the reference or if you're doing one of those anti-joke dealios people do sometimes. 
"Fucking miracles..." 
That isn't an uncommon flavor in European beers, like Pilsner Urquell.  I am not a fan either.

All in all, they are directly calling out Coors, which they must feel threatened enough by Coors to have marketing against them. Coors must be doing something right. Right?
Actually they're having a dig at how Coors uses a crappy gimmick instead of trying to make a decent product.
Coors light > Heineken.
Light beer doesn't deserve to be called beer. It should be called beer-flavored water.
Heineken is bad but I'll say that coors is much worse. A good beer however is Spitfire ale.
What a rude stupid thing for a corporation to say. Play nice.
but now a shitty beer's ad team said it. it's safe to laugh!
I liked those cans man... I mean, a bar that fills up and actually tells you what temperature your beer is would be better than saying 'its uhh... kinda half dark blue?' but its still a cool idea
Those batteries that you pinch to tell you how much charge is left are more useful than those cans. And those don't even work.
He lost his fingers in a tragic beer related accident
You need thumbs to hold a can......and masturbate.
I was bored and went to /all 
I've said it once, and I'll say it again: if a beer's main selling point is that it's cold, it's not a good beer.
Their selling point wasn't that it was cold, it's that you can 'tell it's cold by sight, rather than touch'. They were never trying to say their beer is colder than other beer..You clearly misconstrued what the advertising was trying to say.
As opposed to Heineken whose main selling point is making fun of other beers.  
If, to improve sales of your beer, you resign the container rather than improve the recipe, your beer sucks. 
Not true. Sierra Nevada spent a year of research and development before they put their beer into cans. The plus was great tasting beer in a can that you can take to rivers and not worry about your bottle breaking. The con was, in short, nothing at all.
In fairness, if you've built a company around selling horrible beer improving the recipe is probably a good way to put yourself out of business.
And to add, as someone who's recently (January 2013) gotten into homebrewing, the fact that they can make THE EXACT SAME BEER every time is fucking amazing.  I have a hard enough time getting really damned close within the same batch, and they somehow stay consistent over 
That's because you're probably buying different hops and barley and the like. Coors procures their stuff in massive quantities and then it's mixed together to homogenize it as much as possible..Add to that they're also probably using a TON of corn rather than hops/barley, and it's no wonder it tastes the same all the time.
Corn is Miller. Coors is actually beer, as opposed to a malt beverage, aka Miller and Budweiser.
Sierra Nevada actually makes good beer. 
Truth
I'd rather drink a beer with a funny company than cold beer that tastes and smells like piss.
Even if the funny company's beer tastes and smells worse?
HEY LOOK EVERYONE, A BEER SNOB.
Or just someone who likes to taste what they're drinking or eating. Anything that has to be tongue-numbingly cold to enjoy probably doesn't taste that good to begin with.
They researched it to make sure that canning didn't influence the flavor/quality of the beer itself. They didn't do it as a gimmick a la "wide mouth twisty neck" bottles. Big difference.
Cold temperatures numb the palate. Any beer that tries to get you to drink it "ice cold" is essentially telling you to avoid actually tasting it.
I think a lot of people actually prefer a cold beer to not. I mean, a nice cold beer is heavenly. That being said, I dont think I've ever had coors. 
That's because large breweries  tend to use chemicals to change the flavour and alcohol content. 
But Sierra Nevada was looking into cans because they're actually a great way to keep hoppy beers fresh tasting. It was about preservingn an already excellent beer. Totally different from the "vortex bottle" and "cold activated" gimmick nonsense we're seeing from the Macros.
Remember Spinal Tap?  Their main feature was that they were loud.  Not good, just loud.
Are you saying that Coors is actually a satire of macrobrews? ....
Mother of god.
You see the "super cold" indicator, and it's like, "how much colder could this can be?"  And the answer is none.  None more cold.
the reason they went with the "super cold" is because busch light has a thermometer on the can that turns blue also...but they turn blue before the beer is cold usually lol
So you're saying it's a satire of Busch?  Wow, this theory really holds up.
Wow I've never seen this before.
Did you make this!?
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
Yes. Yes.
Such peculiar taste in.... What is an Ewok, anyway?
Is that yoda?.That looks more like . with ears....Not the momma
And then he produces a Furby :)
The look on Yoda's face is creeping me out. What's in that pipe? Is it a good idea to give that stuff to a guy who can crush spaceships with mind?
Holy shit I had one of those. 14 years and it was one of the most creepiest yet hilarious shit I had ever owned 
...this is a 9gag repost.
It bothers me that people keep calling the Gremlin a furby.
Mogwai
Is that a gremlin or a furby?
So who cares? This is like the least reposted thing you'll see today
That cartoon is hilarious.
Having fun isn't hard
When you got a library card.
I don't always make a post about a repost but when I do I repost. 
I'm currently acting in a play with the guy who does Buster's voice. Didn't watch the show growing up, but the younger cast members are freaking out, lol. Super nice and extremely talented guy, of course.
This link could also be titled "every time I see Confession Bear."
But... you are basically saying "Every time this happens to me", and you are saying you hate reposts that say that while reposting something and saying that.

You might be interested in ..
I read that in Buster's voice.
I would never....
"Plus the ass was fat"
I came here just for this.
one of the few good jokes that come from 4Chan. 
Next episode - Buster meets a Nigerian Prince
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
Some memes can actually have the same text, but mean different things with the title. Like some of them are just plain all out repost. Although, this one is explaining a different kind of thing, the post I see there, are not.
Aaah, now i realize how important a good title is. 
I've never thought of that before.  Well said.
Mommy, I wanna be a magician when i grow up!
Lames Burton
I will have some Magic, with a side of Rape please.
He's a Vagician. 
step1: be attractive.step2: don't be unattractive 
I was expecting him to have removed her bra.
Glad I'm not the only one
LOL @ 4th degree sexual assault
Magic done like a molester.
I did this to my friend once... She just kinda looked at me, before slapping me and kicking me in the nuts... It was worth it.
I feel ya, bra.
He felt her bra.
Was it though? At best, you get to feel her bra.
DM;FB
She has . nice tits...
[deleted]
Well, considering she's 17...
[deleted]
Thats illegal... And kinda creepy
what a fag
David Coppafeel is the original title of the video I believe.
damn you.  I felt like a genius for 5 seconds.  raspberries.  have an upvote for ruining it for me.
Wish I had know that 3 hours ago!
Runner up was a magician named gob...
Not surprised considering the spelling of fire department is wrong on the fire engine, sheesh

I'm trying to give this guy the benefit of the doubt here... Could he be keeping frost/ice off of the engine and pump? 
He reminds me of this genius...
I'm no fireman.  But I think fire can be hot..
So, maybe it's a policy to spray down the truck
to keep it cool when the truck is a certain 
distance from a big fire?  Buzzkill. 
You should see what he does to a dump truck.
It's called a FIREtruck, duh!
I think he may be deicing the truck's pump.
"What's kyle doing!?" 
"Just let him do his thing man, he's gone through a lot this week"
Yes but then it wouldn't be so fucking funny.
These things are pretty powerful, it may take some time to adjust..Source: I'm a male.
"I wonder what he is doing..."."They are .men. Did you think they washed their .trucks anywhere else besides at a .?! Jeez."
.
There is a kink in the hose 
It shouldn't be spraying, that isn't fixed at all 
I don't think time was on his side friend.
God dammit Lule, vad gr ni druppe? 
Damn it Sweden! 
...We are not used to fires up in .. It's fucking north of the wall.
Don't get me wrong, I peed a little... But then I thought, "this guy can't be full retard- there must be a reason."
no wonder the straw goat burns down every damn year in sweden 
It's spraying ghosts!
And I helped! 
"What.. Is there something behind me?"
Sure is a nice to to wash my firetruck huh?
Awww...
True, that is the place this will get more karma.
This dog actually died from over heating. Not too Awww now huh 
[deleted]
Wow, double posted and double downvoted. Congrats?
Shouldn't this be posted in . instead?
Proof?
How is this funny?
Or is that not what I was supposed to be looking at?
But would it give me my Monopoly game pieces?
It's in the garbage with all the other shitty movies of 200x.

SOON!!!
I still see product placement in movies all the time
You mean blatant product placement in movies?  The future is now!
Since nobody has answered your question: this is from the movie Spy Kids. It's in the boat/submarine that they had just discovered which automatically takes them to their parents' safe house. They are underwater on the way to the house during this scene.
The fries were just sitting there, they'd be all gross and floppy
Some other things improved though:
Not funny, but I'm with you, all you have to do is buy the card, or even a code online, put it into your food maker thing, and BAM!
McDonald's product placement? I see that everywhere 
Oh, Spy Kids?.Yeah, it died.
Anyone else laugh at his user name?
It's easier to eat a tofu brick wearing occulus rift showing you that it's a hamburger.
It even has the McDonald's logo 
Would you REALLY want to eat that?
3D food printing will make this possible.
I don't know, but I do know what I'm having for lunch. Thanks OP!
seriously and where is my flying car!
What are you talking about? Inane product placement is everywhere already.
A metal fry cup?  That girl is serious about her matter converted fries.
Remember the hydrated pizza from back to the future? 
So the fries were already in there?
Honestly this probably is a bad idea. You can't even see the kid who put the boogers in the hamburger.
So the fries and drink are already there, but the hamburger gets replicated  like in Star Trek?
What happens if you put the card in backwards?
Well, they are working on it actually, with the 3d printers.
That same question is being asked about Half Life 3.
I thought I was still on . and was about to get pissed for this quality.
Im still waiting for my Black and Decker Hydrator.
How many people is she making food for?  I watched this for a full hour and she never stopped.
They have this stuff in many fast food chains. 
Product placement? It's everywhere.
You can totally buy those push lamps... .Sooo... I don't really see what the problem is.
It's already illegal in San Francisco.
We have the technology to find out what human body needs but they dont want to make a machine that mass produces a flower dough mixture that can have any flavor you want so you can have the nutrients you need and flavor you want. We can end world hunger this way. We can all live off of pizza flavored bread or cherry tomato brasil flat bread.
Still giving cancer to lab rats...
We can, but it takes a fuck ton of time, and a lot more money than just goin to McD's. Like, a few million dollars. For those of who need an explanation, store the protein and sodium, etc. atoms in a tight space and construct it in front of you little by little with a 3D printer. It wouldn't be hot, cost a lot, and be time consuming. Easier to go through a drive through.
What kind of Nazi dips their fries in mustard? 
Because war.
Have they not figured out fry teleportation technology?
It's coming with your flying car, Mr. Jetson.
ya, it's 2013! you guys are slackin
It's pretty much already that speed at fast food places.
What the hell is she dipping in mustard?
Up Robert Rodriguez' asshole.
200 years away.
You were supposed to invent it, but never did because you've been browsing Reddit for so long expecting someone else to.
at mcdonalds
Don't you think we are fat enough?  Now you want people to be able to get McDonald's without getting off the toilet?
Where's my Lucy Liu-bot dammit?!
why don't you go invent it?
Spy Kids.
When I was a kid, I seriously dreamed this would become a thing. Actually, I still dream this will become a thing. 
According to the fast food and cofee, it's in the US
The important part of that is that it can make a pizza in zero gravity... Not that it really prints in 3d. Such a misnomer to call it a 3d printer..Spraying sauce and shooting cheese does not make this anything like a 3d printer that prints in layers or in lines of plastic.
It's not, that's why it's on the front page of r/funny!
What the shit? This movie was awesome!
If I had the device why would I have to buy anything? I'd hack it to just make the food without me paying for anything..Or is this supposed to be teleporting food to you? Either way I'd copy the data stream and force it to recreate the food with the copy.
You'd end up buying food like software. It's the 'configuration' that you are buying. 
i think if this was a 3D printer, the food would be made out of the card. like powdered/dehydrated food which becomes the "inc"
Eh you have to do with the conservation of mass principle.. The ink, which is spelled with a k, would have to be raw matter of some kind... Even in star trek they have matter stored for the food replicators... Some episodes elude that there isn't... But anyway I would see a box that has tubes or cartridges of raw matter that feeds into this device to make the food... Even with magical effects..A card you buy or a code would only be the configuration data for the reconstructions of the food or end product... Which could be easily copied, which was my point..What incentive does McDonalds have for making or providing an option like this for consumers? Their revenue is from the storefronts, and the mass production of foods... Not the ability to get it to you quickly.
How could you hack the supply lines?.I assume you wood have to purchase the raw materials the machine uses.
I assume it uses electricity to convert some matter into another matter. As long as I had any matter to put into it... Bam free mcdouble... Chop down the tree in my backyard bam free 4pc mcnuggets.
I agree, emperor. So presumably if I buy it once I can copy those configuration files and send it to my friends via torrents. If they had the machine and raw materials (packets of raw matter) they could make warm mcdoubles all day long..God forbid they put DRM on my food. And always on on my food replication device.
I would settle for the 3D pasta printer that Google has....
Maybe it doesn't actually make the food but instead teleports it from a factory somewhere and the code/card is just authorization.  
All hypothetical concepts of a teleportation systems relies on a pattern stream buffer, matter converted into data, and data back into matter..As I would hack the device to continuously output the same data.
By the pickles, onions and tomato DLC for only 5.99$!
The tastiest keygen ever. 
Just imagine the first guy to find a way to hack these cards and get free food for life.
So now the occulus can make food taste like something else???
Well they've already made tofu taste like everything else*, so really you just need something to fool the eyes.
Why mess around with chemicals in the food, when they can mess around with chemicals in your brain? Simply have a device attached to the OR that drills through your cranium and scrambles the bits of your brain dedicated to taste.
You mean soda?
I guess so
Wow. Troll account with . comment karma. Now I've seen it all.
so would I.
Even if you got a cracked copy of a Big Mac you would still need the raw materials to make it from.
We're getting there...
It's still in the McDonalds product placement labs.
That cheeseburger can be found at McDonalds, OP.
wht movie is this i forgot the name
Spy kids
Is it Mac and Me? I feel it has to be, no other movie would have such blatant McD's advertisement..Okay, most other movies.
Because diabeeeeetus. 
Well McDonalds is nasty so.... no where?
Still waiting for Over-alls to come back in style.
Am I the only one that noticed the cup has a McDonald's logo?
Thanks, Obama!
3D printers food printers
hell yeah
If I may interject: Alexa Vega is very much a hotty nowadays. 
Damn!!! I want a faster burger that looks as good as that! :D'
They're working on the 
You didn't even bother to change the fucking title. This website fucking sucks.
We are not that far off actually... 
Are you in the CSS? That's why.
It could happen. MCWOOOORRRLLLLDDDDDDD 
Wait, lemme get this straight...it's the future, so there should be MORE McDonald's?
Dude its called McDonalds. 3-D printing Big Macs since 2001.
Where is this?.Answer: Japan.
macdonalds
When do you ever get a Macdonalds which looks THAT close to the image on the menu?
My friend once had a Big Mac that looked like it exploded inside the box. Seriously. A patty, cheese, and pickle combo was stuck to the roof while the rest was in a clusterfuck of sauce, veggie and bun on the bottom. The worst part is that there was only one goddamn patty.
Only available in the US.
It's Product Placement.
This is what happens every time you order McDonalds
the last thing we need is fucking instant junk food. fuck this shit.
Is it me, or does she look a little like Maeby from Arrested Development?
"What is something the world isn't ready for?"
well but seriously check japan, they have cans that get cold when you open them and food-packages that make food warm after you open them. Its very expensive but it's developing, at least there!
So let's take a look at history from a relative perspective....Time between Orville and Wilbur Wright's first flight (December 17, 1903) and the bombing of Pearl Harbor (December 7, 1941): 37 years 355 days..Time between the bombing of Pearl Harbor (December 7, 1941) and Neil Armstrong walking on the moon (July 20, 1969):  27 years 232 days.Time between the first moon landing (July 20, 1969) and now (July 18, 2013): 43 years 363 days .So in less than 38 years, man went from never having flown to being able to rain tons of bombs from the sky.  In the next 27 years man left planet Earth and landed on our closest celestial neighbor.  And now, almost 44 years later to the day, we don't have a way to magically create food on the spot?!  Where did we come off the rails?  .(I see you NASA link to the 3D pizza printer but you're not helping my case.)
Your extremely long-winded comment/joke? was not very funny or entertaining..I gotta laugh at how long you must have spent looking up those dates, to come up with this "super creative comment that will surely get me many internet points!!".Posters like you are fucking pathetic.
the rest of the world is not as fat and pathetic as America to need this!!
We will never have this.  Creating that much mass from energy would be a serious hazard, even if we were technically capable.  If something goes wrong, instead of a meal, you have an explosion that would wipe a small country off of the map.
Wtf? She has a food making machine, and she goes for a burger with fries? What a waste.
Yeah, except with real meat, veggies and fruit instead of McDonalds. 
What is this from?
On another note the first two spy kids movies were great.
Were not fat enough as it is
That girl has boobs now. I am pleased with this future.
Everything there was like zapped up except for those fries. I guess they didn't know how to do that.
It's up your asshole you fucking moron.
I'm confused why the hamburger can materialize, but the drink still needs to be poured...
BUT THE WORLD IS INST READY FOR IT!!!
Just give me the whole submarine from that scene and I'll be happy forever.
Three dipping sauces?!?! I have seen the future and it is glorious. 

Man do I want a replicator from Star Trek. Food, that random tool that I don't own, a new shirt cause I'm bored with mine. WANT NOW.
Dude everyone knows that is a #1 so it's fake.
Better question; Wheres the girl? She's gotta be 18 by now..
nice username
Yeah little girls are no more.
I need to watch spy kids again
3D printing.....with food....probably still taste like McDonalds shit.
People saying that McDonald's food is bad, really confuse me..They are a huge corporation who have succeeded only because of how good their food tastes. People go to McDonald's because they want to eat McDonald's. Their food is delicious..BUT YEAH AREN'T YOU SO FUCKING COOL! YOU DON'T LIKE MCDONALD'S!!!.Smart people consider McDonald's haters like you, just pieces of shit who would rather trash what is popular, than admit the truth.
Yet people go out to other restaurants, pay more and eat burgers probably worse quality then McDonalds.
McDonalds tastes alright.
Soo.. Bad for you, but delicious?
McDonalds is anything but delicious. If you're going to eat yourself into an early grave you should at least do it with something that tastes like it's worth it.
Clearly you have a shite McDonalds. Mine tastes like magic Poisonous, Poisonous magic.
Whoa, it's like people have differing opinions on what tastes good!
Thats where Chick-fil-a comes in
tastes like hate!
Here's a comment I made in another thread a few days ago:.Same recipe but a different chef means a lot.
Honestly, to me, McDonalds or other fast food chains taste pretty good after a long day and driving home ONCE IN A WHILE. Start eating it all the time then it tastes like shit. .Moderation is key.
True that. I've never had McDonald's food more than once a month.
I live in the UK. And I grew up in The Netherlands. And I've been to the USA on more than one occasion..McDonalds tastes awful wherever you go..And the thing I don't understand is that Americans have diners all over the place that make some of the tastiest dishes we Brits can only dream of over here. Sure it's not good for you, but it tastes better than anything McDonalds will have on their menu.
A well made diner bacon cheeseburger is the most delicious meal you can possibly ingest for less than $10.
Unacceptable!


I was gonna say... get in line kid, we're still waiting on the rehydrator and hover board. :(
If i leave the pizza behind my fridge for long enough it will work in reverse. 
You can have that....give me self adjusting clothes (I have low price expectations).
Hydrate to level 4 please
You gotta wait 2 years for that! 
Technically we have hoverboards, you just need large neodymium magnets and liquid nitrogen., and they only work so long as the magnets are kept super cold.
This one at least seems more scientifically plausible being a rehydrator. Dehydrated food does shrink up quite a bit - though this seems like a fairly huge size increase. More realistic example is a large grape to a rasin.

I came here for this link, thanks. 
YES i was waiting for it and i received 
Now I am.
Science can get distracted too.
I'll be in my bunk!

The hero of Canton, the man they call DoneHam56.
He robbed from the rich and he gave to the poor.
He took from the mods, and he- showed them what for!
The karma we give him, ain't hard to explain
Some stay dry and others feel the pain.
Chocolate Jayne?
Some stay dry and others feel the pain.

This is all America needs to get that number one spot back from Mexico!
We're number one in obesity, does that count?
numero uno, sir its numero uno
Well, since it's a mexican invention...
We're not, Mexico is... You really don't look at statistics often, especially if they are on the front page for 3 days.
Well at least we would be number one in something again. 
amount of irish
prison population?
and military spending
HAAAAAA we're a joke :(

Government spying?
I have no problem with this.
If Puerto Rico were in this graph, we'd need to up the scale. Seriously, there's a celebration for everything here.
I moved to PR for Uni last year and holy shit. We had at least one day off every other week. Every American minor holiday is celebrated along with every puerto rican holiday. You guys are loco
This can't be right.
Why not?  I've always heard that Americans work the most and get the least amount of vacation days, while many European countries have several weeks off every year.
The chart claims 0 holidays.  In 2013, we will have 10 holidays.  Also, time off is dependent on your employer.  I get 2 weeks a year off on top of probably 6 holidays.  Most teachers get months off every year.  Independent contractors, lawyers, doctors, truckers, and many others set their own schedules, and can take a lot of vacation depending on their situations.
You are right. It's up to the business/corporations to decide if you get holidays off, not the country. Just ask anyone who has ever worked at blockbuster, walmart, subway and I am sure many more. 
Unless you're a congressman. 
You're pretty well off in terms of days off with any government job.
According to . Wikipedia article, the United States doesn't have any national holidays at all, even though individuals businesses or organisations can provide them..Also, everything you say is true in all the other countries listed. The graph depicts only the minimums in each country. For instance, I work in Ireland, and get 25 days annual leave, plus the nine public holidays.
Is it not legal for you to work more than that during the year?  Look up Federal Holidays and you'll get the US's list prettymuch.

Because obviously many people in the united states get paid holiday, and paid leave. So it is not zero. I don't understand why this graph claims it's zero..Americans work more than Europeans, but do they actually work more than the Japanese, who're used to long working hours, and very few days off? I don't know.
The graph has to be saying what they are legally required to have.  Those numbers are way too perfect to be the averages of what people get.
I figured. Thanks for confirming my suspicion. 
I'm in the UK and (partially due to length of service) I get 33 days + 8 bank holidays.  Suck it, France.
Because we still haven't found a way to get around that damn conservation of mass principle.
We will have to use some kind of nanotechnology to virtually atom by atom build or construct the "Item" we want from a nanomolecular standpoint, if you have a hamburger.pdf file that has all the correct placement information of where all the atoms will go, and could 3D print it fast enough hopefully it would end up being a hot and juicy burger, I think its physically possible to do it, i just wonder how we will "SCAN" these items into the computer for further replication... will i piratebay a mcdonalds burger in the future and print their recipe, or will i take time to go to the market and actually get my hands dirty and make a freakin delicious hot off the grill burger... right now the technology cost would be millions ;(   
Yes, but it would have to take those atoms from somewhere else in order to build your "item." You could buy an atom ripper, but if you stand too close to it, you could run the risk of destabilizing your atomic structure. Or you could just buy atoms in bulk.
Star Trek's replicators are (will be?) also "disposal" machines that would disappear dishes and leftovers and save the atoms for later re-use. They can also spit out clothes or parts or whatever.
The law of equivalent exchange...
In those days, we really believed that to be the worlds one and only truth.
If we can turn mass into energy, we can turn energy into mass, right?
And what about efficiency?
This is done in particle accelerators.
Sssshhhhhhhhh
conversation of ass principle?
the gays have...
What?
That old stereotype?
oh i think you know... if not then i feel bad for you
Conservation of energy.
Lousy laws of physics!
[deleted]
four minutes late
nooo
F that McDonald's noise. If I'm pirating a burger, it better be five guys or in n out. .Then I'd pirate me some  chikfila waffle fries. Enjoy the guilt free deliciousness. .Kobe beef, veal and rare/pricey meats. Man, I'd be an obese torrent junkie. 
You would need a storage medium made of something other than matter because the density required to store the data in any practical form exceeds the density of an ideal matter based storage medium.  
The storage for the hamburger.pdf file will require a object that is at least larger than the hamburger it would create.
Saving atoms is too bulky.  We're going to have to store matter as energy if it's going to be as compact as that.  
shit dude you figured it out. remember the little people in the coming years of fame. 
We can indeed. Assuming the burger weighs 210 grams, we would need ., or about double the energy of the impact that formed Meteor Crater, AZ
Details, shmetails.
So if we crash an asteroid into a lunchbox, we get a burger?
1:1 trade seems fair

Half a burger.
Hey Economist... you're drunk!  Go back to your econ graphs!
thats only . of redirecting all of the worlds energy production. worth it.
better be a five guys then
That's assuming 100% efficiency. It would probably be much much less efficient. So, say 2 hours
(probably much more)
We are just a little behind.  We do have this though: 
They aren't very good though. I prefer microwave pancakes, if I have to get a pancake fix fast.
Here's the . for those interested.
oh shit! $3500???
Let's say that you eat just 10 pancakes a day.  After just one year, it would be less than 1 dollar a pancake.  After 2 years, we're talking only 50 cents here.  That is what I call a value.
Please tell me I'm not the only one that tried to click the OK button?
I saw this for the first time yesterday morning, holiday Inn rocks
If I ever encountered one of these, I would be happier than goku with a ..
Damn things are expensive, though. You're better off dressing as a pancake machine repair man and grabbing one from the Holiday Inn.
Or just adding some milk into some Bisquick and making pancakes on a skillet.
Haha! Yeah... making pancakes on a skillet! Who does that?? .(happy cake day, by the way!!!!)
Thank you.
If you've got Bisquick, 
I fucking love you
Huh. When I thought I'd seen it all, Unidan breaks out another one of his talents. Cooking. What else can you do, great and powerful wizard?
Happy Pancakeday :D
Biologist and a cook?
honestly it doesn't look like there was any mass gain. The thing above the burger problably just held it in place. the sauce are store underneath, the drink is stored else where ect..The fries would be a bit crushed and the cup was magiced up. but even that could be a fast 3D printer.
Talk about a Twist in our futuristic concepts. It's 2013 and we realize it is the Junk that needs to magically disappear from Junk Food....
The fuck does ect mean?.edit, i was going to make a joke  about etc. being some form of  magical, impossible shortening of the words "et cetera " as a play on that post, but then i realized etc was itself misspelled, and now I just look like a dick.
The cup could have been a compressed piece of metal that rose out possibly?
I don't think reddit needs any technological assistance to make junk food magically disappear.

The ice came from nowhere, though.
Watch it again real quick, the burger is magicked in, too
Also the entire cup and metal cup holder magically appears from under that thin plastic cap which then fills up the cup with ice and cola.

you don thave to capitolize frame you dimwit
I wIll caPitalize whaT i pleaSe.
Maybe 10 years ago, my buddy had a bachelor party.  As the night was winding down, we all ended up back at his trailer.  I sat down on the couch with a bag of Oreos.  I'd take one out, twist it open, eat the cream, and pass the leftover cookie to the guy sitting next to me.  He'd eat it.  We ate the entire bag..He was pretty disgusted the next morning.  I thought it was fugging hilarious.
What a shit thing to do. What the fuck is wrong with you?
I'm shocked a full-grown person would even do such a thing.
you are a cookie monster.
So OP, looking at your post history, this become much more serious....
Next time replace it with toothpaste. Takes two or three cookies to figure out exactly what is wrong. 
Who in the world does that?
I dont mean the divorce thing as it is justified..I mean who puts the cookie part back in the freaking bag after you have eaten off of it? That is just gross.
Mmmmm..soggy chocolate cookies...
Yes, you ARE
Sounds like a legitimate reaction to your evil ways.
Plot twist: Her husband has been dead for years. 
You're lucky you actually got to wake up and that she just didn't stab you in your sleep.
i hate people like you OP....
OP is simply a bad human being.  Anyone who eats Oreos like that deserves all the lack of energy and added fatty tissue and all the ridicule and divorce that goes with it.
They are "conslooring divoree"? 
If there is an Oreo God, you're going to Oreo hell. Guess what? There's no cream there, just cookies! 
you bitch..
You are the worst. I know relationships involve a lot of compromise and forgiveness of not so desirable traits but fuck that shit you pulled. Spit toothpaste all over the bathroom mirror every morning, i can deal. Spill a drink on the carpet and do a half-assed job cleaning it up, fine I still love you. Slobber all over food and then put it back in the package with food that I am going to eat?? Fuck. You. Your germs are now breeding inside of that bag, contaminating every other cookie. Go buy him a new bag, you are a jerk.
That's just cruelty. He could probably snag an emotional abuse charge on top of the divorce.
"It's ok to get high. It's not ok to get high and eat up all yo baby's cereal" - Katt Williams
There is nothing I like more than previously-licked cream-free Oreo cookies!!
Nice try, DiscoveryAffiliate HR team.
That would make oreo cookie eating so much easier for me. The cookies are great but the cream is disgusting, I scrape the cream off into the garbage.
I'm fairly certain the Catholic Church has this in their Grounds for Annulment list.
I prefer the cookies over the cream.
Fun Fact: The cream of an Oreo is basically flavored shortening (Crisco).  .They is still delicious, though.
I don't blame him. Is nothing sacred?!
You think it's a joke, until you realize he never actually checked the contents of the Oreo package...
You'd think after breaking his trust, you'd be more caring, and not do something this incredibly cruel to the man. I'd consider divorcing you too!
What the fuck is wrong with you?!?

Considering your first reddit post, he may be serious... 
Plot twist: OP lives alone.
Honest question:.What goes through your head when you put the cookies back? Honestly?
Enjoi the diabeetus 
Am I the only one who likes the cookie part way more than the cream part?
That's pretty gross. I'm fine with sharing food with my SO, but I don't want to eat saliva covered cookies that have been left to fester in a bag. 
This is gross.
Who the fuck does that ?  Wtf is wrong with you?
That is just disgusting because you licked them with your filthy mouth and put them back for someone to take a bite of.  Even my 5 year old knows to throw them out if she does that.  Get a life!
Might as well beat him while you're at it, this is not really far away from domestic abuse! 
The only way to get out of the shit hole you dug yourself into is to buy 2 bags for your SO and do your damndest not to touch them.
Are you kidding me? I'd have thanked you. Who wants that gritty, sugary paste anyways?.Edit: whoops; apparently you do!
I watched a guy at work carefully scrape the cream off his oreos and put it in the empty package, then proceed to eat only the cookies. Those things are like cardboard by themselves! It was mesmerizing. 
I kept reading "divovee" and thought this was yet another Reddit joke I simply do not understand.
If it goes through, give me a call. I usually just throw the cream away :(
There's a obesity joke somewhere around here...
That scribble means business.
The worst part of the cookie, I dont blame the person for the note.
You should have known you were a monster before the note. That just ain't right.
How I view this thread right now. How could you do dis to the poor Oreos? WHYYYYY?.Scumbag wife

looks like the black pen wasn't going to be the one to tell you
OP is a child. His Mom left the note thinking it was his dad that did it. We all know no grown man would do something like this.
Why even mess with Oreos at all? Why not just eat icing out of a can if that's all you're going to do? 
I think it's just me, but I hate the filling. I take the filling out and eat the chocolate by itself. 
My ex-wife divorced me for less.
Die, scumbag... die!
I'd be the one considoring divoree with spelling like that.
What you need to do now is to get another one and take the cookies and leave the cream.  
You deserve it. GG.
To solve this OP should go out and buy double stuffed Oreos, and lather the cream on her private parts and wait for her husband to come home. Divorce will be the last thing on his mind...Oreo cream being the first. Sex being a near second or maybe third behind hunger...
Why would you do such a thing!  How will He ever trust you again!
I'd marry you. I'd marry anyone who ate all the filling out of all the oreos, leaving that delicious crunchy chocolatey biscuit for me to gorge my face on.
Consider a handwriting class. Christ.
At least it was a Double Stuff Oreo bag..Not those lame Oreo Originals..BEST Cookies in THE WORLD
My wife only likes one brand of beer (one!) and despite running out of beer for myself have yet to drink hers and put the empties back in the fridge. That's what you did - you put back empty cookies. 
I'm convinced that I am the only person that like the cookie part of Oreos more than the cream...
I had such a hard time trying to read that handwriting it actually pissed me off.  
This is like the tenth oreo post I see on the frontpage in the last three days. Must be quite a marketing offensive going on!
You're everything I stand against in this world.
That's okay, crumble up the oreo's and put them in ice cream.  You got yourself oreo cookie ice cream.
Would a rowboat support you?
Sugar and Crisco.
Twist: OP is actually living on their own.
Well I like the cookie more than the cream so, how you doin?
She has a strong case.
My ex used to do the same shit with Pillsbury toaster strudels....she'd eat all the icing and leave none for any of them....pissed me the fuck off
Who does this, seriously?
OP tugs at heartstrings, all the while driving traffic to . - well done.
Time for you to go buy some lube. Only one things gonna make up for this. 
This should be on freaky stories
A..a cookie monster?.I'll show myself out.
uh oh - You in a heap 'o trouble !  You better buy another bag if you don't want to come to a violent end........
Pfft - I'd consider hiring an assassin if someone did that to me.
Next, go to one of those pet stores that have the big dog treat bars and get a few of the ones that look like Oreos.  The replace just a few in the bag.
You sicking licking S.O.B
Twist: OP isn't married.
perhaps he was just waiting for a reason? and you gave him a court verifiable, ground for it?
Please be my hero and come over to do that for me, the cookie is the best part.
add to that the frustrations of his first pen not working well enough. 
Is this secretly trying to get me to join the Discovery Affiliate program? :)
I like the scribbles to the side checking if the pen has ink in it.
My current SO doesn't like Oreos. It's the best relationship I have ever been in. They are all mine. 
are you marriaged to a 8 year old, dat penmanship 
My friend and I have a system. 
She only cares for the cream, and I'm indifferent to it. So she'll peel/scrape off the cream and I take the cookie.
I actually like the cookie part...
Demand half!! The half you demand is for the cream. What you deserve is the cookie outside.
bae caught me slippin
For some reason I liked the typical 'testing if this pen works' mark.
You need to spend some time learning about nutrition and improve your diet. .I wouldn't eat that shit.
Someone ruined oreos for me a long time ago so I might as well do the same....The filling is essentially vegetable shorting and confectioners sugar.
Have you made up since then? 
I read that as "Divorceaffiliate.com" ...........& I was like he is very serious about it, if he has already contacted them and got the notepad.
Justified homicide.
good game
Nice try discoveryaffiliates affiliate...
I don't blame your SO. That is an evil deed if I've ever come across one. There is a special section of hell for people who ruin the joy of Oreos for others.
Joke's on you, it isn't a serious note.
the creme is the worst part. you would have saved me alot of "scraping creme into the fucking garbage" time. you're a keeper.
Fuck that, I prefer the cookie not the cream. We should team up sometime.
One of my best friends is not allowed to eat Doritos around my family. I've never liked them but she would lick all of the flavor off and put them back in the bag. Family wasn't too happy to be on the receiving end of this disgustingness. 
Cream? You mean the lard and sugar combo?
You are a disgusting bitch. Ewwww
You might be a fatass.
Another front page oreo post again today?
another . post, though not as bad as the ad form yesterday

..you know you can just eat vegetable shortening and powdered sugar together. Literally all that's in the creme filling. 
Who would marry you, OP? You seem like a pathetic beta.
As someone who just signed divorce papers, I don't find the threat very funny.
Funny. When I was younger, my best friend's older brother scraped all of the Oreos' creme off with his teeth. He then stuck them back together and lined them back up in the bag..You'd be surprised how many Oreos it took for us to notice...
Replace the cream with toothpaste.
Am I the only one who likes the cookie part the most?
I think you and I could be friends.. I only eat the cookie part
This should be in .. OP is a monster.
'"Found this note" 
What my SO does is worse--he eats the cream, and then THROWS THE COOKIES AWAY, while I watch in horror, with a full glass of milk in hand.
I scape the cream off because it's just greasy sugar...
One time at work, someone left an entire package of oreos without the cream in the break room.  Everyone was suspicious.  I was angry and decided to get to the bottom of it.  Apparently some dude's wife used the cream to make cupcake icing (the cupcakes were delicious, he brought them a few days prior).  He promised "I swear, no one licked them before I brought them into work."
This reminds me of a story where my friend ate only the marshmallows in a new box if lucky charms.

A fat monster with diabetesh. 
I'll marry you. I prefer the cookie part.
Is that all it takes to get out of  a loveless marriage? 

My fiance loves the filling, I love the wafers.  I have truly found my soul mate :D
[deleted]
 ._.
you and me would get along famously. i would eat those cookies for days!
You're the worst kind of person
Titanium oxide makes the cream so white.
Test how far she's willing to take the threat. Replace the cream you ate with toothpaste. 
Are you married to a 5 year old?
Hmm, I've been noticing quite a few Oreo posts lately. .? 
you're lucky she didn't go lorena bobbit on you for that horrible offense!
You ate just the cream?.How's your diabetes, fat american?
I do this to...
I'm considering diabeets
You're a selfish douchebag.  And you should feel bad.
How does nobody see the blatant Oreo shilling that's always all over this subreddit.
Honestly, she seems like a clinger.  This is definitely something you should not even "consider" at this stage, she should just get up and leave without saying anything.
You are not a monster, but you are an asshole. .EDIT.wait you're a monster asshole.
You're kind of a piece of shit if you do this..My mind . turns to: what other sorts of ridiculous behaviors do you have? Leaving ketchup bottle lids open? Leaving kitchen cabinets open? Do you even flush the toilet when you're done with it? Throw cigarette butts on the ground? Etc.
 is now 
a fat disgusting one too, I'd imagine
For the low monthly . of 1 box of Oreos, you too can enjoy diabeetus just like the stars! 
Go outside and run you fat fuck.
This is an obvious fucking advertisement for Nabisco stop upvoteing this bullshit please. 
Am I the only one that thinks the filling ruins two perfectly delicious cookies
Yes. You are.


Probably obesity.
Probably
Yes.  I've escalated from secret credit card debt to eating all the cream from the oreos.  Seeing as how my hubby didn't threaten divorce when I told him about the credit card debt I'd say I know this is super cereal
You're hiding your plot to capture or kill manbearpig as well?
I believe the OP is the wife?
This is Merica baby where some places allow a woman to marry another woman.

Which, as I understand it, is a step above, considering........  :)
Oh man this would be the ultimate hell for me.  Well played
Haha my intention was to put the eaten ones there since I didn't have a napkin and throw them out ... forgot to throw them out before putting it away (or too lazy I guess, how do you forget that?)
As a sorta Catholic I agree........:)
Hence why each tiny cookie is like 70 calories.
I'm thinking powdered sugar and crisco.
Possibly one of the best gifs I've ever seen.
Now I'm going to think of this anytime anyone is mad at me on the internet.  Thanks for the gif
ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME
for helvede mand, hold kft.

You mean "delicious . chocolatey biscuit?" 
No, no you are not. You may as well suck on sugar cubes. I usually split the cookie and give whichever side has more cream to my kids. ;)
Thank you! The cookie itself lends me all the flavor of the Oreo, I could do without the cream at all. But that's just my opinion. 
Maybe you two should get married instead

What do you think kissing is? 


no, it means she was scribbling to make the pen work. 
That's what he wants you to think.
Yes, it was actually his way of getting out his frustrations so he didn't wake me up and beat me for my transgressions
Well at least you know you deserved it. YOU JUST MAKE HIM SO ANGRY!
He knew the consequences before buying the regular Oreos ... I'm just not strong enough to resist!
When I was a much larger lady I used to do this like it was going out of style

Ok I'm an admitted Oreo offender and even that disgusts . - your best friend has me beat I think
It never really bothered me until I ran into her at a liquor store close by. She was sitting in the passengers seat licking chips and dropping them into a large pile beside the car. She apparently has no shame. 

You caught me ... except I honestly don't even know what the Discovery Affiliate program is.  My husband works for a cable company so we get random stuff from channels all the time
Haha, I figured, it was sitting right there, no one said anything yet, so I took first dibs at it!
Doesn't ruin it for me at all ... now I know how to make it for myself :)

And an asshole. What a way to go through life. I wonder how she even got a husband to begin with.
Jesus. Tell us how you really feel
Sounds amazing, can't wait to get home to see if I have vegetable shortening
Well, if you're going to be a fatty at least you can do it without the preservatives. 
No, just by those of us tired of seeing people spamming links to the subreddit.  Because people CAN'T post pictures with logos without being corporate whores.
My first goal in life is to get diabetes before I'm 30 so I have 4 more years ... I'm not even pre-diabetic yet. Any advice on how to get there?
Keep eating Oreo cream by itself and you'll get there soon enough..Just noticed they are "double stuff" so you can twice as unhealthy!! Good job!!
Great, thanks! Glad to know I'm well on my way!

Sure hope my stocks in Oreo go up because of this post ... momma's gotta buy some new Oreos!
Haha just fyi I'm the wife - my husband left me that note this morning before he left for work
Husband goes to work.  You reddit..Seems that you have your priorities straight (along with eating the oreo filling)..Well played.
Thanks - I like to think I have my shit together.  Redditing while at work is what I do best.  Can't pass the time by actually working, can I?
I have been at work for a little over an hour (showed up naturally an hour later than everyone else).  I have reddited the whole time..Luckily, I have my own office and no one can see my second screen.  I consider this a win for me.
This is exactly how I get away with it as well.  Second screen facing away from the door so I can reddit in peace without constantly minimizing the screen
I have no idea why my company moved me to this office.  I swear, at my old desk I still got a lot of redditing in but with a lot of minimizing.  Now?  Unlimited redditing with minimal distractions.  I like to think I get paid to do this, but I don't.
Not only am I jealous of both of you that you can get away with reddit at work. I'm jealous because I can't even find a job where I CAN'T reddit all day.
Working from home every Thursday and Friday.......
Are... are you rubbing in that you have a job to an unemployed person?

Seriously though, that is a pretty douchey thing to do. Wasteful to. You said you like the golden ones, well buy those. 
Or just buy this and be done with it 
Hubby did the grocery shopping this past weekend - if it were up to me they'd be golden
Still, I know its little but that is the kind of stuff that builds resentment.  Consideration is key. Also putting the cookies back is gross. Unless of course, this was a planned prank, if so, disregard me.
Get the golden ones with the birthday cake creme... O. M. F. G.
Wait ... this really exists?! Where can I find this?! I need to know, right now!!!!
I don't know where you live, but here in CA you can buy them at Safeway.
I'm in NY but I'm going to be on a mission until I find this now.  Thanks for the pic.  Now I know what to look for!
So he went out and bought the Oreos and you fucked them all up? Again, what the hell is wrong with you?
It was only like 3-4 cookies, not the entire bag
Please tell me you read the reviews.
Nice try discovery channel
It's not our fault the op's crazy enough to steal the creamy filling from their so.
So much . going on with Oreos today.
Everyday...
Who do they think they are, trying to breakup my marriage?!  You're right, they're the real monsters here
I get unreasonably angry about this. I have a buddy who's sister does this. The first time he told be about it I got all kinds of frustrated. I don't even know why. It doesn't affect me at all, but it just boils my blood. I cannot wrap my mind around how someone thinks that this is okay..tl;dr OP, you are the worst kind of person.
She also mentioned something about how instead of putting the cookies back after eating all the frosting, she usually just throws them away.  I mean, what's the point of eating something if you don't even like it enough to eat the whole thing?  Just wasteful...
No, I understand if you want to pay for cookies and only eat half of each one. It's your money, that's your prerogative. Throw them away when you're done. .What I don't understand is what perverse thinking has you SAVE these discarded shells? Who would actually eat these after you've desecrated them. What if someone put one in their mouth by accident thinking it was a whole Oreo. It's disgusting.
Totally get that.  It was not my intention to leave them for him to eat.  I honestly intended on throwing them away.  Usually I put them on a napkin or a plate but since I didn't have them I just thought "oh I'll put them on the tray in the bag until I'm done and just throw them away before I put the bag back."  Well that didn't happen and I guess my husband felt I was disgusting for leaving them (as well he should)
the cream is my least favorite. 
That's what my wife says :(
Me too. I hope I end up with someone who likes the cream part so we can live symbiotically, each taking our preferred part of the Oreo without issues.
I'm sorry to hear that, anal-razor.
Looks at username. Hmmm...
I think to truly appreciate an oreo all parts must be eaten in equal measure. There is no best or worst part..What is necessary is milk. Lots of it.


This is awesome
If it isn't clear already, the cream is the only part I like.  I don't really enjoy chocolate.  Absolutely love the golden oreos though
I'm so confused. What's the thought process? My husband would love some cookies with my saliva in them?
No the thought process was that I didn't have a napkin or a plate to put them on so I thought I'd put them back in the tray and throw them out after (only like 3-4 cookies).  But I forgot to throw them out
golden double stuff is just too much, regular golden is so good.
1/4 cup butter, 1/4 cup Crisco, 2 cups confectioner's sugar, 2 tsp vanilla extract.  Use a mixer to mix the sugar and vanilla in with the fats, and grab a spoon.  There you go, no need to keep buying the cookie parts.  You're welcome.
Sweet, I can't wait for my work day to end so I can make this
Can't wait for the post about the results.
[penis joke]
The main reason he'll never file papers
Also, if anything chocolate comes around, he gets it all!.But yeah, swallowing rules.
Thank you. I really don't like the nasty cream stuff and don't see how people eat it by itself. 
Not to mention its mainly just Crisco, which is mostly partially hydrogenated oil these days. Ugh
I like the cream section much less now than I did as a kid, but I have definitely combined two double stuff oreos in to one before. The thing that makes the cream good is the balance between the chocolate crunchy goodness and the creamy fake vanilla sweetness. All cream and no cookie is disgusting. 
I eat one side of the cookie first, so that I can eat the other side with the cream later and have a better cream:cookie ratio.  I.e., without the cream, Oreo wouldn't exist.
The only cream I like (giggity) is the chocolate kind (giggity giggity)..They're dangerously good. I only eat them for special occasions.
I wouldn't say the cream is nasty, but the cookie is far superior.
I specifically scrape off the cream because I feel sick after eating it.
I love the filling most, rub it on my roast, mix it in with my coffee and spread it on my toast. 
Well, it's lard and sugar so.......well there it is.
Actually it's sugar and canola and/or palm oil. 
I don't know if that makes me feel better or worse..
Still, upvote for research!
It is very nasty.
I scrape the cream off with a butter knife. I wish there was a "no stuff" version.
Chocolate cookies...
In some grocery stores or specialty stores, you can find the chocolate wafers by Nabisco. They're just sold in a yellow package, saran-wrapped.
Yes. I wish they would make like a fluffy cream cookie or a half cream one. That would be perfect. Just something not so....greasy. I can literally eat a box of nothing but the cookies lol 
I think neither half is very good by itself. The single-stuffed sandwich combines them in the proportion that is to my liking. There's no need to mess with it.
My thoughts exactly.  I think people buy into the cream hype and then do silly things like eat the cream in an entire pack of double stuffed oreos.  That's just gross and inconsiderate.  Why in the hell not just throw the thing out at that point?
Just jumping in to point out it was like 3-4 cookies, not the whole pack.  I'm not that gross
Well now I need context.  Did you just take the last 3 cookies and eat the center or were there other cookies in there but you felt the need to put your gross cookies back in the package?
I actually prefer both separately. I lick off the creme, and then stick the cookies back together and eat them.
Dude. Not cool.
right?  This is like the bowl full of peanuts story (grandma sucks the chocolate off m&ms) only ..  Why would you put your tongue-licked cookies back for other people to eat?  
Maybe she didn't lick it off? When I steal the cream, I do it by peeling it off!
They're married. I feel like sharing saliva is something they're way past.
Married woman. Can confirm..But even though I know it is not logical to fear his spit given that its the same stuff I kiss, when my hubby and I split stuff like this, we use a knife.
Nope, sorry I use my mouth ... I scrape it off with my teeth if that helps at all
You really are a monster!
I know. It's fucking gross. OP and her husband is a slob for thinking this is cute. 
I don't think it's cute.. it's nasty. Hence the divorce joke. 
I understand the words you're using, but I didn't think it was possible to use them in that order.
There. Now it's in correct English.
The answer is yes. It's always yes.
More like "Don't I really enjoy chocolate? Ohhh yes I do!" 
Is it?
 
this one is really blatant too - especially with OP's "husband" showing up for some "interactive" play with the audience.
Frankly if their marketing department is that clever... I'm strangely ok with it.
Unobtrusive marketing schemes that entertain me for products I like?

that seems incredibly slow for a captcha.
Shit, and I do really really want oreos now after seeing this post.
Oreo . Discovery.
2 days in a row! oreo! Get dat subliminal marketing on the internets.
Or people just really love their Oreos.
Oreos is the brand that is most guilty of this. Everyday I see a new post about how amazing they are. Or redditors just LOVE oreos.
Doesn't really bother me when it's better content than 95% of the other stuff around here.
I fucking LOVE Oreos
Oreos aren't even good, though. The only good oreos are the lemon ones, and they're "Special editions." And you can just buy regular lemon creme cookies for half the price, twice the amount.
Redditors love bandwagons.
oh, I was thinking more about that Discovery affiliate link. I barely noticed the Oreo brand, probably because you can't really find that stuff in my country and I've never actually eaten anything from Oreo.
It's a sad fact. And they are doing great at their job. I have been craving Birthday Cake Oreos for days now.
There are a couple brands that I will sing praises of all day, every day because they are so . Oreo is one of them.
I've been doing ok on my diet but every now and then I look at a package of them in the store and feel a longing most of my ex g/fs aren't subject to. 
OP's husband here. I guess the best thing to do is start plotting my revenge: 
I would consider your first response again.  Consider it seriously.  She clearly has no respect for you or for herself.

Revenge plan step 1.)take Oreos2.)change out cream with toothpaste3.)watch your revenge unfold4.)profit?5.)repeat
Can't you just ask for a blowjob and be done with it? Just cut a hole in a paper plate, stick your dick in the hole or just on the plate and skip the hole, and tell her that's her dinner. Everybody wins.
You have the hand writing of a 9 year old.
Thanks. If I knew this note was going to be seen by 10,000 people I would've taken more than 2 seconds to write it. Or at the least, not have drank so many beers first.
I believe joking about divorce is a bad tactic if you want to stay together. It normalizes it. 
may I recommend this?
My wife has about four hairbrushes.  She always takes mine out of the bathroom and leaves it in random places..Last time, I gathered all the hairbrushes and piled them in front of the door so she would either step on them or pick them up when she came home.  Problem solved, or so I thought..This morning my hairbrush is not in the bathroom.  I cannot accurately express the depths to which my rage burns..What do you recommend for my revenge?
Stick her hair brushes in your dog's asshole. 
Domestic abuse
Take all the hairbrushes (including your own) and hide them in different places that are weird but not impossible to find, make sure you hide yours in a place she can't find it as well.
This is way better than the sperm in the shampoo suggestion!
Jizz in her shampoo.
But... we share shampoo...
Not anymore you don't.
This guy . it!
Secret, travel-sized shampoo bottles hidden around the house.
Collateral damage.
Looks like you won't be shampooing for awhile
 
Can confirm - this is hubby.  I'm now too worried to go home and find out what tricks he's pulled ... Oh lord what have I done?!
An an act that even Satan would think is too far.  Never fuck with oreos.
Good fucking lord.
Well something a bit tactless and disgusting. 
You caused him so much stress he's going to be driven to drink tequila.
That's pretty intense because he hates tequila and it'd have to be pretty stressful to push him to tequila of all things!
You are disgusting and that's all that really matters in this thread.  
True, true
Probably .. It happens quite a lot.
I'm just confused as to why you put the "empty" cookies back.  :-)
I didn't have a napkin, usually I just throw them out.  I didn't want to get cookie crumbs all over the couch so I just put them back to be thrown out  later.  Then I forgot to throw them out.EDIT: technically I got sick (not sure if from all the cream or just sick) and forgot that I was even eating cookies
look, I am not even mad, just really disappointed in you. this completely changed how I am thinking of you and I wonder if we can even repair this relationship after all that happened.
damn it woman you werent eating cookies... you were stuffing sugar and lard down your gullet.  and then you were too "sick" to throw your shame into the trash?  You deserve worse than you will get.
well it was like 3-4 cookies, not the whole bag and throwing up can be a very mentally taxing event but you are right, I should be ashamed
You know what you did
Called him 
Swallowed a load of white stuff.
Technically she licked a lot of white stuff off two black things. .Edit: spelling 
That's why I divorced my wife too!

OP is fucking disgusting. Congrats on being single again soon. 
seriously why would you just not throw out the bag. who saves spit licked cookies. 
Old habits die hard.  Recently had to stop myself from reverting back to the bachelorette days of eating one bite out and putting back the chocolates back into the Whitman's Sampler..Gross, I know.
Man, I miss being single. 
You could use utensils to remove the cream.
Im sure that was the case. 
Only ever seen it done with fingers.
It was only like 3-4 cookies. I didn't eat the ENTIRE bag and leave it for him. That'd be completely fucked up and not simply me being forgetful 
So, you were later planning to go back and eat 3-4 spit-licked cookies?  Or were they for him to "enjoy"?
No I intended to throw out the cookies.  I didn't have a napkin or plate to put them on so I thought "oh I'll just put them in the tray in the bag and throw them out when I'm done" ... and then forgot to throw it out
Wtf? You throw out the cookie part? Who does that?
I'm not so disgusted with you putting the licked cookies back in the container as I am with you just eating the cream of the Oreos. How do you get through that pasty, processed sugar stuff and think "man, a chocolate cookie would just totally ruin this" ?
Silence in the court. Did you not, with malice aforethought eat the cream from the aforementioned chocolate cookies and leave the soiled cookies in the package for your husband to discover?.Baliff, please show the jury the prosecutions exhibit A. 

Does the defendant have anything to say for herself? 
I kind of figured OP was a woman just based on how terrible the spouse's handwriting was. At first glance it looked like "I'm conslooling divorce." Man handwriting.
Yup, when I saw the top comment clarifying that OP is a she, I was like, "How did I already know that?" Must have been the handwriting. 
I'm a woman and my handwriting is fucking awful. My girlfriend once posted a note that I wrote and got downvoted to oblivion and accused of karma whoring because 1) posters thought she was a dude and wrote it herself and 2) when told that we were both girls, no one believed that either. Pretty dumb. 
I'm too used to reading my own handwriting. Didn't even notice the note's.
Okay if it's not conslooling then what the fuck is it?
"Considering"
Thank you! That was bugging the ever living fuck out of me.
I'm a dude and my handwriting is pretty good, albeit sometimes too small. I'm gay not sure if that matters...
Maybe, I'm gay too and I have good handwriting. You could be onto something.
Ah ha! Maybe we inadvertently discovered something previously unknown about gay people! Hehe
but we can tell he (they) doesn't have kids because it's not ALL CAPS.
Note to self: never post my own handwriting on Reddit, people will assume I'm a dude.
I am a girl, who is left handed, it was never in my cards to have good handwriting. I can try really really hard and it comes out about as good as a guy trying to imitate a girls handwriting.... but man I can type fast, it really sucked in highschool when my english teacher wouldn't let me use a computer to write my papers, they all had to be submitted in cursive, which I sucked at. I had to stay after school every day for an entire semester re-learning cursive. AND I HAVEN'T WRITTEN IN CURSIVE SINCE!!! WTF.

Hah!  So true.  Although a few weeks ago some dude decided that I'm confirmed as a woman because of a comment I made.
Gay marriage is a thing that exists. 
You're right, that was kind of presumptive of me, especially considering I'm a gay man.
I think we all do it. It's common to generalize even if you're part of that group. 
How dare you be a woman on the Internet?
Also, the scribbly circle to get the pen going... men just do that right on the sheet of paper they are planning to write their note on..Am I right guys??
Manwriting
I kind of figured OP was a woman when I realized eating part of a cookie and putting it back sounds like the retarded bullshit only a female would attempt, then noticing the handwriting, I concluded I was correct..Also seems consistent with the type of person who would 
I have horrible /sloppy ass writing, and I'm a girl.... I just never could write girly and neat.
People at my work tell me I have "girly" handwriting a lot, but I'm like, "What makes it girly? .?"
loopiness makes it girly. That may be your problem.   
or it's all the hearts, smiley faces and exclamation points you plaster over everything
So I dot all my "I"s with flowers. WHAT IS GIRLY ABOUT THAT?!
I fully admit to having man-ish handwriting.  I'm okay with it.  It's sloppy, but I'm not in a line of work where my handwriting matters.
What makes some particular handwriting girly is the lack of differentiation between upper and lowercase letter height. It's called x-height. Lower case A's look like D's because the A's are so tall. I can't think of a better descriptive term than bubbly. Men's writing styles are usually sloppier, with smaller x-heights and a large differentiation between those letters that go above, lower case H's, L's and F's, and below the baseline, like lower case P's, G's and J's..-Oh yeah, and legibility. If you can read it, it's likely you write like a girl.
Thanks for the informative comment, hahah.
I was thinking that when everyone started assuming I was a male the first thing I thought was "my handwriting is soooo much nicer than that"
I don't see any problem with the writing, it's doctors we should be more concerned about. side note: I LOVE the cookie part, I give the frosting part to my daughter. EVERYONE WINS!!   
I'm a guy with nice handwriting. I'm gay though, maybe that factors in somehow...
It totally factors in. Nice handwriting is one of the most important things when attracting men. So if you want any sort of relationship with any man, you better make sure you have good handwriting.
No, gay doesn't factor into nice penmanship. My daughter's dad, and all of his brothers have amazingly perfect handwriting and it is because their mother is a stickler for schooling and pretty much wouldn't let them get away with bad penmanship. He may be the dumbest motherfucker alive, but he can write really pretty. 
I was mostly joking when I wrote that, but I see your point. The strange thing is I'm the third out of four kids and my three other siblings have absolutely terrible handwriting, akin to a doctor.
We think you're male because sexism teaches us that if someone's inconsiderate, gross or lazy, it's got a penis. .Sorry!
i'll confess, only reason I thought you were the guy is I figured someone who is pregnant would respond like that (I'm pregnant and if my husband did what you did to your's... damn right there'd be some papers ;) ) .but... he'll get over it. Just make this instead "1/4 cup (1/2 stick) room-temperature, unsalted butter
1/4 cup vegetable shortening
2 cups sifted confectioners sugar
2 teaspoons vanilla extract.To make the cream, place butter and shortening in a mixing bowl, and at low speed, gradually beat in the sugar and vanilla. Turn the mixer on high and beat for 2 to 3 minutes until filling is light and fluffy.".I copied it offline, but I made it a while back and man its good :P
CTS
Thanks for this.  I'm gonna try it and make our own Oreo's!  We gchat throughout the work day and he's just laughing hysterically at this post, the comments and all the outrage
go for it!! :) reading through these I was laughing hysterically... and let him know his reaction equals that of an emotional "hormotional" prego woman :P 
The white stuff in oreos is lard with sugar.  Seriously, look at the ingredients.  Yuk.
Two wrongs DO make a right!
Mmm...sugar lard...
Yuk - You spelled delicious wrong.
We assumed you were a male because the action taken is something a guy would do.  Didn't think a female would be quite that....wrong.
You didn't think females were capable of eating the middle out of oreos and leaving the packaging where it belongs? It's freakin economics. You can't waste that cookie part, but you don't want to eat it (Oreo would probably get sued a lot but they'd make a fortune just selling a package of those frosting middles). So you leave it. OP's husband needs to grow a pair and take the cookie part that was left for him, she did him a favor, took all the bad stuff out of it, she sacrificed her own weight  gain in order to save him from eating them, he should be thanking her!
Crisco and powdered sugar. Boom, oreo middles. And crisco doesn't get sued. They just couldn't market it as a snack. It'd have to be like frosting.
Picking out the good parts of ice cream and cookies is a women behavior. They have forager fingers, men just stuff all the trail mix in their mouth and choke on the pretzels. Women artfully gather the best pieces..It's real science.
As a woman, there is nothing I hate more than pretzels in Chex Mix. I have no problem eating around them and leaving them in the bag. Not my fault if you can't control yourself and eat them.
I remain fully in control when I eat pretzels, weirdo. 
This comment made me laugh so hard. like. unusually hard. I think "Forager fingers" did me in.
I have always enjoyed the hell out of this. .I somehow think this also relates to my compulsive skin picking, but that's just another story.
Plus there aren't girls on Reddit
FTFY
This is the real reason.
I guess I'm not here =[
Sounds like nobody in your house is getting doubled stuffed for awhile.
Haha actually laughed out loud
I see what you did there

This was me, but on a conference call with my boss...not even mad
Shit just made me snarf yo!

Whenever Britta does that crap it makes me feel really awkward... like, why?????
Ugh, Britta's in this?
because honestly, she's not a good actress.
No no...You see, she is playing someone who would be a bad actress.  So she is a good actress by being able to portray a bad one.  

To be fair, that one was when she was stoned.
And he'd be completely justified too. .Edit: OP's a she
OP's spouse must be a doctor because he has the handwriting of a 4 year old.
It's more readable than mine!
Agreed; at the very least OP is an asshole.
One cookie away from being the "fat wife".
I opened the comments thinking, I bet a lot of these idiots mistakenly thought this was something the dude would do...
Assuming
Check her post history, I'm sure making her husband go into more debt doesn't help with her cookie situation either.
So OP's husband can't trust her to not selfishly fuck something up when his back is turned. He should get rid of her.
Thanks hellomrpervert - I'll be sure to let him know your advice
Well we . on good terms debt wise ... then I had to go and fuck it all up with the Oreo incident.  If I go home and offer sex do you think that will make it all better?  .EDIT: asked hubby and he told me there is . coming back from what I did this time
as the future you, just know that the only way i made it up to him was to wear lingerie made of oreos... and let HIM put the cream back in them. if you know what i mean. and you should, since i'm you.
Well since I said it, it must be true ... can you point me in the direction of said Oreo lingerie or did I make it myself?
this is where i have to let myself make that decision. and by myself, i mean you..there are no sites that sell lingerie made with oreos, so you can go one of three routes..i have to admit, i envy you. the sex you are about to have was amazing..p.s..your shift keys will break soon.
You made it yourself and posted it to GW with the title, "Made [f]rilly oreo themed panties, how did I do?".-time traveling poster
Once again human race has disappointed me.
What the fuck just happened here?
Honestly no idea ...
Almost upvoted, but hate the terms hubby and wifey.
I've never used wifey but I use hubby all the time ... fair enough
wow sex isnt that good then lol 
massive debt and eats all the Oreo cream, there is a meme in there somewhere
feed him oreos while sexing?
sex will work, but you're going to need to get some leather and some props
props? I'm not sure I want to know
Sex can fix a lot of things, but it cannot replace that Oreo filling.  You monster.
oh sex can replace the oreo filling....
Cum does not go good on oreos.  Don't even try it.  
Duly noted. Where were you a week ago when i needed to know this.
Yes.
Sex still requires work on his part. You'd do well to offer a beej and see where it goes.
Tell him that you need to find some more creme to replace what you took... does he know where you can find some?
This sounds like a great start to a porno.  It just might work!
Offer him some nutter butters and butt sex. That should fix it.
... or find a way to combine the two.  If he's into that sort of thing....That's right.  Shit just got real.
hmmm I guess I better find out if he likes nutter butters
Did reddit just reinvent a new term?  
You've never heard of the cookie? 

nutter buttersex

OP is lucky that she found that note and not the actual divorce papers..Really dodged a bullet there.
The paperwork is being refined And will be carried in by a child with breakfast
In Florida you could probably get away with shooting them.
If they're bashing your head into a sidewalk.

So, are you saying Trayvon was the cookie and George was the cream? 
YOU CAN'T FLIM FLAM THE ZIM ZAM!

YOU CANT HINDER THE ZIMMER.  
SIMMER* BUT UPVOTE FOR LIVING THE ZIM-MERICAN DREAM
Oh, just stop already. 
Already? It's only been a couple days! You gotta really let the outrage simmer...simmer into a flavorful social justice sauce.
Hm hm hm, nothin' goes with a summer barbecue like some outage sauce!
Well, I have a differing opinion; not that it matters. And cracking useless corny jokes does nothing. 
Cracking corny jokes may make someone laugh, but not cracking them does absolutely nothing.
That sir, is a point. 
Which sir?
TURN BACK NOW, NO GOOD CAN COME OF THIS.
Thank you LuckyNewbie, you almost certainly saved me a couple minutes. Now I'll go waste them on another link.
This place is a message... and part of a system of messages... pay attention to it! Sending this message was important to us. We considered ourselves to be a powerful culture..This place is not a place of honor...no highly esteemed deed is commemorated here... nothing valued is here..What is here is dangerous and repulsive to us. This message is a warning about danger..The danger is in a particular location... it increases toward a center... the center of danger is here... of a particular size and shape, and below us..The danger is still present, in your time, as it was in ours..The danger is to the body, and it can kill..The form of the danger is an emanation of energy..The danger is unleashed only if you substantially disturb this place physically. This place is best shunned and left uninhabited.. 
That thing in the top left corner looks like the Japanese hamburger helper
This is kinda adorable
To be fair, if they asked me to count 4 through 10, then 100 and 1000 in Japanese I'd do way worse then they did from Japanese to English
Yes, but how many of us can read the Japanese?
i'd love to see us english speakers trying to write some kanji....
(read as Carl Sagan) On our humble spaceship Earth, we sail through the cosmos among teeeeen's and teeeeeeeeeen's of brilliant stars.
Oh I'm sorry, do you know how to count to 1000 in Japanese?
Yeah but they look so cute don't they?
Bow let's do the same with american people and any other language 
i would like TEEEEEEEEEN DOLLARS
, if you don't get the reference.
They are Rika Ishikawa, Sayumi Michishige and Reina Tanaka from Morning Musume
Well I for one would probably suck at speaking Japanese 
Okay, let's hear your Japanese hot shot.
Since this thread has been derailed by other Japanese comedy, can anyone tell me if 1147-714 (i-i-shi-na-na-i-yon) really means "We have no good products"? Also, direct me to the funny ad school thing that came from?.EDIT: IT DOES!  , apparently. Also, 
That's actually pretty clever. If you don't have the language down 100%, make a decent guess.
Don't know if anyone's posted . yet, but man is it hilarious. Japanese people have to tell stories in English.
Schforteen teen? Scheven hief?
Also, .!
I the "americans trying to speak japanese" results would be sooooooooo much worse than these
For everyone commenting "I bet you couldn't count to 10 in Japanese!".Keep in mind that most Japanese people start taking English classes around age 10 and continue until they graduate high school. 
What's the glove saying? He's the most interesting person there. 
ITT: not-Japanese people get offended on behalf of the Japanese, while the Japanese understand that no one's making fun of them.
They got 4 wrong answers out of 10. Not that bad.
But "we're" not "on this subject".
I like how they applied their math skills to their understanding of applying vowels. 0=e
If the tables were turned and it was Americans trying to write Japanese, you would see a lot more white space.
Better handwriting than me...
TIL  my grandpa is a teenager.
Well, I'll concede, after you read to me the Japanese characters on the sides of that picture.
When all else fails, just keep adding more e's - it's kind of the same thing.
thats adorable

Funny, yet still better than many Americans can do.  haha. 
With those kind of girls i would just learn japanese and forget english for the rest of my life
Who cares when they're so adorable. They're still smarter than beauty queens.
They know more English than I do Japanese 
Can I have one? PLEEEEEEASE? I NEED IT.
What's sad about this is that the Japanese government spends tons of money to teach Japanese students English. Yet, having lived in Japan for several years, I can tell you they have very little to show for it..For some reason, it's fashionable to use English in pop culture, yet if students actually try to learn English in school, they're ostracized as nerds.  So, to be "cool", kids actively avoid learning it.
That's higher than I can count in Japanese. Good job.
I laughed until I realized that's infinitely better than I could do in the reverse situation.
they are all hot
How many apples does billy have? Teeeeeeen!
better than I could do if I were in the reversed situation
Meanwhile in Japan they are laughing at Americans trying to speak Japanese. .Seriously reddit it's enough already.
Suddenly having sex with a Teen means something completely different :|
Haha lol thought process: "Jesus fuck, uh HOW do you say a hundred again? Let alone a thousand? Uh, let's see, lemme think of some FUCKING HILARIOUS wrong answers because I am a professional funny person. Also if I'm not sure of the spelling I'll just sound it out.".AKA jeezus fuck guys these girls know what they're doing, OP is not racist.
Their logic is flawless. 
if they want to learn English they should just watch this!

2,500 karma for something I see on 4chan everyday? holy shit I should just start spamming reposts from /v/
lets see americans write in japanese 
I don't get what's wrong here...I'll pay teeen dollars to whoever can point it out to me
So adoreable!
everyone go watch Ayaka's Surprise English lessons on youtube.
i find it sadly ironic that the katakana in the top right of the picture says that the name of the tv show is english: 'black variety' [phonetically 'burakku baraeti'].  .japan seems to be unique in the world as the one country that uses the most english words/phrases on a day to day basis, yet is internationally renowned [mocked?] for being so poor at actually speaking english..waseigo man....
It's over nineTEEEN!! 
I've seen TEEEEEEN posts like this,  and they never get old. 
This post needs more ..
This could also be on 
it would be interesting to see americans try to speak japanese
I don't know if this is intended to make fun of Japanese people's English, but most Americans are dumb as fuck when it comes to a second language much less third or fourth language which Europeans have under their belt.  And Americans are arrogant as fuck about it too.  For example, going to France as tourists and saying to a Frenchman, "What?  Are you retarded?  Don't you speak English?"
They're asian? Lets laugh at how they can't spell in English. Why is it asians are the only ones that gets made fun of? What about latinos, africans, and europeans who don't fucking know english. 
Side note: Japanese has new words for every  multiple of 10,000 after "man" but they're not all widely known. If you say them all quickly, it also sounds like a Buddhist mantra or something. 
1: ichi
10: jyu
100: hyaku
1,000: sen
10,000: man
100,000,000: oku
Chou
Kei
Gai
Shi
Jyou
Kai
Kon
Sei
Sai
Goku
Kougasha
Asougi
Nayuta
Fukashigi
10. Muryoutaisuu
I don't think they would be able to write one thousand in the space provided.
Okay I get the 100 = teen, but 1000 = teeen, now that is just wrong.. 

un du tree fo fa si sev eit na ta
Some people refer to it as "katakana English".  I noticed quite a few Japanese knew how to read and write, but not speak it.  However, this was out in Kyushu.  .Also, I made a joke with my home stay mom once, and asked is "internet" pronounced "interneto".  It was.
Same girls, same skill.
TEEEEEEN
I wish I had a TEEEEEN dollars.
"congratulations, you've just won teeen dollars!!!"
I want to be a teenianair!
 makes so much more sense now.
It's over nineteeen!
It's due to how they count in their language. If they want to express a large round number they'll say ten ten for 100, there's not really a special word for place values in the way that we're accustom to. .There is a masturbation joke relating to that, men are referred to as 100 rubs, where women are referred to as 1,000 rubs. .Another mindfuck is that English is one of the few languages where the subject goes before the action. Most other languages are spoken like Yoda. 
At least 8/10 would. 
I like the japanese hamburger helper hand in the top left corner. .I hewp you, I hewp you!
I taught English in Japan for a while. I was asked, and still can't explain, why we don't say oneteen, twoteen, threeteen...
'
100 TEEN? works for mee.
teeen Teeeen TEEEEEEN

Teeen
Now make them spell 1910
Awww Morning Musume! Everytime I see this screencap I have to giggle a little. 
Godzillaaaaaa!
Teeeeeeeen.
I'd just tell them they're right.
Teen/Teen would bang
It's true that Japanese girls look like dolls...
TEEEN!
How would doctor evil ask for demands if he were Japanese?
EITO
TEEEN!!!
That would change the rap game quite a bit.. Cash money teeeeeenaires.
teen, teeeen? TEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEN!
damn these girls are cute

MY SPLEEEEN
Aaaand Teeen.....
TEEEEEEEEEEEEEN!
what's the name of this TV show?
So what does a english talk show look like in Japanese?
there are teeen fish in that lake
A high Hamburger Helper glove?
Why are Japanese girls who speak English badly so cute?
Reminds me of that episode of Undeclared where they communicate by typing into translators and play messages back and forth.
TIL Japanese people speak in ebonics.

Haha FOW NAGGA! 
Their logic is on pooooint
N-word rights.
The ten part actually makes sense...  the e represents the number of 0's.  Kind of interesting because to them English is probably pretty stupid.
AH, we meet again, hamburger helper mascot.
I lost it at teen, and teeen.

engrish.com
Hahahaha!
So my power level by their logic is over niiine.
What is this from?
While we're on the subject on cute Japanese babes...
Engrish.com
I'm all for laughing at people, but how is someone learning a difficult to learn foreign language funny? It'd be like a mathematician laughing at you for struggling through a calculus problem.  
teeeeeeeeeeeen
so if I told them to spell 1,000,000 im guessing it'll look a little like this?? "teeeeeen" 
Now ask a north american to write that in japanese
"And if I had a teeeeeen dollars, Well I'd buy you a house"
Thanks Reddit! This comment put me over teeen karma!
I think its pretty stupid that we have words for numbers.why the fuck cant 1 just be 1 instead of 1 or "one".stupid.
Can't believe reddit is ignoring how beautiful these girls are... not even a single "I'd like to bend her over a barrel and show her the 50 states."
Teeeeeen
In fairness to the Japanese contestants, we still have a show called "Are you Smarter then a Fifth Grader?" here.
It's almost as if Cartman has a really shitty friend called ten.
Ten, Teen, Teeen thing would actually be a quite good system...
Those girls should've listened to the Hamburger Helper glove in the corner there. Motherfucker looks like he knows all the answers.
ahh.. yes Japaneses, one of my most useless skills is reading it. I can read it like its my native language, let i lack any motivation to learn vocab. However i do know how to intro my self and for some reason i cant stop saying it. 
This show is awesome and adorable 
I'm not sure what to think.        . 
Is that hamberger helper in the top left corner?
More 0's? .Better add E's.
 Engrish
Laugh it up, but counting in Japanese is hard as shit.
That reminds me of:
.
It's from another japanese game show in which they aren't supposed to laugh.
Can someone post a link to the original? I can't find that shit anywhere.
According to Tora from Alice Nine...Today is Therthday..(Tora is a guitarist in Visual Kei band Alice Nine btw)
I would hit that teen times
.... Who is that girl on the right..
Shawty is a ten, a teen, Shawty is a teeen... 
Saw a funny video a long time back with a english prof. of some sort doing a lecture pretending to talk with a huge accent at the start. He made some funny jokes about the english language, how you write a Letter with sentences that contain words that contain.... letters. Anyone know the video/lecture im talking about? pls link if you do
Like we can speak Japanese any better?
Why are there stoned hamburger helpers everywhere?
one hundred is not "teen"... it's "ten ten ten ten ten ten ten ten ten ten"
Dibs on the one with the cat outfit 
TEEEEEN
Yes can i have teeen dollars please
I guess one million would be 'teeeeeen'!
Lets see you count to 10 in Japanese. 

I suspect that it may be there representing Tuna Helper.
Get with the times, man... It's just "Helper" now.
To be even more fair, we do not play japanese movies on TV or in cinemas in the western world, but they DO play hollywood movies in Asia. Quite so actually..So it's really not even.
I just started trying to self-learn Japanese... Fuck even going to Kanji yet, that's the all the stuff borrowed from the chinese characters. Just trying to do Hiragana and Katakana alone is hard enough. And those are only 46 basic characters each themselves... 104 each to represent all the spoken syllables. Hell one of these sets is just to phonetically pronounce foreign words..Then to be fluent in Japanese you need to know about 2000 kanji as well..Totally different way of thinking you have to approach it as if you're an infant that knows nothing to get the full grasp of it..I can only recognize like 4 out of the 46 basic hiragana and only 1 katakana at the moment... lol
very few.  Even in Hawaii where there are
many Japanese descendants.
or even to master understanding spoken Nihongo,
also to  be able to speak it  very well....
I think I love you now.

That's all that matters

The girl on the left is 




HOW CAN HE TALK?!

"Write 4-10, 100, and 1000 in English."





The comparison would be more fitting if Spanish used different characters and one asked a non Hispanic decent American to write it. English is everywhere in Japan (especially numbers) where as Japanese is basically no where in the U.S.




Well usually, we laugh at English speakers who can't spell in their own language, so this is kind of amusing. And yes, we can't spell in English as well in a lot of cases. Someone go find a funny picture of other nations trying to speak/ write in English now.


You're not quite right about how common the English-style word order is. In fact SOV (Subject-Object-Verb) word order (like Japanese and Latin) is found in 45% of languages whereas SVO (like English and Russian) is found in 42% of languages. Yoda-style word order (OSV) is . uncommon as the primary word order of a language..For more information, search for 'word order' in a search engine.


Interesting question. Looking at the etymology of . and ., my guess would be it's a leftover from an older . (base 20) counting system which was mostly replaced by the present day decimal counting system..As for numbers from thirteen to nineteen, that's a combination of sound change (hence thir- vs three) and the suffix -teen, which was an inflected version of the word 'ten' meaning 'ten more than'.
Whale helper
"Just add your own fin whale and your family will have a complete nutritious meal in minutes."

The same company actually makes a product called "Asian Helper".

I'd like to see the English try to speak Japanese. 

Am I the only one that read that in an annoyinly high pitched voice?
So kawaii~
"So how much are you bailing out the banks?"."Teeeeeeeeeee..."

This just makes me think, "how stupid do . sound when trying to speak Japanese?".I'm guessing that it's pretty bad.
yes.
Pronouncing the characters isn't that hard. Unlike English where letters can be pronounced in several different ways, each symbol in the Japanese "alphabet" really only has one pronounciation.
That hotty on the right sure is!
Anybody who is familiar with Japan and Japanese TV knows that this is feigned stupidity for comedic effect. All Japanese people that age can accurately spell those numbers. .Japanese TV is notorious among foreign expats as being completely fake and scripted. There is a black guy named "Bobby" who talks like a moron and always makes simple mistakes in Japanese. One day, on TV, his kid asked him why he talked like that because he doesn't talk like that at home..It's ridiculous.
Make jokes all you want...me and two friends couldn't count in Japanese, let alone spell anything.
Japanese schools have mandatory English education from 1st grade through high school.

  .
Black text: Black Variety.
Talking hand: Write 410, 100, and 1,000 in English.
Girl on right (pink): [You] stretch out [the word ten to make the word for 100].
Girl on left (blue), middle box: I'm scared.
Girl on left (blue), left box: Teeen, teeen  .
Red box: Some time later....
Girl on right (pink): [Do it/say it] in order.
Girl on left (blue), top box: Wan [one], tsuu [two], surii [three].
Girl on left (blue), bottom box: Ugh, this is awful  .NB: My Japanese has gotten super-terrible, but I'm pretty sure about everything except the red box..
Edit: Thanks to . for a suggested improvement to the red box translation.
Wait who's stretching what out now?

Ten, what happened? Ten? Teen? TEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEN!?

Yay! Someone got the joke! +1 for you.
Hang on a second. TEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEN is TEN with 20 Es. That's E times itself 20 times. E. 10E20. Suddenly scientific notation makes a lot more sense.
HOLY SHIT. They're absolutely right.
For anyone wondering, that's . and ., members of the group ..
And I think that's Rika Ishikawa on the left.
Ah and here i thought that it was Hitomi Tanaka:/


Thank you good sir/madam. You just turned me into one of their fans. Now I have to whole weekend to go through their singles and albums!
Kind of related:
Reina is a former member.
Crap I'm older than all of them, and less successful
Don't worry, idols are more or less slaves because they make relativity little for how much their life is ruined through overwork and the emotional stress.  Its hard to be a fan of it tbh. Was a big fan of this group specifically back in the day and slowly got it of it as I got older and more sad at how overworked they are.
Relatively little? I . The popular ones (like the ones shown in the picture), make a tidy sum..500k USD a year isn't peanuts. 

This would be funnier if english speakers had an opposite show, and did well in it. I'm pretty sure it would be the same result..At least they are having a game show where people learn english.

You have not lived until you have had someone in your Japanese class insist on pronouncing it with a southern twang.
It's like you learned Spanish or French in school and never get the chance to practice it again until someone makes a game out of how much you can remember from ~10 years ago in a class you really didn't care about.
Pretty much this. When I taught there, I tried to give my students a little bit of slack because I was totally the same way when it came to studying Spanish in middle school and high school. Of course I WANTED them to learn it, but I mean, I could at least relate. If someone put me on a game show and gave me a bunch of Spanish vocabulary to translate, I'd be lost, haha. 
They teach English in all the schools over there..And I don't think the same concept would work if we did a game show with Japanese here English speaking places because Japanese is really easy to spell. They don't have weird vowels or anything like we do. It would be difficult if they made us spell it in kanji/hirigana/katakana, but that would take months of practice just to learn their alphabet.
Actually katakana and hiragana don't really take that long to learn. It took me a week to learn both. And while kanji isn't a syllabary and takes years to learn, all and all it's not so bad. The grammar is the bitch.

Also Japanese isn't really a widely spoken language like English.

Tidbit about how they wrote the number eight: In Japanese, there is no phonetic sound to end a word with [vowel]-t.  "-ote" "-ate" "-ite" are all unpronounceable without a good amount of practice.  Some of my Japanese friends' families couldn't say my name as a result.
To be fair, the "Zl" sound at the beginning of "Zlurpo" isn't exactly obvious.

In Japanese all words end with a vowel which is why they insert an -u at the end of non-Japanese words that don't.
Nor is there a 've' sound but we see one for five.  Fow is similarly the lack of ending a word with a vowel or an 'n'.  Six is easy to remember the spelling (spelled like sex and is similarly short).  Not sure what the ten thing is.

Ending a word on a "t" sound is particularly difficult in Japanese, though. Most loan words that end in consonants use the [consonant]+u kana, like "su," "bu," and "ku."."T" is the exception because the "tu" kana is pronounced "tsu." As such, the "to" kana is used in its place..Why is this significant? Because terminal "u"s in Japanese can pretty much be swallowed. Terminal "o"s, less so.
The girls in the picture are members of a Japanese idol group. It's probably an attempt at being cutesy patootsie.
+1
cutesy patootsu*
THAT'S WHY on Tokyo Drift the Asian girls counting down would say "Ready, Set-O, Gooo"

Personally I was more thinking something like Trigun - "Vasha tha Stampedo!"

Yep. That's also why Japanese baseball announcing is amusing. "Strike" has so many consonants in a row, when they say it they add lots of extra syllables... something like si-tu-ri-ke. .Edit: People below are very likely correct; my example was drawn from a vaguely-remembered introductory linguistics course. 
I thought it was sutoraiku
You're correct. Other dude's bastardization would sound like "shi-tsu-ree-kay".
I don't think he was doing romaji spelling, just some phonetic transcription (that granted, isn't too correct).  Interesting to note though that apart from the "ri", if that were hanyu pinyin, it would sound very close to a Chinese way of saying strike.
I like the idea of just yelling TEN louder with each additional order of magnitude.
I had to read it in Cartman's voice.
"Bill Gates, how much money do you have in your wallet"?.Somebody find a megaphone!
He answered this in his AMA. He had 100 dollars in his wallet. 
Ten? TEN?!? .The only way I could read the bottom row.
It's more a substitution which makes sense when you know how Japanese works as a language from written to oral.  Each symbol is a sound, so I could see them not knowing what 100 is and trying to use the same method with the 0 being the e sound.

"OH GAWD, it says .".". Plenty of time to reach the bomb then."
Why is hamburger helpers mascot in the top left corner?
Because Japan
I was about to ask that same question. Is Hamburger Helper sponsoring their game show?
What are they wearing? 
Mista Hambulu!.Awesomu Powa
It looks stoned.
It doesn't have small eyes because it's stoned but because it's... you know...
"bro I just helped the fuck out that pasta mah nigga"
FTFY
good catch
*Hunborger heparu


fufufufufufu

hunborger harupa
Apparently she has been listening to too much rap if she thinks 4 is FOW

Japanese 'r' is different. Their pronunciation of the 'our' sound in four would sound more like 'oh' than "or," I think. 
They just drop the "R" completely since they don't have it by it's self. Otherwise, it would be "Foru" or something. Which would be pronounced more like "for(d)u." (with the rolled "r")

Neither does English, right? "four" is just a single syllable..On another note, out of all possible misspellings of "itself" this one takes the cake by a wide margin.
He means you can't end syllables or words with -r in Japanese. The only consonant you can end words with in written Japanese is -n. The English word "four" is pronounced "foa" () in Japanese.
Tokyo-dialect Japanese (the official national dialect) has trouble with most syllable-final consonants, especially when they're word-final. This is reflected in the writing system; the only character that does not represent a consonant followed by a pure vowel is the "n" character, as others have noted. Other Japanese dialects that have syllable-final consonants outside this set are actually written with the same compensatory measures they use for foreign loanwords. 
Japanization of English loan words containing syllable-final "r" sounds tends to imitate non-rhotic English accent pronunciation. Compare English, Aussie, or Kiwi pronunciation of "car" [k] with 'Murrican [k] and Scottish [k]; Japanese loanwords tend to emulate that first pronunciation style to compensate for the lack of syllable-final r's in their writing system and phonological landscape. They usually accomplish this by adding terminal "ah" sounds or extending the preceding vowel sound in a pretty close imitation of English English. Hence, borrowed English "car" sounds like "kaah" (), borrowed English "carrier" sounds like "kyah-lee-ah" (), borrowed English "Air Conditioner" sounds like "eh-ah kone-dee-show-naah" (), and "four" comes out "foh-ah" (). As for why she'd try and spell it "fow," it's probably because Tokyo-Japanese only has "pure" vowel sounds (basically monopthongs). All the odd ways English has of spelling its plethora of monopthongs, dipthongs, and tripthongs are even harder to remember and keep straight when your ear isn't even trained to distinguish between them well. ("ow" "ou" "oo" "oa" "oe" "ough" "or" "our" "ore" - what ridiculous combination of letters was it, again?) 
They treat syllables differently. See ..
Meaning without a followup vowel sound. .Every syllable in Japanese is a consonant + vowel sound (du, so, ba, and so on) except 'n'. So ending a word with 'r' makes no sense.
You don't seem to know how Japanese works. Simply put, instead of letters they have syllable-based characters, and aside from n (which can be used as its own syllable), that means that a word can't end in a consonant. There is no letter r, there are syllables like ra/re/ri/ro/ru, but there is no simple "r." 

1,000,000 = TEEEEEN
It's over Nineteeen!
I love 100 porn.
I was wondering if any redditor was going to comment and say something about how hot those JAPAN girls look :D 
[10] porn is great too

You're fine as long as it's not 99 porn

.01 = NEET
wow that is actually pretty genius now that i think about it.
Not in Employment, Education, or Training?

Welcome to the NHK!
The most sobering anime that I know of. Great show. 


Username
 



Was hoping for a gay wallet. Left dissapointed.


You have outdone yourself wallet, outdone yourself indeed!





No, they said NEAT. Jesus, man, pay attention.
Spiderman thread
How 'bout now?



Well, what can you write in Japanese? 
Ohaiyou gozaimasu, Watashi no onamae wa Brian desu.

Exactly. I have an Arabic girlfriend I sometimes tease good naturedly about her English (which is actually very good). If it ever seems to actually embarrass her I remind her I'll never actually be making fun of her until my Arabic is better than her English, which at the rate I'm going will be the year 2525. 
ichi.ni.san.yon.go.roku.nana.hachi.kyuu.jyuu.hyaku.sen.man.
1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8-9-10.
Given that multiple years of English are required classes in Japan, you'd think they'd be better than us since we have no Japanese requirements.
.: ichi.: ni.: san./: shi/yon.5: go.: roku.: nana.8: hachi.9: kyuu.: jyuu.It's been awhile.  I had to double check the hiragana on a few of these.

Ningen, ningen, ningen, ningen, ningen, ningen, ningen. I'm 100% ningen.

Nei ge, nei ge, nei ge, nei ge, nei ge, nei ge, nei ge, xin jian wo shi san bai bai fan de nei ge.


Not a fair comparison, since Japanese isn't the world-wide language due to massive amounts of imperialism. I'm Swedish, but don't except people to know Swedish. But you were probably not too serious. 

Additionally, pretty much all Japanese students have at least 3 years of English in high school. So, something as basic as how to write the names of numbers can be expected as general knowledge over here. 
           .Silly nips not having google.  Now gimme my teen dollars I win.

no 

 () () () ().
This one wins.
TIL JYUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU

It has long been my dream for someone to post this gif to a comment of mine. 

Hahah, well done :)
What are the last 3 characters? o.o;
They'd be read as "hyaku" ( - hundred), "sen" ( - thousand), and "man" ( - ten thousand). .So the hiragana I put for them was entirely incorrect, but funny in the context of the picture.

Yi, er, san, si, wu, liu, qi, ba, jiu, shi, bai, qian, wan.
That's Chinese ;3
thatsthejoke.jpg

yut, ye, sam, say, mm, lok, chut, baat, gow, sup..Edit: I was doing Cantonese D:
You left out "baat, cheen, maan" you damn baatchee..(I just realized eight and hundred are pronounced exactly the same.)

Ahahaha too many people won't be able to understand the humor here!
I feel very stupid right now
Won't be able to understand that he's just done the exact same thing but in Japanese?
Nah, it's obvious even if you don't know any Japanese. 

I'm hoping there'll be a fair few that do!

Well I don't know anything about Japanese but based on the last few character groups having that one symbol go twice then three times then four times I'd guess its a joke based on the picture? Possibly the numbers?
juu () is 10 .juuu () is 100.juuuu () is 1000.juuuuu () is 10000.(Only the ten is correct by the way.)

Japanese numbers are easy!.4: jon
5: go
6: roku
7: shichi
8: huchi
9: kyuu
10: juu
100: juuu
1000: juuuu
I do believe the romaji for 4 is "yon"
I thought 8 was hachi.Hachi-Roku is the Corolla 86.I like cars
I thought 8 was "hachi". 
1 2 3 are the easiest, just remember "Itchy Nissan". 
The juu numbers certainly made their answers for 10-100-1000 make more sense. So does it just keep going like that? 

4 is "yon" or "shi". "Yon" is more often used because "shi" also means "death", so it's considered bad luck to use it..100 = Hyaku.1000 = sen (I believe).Ichi ni san yon go roku nana hachi kyuu juu, juu-ichi, juu-ni, ..., ni-juu, ni-juu-ichi, ni-juu-ni, ..., san-juu, san-juu-ichi, ....Japanese counting is easy :D
1000000: juuuuuuu
that is way over huchijuuuu
how does roku tie into the media player?
"The company was founded in October 2002, by ReplayTV founder Anthony Wood. Roku means "six" in Japanese, a reference to the six companies Wood has launched."

I think that was the sixth product that company developed
Huh, I learned the word for seven as Nana.

Especially because there is a system for the multiples of 10. . - 1 2 3 4 5
 - 10. - 20, 30, 40, 50
(basically 2x10, 3x10, ...).Also  = 23 (2x10+3)

I don't know if this is a joke. 
It is, he got the same numbers wrong as on the white board. For the curious It's actually:
4: yon 5: go 6: roku 7: shichi 8: hachi 9: kyuu 10: juu 100: hyaku 1000: sen
I've always been told that 7 was nana. I'm guessing it changes depending on area?
Here's are some explanations of the differences and origins: . 
This thread has been surprisingly educational

The Japanese word for death is shi, so they often say yon and nana for for and seven, instead of shi and shichi. Yon and nana are the Japanese derived versions, IIRC, and shi/shichi are from Chinese (where they have the same superstition about four).
It's the same as shi/yon for four. Both shichi and nana are correct, and it depends on usage/context.
I learned ichi, ni as itchy-knee!
Itchy knee sun, she go!

I learned Ichi Ni and San while playing FF11 back in the day (2003 or so). They were all in the names of my Ninja's abilities.

did you take a class with senile sensei?!
Itchy knee sand, she go rock Nanna, has she? Cue Jew.
What about Jews?
A chef I had at a Japanese resturant taught it to me as "Ichi, ni, san.  Sorta like scratchy Toyota."  Then we did sake bombs.
I learned four as "shi".
And seven as "nana".
Our sensei taught us seven as "shichi".
Shi is rarely used since it sounds like the word for death. Generally yon is used. 

Me too. But both are correct, I believe? I only know from what I learned from my Okinawa native grandmother in law.
Japanese has two sets of numbers for counting different things (usually depending on if the word you count with (like parts, grains or pieces) is a Chinese origin word or an original Japanese word). The standard ones are Chinese origin (ichi, ni, san), the other being Japanese (hito, futa, mi). Chinese is used for most things, but the Japanese number for four is made an exception because of the superstition around (or just dislike of the sound of) "shi", their word for death.

IIRC the numbers yon and nana (4 and 7 respectively) are used in certain situations like phone numbers and addresses rather than just counting.
There's a superstition surrounding the "shi" sound in Japanese. Thus, alternatives for "shi" and "shichi" exist. "Yon" and "nana" respectively.
There are also superstitions about the number 9 which is pronounced "ku" or "kyuu," because it begins the adjective "kurushii," which means "painful." .For an extreme example, it's very bad luck to give someone in the hospital a potted cyclamen plant as a get-well gift. First of all, the loanword for cyclamen is  ("shikuramen"), so you got the "shi" in there, which means "death," and the "ku" in there, which begins "painful." On top of that, there's the superstition that, if you give someone a potted flower when they're in hospital (as opposed to cut flowers), they will be rooted into the bed the way the plant is rooted into the pot.
There are actually alternatives for all numbers but only 4 and 7 are used commonly on their own. 1 and 2 are used fairly commonly for certain counters such as people.  1-10, 14, 24 are all said differently when referring to dates. Japanese is absurdly complex in other words.
In Chinese as well,  (death) and  (fow) are both pronounced with the syllable "si". I believe they use the same symbols and have the same superstition in Japanese.
Right, the difference is that the first sound in  ("shichi") is the same as  and , so the superstition applies to both four and seven.
They don't have that one in Chinese  is pronounced qi (like chi in chihuahua), not si.
Maybe he is actually thinking of  Shi. The sound is about the same, as well as the character.

In South China yes, almost the same because shi -> si. So southern superstition?

yon and nana are "kun yomi" Japanese derived readings for the characters for four and seven, whereas "shi" and "shichi" are "on yomi" Chinese derived readings..In certain contexts you count using Japanese derived readings, but usually you use Chinese derived readings. However, because "shi" is also death (), it is common (although not universal) to use "yon" and "nana" in place of "shi" and "shichi" even in contexts where you'd normally use Chinese derived readings..Note that modern Chinese has exactly the same superstition regarding four (but not seven, which is pronounced differently).


IIRC Death is "shini". On a related note, the number 42-42-564 is used in Soul Eater to contact the grim Reaper -- it sounds like "death-death-murder (shini-shini-kuroshi)"
"Dial 42-42-564 whenever you want to knock on deaths door"
I was just saying, Si is Chinese for four and death, so Si is an unlucky number. You never give anyone four of a gift, and they used to not have fourth floors on hospitals. .In some dialects, like Taiwanese, Shi is pronounced as Si. 
Definitely should have been Light Yagami's phone number or something.
*goroshi.Sorry.
shouldnt the last 3 numbers be 965? I mean Im not great at the number to word thing in Japanese but 5 is pronounced go or itsu, and can be used for i.  9 is kyu ku kokono.
Four is shi or yon.
MY Japanese Teacher hated it when we said Shi for 4
they don't use shi as much because it also has to do with death and is considered unlucky.
shi could also mean death in Japan, they also consider shi a bad luck number along with kyuu
But it's less favorable to use "shi" as it sounds like their word for "death"..The mandarin word for death also sounds like "shi"

Exactly what I was thinking.
GO!!
If you mix Japanese with Spanish, "his four" becomes "su shi". Or "su yon," but that doesn't make sense in Janish.

Studying both languages at the same time, I sometimes mixed up "demo" with "pero".
I feel like Spanish and Japanese were really easy to mix up for some reason. I guess it was the similar pronunciation (same vowel sounds etc.) I wonder if other languages are as easy to confuse.
Or like, "donde esta?" and "Doko desu ka?"

Well if you say "pan" in spanish it means "bread". If you say it in japanese, it will still have the same meaning!
You can not really go wrong with this one!
It seems like a lot of syllables tend to end with vowel sounds in both Japanese and Spanish..Source: I am German.
Pan is both Japanese and Spanish for bread.
Pero means to lick right? 

i almost confronted a teacher once because I wrote ahora instead of ima on a vocab test and didn't realize it was now in the wrong language. I . felt so stupid...
Or jaaa... with pues

They should have shown 1 000 000 on the TV, just for laughs :P
All episodes, eng-subbed, can be found here as well: 
First thing that popped in my head. TEN TEN TEN TEN TEN
I died on the 100 one
Funny, you make a post and just happen to have a related comment as well.  Whore that karma bitch, you whore it good.  Faggot..Honestly I wanted to top comment to be about how everyone wanted to fuck the brains out of the girl on the left (shes hot) but no.  I am stuck with this bull shit.
One, Two, Three, Ho...
Love that video so much. 
I know what thread you are referencing OP, but do you have a link to it? I saw it earlier and can't find it.
The things I would do to get Japanese tv channels.
I knew someone had to post this
Math city bitch, math math city bitch. Ten ten ten plus twenty equals fifty bitch. 
hah, first thing I thought of, just came here to see if it was posted already 
I lost it when he tried to count 100.

, but with Chinese guy and a girly singing voice
Came here for Ten Ten Ten, was not disappoint.
Korean. Fantastic nonetheless. 
TenTenTenTenTenTenTenTenTenTen
 

Foundtfy
I got to get back to watching Batsu Game. That stuff is pretty funny.
Here are all of them: 
That's my favorite one. 
They do a tag game for part of one of the newer batsus, The spy one.   I think it was 2011 or 2012.  Def worth watching.

The best part of this one is when they get to eat and keep fucking over Hamada.  Also,.Come!  Gather around these manboobs!
We need greater and greater game shows that in involve heartthrob people with a stick.
We need more game shows that in involve beating people with a stick.
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, I punch your face!
So that's what Yoko Ono has been on system these years.
I'm making this purple link double purple. Purple purple.
Double purple should just be pronounced durple.  

Make these purple too:

Jesus Christ, Marie.

It's called a repost.
Why not both?
Domestic repost.
My vote is Chris Brown.
this should be going somewhere
Beat me to it good sir...
Beating up a cervix could be misconstrued as abuse.  "Beat dat pussy up" has a new meaning!
This isn't going anywhere. It has been posted at least 100 times.
Neither, it's a repost joke.
I see what you did there..

APPLE BOTTOM JEANS (JEANS) BOOTS WITH THE FUR (WITH THE FUR) 
Shh we have here a fine specimen. Now I'm gonna stick my thumb uphis butthole. That's really gonna piss him off.
[deleted]
I actually shuddered...
This is a rare shot of santa claus without his shirt on. 
I too used to laugh at these pictures until I started to grow long in the tooth and slowly but surely hair started to grow from my back as well. Let this be a lesson to all you youngsters, time catches up!
and he's sporting some ski boots
The yeti is vacationing and apparently forgot to take off his ski boots
Why the f'k is he wearing ski boots in the middle of summer?
Sean Connery?! Is that you?!
even in the middle of winter he wouldn't need a jacket
Such majestic creatures
Bet he's the best skier on the mountain. 
Those boots says "Make me in Wrestling 2014"
He's wearing ski boots
not that rare considering I see this picture at least once a month on here.
So this is what my boyfriend's sexy body hair is going to look like in 40 years..
So when did Benson give Skips get a vacation?
Ah, springtime at the ski resort. If you wanna see bikinis you need to pay the price.
Apparently 90% of redditors have never seen spring skiing, where there's melting snow, babes, and lots of water.
Dr. Hank McCoy is getting on in years.
I have huge regret looking at this photo
This looks like Arapahoe Basin........??
The chick looks like Nancy Botwin from the back ...
he's wearing ski boots because they are at a mountain. Notice the other people wearing goggles and the cats in the back. 
Rare?  Have you been in a Walmart recently?
i have an uncle that hairy, XD he wears a shirt in the pool, but you can still tell
I think this might belong in 
ski boots
im having issues major issues with vomit mouth
HUGE!
Hahaha I'm in Spain, sooo no.
Rare as shit:
Do you guys always have to do this? I hate reposts too but what is the point? 
Wtf kind of shoes is he wearing? Looks like ski boots 
Das Boots!
Well, looking at other people wearing ski goggles and the machines in the back, I think it's a ski resort. But I can't say for sure, I'm no plumber.

That's my line...._

It's clearly at a ski resort..... but there is no snow on the ground.... weird.
Snow is probably higher up the mountain.
It could also be outside one of those indoor skiing places.
The shoes from Mario Bros. 

looks like megaman boots
I agree...  But it looks too warm for skiing...
Depending on the time of the year, it's possible that there still enough snow in the slopes, but not much at the bottom. Doesn't take much at the end of winter/beginning of spring to ditch winter clothes if it's not windy and a bit over 0 degree Celcius.
i'm pretty sure its summer time when this was taken. maybe he was doing a different type of skiing..
Spring skiing? Maybe there is more snow at the top if the hill?
Exactly. Some resorts in Tahoe are open through July 4th depending on how good the season was.
I would guess motocross boots, just because it seems too hot for skiing.
Spring skiing baby! There are two groomers in the photo, definitely at some mountain.
I dunno man. A lot of the ski slopes are used as downhill courses once the snow melts.
Defiantly ski boots.  If you look at the heel you can see where it locks into the bindings.  Their are not bindings on motocross boots. 
...
Yes, we established this already.
I would love to see him  on a motorcycle lol
Yea, for mountain biking. You're not gonna go mountain biking in ski boots :/ . I've been skiing in shorts and a tank top plenty of times before, it's not uncommon late in the season if the temperature is right.
Alright, alright. I also looked up the shoes, and they are ski boots, so you win this time. It still could have been motocross, at least give me that dammit.
I thought those were just cool glasses.
Obviously you're not a golfer.
"Hey isn't this guy suppose to be a millionaire?"
At least I'm housebroken.
The boots are the Salomon sx91 equipe.  The hot-shit slalom and mogul boot for 1988.   Commonly seen with Marker bindings on teal green Rossi 4S skis.

yup I stumbled into /funny again..its pretty much like babysitting my 8 year old nephew.
better than seeing Lyndon B's Johnson
Andy doesn't flip back the heel thing on the crocs when climbing mountain. Andy don't give a shit. 
Walk up in the club like, what up I got a big Croc.
That seems hillarious, but if you could tell the value of this bank note to non-american, that'd be great..Edit: Apparently, it's worth 20$.
My name is Andy too!! :)
It's my birthday tomorrow.. Andy?!
Canlke City!
Fuckin Andy, so typical showing up with no pants on.
It's my birthday tomorrow aswell, I bet I won't get anything this awesome....
I'm disturbed by him wearing crocs then by him not wearing pants.
ohh its my birthday tomorrow too
Seems like his dickey might get cold in the winter....
For some reason I'd hoped that the "TWE" in twenty would be used to say "Twerk It."
Giving a girl cash huh?  Hopefully she's not a romantic interest or a prospective romantic interest.
Andrew Jackson would never wear crocs. You better watch out, he may come back and beat your ass.
Hey, it's my birthday tomorrow too! Happy birthday to your friend :D
Fuck yea! July 19th birthdays unite! I'll be 28.
Look up Andrew Jackson. He is probably the most badass president in US history and was known to duel people he didn't like. Rather than fall down when shot he would continue to shoot until his opponent fell, thereby winning the duel.

Not even slightly.
I know, thats why he is scaling a mountain without pants and while wearing crocs.
Except for the whole Trail of Tears business. Not so nice there

those crocs
Indeed, sir. He rocks those crocks!
Them crocs man. They seal the deal. Happy birthday to your friend
If there was a bill with his face on it, I would not even think twice about illustrating that. No matter how awkward it would be giving it to someone as a present. "Here, have a picture with Mr. Johnson's johnson in it. Flailing around in the wind, like a majestic floppy penis."
Yeah where the chubby flubby?  Just the tip of course, and maybe some old saggy balls.
Wow, i replied to the wrong comment... whatevs, no regrets.
Wheres O'Malley! D:<
I immediately started looking for grumpy cat like he was waldo
SCRATCHY!!!!!
Where is HEATHCLIFF? He was my second favorite cartoon cat.
Looks like a typical Friday night!
WHERE'S HOBBES? :(
Where is nyan cat?
He drowning in pussy. Way to go bats
Is that Hobbes against the window?!
No catbug?
upvote for Top-Cat.
NERMAL :)
Saw Cheshire Cat, saw Felix, saw Bill. Looked for Garfield and saw him too. How the hell did Hello Kitty not make it into this comic? 
There's a pink Hello Kitty doll in the lower left, being held by a grey and black striped cat whose name/origin is on the tip of my tongue.
Thanks for that, my eyes must be worse than I thought. I better clean the crap off of my glasses. 
Hobbes is looking out the window like he's wondering how he got here and where Calvin is :(
That's not Hobbes, that's Krazy Kat.
No Heathcliff? 
 (from The Oatmeal) is unconcerned!
You don't even need to go outside the DC universe to find ..
Is Ren really a Cat?
Yup.  I always knew Stimpy was a Chihuahua , but I watched that show for years and just thought Ren was some kind of mutant.
I can't decide if you're just going along with him, or if you don't know either....Ren is a chihuahua.
Stimpy is a cat..The character in the picture is Stimpy.
And Ren is some kind of mosquito
Yay, I found Stimpy and Sylvester. Going back to hunt for more famous pussy. 
Believe they are all famous cats from TV shows and comics. Hell there is even a Josie and the Pussycats record on the table. 
I think that is the cat from Inspecter Gadget.  The one that Dr. Claw is petting all the time.  The face looks right, but the body is wrong.
I think you're right, it's M.A.D.Cat.
Tom ate Jerry D:
Lol. Pepe Le pew is at bantams heels. 
Says the man who lives in a cave. 
I spy Mooch from the Mutts comicstrip.
Horse!!!!  Haven't seen him for years!!!  (Black and white evil looking bastard, from Footrot Flats.)
Only thing that could make this better would be if Eek was there.  But awesome pic!
This is one of my new favourite images. I like this type of artwork.
Um..wheres Eek?
This is brilliant...
logged in to comment - big big upvote for krazy kat, the striped one staring . out the window, because she is in love with Ignatz the mouse!.george herriman probably one of the trippiest comic strip writers I've ever come into contact with
I like the Josie and the Pussycats album near the bottom right. That was a nice touch. 
No Bonkers? :Sadface:
DAE see Garfield?
STIMPY!!!
Ohhh Stimpy!!!
What?!  No Heathcliff?!
Its a big one to miss.
Forever an alley cat I suppose.
Original content; 
A+ for Horse from Footrot Flats making an appearance. (Black and white pissed off mutha, upper right)
Horse was my first spot! Major kudos to whoever did this for including the most famous of NZs felines!
Bucky from . too.
I'd be worried too. Anyone that thought it was a good idea to keep Mraow from Inspector Gadget is crazy.
Yes, batman is worried about the average redditor. . .
NAME ALL THE CATS!
I went through and realized I recognize pretty much all those cats.
No hobbes? This picture is dead to me.
Is that not Hobbes on the far left? 
Hobbes is a tiger is he not?
Tigers are cats are they not? 
Looking out of the window, but in B&W?
Exactly, it has that stuffed kinda look to it 
Doesn't look like him. 
Obviously the artist didn't want to disrespect Hobbes by calling him a cat.
Your . based on your comment history.  
Can you do me?
Your . based on your comment history.  
Fuck shit oh reddit
What about me?
Your . based on your comment history.  
There should be a subreddit for this.
i would also appreciate you doing me...
Your . based on your comment history.  
How's about me?
Your . based on your comment history.  
Thank you.
Where's fritz the cat? 
+10 for Nermal and his shipping box to Abu Dahbi
Damn, I missed Nermal! I had a stuffed Nermal and a stuffed Odie when I was a kid. 
who can name them all!
How did he not know..IT'S IN HER NAME!
I spotted Bucky Katt in the background
Max Karma awarded!
I'm impressed, there's Snowball II AND Snowball V...
I see Top Cat.
What cartoon is yellow cat in the bottom left corner is from?
Top Cat
Is that white cat to the left of Batman floating in the air?
I like that Tom is sleeping happily after tearing up a Jerry toy.
I.. don't think that's a... ....
If that's not a toy, my childhood dream has finally come true.

Bill the cat! My late grandfather had a Bill the cat stuffed toy, and as a kid that was my favorite part of going to his house. He used to shake it in front of me, and I'd laugh hysterically. On his will, he left me everything Bill the cat related that he owned. 
Edit: awesome username. 
Ack.
Thbbft.
Starting from the left....Cat tower:. - title character of comic strip. - The Smurfs (?). - Bloom County comic strip. - title character of cartoon. - Inspector Gadget cartoon (?).On couch:. - The Simpsons. - Hanna-Barbera cartoon, 1960's. - Kid vs. Kat cartoon. - The Ren and Stimpy Show. - Looney Tunes. - Shrek version. - Mutts comic strip. - Supergirl comic (?). - Looney Tunes OR . - Disney's Pinocchio  .Background:. - The Simpsons. - Get Fuzzy comic strip. - Alice In Wonderland, Disney version  .In front of couch:. - Tom and Jerry cartoon. - Internet cartoon. - Garfield comic strip. - Looney Tunes, Pepe le Pew sexual harassment victim. - title character of comic strip. - The Aristocats. - The Aristocats. - Footrot Flats comic strip
The cat at the bottom of the cat tower is M.A.D Cat from Inspector Gadget.
I'm pretty sure that the cat nuzzling Catwoman is . from Disney's Pinocchio!
Cat cuddling Catwoman is cleopatra from the Warner Bros cartoon, where she uses the dog as a bed. **CORRECTION!  It's Figaro from Pinocchio..The cat with the cuddly doll is from Inspector Gadget, and the doll is Hello Kitty!.And the grey one with the space gun is . 
You, Sir, are a scholar and a gentleman.
I think the one nuzzling Catwoman might be Figaro.
Multiple people have said that, but the stripes are all wrong: 
Simon's Cat!!
the best cat ever! :D
ever
Was the first thing I saw too.  For those unfamiliar 

Well, I can see Garfield, Tom (and bits of Jerry), Simon's Cat and I think a character from The Aristocrats. I wonder who the rest of the cats are..Edit: never mind, there is a comment listing them all
I see Simpsons cat. Snowball? Or Snowball 2? I forget.
evar.
Seems legit.
Yeah, but what's in the magic that makes it work?

ANTIMAGE
Black magic.
I admit, it took me a minute to realize what was going on.
!
Hello, fellow Burd!
Reminds me of this trick:
TIL 3 months before reposting to get to front page
I thought of this in a religious metaphorical context and it made me laugh out loud. 
That is magic , very entertaining.
I'm surprised that Neil deGrasse Tyson couldn't figure out the trick, he's usually pretty smart.
The trick is better with a coin. I used to do that to my nieces & nephews all the time.
This is pretty fun!
You know.
Simple, yet effective. Can't wait to try this on my nephew. 
It's a mind explosion! 
meanwhile, the guy behind him is stealing his wallet....it's like a metaphor for politics
dibs on the next repost
Haha that's awesome! It to try that one
This actually explains exactly how "magic" works.
I still want to know how they get coins inside your ears.
Smooth as sand paper
I never get why people want to know how magic tricks are done...this is always the type of answer they will get.
That's not just any magic,  it's black magic! 
It's a kind of magic!

ITT: Bo Burnham vine gifs
the blue thing looked like a prison uniform for me, so after a quick "haha" my first reaction was "someone is gonna get stabbed" :/
As Nancy Grace recently reminded Reddit, 
.... and that's how I got raped in prison, son.
Are those guys in prison??
That awesome moment when you know the TCN's. They love to play tricks on each other. Really like full grown 5 year olds.
This reminds me of the wooden spoon prank. 
That's amazing, where are we?
So magic = trolling.Got it
Anyone else having trouble seeing this image?
this is as good as with the wooden spoon, 
Alien blue does NOT like this gif.
legit, this guy should sell this magic trick at ellusionist.com haha
I do a similar trick. The customer  picks a card, then I begin a long winded misdirection story, where I flip the card behind my back and somebody inevitably picks it up. My assistant then detains them by talking to them. When I try to pick the card, I get the wrong one 2 or 3 times, and then give him the money I bet him that I could find their card... Then I say wait and tell them to close their eyes and spin to pick a stranger. I stop them at the person who picked the card and miraculously pick them out of the crowd, and they have their card. Magic as fuck right there, at 5 bucks a go.
Took me way too long to realize this wasn't being played forwards and then backwards.
I wish it was prison instead of construction. I would feel better knowing that inmates are learning valuable skills they can use when they get out to steal better. Tireless work ethic..I don't know how construction workers are going to parlay bad magic tricks into better cat calls. 
It's.... It's gone!...
I am not surprised it is this easy to fool a black person. 
Bippity boppity boo-yah.
All of these comments gave me cancer.
haha
This is from Malaysia :D

Got a source?
link?
That dude looks like a fat Russell Wilson
Lol! 
I love magic.
I bet he could fool Penn and Teller.
Ooohoo, never belive it's not so !
I always read "It's magic!" in Doug Hennings voice
[deleted]
black magic
This is a hate crime.
I bet it wouldn't happen if he was bald his skin would feel the air haha
This trick is still more complicated than any trick that turns water into wine.
It's black magic!
if ur black
ur gonna have a bad time
.
lol
Black magic.
It's a repost! Newly resized and added watermark!
Dumpert!
It's a repost!
Aaaaaaaand the end of Reddit; after years of Geenstijl.nl lending from Reddit's front page, reddit's underage Dutch army finally set foot and takes reddit down from within. Hoera! 
That's legit amazing.
It's a repost!
5 months ago, it's fine.
I didn't know, show me?

Found the image today, can't blame me...
even then, check karma decay before posting something. it tells you if you're reposting or not. 
I was just showing you karmadecay, I could care less about a 5 month old repost. 
Thanks, will keep in mind next time...Didn't know about that :C
It's a good tool.
Any reason it's in hyper speed?

Is that Kia the Hitchhiker sittin' in the background????
Kai isn't black...

David Blaine has really let himself go...
TIL: Sheldon became fat black dumb guy.
well the black guy is Aries Spears so i'm guessing this is a sketch.
[deleted]

That shit is some black magic.
Card tricks are fun, huh huh.  Erm, we are Pakled!
You knooooooooow. 
Dumb fucking nigger!
woh, hey now. take it easy, bud
It may look like a lame trick, but Penn & Teller do something extremely similar in their Las Vegas show. They invite an audience member on stage, ask her to close her eyes, and then (from her perspective) pass a metal ring through her arms and body. However, the rest of the audience can clearly see exactly how it's done, though misdirection and intentionally confusing her perception. Nonetheless, it makes you think about their magic in a new way, when you realize that all of their illusions work on the same principles: the magic doesn't come from the "one simple trick" that makes it work, it comes from how they confuse and bewilder you to not recognize the trick.
link?
Lol, this is great because normally it's the other way around. The volunteer on stage understands what's going on while the audience is oblivious.
I don't have one, I saw the show live. Great show, I'd highly recommend it if you're in Vegas.
Don't mess with Tracy Jordan like that. Not cool. 
Sneaky asians
Is it racist that I thought this was in a prison yard?
I think this gif works better reversed.
Is it suppose to play incredibly fast?
is it racist to find this funny?  what would sharpton say?  honestly cant tell.  .are they prisoners?  is the magician diverse enough?  what suit is the race card he's playing with?  .so many questions.  
Misdirection and assistants!
Three thousand people didn't see this on YouTube a few months ago? 

This gif would also work if it was reversed.
Nothing quite like prison magic
ITT: Recent Bo Burnham (.) vines.
Sleight of hand.
Now let's see him try it on another guy
That's brown magic.
Wooohooo!.Are you also a bird/burd-crazy person? :U
Ah yes, a palindromic gif.

It's especially irritating when you stand in a crowd watching the magician and he points at you indicating that he wants to use you for his next trick...

This is what I was looking for!
Congrats, you found it! 
No worries, it wasn't OC on Geenstijl either. 
The frontpage has been one massive re-post* for as long as I can remember so there's nothing new here. .When Rutger Castricum starts appearing on the frontpage, . is when we need to get worried..*(Well, at least all gifs and such)
Guys, if you look closely you can see someone is handing him the card over the guys head.
Who are you? Dr. Watson? 
hmm i remember last time this got to the front page 
Leuk dat je je daarom zorgen maakt....Volgens mij zijn er belangrijkere dingen in 't leven.
I fee like an idiot, but I can't figure out what's happening here.
You would be the perfect person to pull this trick on.

I've looked for the source video for this gif before, but I can never find it.  Wouldn't happen to have it would you?
I couldn't find a Youtube version, but ., I think.
haha im so going to try this on my girl 
Damn.  Lots of hate 0.0
You're one ton short of a big truck, aren't you?
.
That's badass dude. Come back and tell us all how it went with your girl!!
Man, I can't wait until we get to hear about what happened.
I hope he tells us about her boobs!!
It led to sex obviously.
stumpert.
Dumpert!
Betekent dat roze niet GeenStijl?
Dussss.. Karmatrein? .Jongens? 
Geen punt bij Karwei.

Niet vandaag.
Vertraagd. Spoor 7, vertrekt over 10 minuutjes. 
Man on left tricks man on right thinking that he vanished the card with a magic trick while in reality someone else grabs the card without the man on the right seeing that.
I kept wondering why the card wasn't in his hair. Thanks for the help!
Everyone look! He has a girl! 
Whoa, what's he doing with her?  

You . to me!
It's funny cause its "ways to pass time in prison",.But people think you meant "way stop ass time in prison".
 stop ass time in prison?.Why stop ass time in prison?
Should be 'why' instead of 'way'."why to stop ass time in prison"
This needs to be a thing.
I provided . for you.

Brilliant! You'd think he'd ask to be smacked on the hand or something the third time. To learn the technique. 
He just .!

And it's not even a gif. 

For .!
Did you say .?
You have a <strong> voice!

What happens is when you are little, and you lose a tooth, you put it under your pillow and the tooth fairy gives you a coin or two. Unfortunately sometimes after she delivers, you roll over onto said coins, and they get lodged in your ears..Eventually after some bureaucratic nonsense (it may take a while) they send a magician your way to remove the coin for you.
You'd do well on . 
Oh! There is a real thing like that! What fun! :-) thanks...
I was at a bar with my cousin one, he asked me to play along in a trick. He was going to place 3 coins on a table, turn his back and tell someone to touch a coin. He would turn back around and hover his hand over each coin, when he got to the coin that got touched, I took a drink. It was the simplest idea ever and I was sure it would never work. Sure enough it worked perfectly, people tried to be clever and touch more than one or not touch any and through what I did he was still able to tell what was or wasn't touched. Ended up doing it for money and making 10 bucks from people who were sure they could foil the trick..I just find it funny, but most people just don't seem to concentrate on there being more than one person in on a trick, they seem to focus their attention 100% on the magician, his hands/eyes etc, and what he's doing that when you get someone else in on it then you can get away with murder.
Pretty much lots of magic tricks. That volunteer isn't a volunteer. :P
Wow, that escalated quickly.
yea but they're not expecting to be misled like that.  
simple tricks are the easiest to pull off..So true about the people's focus on the magician. I went to Penn & Teller show once and they did this illusion where they picked 2 audience members, had them draw on 2 bullets (casing and projectile) then Penn and teller took 2 guns and shot each other through a pane of glass.  They each caught the bullet in their teeth and confirmed it was the drawing from the other person's gun.  I was blown away and couldnt think how they pulled it off.  Then I grew up and realized years later that the audience memebers were in on it.  Magicians always recruit people before the shows to help.
That took a turn at the end.
Unless you're trying to fool Columbo.  He'll get you in the end.
Tons of illusions are like this. If somebody filmed backstage at a world class Las Vegas magic show, you'd feel like an idiot for not seeing how everything was done. They seem pretty obvious once the trick is revealed.
The more you think you know... the less you see!
You need to go full on stooge, and lose money yourself to him. 
Very well put. Some of the ways they decided that he did the trick were insane, watching off 2 reflective surfaces, vibrations in the table, just cause maybe his eyes darted to something one time doing it. 
i was a part of this same style trick in like 4th grade... the teacher pulled me aside to  be the assistant.   he told hte class he could figure out what card was picked just by the smell...someone would pick one of the 3, then as he smelled each i was to cough when got to the right one.  worked at least 2 or 3 times in a row , no one caught on.    it was a glorious day.
Here's a really good bar trick that doesn't require a confederate, it's great if you happen to smoke and love to make people uncomfortable..Fish a chunk of ice out of your drink and hold it against one of your fingertips until the finger gets painful and then goes numb. Do this without anyone watching..One the fingertip is sufficiently cooled, light up a cigarette wherever feasible. Start up a conversation with someone nearby and casually put the cigarette out on your finger. You won't feel a thing and the finger will be cold enough to not be burned by the cigarette. Casually flick the butt into an ashtray. Pull your penis out, waggle it a little, and walk away.
And if you want to look like you're really fucking cool, put the ice on your penis and casually put the cigarette out on it, too.
Use a pipe in that scenario.
Now you're looking for the secret. But you won't find it because of course, you're not really looking. You don't really want to work it out. You want to be fooled.
They also work for the same reason conspiracies work. People don't imagine that a certain level of preparation will have been undertaken. For example one trick involves a vacuum tube that sucks an object from one side of the stage to another. That is a level of preparation people are unwilling to imagine. In the same way people are unable to see how the last 30 years have largely been about the transfer of wealth to the top 1% but people are unable to take in the sheer effort and audacity involved to achieve this. Their minds are incapable of thinking about that level of wealth and that level of time. So they chew over abortion* and gay marriage*  and marijuana*  laws all set as distractions to what's really going on. 
.*These things are important - but they are not important to power what is important to power and wealth is that they find endless ways to spin these distractions just as a magician does so that you don't see you're being robbed blind.
Huh I literally just finished watching that. 
As both a Prestige fan and a /Filmcast fan, I couldn't help but hear this in Michael Caine's voice..Tangerine.
Whose cocaine?
"ways top ass-time in prison".Doesn't even make any sense.
Took me forever to figure out that it's not subreddits ash ash tags, but "subreddits as hash tags"
That's because it's "way stop ass time-prison"
"way stop ass-time in prison".But makes more sense than that.
Oh yes it does.
Maybe Way is some guy's name and someone wants Way to put an end to ass-time in prison.
I know right? Nothing tops ass-time in prison.

You're back! Yay!.I am . amused by the balls of disapproval. 
Why have I never seen this account before...?
This is the perfect magic trick for uncles everywhere
It's not a trick, steinman17. It's an illusion. Tricks are what a whore does for money.
or candy!
Until they start touching your balls. And whisper to  you, "don't worry,shhhh it's just a magic trick too". 
WOAH WOAH WOAH.... Wayyyy to far..... theres has to be some from of progression....

Is your last name Sandusky?
[deleted]
Not really funny. Sandusky didn't touch any of his nephews or nieces, as far as we know.
Holy shit. I was just thinking "must do this to my nephew on Saturday"..Your mind reading magic trick is pretty fucking good too.
Had to double check the parent comment, make sure there wasn't any molesting going on. 
Holy shit. I was just thinking "must do this to my nephew on Saturday".
Huh, I was just imagining myself doing it to my uncle. 
Make sure to lube up. 

That's racist.
This is great. Know what this is from?
Bo Burnham
It's Bo Burnham's vine.
There's a new(ish) social media site called Vine where people can upload 6 second videos. It's like gifs with sounds. This is from Bo Burnham's Vine.
Bo Burnham on vine
The first guy is Bo Burnham, a comedian/singer/songwriter/sexydude so I'd guess its from one of his dvds or performances. You can probably find it on youtube. 
Reddit front page a few days ago.
Burn Bonham
sexydude? he looks wicked homely bro


Bo Burnham had it on one of his Vine videos I believe
And the black dude's from New Girl!
Is the other guy from New Girl?
Yep. 
Sho is.  Winston is the best character on that show.
Debatable.... nick is pretty great too.
Yeah, he has his own vine account too.
yup, nothing else to it.
Winston
He played the race card on that one. 
I hope I see this gif and comment combination in a cardtrick related submission tomorrow as well! It will literally never get old.
Top comment from this GIF being on the front page a few days ago. I'm impressed by your originality.
Oh look, it's the top comment from when this was on the front page a few days ago.
This is a dark day for puns.
Some serious black magic is going on.
That one was a diamond.  Showed a lot of heart.  Welcome to the club.  We have puns here in spades.  
Look at this joker.
Why don't we just shuffle this up a bit?

You'd think by the 50th time he would have figured it out.
Get ready for the 
The 100th time, the card bursts into flames while above his head.
Crap, I lost count! Now I have to start over. One...  
same fucking joke.  Every fucking gif post.  Someone has to make this lame ass joke to show how unoriginal they are.
And every single time it gets upvoted, too. Because it's "what the community wants" I suppose. Just like the audience of TLC apparently really wants Honey Boo Boo..It won't stop until the hivemind turns against it and it becomes a Forbidden Meme. I keep hoping that today will be the day, but every new gif thread brings a heaping helping of fresh disappointment. All you can do is keep posting disparaging comments and hope that you'll eventually be the lightning rod of discontent that finally summons the storm.
lol cuz its a gif and it loops
Can't get anything passed you Captain.

Right?! I've counted over a hundred times so far.  This guy's really dumb!
let's just keep watching.  He's got to catch on at some point, the idiot.
It's actually the worlds longest gif, in the Guinness world records. They do the trick 6,453 times before he figures it out. Keep watching. Where's that reverse gif bot? If he reversed it, you'd see the ending first 
Seriously, and he keeps checking his hair still expecting it to be there. 
somebody put a pot of coffee on.this idiot will figure it out eventually
I'll get the popcorn.
How would putting a pot of coffee and some popcorn on his head help him figure out the trick?
Ahh, the ol popcorn-and-coffee-pot-on-head-arooo.
You see... it's cause we're gonna be here a while and it's fun to watch... therefore coffee and popcorn. It's hard to notice the minute details of jokes I know but you just gotta try.
Dammit! Nobody ever gets my joke.
Don't worry, I got it.
You see... .'s joke is that he is sarcastically pretending that he doesn't understand the previous jokes made by . and .... clever ruse my friend
_

Looks shopped.
It's from a vine, where you actually have to film it with your phone's camera in-app.
How do you never run out of gifs
He's used this gif before multiple times. 
  
He probably has the internet
I know but EVERY thread he has a perfect gif
And for my next trick... I'm going to STEAL THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE.
Sounds like a good movie idea.
 
How can you tell?
the pixels
the double lift is so bad
It's one of the foundational sleights of hand for card tricks...
Indeed. I have zero training or experience with magic, and even I could see how it was done.
can we just append this comment to the gif.
The guy could have at least done an erdnase.
It's probably because he's wearing a mask.
Everybody else is trash.
No, I want to see the same reply every time this gif is posted.

Dude you're trash.
And for those of you who didn't know, the LoL gamer "Doublelift" did get his name from this card trick. 
God damnit I always thought it was a weightlifting thing. 
Ohhh where did Dan Dinh get his name!?
LoL = League of Legends
*Lucifer our Lord
His name is Daniel Dinh. Brother of Andy 'Reginald' Dinh.
You mean ReginaId, right?
Ah yes I forgot, didn't he change it at one point though? I mean, it's still pronounced ReginaLd.
I have no idea if or when it was changed. I really don't follow LCS much.
Son of Arathorn Dinh.
I have you at [+62] haha
Hmm, you're at [+30] ....OH GOD. You're my arch nemesis. You got the 56k!
I know :( I took a leave of absence ever since the ordeal

Not sure if construction workers or prisoners 
HAHAHA I was saying the same thing! It looks like a place that I wouldn't want to be. 
Not sure if Antoine Dodson.....
It's the Asian Jack Black.
Easily the most terribly drawn comic I've ever seen.
That's the idea :)

source video: 
I love the gracefulness of his hand as he slid it down from his forehead. 
just because of the clothes though right?
Looks like third country nationals working in UAE
Im touched!... Now I'm up in these days!
[deleted]
...or prisoners.
Are you color-blind?
Pretty sure they're both Asian... Guy on the left is east Asian, on the right is southern Asian.
The video title says, "Filipino show his talent to an indian guy".(Thanks to . for the link).
So... MIT?
Construction workers or oil workers actually. Most likely Singapore or malaysia :)
[deleted]
Just about to say Tamil and Filipino. 
more mallu than tamil.
Yeah I thought singapore too.
But then where are all the Oreo's?
God dammit Singapore is invading our front page!!!
It's happening...

He will be kicked out of the Alliance of Magicians for revealing the illusion.
He's made a huge mistake.

Magicians hate him!
Tricks are something hookers do for cocaine! Er... I mean... Candy.
We demand to be taken seriously. 
He will be kicked out for black magic... Sorry :(
They allow blacks in the AoM now?

I'm gonna have to believe the alliance is gonna frown on this.
do you really think it makes you clever or funny to steal and use a joke that's made in every magic-related submission? kill yourself, faggot.
lOl arrested development joke
                     Suchh funny.
wow.
He'll be black balled for sure. 
haha i only came to view the comments to see that reference :P 
Serious question:  How does one get started in stage magic?  Any illusions/tricks you can pick up from books/online are really old-hat, stuff everyone's seen a hundred times or more.  To learn anything "good", you have to be part of one of these super-secret groups, but to join them you have to be established, but you can't learn anything good and get established without the groups.
Creating your own illusions and tricks.
But that's ....
the only illusion is that the audience is smart.  A dumb audience is a magicians best friend.  Thats why in this instance the magician chose a nigger. ROFL



Yeah, they started in '04, but the AoM has been goin downhill since
WIZARDS ONLY
FOOLS
RUN YOU
FLY!
Can't just go revealing your . to the ..
Im queer!... Now I'm over here! 
Was unmoved a slow-mo boob nail ...
So you're saying this is an opportunity to reference Arrested Developement.
There's always karma in the Banana Stand.
I think this was the first thread that I had come across where the AD references hadn't been beaten to death. So, I grabbed a stick and did my reddit duty.
Yes... there's always reference opporotunities in the banana stand


No one ever magically feels up my tits.  :(
David Coppafeel...
Thats very unrelevant to what repeatwad just said, you're just piggybacking off the top comment
exactly what I wanted to happen, happened. That's the real magic.
What an awesome trick!  I'm going to try this at the bar tonight with a perfect stranger.  I anticipate it will turn out well... what do you think?
The real magic about that is the bra... look how much bra it is.
last time i tried that i forgot to include the magic part... It could've ended better.
Where can I go to learn this trick?
This shall be my party trick thus forth. 
source?
Prison
I think that comes after performing the trick
So we're still laughing at sexual assault?
Yes. .To be fair with context you would actually laughing at the owner of the hand being so slimey. 

They're brother and sister, so it's fine.
yep..deal with it

The opening 5 seconds are out of a cheap porn flick.
Would you, perchance, happen to have a link for the opening of a classy porn flick?

Are you familiar with a, "Rhetorical Question?" Also, x-art, is neither x or art. It's overexposed video with cheesy music in the back ground. 
[404] Results not found
yes.
God. You're everywhere, hurting my feelings with your mean username.
I'm sorry. Here's a 
Hehe. Alright you're forgiven, you know how to get right to my heart. .This one's for you: 
of course.
[deleted]
What is that? I've seen that around a lot. Source?
dude! that's a perfect loop
Check the trees..Sorry.
das trippy
The background actually sweeps behind him to transition back to the beginning. But yeah, it was really well made.

I know this is Reddit-ancient and the gif is essentially perfect... I'd held out on watching the link b/c I pretty much got the gist from the gif; .If you haven't watched it and have 5 mins; check it out. PSYCH..(Except really, it's hilarious). 
Damn, thats even better than the gif
I am not a rapper
I'LL MAKE YOUR RHYMES DISAPPEAR MOTHAFUCKA THAT IS THE MAGIC TRICK!.
I'M KNOWN AS WORST_RAPPER DESPITE THAT I'M ALWAYS MACKIN' SHIT!  .MY FLOW IS DAVID BLAINE I DO SOME STREET TRICKS AND MAGIC!.
YOU TRY TO BE A CRISS-ANGEL BUT DAMN IS IT TRAGIC!  .SO TAKE A SEAT ON YOUR WAND MAYBE EVEN A SQUATTING!.
I'M ON SOME VEGAS SHIT, NOW CHECK ME CAUSE THEY ALL BE APPLAUDING!  
I'm going to make an account that puts these to music. 
I BATTLE ANY SEX OR RACE/ YOU BEATING ME IS LIKE BILLY CRYSTAL PLAYIN SCARFACE/ I CAN'T SEE IT, I'M BLIND TO THE EYES/ I CAME UP IN YOUR FACE - OOPS, POW SURPRISE!!! OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!
YOU SAY YOU BATTLE ANY RACE OR SEX?  .I HOPE YOU UNDERSTAND YOU'RE IN THE RING TO FACE THE BEST!  .YOU MAKE A SHITTY MESS BUT MINE ARE LIKE AN ACE IN CHESS,.
WHEN MIXIN' CARDS WITH KINGS YOUR BOUND TO GET YOUR FINGERS WET,  . YOU LINGER YET,  .I FEEL ITS TIME TO TAKE A BREAK FROM (W)RAPPIN' UP ALL THESE RHYME THINGS,.
FLOW SO SYNONYMOUS HONESTLY I'M THE RHYME KING

God I love that gif.
You should make an account that's controlled by a bot that raps these.
Found a new gif?.Very nice.
maybe it's because i'm a little white girl who listens to metal, but that didn't seem half bad.
How you doin'?
Down joey.
well, and yourself?
Bit groggy this morning.
oh you know just here in class, not paying attention. you?
what class is it?
anatomy.... ;)

aye, it's 1pm here and still too early for me haha.
Ah well. Just chuggin' through the day as always.

That's not bad actually
I'm confident WORST_RAPPER_EVAR is in fact not the worst rapper ever. 
I know I suck at rapping because I can't get the metric on that verse

Was expecting a slow-mo boob grab ...

yea thats the one trick id like to learn
They're sound sitcom characters, I'm pretty sure every sitcom ever has the "stupid character" who features in them auxiliary or less depending current the see the light.
This show was a good 3 years of my teenhood. Know all episodes by heart, and knew that the link had something to do with Joeys "sleight of hand"
The show had more than three seasons...
I rarely watched it on Tv. I had all ten season on disc and watched them religiously.
Same here. This show was so ingrained in my teenage brain, I have to put on  a friends DVD to serve as background noise, to feel normal.
With this kind of affliction, I would think you would have your own DVDs.
...and this explains my son's use of Scrubs...
mom?
S-son?  You found your mother?  .We can be a family again!
Nope....On a by the way: damn, thought my reddit name would have at least been seen as masculine on first impression unlike like Lupe which now a days is almost 50/50 I get Ms thrown in..Hi, I'm Pat.
Having grown up, I'm kind of worried that Joey and Phoebe seem to be depicted as fucking retarded.
Phoebe was a bit ditzy but was anything but stupid. I actually always considered her one of the most intelligent. 
Having grown up, I see Joey and Phoebe as potheads who just like to mess around with people and act silly. Plus it explains why Joey is always hungry.
At the same time, having grown up those two have become my favorite characters in the show. Phoebe is erratic but she's not always stupid. 
Most comedies have a character like this or rotate the personality trait between characters in some.
Are you kidding? Joey is really wisdomous.
Joey was retarded, that's for sure.  Phoebe was an hippie, smoke a lot of weed and combine with her past, she develop an other mental process for reasonning. She knows what is going on.  . .Edit: words
That's what made them funny.
When being politically correct was just a fad starting out
Yeah, PC has pretty much ruined "culture" in America.


He was also Italian.
Sorry, it's AN retarded, you're right.  But your point is still moo
You mean a moot point?
Sneaky bastard...
  
I was setting you up! You were supposed to reply with Joey's explanation

I love when I'm reading a comment, and think "I should say something witty here" and then some other guy/girl/cat has already done so. Saves me so much effort. 
Man, are you for real?
Doesn't matter, like a cow's opinion
They're standard sitcom characters, I'm pretty sure every sitcom ever has the "stupid character" who features in it more or less depending on the show.
llusion, Michael. A show is dignity a whore does for ready money
Actually, Phoebe goes back and forth. Sometimes, she even seems like she might have been faking the stupid act. I'm a little sad that she and Joey never ended up together.
Maybe . will cheer you up.
oh gods xD 
These porn parodies are getting out of hand.
Phoebe the orphan who got hepatitis from pimp spit when she was a teenager living in a cardboard box? Yeah, she behaves erratically, for some reason.

oh dat Joey
[deleted]
lol
What a boring novelty account you have.
llusion, Michael. A trick is something a whore does for money
Where's this from? 
now a person, I comfort station officiate this.
She turns illusions for money!
Where'd the penis go?
Arrested Development.  Check it out and the new season on Netflix.
Or cocaine
Or candy depending on which pilot you've seen.

the pilot I saw he just stabbed Michael in the throat. 
Candy is funnier. 
Or "or candy"
Cocaine is funnier.  Here's why:.Initially, by changing his answer, he demonstrates awareness that what he said was not to be said in front of children.  However, by changing the word "money" (instead of "whore"), he shows that he is incapable of distinguishing the inappropriate part of the sentence.  To compound this error, he changes it to something even more inappropriate (cocaine), further exemplifying his obliviousness.  By using the word "candy", one could assume one of two things: 1) He actually put some thought into his newly crafted answer; or 2) His gut response is actually appropriate.  However, since neither of those things is characteristic of GOB, his use of "cocaine" is far funnier. .Sincerely,
I think someone needs to write a book in this style explaining everything about Arrested Development seasons 1-3. I would easily pay $100 for the privilege of reading it. 
David Copafeel

Thought this was a Rick Ross reference 
UGHN!
Burt wonderboner
[deleted]
how?
no it wouldn't.
There was a guy at my dad's work who uses to always steal another guys food (usually would take a jelly filled donut). One day another employee brought in ghost chili extract, and they put it in the donut. A while later they found it in the trash with one bite out of it. Don't steal other people's food.
Good for you. Don't take no shit off nobody.
The Curse of the Hungry has been spoken!
I would lose my shit if all this happened to me in one day!
Better to just have a laxative laced dummy lunch in there.
Extra strength ex-lax and keep an eye on the bathrooms to see who goes in there 5 times that afternoon.
first they are blocked from hamburgers and now teriyaki bowls. Kat, reddit will help you because it loves you(s).
This, or lace the whole thing with Ghost pepper extract.

That would probably work even better, won't be hard to spot the person when they take their first bite.
Y'know, if I wanted to see jokes from The Simpsons, I could just watch The Simpsons.
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
That wall-eyed drawing style of Homer makes me laugh every time.
rerererererepost
Can we please stop posting this every day? It was only funny the first 3 times. Now I think we're on like....582? Yeah, that sounds about right.
Well you could always start with the salesman in our luxury section...
Except for her daddy. I'm
Without seein her boobs I can't tell if this girl is like 12 or 20, so I guess I'll reserve judgment.
-.- I came here to make that joke
Whenever someone asks if I'm a "tits or ass" guy I always say I'm a face guy. You don't stare at ass and tits when sitting down to dinner. Or do you?
Depends on if she's looking at me or not. 
Gaaa- oh look! A Chris Brown joke!
Stupid engineers. Go back to school
The tower has a giant floating fiery eye and there are ghost armies that hit physical beings with their ectoplasmy goodness. Your logic is unwanted here!
It's so funny that our government blew up the world trade centers 1,2, and 7 and killed over 3 thousand Americans to go to war in the Middle East. /s
Yeah, look at all the proof not formed by crackpots
I hate your guts for questioning LOTR.
It's because the lava of mount doom runs up the tower, that's why there's a big fiery thing at the top, the ring being thrown into the lava violently culls all impurities, maybe some in the lava or the building its self is considered an impurity. :)
It exploded cause magic, obviously. 
You bring up some solid points.
My nigga :)
Thousands of Architects and Engineers are not crackpots. 
Oh, if saying "thousands of engineers" makes it credible then thousands of engineers also said there were no explosives
Those engineers you speak of are biased and have nothing to lose by choosing the status quo. 
"Sauron" was clearly an imaginary threat cleverly manufactured by Aragorn and Gandalf in a grand scheme to get Aragorn installed as King. Only by uniting people in fear and hatred against a perceived common enemy could Aragorn hope to take his very weak claim to the throne and actually claim his place as ruler of Gondor. Notice that as soon as Aragorn was crowned King, the "threat" of Sauron conveniently crumbled, never to be seen again..Wake up sheeple, Aragorn is an unelected fascist dictator who lied to you to illegally seize power.
wow, haven't seen this post 2 a month for over a year...
Has it been two weeks already? 
What does he get? Tired of boring crap? Because that's what I get.
Missing lips.
But by doing that Ron,  you let them know you do...
Passive aggressive meme. 
Ron Swanson doesnt 'get' it... he IS it
Oh shit I have to use this now.
"Thank you for sharing, Jenny."....."You're welcome, Lester."

You are a wise poster Tom Haverford. But when it comes to public media I prefer it to include things like how to harvest all the edible parts of a pig instead of how to do something every freedom loving American should already be doing.
umm. this guy somebody famous?
Can't believe I've never noticed that poster behind him.
ha, I call people by the wrong name on purpose all the time at work just to see their reaction... 
I do this too, by immediately heading down the friend scale. Bud, Mate, Boy, It, Hey, What?
I have used this tactic at least twice since this was last reposted.
i'm watching season 5 right now and his moustache is way thicker.
...do you not remember when it gets burned off
He shaved it earlier on, this is a phase of growing back in. 
Don Duckson has an overly many man poster.
Thank you for sharing, Jenny.
Holy fuck an A Handful of Dust reference!!!! OMG!
i'm not defending this post, but i will say it's the first time i noticed where the boxer images known as Overly Manly Man comes from....
nawwwwwww c'mon
How to be lonely and never make any real connections with other people? Yeah, he's got that one down.
Anyone else notice overly manly man in the background
Overly manly man in the background pic?
...gets what?.Explain what you mean by he 'gets it'.
Nice Job, Egg.
I like the picture in the background to the right
Gets what? Being anti-social? How reddit of him.

he has a poster of overly manly man on the back wall
Looks like a fat Gary Sinise
He gets what? How to be an asshole?
Or just get it wrong in the first place and prevent them from getting chummy
Am I the only one sick of fucking Ron Swanson? I don't think anything posted about him funny and yet Reddit loves him. I don't get it.
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
Aw damn, I knew I had just seen this a year ago.
You and me both. We should start our own Reddit! With Blackjack and hookers.
Says the guy making a reference to a dead meme based on a 1999 episode of Futurama. Really guys?
Face it, people like what they like. The people like Ron Swanson, they shall post Ron Swanson. If you don't like it that much get RES and you can filter out Ron Swanson posts.
I like Ron Swanson! And I like the Futurama posts too. Just responding to the hate on P & R.
Is that overly manly man in the background?
A repost a day keeps the OC away
Wanna see more OC? Get your ass to /new, see how long you last.
No, that's him right in the middle
"Thank you" -Ron Swanson "You're welcome, Lester" - April Ludgate. just watched this episode
He seriously looks like he's going to cry when she says that.
Good one, bunnypunch.
Ahaha,  I lol'd so hard Elaine
Touche Mr. Blobby!
touch me bobby?
It stopped being funny, FortKnex.try me
Wow, what a great and original post! I've never seen this before, great work OP! 
60 percent of the time, OP gets upvotes for reposts every time.
That doesn't make any sense
Who gives a single fuck what you've seen? .Has it occurred to you that there might be others out there that haven't, you self-centered pretentious piece of shit?.God damn it I hate this fucking website lately.
wow nice repost, I saw this angry comment the other day.
Nice comment repost. I have seen all words in your comment before, but in a different order and not all in the same post. 
Maybe, if you make some more whiny bullshit posts, everybody will stop reposting.
Eat shit and die faggot.
Is some one having a bad day ? No need to be rude. You could have said that in a much nicer fashion 
Call your dad, he misses you. 
thereisnoneedtobeupset_lawnmower.gif



I only discovered shibe a short time ago and it's already becoming overused :(
If you consider yourself an average redditor, then about 50% of reddit already knew about it when you discovered it.
Wow, how insightful!
assuming the knowledge of it is normally distributed..In actual fact it's probably more like a product adoption curve. Where the average redditor stands to have 17% to 85% of the population know it before them (Assuming they're an early or late majority adopter)
A product adoption curve IS normally distributed! And the "average" redditor is neither an early adopter nor a late adopter -- they are in the center.
Also true: 98% of Redditors don't care because of the critical absence of puppies and kittens.
fucking cancer
Wow, what a great and original comment! I've never seen this before, great work MarcvsAgrippa!

Smartass
By Calvin Klein
Wow.
Hi Karl fancy seeing you here
best. dog. ever.
Damn that dog has much better balance than most people.
Former Domino's driver here. .One time, someone asked me to "draw a giraffe turtle on the box."  Since there were three pizzas, I did three different interpretations of a giraffe turtle. I thought they were pretty fucking good drawings. .Then I got to the door, excitedly showed the customer and he said, "k" and didn't tip me. I was stunned. 
Oh sweet, . fake post again!
 
Oh no, a logo of TWO companies on reddit! 
wow that blows....here have a worthless internet karma tip
Former Domino's employee myself, people can be dickbags. One time, I was working counter and we were SWAMPED. Our receipt printer stopped working, and this one guy demanded his receipt. And I mean . When I told him the printer was broken, he tells me "Stop making excuses, and get my GOD DAMN RECEIPT." Manager came, he already had his food so he basically told the guy to pound salt. .TL;DR The man was an ass
Food service is the worst. Customers are complete shit bags and are utterly devoid of reason. When I worked at subway in high school a woman came in claiming she found a feather in her chicken sandwich (apparently she thinks we butcher chickens on site). She showed me the wrapper from her sandwich from the day before which held a huge purple feather. A feather she had clearly pulled out of the purple boa she was wearing around her neck. I wanted to send her packing, but the owner of the store was there, so the owner gave her a refund. No happy ending. 
I hate managers like that. I'd show her a picture of a chicken, and ask if she sees any purple on the fucking bird. They reward people that are either A. only smart enough to breath, or B. trying to get free shit.
Or C. all of the above. 
I hope you tipped that dude like 50%.
This isn't yours....
And yet they won't draw me a dinosaur when I ask them too
this is completely wrong for me..but i don't think merfolk have normal human periods, so that might be why.
What was the first gif from?
what is that second gif from?
Women amirite guys!
You guys have crazy girlfriends.
This is the end.
I basically embody the 'I'm not fucking around' and the 'food is the best part of my day' gifs all the time, no matter what. However, you can tell whether I'm on my period by the way I hold my knitting needles..Normally, they are just nearby/in my hands, and while I am willing to stab a guy with them if I need to, I will not happily do so..I will gleefully stab a guy with my knitting needles when I'm on my period, and cling to them almost 24/7 in the hopes of using them..Note: I use the term 'stabbing' loosely. And by 'loosely' I mean incorrectly. What I mean by 'stabbing' is 'threatening to use them with an incredible amount of disturbingly descriptive words'.
Jesus fucking christ.
So what you're saying is go ghost for two days !
Welcome to the fold, Grasshopper. 
My problem was, I thought she was on a 30 day cycle, when she was really on a 28. Fu@ked up my entire Google calendar reminders.
Yeah, it turns out that uteri don't know from the Gregorian calendar.
Have her get an IUD. Hardly any period, horny all the time, and no condom needed.
Different birth controls affect women differently you know....
Doesn't matter if I am on my period or not, I am always tempted to stab people with knitting needles when I have them.  They're just so good for stabbing!
That sounds great. I should find a girlfriend and have her try this out.
wow! no girl, exactly like that, has yet commented to say that "this doesn't happen" to them.
Well, I dunno about the exact timing but, yeah.  Pretty much.  Though they are missing out on the chocolate cravings.
Are you available for childbearing activities?
Or you could just have sex through out the whole period? As a guy why say no if your gf wants to?
Actually, it helps with cramps to have sex at the start of the period! It makes it shorter, too, I think. I dunno, it could be the placebo affect. Or my boyfriend lied to me, like that one about blowjobs make his penis bigger.
I can confirm the cramps lessening thing.  I don't think it is a placebo effect since we tried it on a whim and that was the effect.
He's telling the truth, but the effect only lasts for a few minutes.
It's statements like that that make me want to experiment to see if you're telling the truth, BUT THAT'S WHAT YOU WANT ME TO DO.
Me and my girlfriend watched a duck rape another duck on that boardwalk.. turns out it's not uncommon. Made a good story though.
I've actually been there. It's just a museum for wooden ducks. Bored me to tears when I was 17.
Love H de G!!!
Bel Air checking in
Fallston here
Cecil County on the scene
Whoo! I love that light house. 
How bout dem O's hon?
DAE Old Bay?
Upvote for Maryland.
Actually this house belongs to Bjork. This is the way the government of Iceland thanked Bjork for putting Iceland on the world map music-wise.
So, lets start by dispensing with some misconceptions. Heres some of what the house is not:.It is not located on Icelands third largest island. . The house is not a hoax created using PhotoShop. And it is not inhabited by a secretive billionaire, nor by a religious hermit, nor by a paranoid recluse intent on surviving a coming zombie apocalypse..In fact, technically, it is not a house at all.
They have satellites...
They could still spy on you from above with satellites. 
How does one survive on an island like this?
masturbate a lot?
Fish.  Lots and lots of fish.
It's "because fuck everyone" island...
Photo Credit: NSA
How to stop the NSA from finding you ........ be someone that they are looking for.
ECHELON has you covered
Get the Knights of the Round materia?
If no one is spying on them then where did the pictures come from?
CHOCOBO SAGE GET THA KNIGHTS OF THE ROUND 
Drones.
pictures taken. argument therefore invalid.
Where is this?
Iceland I believe
Ask the NSA

Review: "The traffic was terrible and it was difficult to find a place to park."
Thanks, NSA!
To Google Maps we go!.EDIT: 
What, go puffin hunting?
It would be way easier to spy on you here than it would be in a major metropolis.
good thing they put a fence up
is this F*Ck you island ? someone was telling me about it...
Wow, I want to live there
SATELLITES, NIGGA!
Ms. Deen, we are going to ask for you to control yourself.
I can't believe you used that word....Time to block freeway traffic..
It's sure a lot nicer than "Space trash" :)
Thanks, now the NSA knows where I am.
...who do you think took that picture. 
Thanks, Ed.
She gon get Twerkmans comp
"Badonkadonk"- something you put your mug up on and ride for a while.
or they just started... 
Her twerking days . over.
only in Memphis.
It's a shame that didn't twerk out for her. 
Mm.. I see what the problem is here. Have you ever been diagnosed with asthma..?
That's a joke that really backfired on him.
It wasn't a joke, he gave her the scientific term of her condition, explained it to her, and she still couldn't get it. So he explained it in words she could understand, and now she's suing him.
Jesus Christ.
Paging Jesse Jackson and Al Sharpton... 
As a man who likes big butts and I can not lie.....This is gross :(
She can do it, she just needs to put her back into it.

I kept expecting this .gif to do something. Did I not wait long enough? .Oh wait; .jpg 
Collector's tin huh? 
Does anyone else remember the snowden tv special thingy featuring this snowman?
Did anyone else read that as panty as left disappointed?
He was clearly snowden.
Open it!  I gots to know what's in the box!
well, obviously, he did go to Iceland
Whistleblowing has never been so chocolatey rich and delicious!
I used to be obsessed with Snowden when I was younger....I had a weird thing for snowmen.
Looks like he made it to Iceland.
I totally missed that r too.
So he's asking for asylum in your pantry, then? 
I'd sure love to cover him in boiling hot water.
I know someone who used to hide cocaine in a tin with Snowden on it. Snow. Get it?.Yeah I don't talk to that person anymore.
"I WAS THE TURKEY ALL ALONG!!!!"
God damn and you decided to expose him on a international news website like Reddit? You might as well be working for Obama.
No, but I like the idea that the made-for-TV documentary is going to feature this snowman as Edward Snowden.
Someone tell Yossarian, for we have found the snowdens of yesteryear
my first thought too. 
Where are the snowdens of yesteryear?!
Quick, give him asylum!

I don't think this OP is a faggot but that gif has some potential
read that as panty.

Lol. I chuckled a little bit when I saw that.
Holy shit, you're the guy that did this 
the WHOLE time 
Are you trying to say hes like Anne Frank and America is the nazis?
OBAMA IS HITLER WE FINALLY GOT THIAT MUSLIM GET READY FOR IMPEACHMENT

Doin' the lord's biddin', mah son.
He must have been "Snowd-in"
You expect us to believe that you had no knowledge of him in your pantry? 

Is there a source for that?

Hell, I could make that mistake and I'm a young person. 
"Memories of Cookies"
BUY cookie dough?!.I hope you meant to say 'buy . for cookie dough'. Please.
It was for a funeral. Maybe she was too grief stricken to make cookies from scratch but doing ok enough to make cookies from pre-made dough. Wait, why bake cookies for a funeral?
I'm with you. Whose grandma doesn't make cookies from scratch?
I can't believe it's not cookies!
Yeah, why the hell would they have cookies on it?
Because it can be used for making cookies?
We need more of these on this sub. That was great!
Fellow cook here, sounds like my kitchen. But when we get slow we turn up club music and dance sexually. Gotta love kitchens! 
How would you like your upvote op? Raw, medium or well done? 
This is funny!
sadly this is a show kitchen, so we don't get music :(
lol that's awesome, no one speaks english at any of the three restraunts where i work line cook. and they are "american" companies. fuck darden. 
HAHAHA. Thank you for this.
Rob... is that you?
No sorry this is Bort.
I think this should be reposted to 
I knew a rob that was a line cook, that would say something like that. Working with him was awesome.
The original idea behind the Twix "need a moment" campaign.
Rob wasn't the name of the lead, OP's name is Rob.
And, in true reddit tradition, everyone who has RES will proceed to tag OP as Rob, and proceed to call him Rob whenever the posts in the future.
That's the most obvious joke and I don't understand why it's so high on reddit.
because as comedians learned many moons ago - self depreciating humor always works.
Medium Rare.  though I feel i did a job "well done".

And if you you don't eat that Snickers 'you're gonna meet my friend PAIN!'
BAHAHAHA line cook here too. Sounds like my kitchen. Thanks for the good laugh this morning 
I don't think I want to eat at a restaurant where a line cook is named "beef_balogna"
He's from the esteemed Balogna family. They are known to spawn master chefs. You know, cause that's his real name. 
Starts out a Snickers commercial, ends up a PSA about cleaning up spots on the floor so you don't slip and dump a huge pot of boiling grease on your face.
Grease will burn by the time it boils, just sayin'
Oh god, why? 
THERE"S BEEN AN ACCIDENT!
Rob figured it out guys, He figured out a way to stop the bitching!
But Rob was the one who was bitching 
All hail Rob!
premature hail. 
All hail rob's Coworker!
Snickers or a dick in the mouth will shut someone up.
Get out, you killed the joke
NEVER!
Than take your downvotes like a man! .You take em! you take em and you savor them. 
I do!  I could have deleted my stuff, but I am taking it like a man takes a dick up his ass during a fraternity hazing ritual.
attaboy! .You'll make some old pervert very happy one day
I already have made old perverts happy, more times than I can count.  They usually like to please rather than be pleased.  If you wanna pay to eat my snatch go for it...

That made LOL, have an upvote.

That, was a fast resposne...
I live on the reddit
Sadly
Don't we all?
Not sure,  I read about people having jobs and stuff, I imagine some jobs aren't well-suited for redditing.
I'm just impressed by your commitment to replying, regardless of the down votes. 
You just helped me realize that collecting negative karma might be just as difficult, if not more, than collecting commensurate positive karma.
(it's easy, I can do it without trying)
Apparently . can't take a joke about dick sucking.  Bunch of forever alones who will never know the sensation of a set of lips on their dicks.

I didn't realize there were downvotes, I don't give a fuck.  If I could spend comment karma at a store and buy toys and stuff I would be more worried.  But it is just a number that shows up under my stats when you click on my username.  More of a testament to how much of my life has been wasted, rather than my ability to add to a conversation.

Gotta love them babes who aren't skinny as shit, so homer, I guess.
Great repost, dumbass
This was posted just 6 days ago, in this same subreddit:
They actually all look sexy as hell.
Who whore it best...
The third chick

Homer Simpson looks like the belle of the ball...
Don't you hate pants?
 
There are dozens of us.
Homer 
I seriously don't get the whole "pockets hanging out from under shorts" thing, like the shorts aren't fully formed yet
i don't understand it either..it looks so trashy.
I don't understand it either. It's about as retarded looking as duck face.
agreed.
All wrong - Tobias Funke wore it best.
There's gotta be a better way to say that.*ninja edit: wrong quote 

There is no God!
There are dozens of us! Dozens!

Well not technically entirely accurate. Oxygen is only ever present as O2, Hydrogen is only ever present as H2. So it takes one O2 molecule, and 2 H2 molecules to make 2 molecules of water. But other than that, lol.
but the oxigen atom has to be a together with another one to before it reacts with hydrogen.
I like that this implies that almost every other molecule is a giant orgy.
"Ladies, your electrons are looking particularly excited tonight."
H2O?.H2 Ooooooooooooh yeeeeeeeeeeeeeah.
I kept reading this as "how watermelons are formed" I think it's safe to say I'm an idiot. 
I need this in shirt form. 
this is a joke you can tell your grandma 
TIL Hydrogen has a particular propensity for pairs.
That oxygen has two too many electrons.  He couldn't get with those hydrogens even if he tried
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha oh shit
Nope, Oxygen has eight electrons, it is correct. If you wanna use Bohrs model, it has 2 on the inner shell and 6 on the outer.
Bro, do you even chemistry?
Why is Oxygen Canadian?
That really makes me wet.
.
That is... disturbing.
i read that in his voice.
wtf where is this? my guess is carolina
meant to be eatin buy more than one i think.
I think you mean "by" (the preposition) and not "buy" (the verb).
I'll fix it for him..Meant to be eaten. Buy more than one, I think.
?
I know where I'm going at 2 am Sunday morning.
I love that they use "try" as their call-to-action. Because this portion size is totally appropriate if you just want a taste.
So I wasn't gonna eat lunch today, and then I saw this.
Is this real life?
Is this just fanta sea? Hell if this came with a sea of fanta I'd be down for that every day of the week.
get this for $10 4 Large fries ($8), total price $18 bucks, Feeds a Family of 4 .
"Would you like some fries with that?"
40 piece? That's like, enough for two people...
And a side of Diabetes!
Because Charlotte, NC is all of "Merica. 
As a Charlottian, It's a pretty decent example of it.  We have a lot of white yuppy types too as we have a lot of banking here. (BOA World Headquarters and all)
JESUS   YES!!!
That sounds delicious...
First i facepalmed because CLT, i knew it was Charlotte and I was thinking "Great, fucking just... great".  Secondly I realized "Wait, 40 nuggets and a Jug of tea, in Charlotte.  I should look where".
CLT area! Down in Fort Mill, here...had 2 4 pc nuggets today. 
I've been looking for the CLT area for years now. I'm beginning to think it doesn't exist.
Yeah cause McDonalds is only sold in 'merica. 
McDonalds menu is different in every country. Not all countries get the McNugget and none get them offered in quantities like this. 
In bc canada McDonald's doesn't even advertise the 20 pack meal
i cry everytim
Here, the most you can get is 6 with every meal.
I'm pretty sure you can get as many as you're willing to pay for.
I'll have a royale with cheese. And a beer, please.
That's why we are the best country in the world.
It's like, half-American half-British.Chicken McNuggets
Ice tea you...rocket scientist you.
In Charlotte we just call this "lunch"
yeah i'll have the "share" box.
A 20 McNugget share pack was recently introduced in Australia. They don't understand my love for McNuggets like 'murica does!
"Try"
we need this in fucking europe, this would totally solve all of our problems over here
I could see myself buying this early in the day and making 3 or 4 meals out of it
Tea is good for you.
As well as *eaten 

after working two years at MCD, you would have to put a gun to my head to eat these "chicken nuggets"
I can't.believe people can drink Mcdonald's sweet tea. 
Food Boner.
This is honestly one of the least "merican" things I've seen with a "merica" tag
I need dis. 
So, a family pack of nuggets and a drink product that's conducive to refrigeration = 'Murica?.TIL
Being able to buy in bulk at a McDonald's doesn't appear that normal to me.
Don't see a problem with this really. Iced tea isn't bad for you at all until you put sugar in it (advertisement shows sweet tea but you can sub unsweet). This is clearly a "family" deal and the nuggets + tea (which again, isn't bad for you in any way) will be shared between more than one person..Unless it's me. Because you better fucking believe I'll eat all of those nuggets after drenching them in BBQ sauce and Sweet & Sour. But that tea? I'll leave it unsweetened and chug the shit out of it.
Heads up, IIRC 10 nuggets contain 60% of your daily fat.
So there's no sugar already in that? That sounds a bit off for Mc D but alright...Also ,it seems like an odd combo. Nuggets and Tea.Like Coffee and Wings or Milk and Ribs
They sell both sweet tea and unsweetened tea which is just tea leaves soaked in water and then filtered. It's bitter and refreshing and I love it. That being said, in the advertisement it does call it "SWEET" tea, but I assure you they'd swap it for unsweetened if you asked.
Yes, but if you were below the Mason Dixon line the cashier would give you a hard time..Source: I tried ordering unsweetened  iced tea a few times down in the Carolinas.
That's cool.
Classic Phil!
that chick has got a mug
She looks like Baraka from Mortal Kombat II.
Who says the first line? The fact that we're looking at her when it's said makes me think she said it but that doesn't seem to work in context.
Sad it didn't last long.
Pick up level: expat
Trying to figure out what the picture in the background is.
Sharing a phone number: only 90s kids will understand... something something.

LEVEL LEVEL: LEVEL
i miss this show man
well...kind of outdated.
Little off topic, but that girl's face looks like an asshole..My work here is done.
It's obviously the guy in blue that said it.
The picture behind him, hahah. - can't edit because I'm on my phone.
Great show. T
Man what a great show..Best clip ever here, outtakes from the 'mandatory swearing' episode.
I hadn't seen these, you've made my day. .But now I'm sad because there's one less Better Off Ted clip I haven't seen.
Who knew horses had phones
Is it just me or does she look like a chimpanzee?
... Is that guy doing crunches in the poster behind him... Matt Smith? Because it looks kinda like Matt Smith...
Who the fuck still uses house phones?
"What are you doing?" in the perfect tone for that situation. Great acting right there.
I miss it
She looks like a monkey
the original "deal with it"
Better Off Ted was brilliant, it's a close tie between that show and The IT Crowd for funniest TV show in the last decade for me.
Her face looks like it was punched in and then pulled upwards.
Are you on the same Netflix schedule as me? I watched this episode last night.
He should have said "awww it nice that your gay best friend is your roommate too." After the guy said they share the same number.
This was the only episode I saw.  It was cancelled before I got back around to it.
her face looks like a monkey
The picture in the behind him, hahaha.
Anyone else notice the guy in the background staring at his armpit?
If he's the one that said it then we should be looking at him. Just because it's easy to superimpose text onto images doesn't mean you should half-ass it.
Love Better Off Ted
Well - he could've ended it with "in that case, when I call, just hand over the phone to her .. ok buddy!?"
Woah - so much burn.... 
Fine, reddit, I'll try it again... I found the first episode of this show irritating as hell, but the internet has spoken.
It gets waaaaaay better pretty fast, especially Veronica
phil and lem....  how can you not love them?
One of the best shows, so sad it didn't make it.
Level Level: Level
Level..edit: Level.
Wendy! Keith! I need changing! And some juice!!
Perfect execution.  Now he just needs to walk away tall.
Walk away... tall
Walk.... Hard.. 
This show was f'ing hilarious!!!  I often cried cause I was laughing so much.

You just got Ted-ucated!
that is one strange looking chick
Source?
Better off Ted. Great TV show, sadly cancelled. 
Who is the girl?
This is what I came here to find out. I actually think she's pretty. 
let's imdb that for you:
This joke won't work when people don't remember landlines.  Still really funny to someone who had a landline growing up though.
It can get awkward sometimes when a couple doesn't have a shared phone number and you need to get hold of one of them, or some service you both subscribed to needs to get in touch with someone. You can arrange something with a Google Voice number or whatever, but people don't often think to do that. And then you end up calling people back from a different number they called and that can mess with some people sometimes too. (They end up remembering/recording the number you called from, and no longer call the original shared number.)
I really hope to god people still remember what landlines are. I'm pretty sure most people in my neighborhood have them still. 
even growing up with a land line I read it now and immediatly though "why the fuck do they share a cellphone?"
I miss Veronica.. :(
She's not in the show anymore??! 
I killed the first 2 seasons on Netflix and find myself really missing the program; very underrated, indeed.
There's only 2 seasons, no ones in the show anymore. :( 
Well, I miss the show, and she was my favorite character.
The show itself is over. It got canceled :(
Iiii'm getting an award!
She walked away...tall.
WHAT!?
WHY!? It was intelligent, cute, not too cheesy, funny, had excellent characters and was an overall balanced show in which anyone could enjoy..Damn....
I don't know, but I think this show's cancellation disappointed me more than any other. Most people I've talked to have never heard of it, I think it just wasn't discovered by enough people. I'm sorry that you didn't know before getting attached to it :(
never even heard of it until way later when i saw it on netflix.part of the reason??
AD syndrome
If memory serves, didn't this show get hit by the writer's strike? I have this memory that it went a long time without new episodes, and then when they finally returned ABC had basically given up on the show in favor of something else. I think it's schedule got bounced around, and no promotion to speak of.
that sounds about right.
Yeah, I don't think a lot of people knew about it, despite being on one of the big networks (ABC I think?). It's satirical and kind of different than a lot of stuff on TV, I think that might have stopped some people from getting into it.
That's why you're not a writer.
no, that's terrible.
Better Off Ted.
Thanks, had to scroll a bit to find this. - And for the people like me who want to find it, it's on Amazon for free with Prime, and Netflix.
I was more disappointed by this shows cancellation than arrested development. Confession bear?! 
As much as I hate to say it, I agree. There was something so happy about this show that just made you feel better every time you watched it.
I'll see this confession bear on the front page soon, I'm sure
I promise I won't make it into a CB
Because the show was much better than Arrested Development. 
SO BRAVE
They're both great shows and it depends on the persons personal preference to determine which is "better"..Because opinions exist. TV Show Quality is not objective, don't act like it is.
You know, when someone says "X was much better" they are OBVIOUSLY saying "In my opinion, X was much better"..Adding "In my opinion" in front of every statement is like grade-school level writing. Teachers are supposed to pummel that crap out of you.
I don't think it's always that obvious.  It's quite apparent that some people truly believe that their opinions are objective fact.
agree....  two completely different shows...  but both very great.
There's got to be some way to get this show back!
I called and asked Netflix to bring it back... they added my vote..YOUR TURN... call and vote!
We should all send in sugar cubes in envelopes showing "we're sweet on Better Off Ted".
i don't think i'd like a reboot for this show..another season in succession would have been good perhaps but i'll just enjoy this show for the goodness it is..(plus rewatching it goes really quick)
No, that's okay. It was a great show but it's been off the air for a long time. Sure, it would have been nice if there had been another season or two, but I don't like this trend of everyone wanting to bring back any show that previously ended. Let's just hope for new, good shows from people who made these shows.
It didn't end, though... it was cancelled. Bringing it back could be seamless if all the actors were willing and available..I'm watching the new Arrested Development episodes (taking it one ep per week) and though I'm loving them and I'm thrilled they're back, there was an obvious ending to old ones, with the Ron Howard cameo and everything, so the restart feels a little weird. Restarting Firefly, as awesome as it would be, would have to deal with the repercussions of . BOT didn't end, so a continuation could be very easy to do...
I do hate that about people wanting to bring back Firefly. Firefly had a resolution and a bunch of characters died, it wouldn't make a ton of sense and it probably wouldn't be as good..I think for Better Off Ted it's just been too long (and I really think it was too long for Arrested Development as well). Portia de Rossi looks very different now and the daughter would be way older. I don't think we could pretend it was the same show just picking up where it left off. I really liked it, but I would rather just see a brand new show reminiscent of Better Off Ted and see the actors who were in it get good parts on new shows.
I wish this is what Kickstarter could be used for. I would actually support bringing this show back.
number?
Look at you, Netflix.
"Well, Arrested Development went well, let's do Office Arrested Development!"
call or web IM them to ask. I did, now it's your turn!
That's what the fans of Firefly said.
... and Arrested Development...
Now I'm sad
We did get a movie out of it, at least.
Let's construct a device to rewrite the space-time continuum so we can go back and un-cancel it to begin with.
Now you're thinking like Phil and Lem! Perfect!
Tried that. didn't work. .Sorry about the Columbia blowing up.
Damn it! . said we need to work on our empathy for Columbia. Ted, make sure next time I talk about Columbia you frown or something. 
I read it in her voice. Well done.
Title level: summer
better off ted supersedes any title..you are incorrect.prepare for destruction
How do you sleep at night with that god awful comment. 
i don't.i am so sad
Can I just ask... who cares about the title?.WHY does it matter?.Does OP deserve to be criticised because the words he described the post with weren't to your liking? Because they were combinations of letters that you had actually seen before?.Grow up, the title is meaningless, and you're significantly less mature than him for criticising him for it. .Also, it's quite cute that you think Reddit's different in the summer.
Half of the awful shit that gets upvoted in this subreddit is only because of the title.  The title is somewhat witty and then the picture is unexpected, but not funny on its own..Both are important.
Reddit is different during summer.
A good title can make a decent post turn into a good one, or a bad title can make a decent post into a bad one. The title OP chose is a variation of an extremely overused joke, that's why nobody thinks it's funny anymore.
reddit is absolutely worse in the summer. No question. There's a subreddit dedicated to it: . .Title is meaningless? Okay. . Doesn't look meaningless to me. There's a subreddit dedicated to these kind of posts too: .. .I'm surprised you've been here two years and aren't tired of this shit yet. reddit pretends to be a progressive, fresh content aggregator when in reality it is a worn down repository for the same jokes over and over again. Why has this happened? Because it is easy to repost, and redditors will . regurgitate if people like you enable them..Comment level: THIS
Oh, there's a subreddit? Well it must be true then. No large group of people have ever been wrong before!.No, it's seriously just conformation bias. You see this shit all year, and only comment on it in the summer. 
But the title is meaningless, it's just something that has to be chosen to upload content. It's really quite immature to insult and demean people who chose titles that you personally don't find funny.
[citation needed].The picture is what you're supposed to look at and vote on, and what people DO look at and vote on. Titles mean so, so little.
It's a police officer with a radar gun.  It's not funny unless you read the title.
In that context, it's a picture and OP is making a joke about it, as if he's a commenter..In this context, the joke is in the picture and the title means nothing. The quality of this post does . change with the title.
Good, you agree.
Yes, I agree that I was too general before about titles, that they're not always meaningless. Sometimes a backstory is needed for the photo, or it's a comment on the photo..But in this, specific context, everything funny or entertaining about the image is in the image and the title means nothing and OP doesn't deserve to be insulted for it..Lord, defending Redditors is a dangerous move on Reddit...
Sorry for jumping on and trying to hammer a point. Personally, I find it a bit annoying when the funny part is entirely in the title. It feels like they should have taken the time to caption the image or something.  That's why I decided to reply and make an issue out of it..You make a very valid point and I was only nitpicking. Sorry :)
Yeah and the content doesn't matter either, why doesnt everyone just ignore everything and upvote! What's wrong with you guys? 
...what?.The content is the important part, the title means nothing, he just HAS to pick it..Stop being so obsessed with hating other redditors and demeaning them. It's immature and pathetic.
I'm not demeaning anybody and I don't feel like I'm better than anybody else on this website, I'm just saying the title does matter. Im also saying his title sucks and is utterly generic and overused. 
Again, who cares?.Do you go "I dunno... the movie was good but the title really ruined it for me"?.It's just a series of words you have to enter to post something. As I said, it's meaningless, OP wants you to look at the content, that's all.
You're relating two entirely separate things, and I feel like trying to argue with you wouldn't get either of us anywhere anyway. 
(you're doing the same thiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiing)
Not really. I'm trying to defend a redditor against unfair insults..The guys in this thread are just insulting Redditors for the sake of it. 
I AM DEFENDING A REDDITOR!
DEFENSE LEVEL: THIS GUY
Just out of curiousity, do you think your comment is clever, or edgy?.I'm genuinely asking, here. I just want to know if you think that's a smart reply.
It was more to annoy you than anything else. You seem like an uptight asshole and it worked like a charm.
So you consider that a mature move?.When you look at all the ways you could have handled that, you think that trying to annoy someone who did nothing wrong except disagree with you is the right way to go?.Well alright, if that's the way you want to go about things. .Maybe you'll grow out of trying to anger people for entertainment in a few years, most people do.
level Level: Level .Level, Level level level? Level!
Gem level: THIS
FTFY xD
Is it just me or is her face very odd..
still hot as hell
It protrudes more towards the bottom than the top...
I've figured it out guys, it's her eyebrows and mouth..Place your finger on her eyebrows to cover it and she looks better. Maybe it's the way she makes her eyebrows do that stupid lift.
Her eyebrows and laugh lines form an X. 
Her pony tail was pulled to tight. Once she lets her hair down the face will go back to normal.
Elbows too pointy/10.Knees too sharp/10
It's honestly just her left (your right) eyebrow.
BARAKA!!
It's okay you can say it, she has a chimp face. 

YES! I went to comments just to see if I'm not the only one who finds her really unattractive. And kinda scary.
It's because she looks kinda like a Gremlin. 
Yup, there's just something off... not quite sure what it is, don't wanna look any more to find out.
Agreed.
I thought it was her hair pulled too tight but now I'm not sure. Bleh
I think it's super-cute, like a little monkey!
Tagged as 'wants to fuck a monkey'
Why, would some other animal have been more acceptable to you?
Shovel face.
That's what we call the dude from Twilight!
Is that an actual thing?

Not really.  The girl in OP's image has a weird face.  She has an incredible body and decent eyes, and all of that, but her mouth is really unattractive..Not sure why you think it's overcritical to be unattracted to certain features.
I can honestly say I have never found her really attractive. 

Oh god.

NSFW.  Thanks, scumbag-reddit.
Oopsies.
Dunno. Could be..For me it calls the imagery of someone who might have been attractive, had it not been for the shovel they took to the face.
I ask because I have been saying for years that my face looks like a shovel (low cheekbones)
Fuck dude that made me laugh.  You have a good day alright?  And if anyone gives you shit today, tell them the internet guy says fuck off.
Glad I could help!.And thanks, will do!
What a great show.  Phil and Lem were outstanding.
Unfortunately, they were 90% of what the show had going for it.  The leads were pretty uninspiring.
Science say's you're wrong.
Phil and Lem should get a spinoff show
Lem is a . as well!
.
He was also in the first episode of Always Sunny.
I've only just discovered this two days ago on an another hard drive. Is it only 2 seasons
I could just google this myself
I could just google this myself
They are great, but Portia de Rossi made the show.
Ted was basically the straight man. His job was to basically lead us around to all the crazy shit.
I probably mis-spoke.  I liked the actors who were the leads as well as their characters, but the story-lines between Ted and his daughter and between Ted and the female lead just didn't do anything for me.  Between Ted and Portia DeRossi were pretty funny.  But for me, there was nothing else about the show anywhere near as funny as Phil and Lem.  Like, orders of magnitude.
Phil and Lem were solely why I watched.
DEAL WITH IT!
Gif: 
It's a rare delight for me when I say that and someone gets it. 
d-deal with it.DEALWITHIT!
"And I wouldn't have squeezed ten cubes of cheese into a ball and eaten it like an apple, which I should not have done...but I am dealing with it..."
That racism episode may be the funniest thing I've seen on TV. And by TV I mean netflix.
I just watched it. It wasn't . funny. It seemed pretty forced, and the acting was off. Was I missing something?
yah buddy, nobody is interested in convincing you to like something you don't.  move along.
it was on TV a few years ago.
Not my point, but okay.
what is this T......V.....? 
Xbox....Collar Duty
Something your grandparents used to stare at for hours on end.
I don't know how they can sit and stare at that screen for hours and hours day after day without getting bored. I''m glad I'm not like that.
Well everyday I make my family stare at my fedora collection, so TV = Fedora?
Is it like this: . ?
Your meth is off. Fedora > TV. But you're on the right track.
Can't argue with that logic.
But they're not on the right crack.
There are 10 episodes - the season 1 finale has a shocking cliff hanger!
Depends, are they enlightened/euphoric in any way? If not, you need to make them stare harder.
God fucking damn it. Is "euphoric" a circlejerky word now? It was . FUCK THE INTERNET.
Depends? My grandparents use those as well.
Tape open the eyelids and tie them to the chair.
How could they stare at anything with chairs . tied to ther eyelids?

Very small rope.
such an underrated show
!
thought it looked corny. I have to stop judging by show names...
Best hidden gem on Netflix.
That word doesn't do you well on this website anymore.
Which one? "Best" or "on?"
le gem . GEM. GEM. GEM
Yes.
S.O.S. 
Better of Ted
Thank you
Nobody gets the Better of Ted.
So close...
What? You aren't into the "everybody talk about the show but never say the name" game? Have an upvote. 
Better off Ted
Better Off Ted
Butter Off Ted
Bugger Off Ted
Butter of Ted 
Butter Off Bred
Butter Off Bread
Jelly
Nutter off Meds
Memories of Butter
capmericaunderstoodrefernce.jpg
I Can't Believe It's Not Butter
[deleted]
I Can't Believe It's Not Ted
Memories of I can't believe it's not uranium enriched hydrogenated cow starch
Well fuck the guy above me for ruining the fun, let's keep it going guys!
Memories of Ted
Memories of Butted.
I can't believe it's not Butted.
Memories of Ted's Butt

You mentioned Kanye West, now we only have to wait for . to show up.
I've seen better but not bad
"Take a ride on the love train"-Bill Clinton
"This couch pimped my pad" Xzibit
As seen in:.Back room casting couch 8.Dry anal sluts 12-18.Pussy Hilter- leader of the threesome Reich. 
 comes to mind
He may know how to sell a couch but he does not know how to spell Four.

That was actually kind of good.
For score 
FTFY
The doctor's office I was at yesterday had a "For your safety, no sitting on the rolling stool!" sign up.  I sat on it anyway.  
I hate these stools since I fell on my ass in a cath lab as a medical student. It was in front of a consultant surgeon, who had to leave the room before his laughing fit started unfortunately we could still hear him from the corridor) :(
That applies to most things.
Awesome. Had a buddy of mine change it to MD so I can send it to my doctor sister in law. 

MD, dude...
Some of these chairs are beginning to be made such that when you sit in them, the wheels lock, and you can not move it at all. I've now encountered one at my Doctor's office, and 2 at my Eye Doctor. .The Optician and I concluded that the world is starting to hate fun. 
I think you mean spin?  There's nothing wrong with using the wheels on a chair for the purpose they were created for... moving from one work area to another while keeping your chair, so you can transfer from one job to another more quickly and easily.  .Spinning though is immature(AND FUN!)

I think you mean an MD.  You might need just an AS or a BS.  May a HS DP?  Not sure. 
r/summerreddit
Any doctorate will do.
The longer the doc makes me wait, the more fun those chairs look. 
I made an account just to post this link. Maybe it is immature, but the judgement is worth it..
Hairdressers use dolly chairs too!
I'd always roll around until the door started to open then dash to the table. They knew. They knew. 
I spend a lot of times in doctors offices... Fuck da police.
Arest me i break the law.

Relevant XKCD that is posted on my office door: 
Well, you have nothing else going for you at that point.
Fuck that. I'm a nurse and I roll all up in that shit.
"I'm a doctor. I know what I'm doing" -  a doctor
TIL I'm immature at least until I finish my Ph.D... Cause lets be real, I'm not going to stop playing with the rolly chairs.
I'm all over the chair till the doctor gets there to do whatever he's doing.
this is the law of rolly chairs? or you just made it up?
You can't tell me what to do... well, actually you can. But I don't have to comply!
Do whatever you want...except make money
I do whatever the hell I want to now....
I read that as "the law of jolly ranchers"
I'm not gonna lie, I thought that said ADHD. In which case I have that, so.... 
Before I got my doctorate I was always warned against using Wikipedia.  Now I use that shit all the time.  
The summer of my fifth grade year (eleven years old) I went to this "College for Kids" summer enrichment program at the UW-Madison.  One of the classes was in their biotechnology center.  Whole group of eleven-year-olds in a biotech lab full of the ROLLIEST CHAIRS on the smoothest tile floor imaginable.  So much disruption.  It was the lowest-friction situation I have ever been in.  It was the type of thing I imagine goes on at kids space camp to teach about inertia and that sort of thing..I want to organize a water-polo like sport only it's in rolly office chairs.  Your feet can't touch the ground if you have the ball.
My quest starts now....
I hate when people sit on my chair.
Am I the only one here who goes for a quick twirl on the chair while waiting for the doctor...?

I hate chairs. They're designed to trap you into thinking you're all comfortable and shit, but the manufacturers never give fair warning that eventually you'll have to get up from them. 
what is "PHD"? i dont get this joke
A minor extension: A mensa membership, though about 95% less useful, gives the same outrageous privilege of chair rolling. For some reason people combine statistically high IQ with the mind of a genius, and the mind of a genius with a lot of weird quirks. Though I think those connections are irrational I sure don't mind all the perks!
Isn't the entire point of them so you can move around while you are sitting? that way if you need to get something, you can just roll over and get it.
Know what 'doctor' means in Latin?
Doctors have the equivalent of a Masters in Medicine with an extended set of apprenticeships... not PhDs
physicians have a doctorate in medicine.. hence doctor?
No, they don't.  They call themselves "doctor" but that is a matter of traditional courtesy, not because they have contributed to the body of knowledge like a PhD or an ScD.
So few people will believe you if you tell them that.
You're an idiot.
It might not be a research based doctorate but it is a doctorate non the less, and entitles them to the title of Doctor.
It's not a doctorate in most countries.  It IS a terminal degree, however.
No, it isn't. Your first 4 years are not spent studying medicine. Only your 4 years in med school are. its a bachelors, and like Zyzzogeton said, they are called doctors due to tradition, and unless they are practicing, aren't called doctors. .If you want to get a PhD in medicine you have to do 4 years of pre med, then 8 years of medical school. 
no he isn't. An MD is a 4 year program. your 4 years of pre reqs aren't studying medicine, just like an associates in nursing takes 4 years, but its still an associates. 
I apolgize. You are correct I misread what was posted.
If you don't want me to sit in that chair then you should have provided one.
You wanna mess with Limp Bizkit...
Trust me, I'm a doctor. .Oh, and you have cancer.
Why the hell would a PhD be rolling around on that? 
The son of a bitch definitely rolls all day er' day in that fine rolly stool.
I think that you meant M.D. (Doctor of Medicine) or D.O. (Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine), but not Ph.D (Doctor of Philosophy).  The first two offer medical treatment, the third has completed advanced studies in some non-medical field.
Not necessarily non-medical, perhaps you mean non-clinical.
A PhD is technically non-medical.  
Technically it doesnt differentiate. You could get your PhD in some field of Medical Research, but youre not clinically a doctor who can practice.
Unless you do an MD/PhD program. MD degrees are bachelors. 
OR you could get your PhD in MD's that have a PhD/MD combo, while getting your PhD/MD combo and all of a sudden I don't give a flying fuck about the goddamn particulars of  who has what fucking degree and what they can fucking do with that fucking degree.
Perhaps, however, some Ph.Ds are Clinicians (e.g. Psychologists).
you know an MD can get a PhD in medicine, right? 
[deleted]
MD's are retarded? have you ever been sick? 
Hey now! MD's and PhD's need to work together!.Just because some MD's are dicks to us PhD's, doesn't mean they are all bad apples! Teamwork!
That's a physicians chair - i.e. an MD or a DO.  Not a PhD.source - I have a PhD
Is this why professor Stein is always rolling on his chair?
Hey.  I have a PhD!  Great rule.

Used to work on nukes when I was in the USAF and we used these to get around and work comfortably in situation were they were useful.  I don't have a PHD.
I feel like a simple use of the word "Fuck" could have made this statement so much more powerful...
"Fuck" could be added to just about any statement and make it much more powerful.
No, you kids say "Fuck"  too much. 
500k starting, any job you want?
pfff i've never seen a doctor walk on water.  I'll stick to worshiping jesus
I've never seen a Jesus walk on water, I'll stick to not worshiping at all.
I saw a Jesus walk on water before... . . . ..It was winter.
that's because you have no faith and can't see him.  it's ok, Jesus FORGIVES YOU.  that's more than you deserve.  HE IS THE MERCIFUL!  Jesus is God, you don't have to believe in him... he doesn't need you, he made you, he made all of reality on the cross... hahahaha if he didn't die that day, we woulda wiped out all the jews right there.  butterfly effect,  better thank Jesus.  he's the one to give you the holocausts you demand.
I always had the biggest urge to sit in the doctor's rolly chair as a kid
I always did the second the nurse left, because I knew I had a long wait for the doctor.
Oh god. "I am the utmost expert in Etruscan pottery. Now get your feet in those stirrups and let's look at that vag."
I just like that you call them "rolly" chairs
Maybe they're British. I've notice British people tend to have twee names for a lot of things.
What's the point in making new words if they're not fun to say?
Nah, not this word I'm afraid. I think OP messed up, god love him. 
i'm american and i call them rolly chairs.
is there something wrong with me?
Britishitis, it's terminal.
It took me an entire minute to pronounce that in my head.
I've heard them referred to as rolly chairs by everyone I have ever met, old, young, and in between. I grew up in Southwest Virginia. Also, the VP of a company my friend works at (same area) is Scottish, and he refers to part bins with wheels on them as "Wheelie Bins". Which makes sense I suppose.
The accepted term is Anglophilia. Typically inherited. Disastrous for the oral health.
MD works as well. 
Or RN.   (Edit: I meant that I see RNs in this chair more than MDs.  Christ, I wasn't saying anything more than that, people.)
We have chairs with wheels in my nurse's station. Needless to say, I play on them like a child when we are slow.
When you're bored and no one is looking, anything can become a toy.  But then again, I drive a truck with flashy lights that makes loud noises when I push buttons.  Working is often playing.  ;)
I hope I'm never near you on the highway. 
I'll be the one beeping "Shave and a Haircut" with the air horn. 
[deleted]
I'm not an RN, but I see them sit down to start IVs in the ER.  Every ER room has this stool, and the doctors never use it because they're running around or at their standing-workstations dictating notes. I didn't say anything about getting "your hands dirty".  I have no idea why you went that way..And I'm a paramedic, so let's not have a fucking "worst day" pissing match.
[deleted]
My dad can beat up your dad.
If you are in good shape and have a good degree or prestigious job, "immaturity" gets relabeled "fun loving" automatically.
Well, that's because people have damn good reason to believe that aside of that, you're actually mature.
I am very successful, and also pretty damn immature.  I can do all sorts of crazy shit at work and I will get the "fun loving" label just because I have a Ph.D.  It only encourages me.  In a another 10-15 years I will be labeled "eccentric" I hope.
You can be very responsible and successful while being . immature.
Donald Trump agrees with you. I do too.
similarly, being an immature dimwit eventually turns into "eccentric fun guy" as you age 
I think I have about 5 years left before I can make the upgrade from immature dimwit to "eccentric fun guy", 30 hear I come!
But do you have the cash to back up that eccentricity?
Finishing up my Electrical Engineering degree in two years, I'm going to say, "Hopefully."
If you don't have the money to go full on eccentric rich guy just get a weird haircut and cover your house in self made abstract paintings. .The quality of the hairstyle and paintings are not relevant.

Funniest thing ever!
Do you have some kind of warehouse of gifs? Or a gif dealer of sorts?
Was there always a bike at the end??
At regattas, the coaches ride along the bank, on bikes, following the boats. Alternatively, in each lane a launch follows each boat and acts as referee/life guard. They always have a megaphone.
And they just casually work on like nothing extraordinary is going on 5 feet from their desks. 
Maybe it isn't extraordinary then.
It's the daily office rowing ritual, of course
Practice for the upcoming tournament.
MD?
I have a phd and ill ahve u know i, am the lord of the universe i have millions of dollars cause it gove me moes money  s s kiafjf;lka gfa fag a[ofikpajd'j'sdg';ly';fdjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj . fucu ik alsdjlkjasfdjlkjhsahdfkja>
"doctorate" works better, but that negates others that use it too.
Came here to make sure this was the first comment. Not disappointed.
Yeah, that's definitely an MD chair. PhD chairs have arms and backs.
MDs have stronger core muscles than phDs.
No way.  I only see MDs sucking dicks I'm back alleys.
Yes, MD=doctor in clinical settings and PhD=doctor in laboratory/lecture-hall settings.
hell it's reddit, we can't expect much
Uh. Not really. MD = medical doctor. Phd can mean anything from someone who does clinical research in a hospital with patients to someone who is a CNN contributor and writes OP ED articles about turkey sausage. 
Close... but MD = Doctor of Medicine, PhD = Doctor of Philosophy (can pertain to any field, nothing to do with clinical research, such as physics)
Half correct.  Can pertain to any field?  Yes.  Nothing to do with clinical research?  No.  I am an immunologist (PhD) and all I do is clinical work
Thank you! That debate was killing me
PhD also means they went to graduate school and researched turkey sausages for 5 years..Also in the context of medical rolly chairs, he's right.
well 3+ years is more accurate
Any school that grants a PhD in "3+" years needs to have their credentials examined
No, having a PhD means that they went to graduate school and researched cattle ranching for 5 years so they feel qualified to write about turkey sausage..Source: I have a PhD.
Seeing a PhD for a medical issue would be a disaster. Firstly, the wool from their cardigan would likely infect any open wounds. Second, they would require hours of research, which would be interrupted by union negotiations, to answer even the simplest of questions. Thirdly, the peer review process could be awkward for medical problems relating to genitalia. 
[deleted]
Dude, chill. Also, Subban sucks.
Is that why he won the norris. Sorry i must have gotten the trophy for top defenseman in the league mixed up with something else
Pssst hey. Your unemployment is showing.
I am a MD/PhD student and I would like to say that the MD course work is much more rigorous. Pre-med is a lot of memorization. Medschool is a lot more memorization with the expectation of application.
Dual PhD and I have to say no. MD is all memorizing so if you're not good at that then no duh its gonna be tough. Never done anything in Med school but what could an MD possibly do? You look at symptoms and match them to an ailment that the big book of observations says they go to. You don't even run your own tests a clinical lab does that for you. Makes your job real hard. I believe it was Einstein who said you should never memorize what you can just look up.
I believe you are mistaken. So our 2 most important classes (.) are physiology and pathophysiology. So that when someone comes in you aren't simply matching symptoms, but looking at the cause which you can later give a label. As for labs it's so much more cost effective to send them somewhere. My father used to do most of his own labs, but imagine seeing 60 patients a day and then having to do the labs for each one of those..Also, malpractice makes it so that one can't just simply match symptoms because so many symptoms are similar. To each his own really..That's pretty cool. I respect you for dual degreeing. I always imagine us dual degrees as like Starwars Siths.
I get a little carried away sometimes I probably dont give MDs credit they deserve but in my fields physics and math you guys are pretty much hated and the older researchers often try to discredit MDs. I guess we're all just pissed you guys make so much more than us.
If you hate MDs and their "undeserved lab coat", I'd hate to hear what you think about phlebotomists! 
I had an out of body experience once, I went to a metaphysician, he had a PhD (in Philosophy).
Turn your head and exist, 
This is genius, except you'd actually be seeing his grad assistant.
Hey! Hey! Some of us wear . cardigans, dagnabbit!
You think urology and gynecology don't have peer review processes?
Dude, look at his wanker
"Unable to recreate existence of weiner, rejected"
... yeah, but at least the oral defence of their diagnosis would be . more entertaining than a typical physician's bluntness ....."You have crabs, Mr. Artfulcodger."."Have you not considered, sir, that your assertion is simply a rather derivative reiteration of a . diagnosis of harbouring pubic lice, which was thoroughly explored by my former physician, Dr. Menzies, in March of 1992? Surely you're familiar with the famous Dr. Menzies' seminal work on the topic, are you not?"
As a former phd turned md I can confirm
How old were you win you finally finished? 
Union negotiations? 
. If I'm not mistaken, there was a big labor dispute in California recently over working conditions of graduate assistants.
graduate student unions aren't actual formal unions. they've been a persistent idea due to the low pay and poor (and degrading) conditions facing many graduate students, but they are not recognized by the NLRB.
It looks like it's pretty rare. It's not like graduate students are known for their strong union or high salaries/benefits. 
University of Washington has a strong graduate student union. 
Academic slave labor really..But if you want to play "doctor" later in life, it's a hazing ritual you must endure.
I can confirm that we are not known for high salaries/benefits. 
One program I'm interested in actually isn't so bad when you consider all of the numbers.  $25k/yr stipend plus free tuition.  Figuring in the cost of out of state grad school tuition that's close to $50k/yr.  The take home is still crap, but this thought softens the blow slightly.
I felt this way when I started graduate school.  Now, I realize that "tuition" is completely made up.  After the first year or two, you're essentially doing very highly skilled technical labor for $25k/yr and not taking any classes.  The only reason they even charge "tuition" is because they get to take that money from the grants, so it's more or less free money for the school. .-grumpyseniorgradstudent
Under-compensated labor make grad student strong!
'Grad school: it's not a job, it's an indenture!'
I thought you were joking...
Dad's a PhD and, when I was in high school, would write notes excusing me from gym class. No one ever asked what TYPE of Dr. he was...
All that disastrous work so the md can perscribe what the phd created.
lol that chair hardly provides any back support. any "doctor" can easily see this. lol smh op.source: im a highscool sophomore and my dad is a back doctor!
Actually, for back health you're better off without a chair back, because it forces you to sit with your hips square, your knees at a downward angle from your hips, and that causes you to sit straight without slumping. Sure, you could hunch over, but slumping is much worse for back muscle health as it requires the spine to malign, whereas hunching forward maintains basic spinal curvature (though it does tend to weaken lumbar muscles over time making it harder to sit straight as one ages). .Just because you're related to someone with knowledge does not mean that you possess that knowledge. 
Well isn't that special.
Don't say smh on reddit or announce you are in highschool here. I don't really mind your age, but that smh business is not really a reddit thing.
Troooooooll in the reddit
Real labs. don't have backs on seats so you can jump the hell backwards off of it in case the thing in front of you explodes..I am only half joking.
I sure love . none of those icky cheese nips
Something something 
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
I think you mean .
No, it's clearly 


Is... Is he in it? Or under it?
Wrong, sir, wrong!  Under Section Thirty-Seven B of 
the contract signed by kitty, it states, quite clearly, that all 
offers shall become null and void if--and you can read it 
for yourself in this photostatic copy: "I, the undersigned, 
shall forfeit all rights, privileges, and licenses herein 
and herein contained, et cetera, et cetera . . . fax mentis 
incendium gloria culpum, et cetera, et cetera . . . memo bis 
punitor delicatum!"  It's all there, black and white, clear 
as crystal!  You stole delicious cheez-its.  You crawled into.
the box which now has to be washed and sterilized, so you get nothing!  You lose!  
That was a right-pretty speech, sir. But I ask you, what is a contract? Webster's defines it as "an agreement under the law which is unbreakable." Which is unbreakable!

Mr. Hutz there was a clause there that said it would be null and void if such a thing happened and seeing as it did, the contract is null and void, end of story
Hmm. Mr Hutz. Do you realize you're not wearing any pants? 
Uh... I'd like to move for a bad court thingy.
A mistrial?
Right! That's why you're the judge and I'm the law talking guy. 
The Lawyer?.It's even in your name.
If you look, The one 16 hours ago was me... and there are plenty of users who didnt see this three months ago. If you don't like reposts, I suggest heading over to .edit. Oh wait, now i see that is all you do... Dude, thats not how you reddit.
It's like the inception of innuendo. It a pussy in a box. 
I'm obligated to post these pictures I took in Helsinki, Finland (kauppatorin lhell) a couple years ago:.My parents did not understand what I thought was so funny.
This is the first one I've seen. How popular are these?
Well, Starbucks does suck.
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
You mean good idea. It just gave them free advertisement on Reddit.
This made my day.  One of my cats does this too!
awww I miss my calico :(
At least yours just brings toys... mine usually brings baby rabbits, mice, and shrews...
What breed is that?
We get woken up around 3-4am with meows in rapid succession followed by the feeling of toys being dropped on us while in bed. Usually have a pile of them by the alarm clock come morning.
I'm glad my cat likes to sleep at night more than I do.  She crawls into bed before I do and is out like a light!
Such an awesome looking cat!
If Charlie Chaplin was a kitty cat...
It's the eyes
Then get off reddit and play you fucker.
She looks like she's been eating some cocoa powder.
If I lock my cat out for more than 2 minutes there's no way I'll be getting any sleep
Yeah, my two even band together to rattle the door more efficiently. I can normally tolerate about 5 minutes of it, then there is yelling and capitulation :/
So cute!
Cute? It looks like it wants to disembowel.
lol it probably does!!
That is one pretty pussy you got there, if I do say so myself. 
You better play with that animal. 
Overly attached man's best friend! Good face for it
Your big pup is in serious need of a nail trim. 

I love the mid-sneeze mid-yawn mid-growl ones.... 
HOLY SHIT DIRT!!
What kind of dog is it?
Amnesia: The Dog Descent
Immediately regretting every decision he ever made. 
majestic as fuck.
This picture is meme gold 

Now that dog just looks silly. 
It's like she's surprised she came back down.

Just like Beonsay, or whatever that ladies name is. 

We all know you tried to take a picture of it in the air.
Derp, redefined.
What if your dog was really just ugly like that all the time 
It looks like it is tripping some serious balls.
I'm so sick of seeing that picture of Beyonce everywhere.
This is oddly terrifying yet kind of hilarious at the same time.
Shcooby Shnacks?! 
This dog looks like he is being clobbered by an invisible enemy. In fact, I've never seen a picture which so perfectly captured the onomatopoeic essence of the word "clobbered."
DERP DERP DERP  DERPDADERRRRP!
Dogs leap every day. Why is that when one lands everybody loses their minds?
3/10 for the landing.
9/10 for the derps.
Please rename your dog Beyonce.
It looks just like the dog from 
Purebred mutt. Comes from a long, storied line of junkyard dogs. .(We think some sort of sighthound [whippet/greyhound] + lab + a bit of dingo... but in all honesty, he's probably a good ol' fashioned Heinz-57.)
dog > cat
Ah derp derp derpitty 
Behold:
This is me when I sneeze.
TAADAAAA!
If you switched this dog and Gary Busey for a day, nobody would notice.
Cocaine's a hell of a drug
Now that's funny

I wish my brother George was here...
Yeah that dog is feeling the exact opposite of happiness
R/perfecttiming
Looks like a goofy Amnesia monster
"black whole sun...  Won't you come. Wash away the raiiiiin" 
Ah, that's funny. I asked because I'm trying to figure out what kind of breed my rescue puppy is. Her body looks a great deal like your dog's and we've guessed whippet-mix as well.
Yeah, with his chiseled snout, barrel chest and bionic eyesight (only slightly exaggerating), pretty sure he's some kind of whippet-concoction. . is what he looks like. He's also fast as shit, further adding to the sighthound theory. But... thus the glory of rescuing mutt-dogs! A good old-fashioned mystery.
Derp..
Erp.
hi
"Holly Shit! It's the Front Page!"
Nice try, mad cow disease
So majestic.
 (Warning: It's a little weird/gross.)
I can't stop staring at its tits...
jesus there is nothing more in the world that scares me more than that thing
Looks like one of the animators for Scooby-doo got high as fuck.
Reminds me of this ..
 

Anyone else see amnesia grunt?
Beyonce?
Will it show up as beyonce's face on the dog or the Doug's face on beyonce? Baited breath!
Not sure if deliberately referencing Japanese misspelling


That's how I imagine the first dog sent into space looked, like the guy on 2001 space oddyssey
retardog
I think you've captured its demonic essence.
Thank you, kind sir, for you have made not only my evening, but possibly (okay, most likely) my month as well. .Jerry, aforementioned magnificent airborne canine, sends his gratitude, too. 
That is one magnificent looking dog. 
Wow your dog is awesome looking when not all derped out.
Thank god, I was worried he'd stay like that
If you turn the picture upside down it looks like a man is strangling the dog. 
Can I worship you for noticing that?
It reminds me of Homer strangling Bart.. Why you little!
Damn, beat me to it!
Impossible on my phone w auto rotate... 
So turn it off?
hes a upvote whore dont give him wat he freakin wants! >.<
DAE .HATE KARMA WHORES?.(Guy from Roseanne MEME) 


What? Can I get a source for that? Looks awesome.

I still have not fount it unfortunately.

Damn. Either a home run derby or he KNEW it was a home run..EDIT: Now that I look at it, the wall behind him says home run derby. I still want to see the source. That was a powerful fucking hit..Found the source. 
This year's MLB All-Star Homerun derby. The guy hitting is Yoenis Cespedes from the Oakland A's. He also won the competition.
Damn that is an absolutely beautiful swing.
It sure is and I don't even . hockey.
Did he get a field goal? I didn't see that match.
No it was a let. 
I think he got a few baskets.
You guys are insane, it was obviously a single Try
Try as he may, he will never be as good a skier as Michael Jordan. 
but he put more biscuits in the basket

They're smart...problem solving smart.
I'm amazed by the need for order... The one already made it to the second crib, but still wanted to pull the other end of the crib over... Just to be neat?
I think a bunch of twins are like them.  When my twin and I were toddlers, my mother came into the room one day to see that we had completely taken apart our beds.  We had a little bitty fingers to unbolt every piece and scatter them about the room.  There wasn't any bed left according my my parents.   We had even managed to move the mattress across the room.
I'm a twin.  My mother used to tell me that my brother and I did this.  
Looks like he was about to beat the living shit out of his brother.
Good luck remembering which is which. 
My girlfriend and her sister are a year apart and when they were young my gf would fall asleep while drinking her bottle and her sister would steal it and drink it in addition to her own.
one doing the crib hopping was born first...
 -- Actually, the line is "Wonder Twin powers, activate." .Trust us.
Guess which one is going to university
They're Pinky and the Brain.  One is a genius ... the other's insane.
Did anyone else notice how the little guy on the right jumps into the corner to push them together a little bit more? 
Lil dude could probably get a fish biscuit faster than sawyer.
That baby said "Bitch, these fuckin' go cribs by my rules"
Yup, reddit is not going to have anything better than this. Time for sleep.
little dude on the right is getting HYPPPPEEEEDDDD!!!!
Now they have so much more room for activities!
There's so much room for activities!
Read it as "twin towers"..
I am a twin. This seems pretty common. I heard that we would beat the crap out of each other a lot and not tell who started.
Okay they know which is the smart one... quick someone tag him!
Engineer baby is about to fall and break an arm.
And which "powers" are you referring to?
You have obviously never had kids...that one is totally in charge and getting ready to take his parents life completely apart.  If his parents haven't completely re-evaluated where they keep their car keys they will regret it within anywhere from 12-24 weeks.
Form of.... a bucket of slop!
Guess which one is the engineer and which one will be the athlete. 
Checkmate .??
They're both pretty smart. The other one is moving to change the center of mass to make it easier to move the crib closer.
Haha, if a baby were to understand that, even intuitively, it would be pretty damn impressive. 
BABY PARKOUR!
too soon
You're an engineer.
One is doing all the heavy lifting while the other is running around with his mind blown.
That would have been so cool if they would have switched places
Well, we know who the smart one is.
Look at the retard one just running around like a retard.
If one of them ends up curing cancer and the other ends up working cashier at the Food Lion, it's a safe guess we'll be able to tell which is which.
But you wouldn't be able to tell which is which because they're twins.
I used to be a cashier at Food Lion... 
Well then, hurry up and cure cancer you sexy devil.
I have a twin brother. Right after we learned to walk, there were times we would be out with mom.  Without warning, I would take off running in one direction and my brother would book it the other way; leaving our mom to panic and wonder which one she could catch first. Being A twin rocks.
So which one of you turned out to be the favorite? Assuming that's the one she goes after first
My twin and I did that too when we were younger.  My mom opted to get these cute pink fanny packs with a cord attached to the back, they were essentially leashes.  However, looking back at videos and hearing stories, we needed them.
ah the child leash.  I don't think we ever had those (honestly I don't know why).  I see them at Disneyland all the time and they have probably saved so many lives.
yep, and people always gave my mom shit about them.  There were two of us that ran different directions (usually into the road) and it was attached on the butt.  People hear child leashed and they think they are on the neck. Silly gooses.
So you're that kinda twin, eh? Yeah I have a twin just like you...
we're the best kinda twins.  the ones that have been screwing with people  since birth
i don't often say this but...relevant username
thats the kicker.  TO THIS DAY my mom refuses to admit that she likes me more than my brother.   I know it deep down inside, but unfortunately,  so does my twin. My mom is pretty awesome.
I sense a potential hidden camera show prank. Picture this: A mother and her two boys in a grocery store. The boys are acting up (they and the mother are in on it). One boy runs in one direction while the other runs down the aisle toward the victim. The mother shouts at the prankee to catch him while she runs off to catch the other. She doesn't come back. Meanwhile the prankee is holding onto some strange screaming kid trying to explain to other shoppers that he's "just holding him for someone else". How long does it take for him to just say "fuck it" and walk away from the kid.
Calm down Satan 
Twins are awesome.  Babies are awesome.  Twin teamwork genius babies are really awesome.
Intelligence is awesome.
I see no teamwork going on here.  I see one genius working alone.
Watch the second baby carefully and note where he stands each time the first baby pulls the bed closer. Then think about it. 
I didn't catch it at first either.  Baby 2, the less active one, rotates around the crib, ensuring that he is always caddy-corner to his brother so that his brother can climb the bars without flipping the crib.
They both are. Look at the one on the right, he's shifting his weight to opposite sides of the bed to make moving it easier.
Yup. Had to watch it three times before I realized why he was moving from one end to another.
Look at the one on the right, he's shifting his weight to opposite sides of the bed to make moving it easier.
Great observation.  Amazing how deeply they are thinking about each other, and working as a team..All you other redditors mocking the other child for just running around, take note!
This confirms my greatest fear of having twins. One of them is getting a discreet tattoo dot. :/
"Oh, that's just a birthmark, son."
Why not just convert one of the twin to Hindu and tattoo the red dot on? :P.Edit: Oh dear, my funny fell flat! I'm so proud, this is my most downvoted comment! :D Thanks everyone, I shall wear this comment with pride.
That's not even how it works...
Close enough
No, it's not even vaguely close. 
Just a tiny dot behind the ear or something. Not knowing which one was which would freak me out.
Just give them the same name and wait for their distinctive personalities to start showing itself later on. Also, it's one less name to remember.
Or just cut one's leg off. Easier to spot from afar.
Yeah, and after you cut the leg off and STILL can't tell them apart just dress the boy in blue and the girl in pink...
Mostly because one of them will stay afar.
I am a twin. We did this all the time when we were babies, according to my parents. By the time we were two, we would open the front door and run away to my neighbors house (who always had junkfood). My parents put a chain lock up higher on the door, and that's when we started standing on each other's backs. We were a nightmare.
Also a twin. When I tried this, apparently I fell from the crib and broke my collar bone. 
What other twin stuff did you do?
My twin brother and I did the same thing.
My mother tells me that since we were always together, we never used singular pronouns. One time I was watching tv by myself when she came and asked me what I was doing. I told her "we" were watching television. Also, we still have the EXACT SAME thought processes, and still often finish each other's sentences.
I will say even as a fraternal twin - it was nice growing up having a play mate 24/7. My only challenge was trying to convince my sister to do the things I wanted to do. 
Goddamnit, why could I haven't a fucking twin. Fuck my life.
I know, right? When I was a boy, I laid in my twin-sized bed and wondered where my brother was.
Ah, Mitch Hedberg was awesome.
It is pretty cool. But most of the time it just feels like having another brother.
I'd trade ten brothers for one identical twin.
you've got yourself a deal, good sir.
that's some rugrats level shit right there, homie
so are you the smart one or the stupid one?
I'm the smart one. But we're both pretty smart.
were you born first or second?
I was born first. Two minutes before my brother.
How are your fighting skills?  We need candidates for the Yeager program...

We did that, too. Still do sometimes haha.
My sister and I did the same thing. We'd somehow end up in each other's cribs every night, or outside napping on the ground with the dog. I don't know how we made it out of childhood without seriously fucking injuring ourselves. 
babies are made of rubber. 
those kids are both wearing the same clothes .. how likely is it that their/your parents at one point couldn't tell them apart and they/you got switched..I'd guess after a couple times they'd start putting tags on them or something ... but what if you guys got switched at some point..Have you ever thought about that. What if you are living the wrong life?.If you found out for sure ... would you switch back?.Like trade wives ... and diplomas and all that.  I feel like you should.
Highly likely, I have identical twin cousins and when they were babies we couldn't tell them apart so their parents ended up putting blue shoes on one baby and the other baby had red shoes. .Now that they are 16, they have minute physical/personality differences that we can tell who is who now. .I myself am a fraternal twin. 
in Mark Winegardner's shitty sequels to Godfather, Santino's twin daughters say that all the time - that maybe the're living the wrong lives..
 "Maybe i . you"
I have thought about that. It feels like it would be a big deal, even though I know it's not. My parents did paint my brother's toenails when he was a baby, though. So I think i'm good haha.
My mom's friend had twin boys. Absolutely identical. When they were babies, she wrote their initials on the backs in blank sharpie because even she had a tough time telling them apart. They're teens now so they just ahve different hair cuts.
And here is our next movie. Get on it Hollywood. 
They should probably be responsible for remembering their own names by now.
They're teen twin boys. Hormones are racing and depleting their brain capacity. Even if they can remember their names, they're mischevious as fuck. 
Arnold Schwarzenegger and Danny DeVito in Twins 2: "Switched at Birth"
Jokes on you: Twins 2 is going to be made already.  
yup. "Triplets", with Eddie Murphy added to the cast.
It would definitely be a comedy. It wouldn't be like parent trap or anything like that. It would be more like two adults with actual lives that find out they are actually the other twin and then they switch and we watch how they try to live the life of the other. Idk. I think it has potential. 
I have sisters that are twins and my parents used several tricks to distinguish one from the other. But they have since admitted that on at least one occasion, the girls got mixed up as babies and they were not positive which was which, so they took their best guess and reassigned the names. 
Check the birth certificate, they have a foot print that may still be able to identify them. Find out if your parents guessed right. 
Uncle Jesse did this on Full House. Becky had put booties on the twins to keep track of them, but he took them off because they were "girlie". 
One of those kids is going to be an engineer when he grows up. The other will probably be a politician..Edit: someone gave me gold? Thanks!! :D
I can ride my bike with no handlebars 
Yeah, I was like that's not really twin power when one person does all the work, and there was your comment.
The one on the right is shifting his weight to opposite sides of the bed to make moving it easier.
Oh my god he actually is.. hahaha
That makes perfect sense... TIL babies are smarter than me. D:
Lmao I'm glad the one thing I was going to point out is the only comment so far.  II'm actually kind of amazed that the engineer innately knows to move to the opposite end.
He's probably done it once or twice.
Lol, yeah, I like how politician baby just runs in circles. I like to imagine he is scolding engineer baby for not getting the proper permits
I lost it when I read this. Lolz.
Wait, I thought the engineer was the one moving everywhere.  He is moving the weight to the opposite side of the crib so the other kid can move it easier with his tiny baby arms..The other little one just pulls.
haha holy shit you are right, that is awesome.
Now that bit I completely missed.
That makes sense when they're in different cribs but it would have the opposite effect for the second pull. Stupid babies.
It's all a metaphor for how everyone is necessary!!.(but jk not really)
So you are telling me a toddler is able to figure out weight distribution? Oh gosh.
It's not really that advanced of a concept.
it's more like a dog though. he doesn't know why it works but he knows something happens so he does it.
so exactly like an engineer?
from what I've learned about engineers on reddit, yes, exactly like an engineer.
The engineer does all the hard work while the politician dances in circles and possibly wets himself..Sounds about right.
The "politician" had to anchor certain points so his brother, the "engineer", could move the cribs in the desired fashion
Glad someone else noticed that.
I don't agree with his self wetting policy but I approve of his dancing everywhere stance. He has my vote. 
Except at the Jefferson Memorial. It's simply inappropriate to dance there. The courts have said so. Though I'm not sure if this applies to politicians. 
They won't dance there. They dance on his grave instead.
Nothing ever applies to politicians 
Thanks to a slow loading gif, I can say this was fake.  The guy never made contact.
Wow. What a colossal fucking douche nozzle. 
..and the whole world will be slapped. -Gone D.
Dominicans!
This looks just as fake as the other one.
What a surprise !!! ... black guys hitting other black guys ...
that guy with the hat went down like a sack of shit
I can see this going on all the way down the street. Like violent dominoes.
be funny if his hand actually connects to his head
Naggers
Repost
That's how riots (and modern "fast-zombie") invasions happen.
Hit my baby one more time...
WHOMever.
That's how things got started in Somalia.
Can't stop watching.
And then the guy in black shirt will hit the guy in the van and then it will just keep going on and on and on and on.
I wonder if this is how some un-named war started.
The only fight I was ever in played out something like this.  .Was playing Hockey, went to the net for a rebound as my teammate hits a guy from behind and knocks him down.  When he got up he saw me.  Things went poorly for me from there.
That certainly was funny. Good job, OP.
TAG!!! You're it.
It's happening, just like the movie WWZ predicted it would. It all started in India:o
The man was later charged with child abuse.
Black people are like Enriched Uranium 235. I bet the guy on the bench went and hit the guy near the car.
Dat repost.
Something about people randomly causing a ruckus by slapping other people is always a hit with me. 
[deleted]
Laughed at this for a good minute. I see people do this at work in the daily.
Only in tha hood
[deleted]
Now what motherfucker?
I can tell by the . pixels
this is how piracy works, in an abstract.
They are a violent race.
If the guy who slapped the other guy was white then this would be racist but if it was a black guy slapping a white man then it's not considered racist.  .Hey I'm trying to understand people's logic.
where your mums goes regularly.
Because there's dirty niggers
dude pulled it
I'd like to imagine the 2nd guy got up and smacked the person on the left..Edit: The 2nd guy to get hit. 
That's what happened, I just watched it.
500 dead in Chicago last year.  1 "white' hispanic kills 1 black kid, NATIONAL TRADEGY!!!
This is fake and was posted last week...
Whomever*
I like to think the guy in green got up and hit the woman by the minivan. 
Anyone have the chinese classroom gif almost like this?
I like how he's wearing a giant cross around his neck.
"Invading Iraq."
Pakistan, USA and Iraq
Sauce?
Stupid And fake 
Notice the Rosery around the first guys neck. Fuck that guy. I'm not religious, but damn, just damn. 
Why?
This is how people decide who's paying the tab at bars in Cuba.
Anyone else think its funny he's wearing a cross on his neck?
Good way to blow someone's eardrum.  
So hitting random people is funny? Not for me, sorry...
Set up.  He looks over at the guy who really slapped him before he turns and slaps the other dude.
natural habitat.
Cough, cough, repost!, cough
So this is what Pay it Forward means.
That poor kid just playing his gameboy.
Is that a Game Boy?
Man1: "Hey man, you got a bee on you".Man2: "Oh damn, thanks!... oh hey kid, you got a bee on you".Man2: "No need to thank me".Kid: "..."
I am sure this comment section will be full of insightful, non-racist comments
Pay it forward, black edition.
He didn't even trip any alarms. He's probably saving his ammo for the boss. 
Violence! You're turning violent, Violence!
That escalated quickly. 

My natural reaction to getting slapped is taking my shirt off like I'm Matthew McConaughey and start a good old fashioned slap fight.
*relevant       ...
Every one of these is fake.  Every one. 
[deleted]
14 year olds discover racism. 
Rachel jeantel said that nigga means male.  Of any race..Watch her piers Morgan video..Stop pulling the race card bro.  Even black ambassadors like jeantel are tired of it.
Or a 25 year old man who enjoys Aaron McGruder.
Holly hell he knocked him unconscious with a slap? 
.
This is fake.

[deleted]
I think I can sort of make out somebody who may have been hit. And if it follows any of the previous ones, the another person got hit as well.  
Jiffy! Something or something I don't remember....
WAKE THE FUCK UP!!
that quality gave me cancer
It was obviously set up. The kid on the railing didn't even turn his head or jump. If that was me I'd nope the fuck out of there.
This is as real as pro wrestling. 
So 100%
He didnt really hit him. Watch close.
WHY DON'T YOU SHUT UP AND LET ME LIVE IN MY BUBBLE
Came to say this. Totally planned
The pimp hand is strong. 
HOW CAN HE SLAP?

And do you help him with that?
... You aren't even using quotes...
Well his name is GuyWhoQuotes
This made my night.
More like guy who quotes dong...
This is by far the stupidest novelty account i've ever seen.
What the fuck are you talking about?
His name... still pretty stupid though
Violence begets violence
Warden: Did you enjoy God's latest gift?.Teddy Daniels: What?.Warden: God's gift. Your violence.
[Daniels looks at him blankly].Warden: When I came downstairs in my home, and I saw that tree in my living room, it reached out for me... a divine hand. God loves violence..Teddy Daniels: I... I hadn't noticed..Warden: Sure you have. Why else would there be so much of it? It's in us. It's what we are. We wage war, we burn sacrifices, and pillage and plunder and tear at the flesh of our brothers. And why? Because God gave us violence to wage in his honor..Teddy Daniels: I thought God gave us moral order..Warden: There's no moral order as pure as this storm. There's no moral order at all. There's just this: can my violence conquer yours?
I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me. 
Hunter S. Thompson (1939 - 2005)
Happy cakeday!!! It's all I wanted during mine but never got it..

Violence?
Begets laughter.
Begets violence if you stood there laughing in person.
It's 2013. Just live in your basement 24/7 and laugh at Internet videos.
And then the kid texting on the phone gets up and slaps the person by the car.
With great violence comes great violence.
Luke, use the violence!
A little bit of the Ultraviolence.
It's super effective!
now now, people.  perfectly symmetrical violence never solved anything.
Yer a violence, Harry.
Violence? You're turning violent, Violet!
Violence is golden.
I.AM.VIOLENCE.
Now I am become Violence, the slapper of dudes.
People should not be afraid of violence. Violence needs to be afraid of people. 
I wish I could tell you that violence fought the good fight, and the violence let him be. I wish I could tell you that - but violence is no fairy-tale world. He never said who did it, but we all knew. Things went on like that for awhile - violence life consists of routine, and then more routine. Every so often, violence would show up with fresh bruises. The violence kept at him - sometimes he was able to fight 'em off, sometimes not. And that's how it went for violence - that was his routine. I do believe those first two years were the worst for him, and I also believe that if things had gone on that way, this place would have got the best of him
You remember the name of that Violence, don't you?
Don't ask what your violence can do for you, ask what you can do for your violence.
You had me at Violence 
Life is like a box of violence. 
THIS IS VIOLENCE!!
Say Violence again. Say Violence again, I dare you, I double dare you motherfucker, say Violence one more Goddamn time! 
We're gonna need a bigger violence...
Where's the fucking violence, Lebowski?

Lots of mosquitos in that neighborhood.
[deleted]
Is this the new "I wish I had more upvotes to give"? Can we nip it in the bud?
What'd be say ?!
bae said "caught me slippin"
Caught me slappin'.ftfy
holy shit you didnt even try to be original

How I repost repost on the repost
Try not reposting extremely recent, and memorable content.
OP is a fag what did you expect

How did this make the front page, again? This was only posted about a week ago, good god. 
Believe it or not, not everybody sees everything. This is the first time I've seen it. 
But a week later? You can't defend that.
I haven't seen it before today, so you bet your ass I can.
9/10 people have..And the 1/10 aren't worth this shit. I'd rather know you're unhappy than see this image ever again.
Not worth it to you. Luckily, assholes like you aren't the authority on what people can post. For the record, reposts aren't against the rules. Bitching about them is. 
I'm such a bad man. .Don't let the bad man take away your silly pictures..It's annoying as hell and very bad for a subreddit to recycle images. Yeah, it's nice if you missed it the first time. Maybe. But chances are, you're going to miss a ton of shit and it won't make any difference in your life..Images that aren't funny once won't be funny the second, third, fourth time. .There's nothing in the rules about reposts . bitching. 
We are the 90%
Reddiquette mother fucker
It's just as much against the reddiqette to repost as it is to bitch about it..There's an easy way to stop the second one from happening.
That's literally what I just said. Stop bitching about reposts. 
You said there were no rules against reposts. I said there were no rules against bitching about them..You said it was against reddiqette. So is posting it in the first place..You're still wrong. Stop letting reposts exist.
You're an idiot. Bitching about bitching about reposts isn't covered in reddiquette. 

Unfunny repost.
Original content muthafucker, do you use it?
nope.
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
I fear we're going to be seeing a lot more of this gif.
we should, it's brilliant & true

Watch something by Jimmy Carr instead. 
If I wanted this much Conan I'd watch the show.
You know what's been funny? Reposts
eh....

I feel like I can touch it! 
Nope, it's Craig Ferguson: 
You realize he has writers right? He isn't the one coming up with most of these jokes.
you know what's funny? Conan's writers.
You got that right!  .Best writers in the biz!  Great writers!.Coco knows how to pick'em. 
You know who's more funny than Conan: HIS WRITING CREW. Most of the jokes are written by one of the comedy writer on the show (especially the opening jokes...)
Coco's got a great writing crew, no doubt.  Love the writers!.He's like the big game quarterback, he knows how to deliver.  Touch-Down, everytime.  
Hell Yea!  I hear ya bro. .Can't get enough Conan.  Very Funny!
Holy crap, wow I agree with you, and upvote you but you popular opinion just got bashed to hell 
Is.. Is this a bot?
Just wanted to see how long for the bots to show up. 
Your account name and account age, you sure you're not PR?
Looks like we broke the conspiracy, we did it reddit!
You are such a fucking tool, people like you make me want to drive into oncoming traffic. Conan is not funny, his joke writer's aren't even funny. I've seen more of this douchebag on reddit than I've ever seen on tv. So just stop. StAhp. STaWP. Stop. Hault. You shall not pass!
All T-shirts are in 3D or else you wouldn't be able to wear them unless you are a flatlander.
Still, this joke is an absolutely hysterical laugh riot.  Don't try and poke holes in the logic, just enjoy it for what it is.  .Fuck... Conan is fucking hilarious! 
Come on... it's not that great...
It's really not that funny.... 
You know what's more funny than conan? Trick question. Conan's not funny. 
Glad someone said this. I do like Conan, but I just don't find him very funny at all. This "joke" was not funny at all. Saw this one coming up main street.
I can honestly say, I've never even raised a corner of my mouth at one of his jokes.
Do you enjoy ethnic humor?  If you do, TBS also has Tyler Perry who is indeed, Very Funny.  

Tyler perry shows blow
That baby looks like it's of the male persuasion
What a bitch
No is my baby girl
Why does that baby have a cell phone?
Had to jump out of the way she almost ran me over
As the owner of two mini coopers and with a niece's birthday in two weeks I must know where to get this fine vehicle. :3
Toysrus
Huzzah! Thanks! Been wondering what to get her. Must maintain crazy aunt status!
:)
So you stood there and took a photo?

 
I have the same shirt but in a tank. Kudos bro.
I have it in black. It is top notch.
The bear has human hands. 
Way to waste a limited resource!
Andy Warhol's factory is now a class they teach.
Technically not:
The attempt to cover the room
 Was not foiled at all
However the room was foiled.BITCH PlEASE.Like ma Friking logic, daaiim!!! You never saw that coming, suck on that! Boom snap! Got ya now suckers.
I WIN!
O But i guess your right....Edit: comment karma goin Down
lets see what happens now...
Who has that much time???
The sad part is that this is like $40 worth of aluminum... If I were the janitor, I would be stoked. Would definitely sell that shit to a recycle plant or something.
The only thing that could make this better is when you walked in the door, "wont get fooled again" started playing
Curses!!
The classroom of tomorrow!
They did say the future was chrome
Curses! Foiled again!
When I was in 4th grade my teacher had everyone bring in a roll of aluminum foil for the unit we were doing on science and outer space. We covered all the walls to make the classroom into a spaceship of sorts and dressed up in cardboard spacesuits while doing simple science experiments. This picture brings me back! Clean up was a bitch though. 
Fuck. This hurts me. When I was in elementary school, our biology teacher shamed kids (like me) who had tin foiled wrapped lunches. I would throw a fit when ever my mom bought or used any.
How the hell did kids get have access to the class for that long? Especially with something as noisy as aluminum foil at their disposal.
Still won't stop the NSA
Probably just having kosher studies that day.
please recycle
You must using I.E. The foiled jokes were last week :P
The FUTURE
And I'll get on my knees and pray
We don't get foiled again
Don't get foiled again
I'm a teacher and have wanted to line my walls with foil for a few years now. I've heard it can block kids from using their damn phones in class!
Looks like a Dexter kill room
WELCOME.... TO THE FUTURE
Cursive
People called me crazy when I put foil over the windows and wore a foil hat. They will thank me when I save their children.
singapore american school!
where  R the tin foil hats?  Need one for every chair.
np: Lagwagon - foiled again

NYAAAAAAAA
FTTFY
My boyfriend and I did this to his room mate's bedroom. It was glorious. 
You forgot the strobe light.
If it weren't for you metaling kids!
"that's not what I meant by 'FOILing' the factored quadratic funtion timmy"
I always hated factoring.
Well at least no one is getting their ideas 
Best fucking kitchen ever.
I have a feeling they were just trying to cut labor costs on painting the room by wrapping the furniture and using firecrackers in a paint can.
You could have been studying. 
Who has the time do this?!
The second that bell goes off I'm already home playing games.
Everything is chrome in the future.
I give you Professor Chaos's legion of doom HQ.
You all get F's.  Clean this shit up.
3 hours and 50 bucks later, It only took 5 minutes it take down.
what a waste
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
this hurts my teeth just looking at it
the most elaborate classroom prank ever
The school bored is going a little to far with this no phone's in school rule.
I would have enjoyed this more if it was a person covered in foil whilst being arrested. Also, less foil would have been wasted in my scenario.
I have not seen a porno start like this.
Retarded and not funny.  Can this stop being a thing?  It only serves to show that the person doing this is psychotic, not a comedian, as a psychotic person would think.  That's why they are crazy and go to great pains to do something of this magnitude.  People are freaked out when they see it.  The nervous laughter that accompanies their reaction is not joy or happiness, it's the thought of "oh my god, this person is fucking crazy.  I had better keep an eye on them in the future, as I now know that they are capable of anything".  
The classroom of the future!
this post has 69 comments.... until but not now.
No alien probes in my classroom! 
What a stupid waste.
That's Al's chemistry class.
Aluminum is one of the most expensive metals to refine. The amount of aluminum in one drink can took as much electricity to power a CRT TV for four hours. One can..Think before you decide to be a fucking shithead.
It's 100% recyclable.  Chill out, man.
was it recycled? probably not.
Cynicism?  On reddit?  No .!
I've never seen those types of desks lined up side by side... They were always one in front of the other my entire life... This is uncomfortable
Am I the only one who doesn't get pranks? This is a terrible waste of time. Hours. And then the students get to class and go "lol" and then remove it all within minutes. The "pranksters" are probably all pssftssftsssffppsstlol but the joke is on them because this prank will be quickly forgotten, and so will they. 
Will you be remembered?
Found my new senior prank.
use silver spray paint instead 
I take it this is . classroom?
Anti NSA room
Foil me once, shame on you.... you foiled me once you can't foil me again.
Won't get foiled again!
The family in the Disney Channel original movie Up, Up, and Away are in so much pain right now.
The Steel Condor!!!
How much did this cost?
That's probably two rolls of aluminum foil. I'm guessing less than ten dollara.
Seeing how prices vary by state, you may not be that far off if this was only two rolls. And by two rolls, they'd have to be the biggest sized ones. Around my area, that would maybe come up to about $12- $14. 
I'd have just went on with class like nothing was out of the ordinary. 
I wonder how many rolls they needed to do that

Everything is chrome in the future.
this made me think of when spongebob went to the future and everything was chrome
Ahem. Squidward went to the future. 
[deleted]
Gifsoup? Just mail it to me.
get it!?!
It's like a classroom for the extremely paranoid
The NSA can't find us now.
"Foil me once..."
Curses! 
Please let this be a math classroom. Please let this be a math classroom.
Good ol' distributive property.
Looks like Ricky got a hold of Julian's Trailer again. 
Naw leave it up, it looks cool.
I'm so sad that I had to scroll down that far to find a TPB reference.
irst.uter.nner.ast.bitches. 
first outside inside last*
well at least you'll be protected from the NSA somehow....kinda...hopefully.
Well class, I think that 'wraps' up this lesson.
They're just pranksters man, give em a break :/
Your future is not bright. Abandon this account. 
Foil me once, shame on you. Foil me twice, where the fuck do you keep getting so much tinfoil from?!
Give a man some tinfoil and he will foil for a day. Teach a man to tinfoil and he will foil him for a lifetime
Give a man some tinfoil and he tinfoils only when you teach him, give a man some aluminum foil and they discover their own path
This is a repost... Some kids did it to my physics teacher's class. This is the original: 
Well... he did say "Foiled ."
you know how expensive that stuff is?
1$ a 30ft roll at the dollar tree
My sous chef would have a fucking heart attack if he saw this
dunno but I really want to explode a "paint bomb" there
Why is "paint bomb" in quotes? 
poo ?
Fuuuttuuurreeee fuuuutuuurrrreee

It can't be him, he's wearing red. Not aluminum foil or chrome.
Everything is... Chrome
I'm sure the minimum wage janitor was thrilled when they saw that.
I don't know, tearing off some aluminum sounds more fun than mopping dirty floors. Seems like easy cleaning.

Easy, maybe, but time consuming. It's likely whoever ended up having to do that wound up still having to do the rest of their usual routine as well, assuming the teacher/professor didn't do it themself.
I'm pretty sure that the kids would have to pick that shit up. Teachers and Principals usually have high respect for the janitorial staff. Shit like that doesn't fly where I went to school. If the desks were not in their correct spots janitors wouldn't clean (like if the desks were scattered acrosa the room)..They don't get paid to deal with this level of bullshit.
Hell, maybe the kids cleared it with the principle as a senior prank under the promise that they'd clean it up. Who knows?
I'm guessing this is a prank, and that the kids came back after the teacher left to do this so (s)he'd see this first thing in the morning..Were I the janitor, I'd clean up every fucking scrap before leaving for the night..Troll those kids, lol.
Aluminimum wage janitor
Most places disallow custodial staff from keeping anything they find, be it in a trashcan or not.
It's spelled Aluminiumum
... and pronounced 'tin'
Aluminium and tin are very different.
This pun is way too funny for reddit. 
I don't think reddit understands that aluminum has two spellings. 
Aluminum . janitor
Al, the minimum wage janitor
What a waste.  
I'd imagine, in today's day and age, that this would be recycled.
A process which consumes more energy, and costs money. Shipping the recyclables and then recycling them safely. This is a senseless waste of valuable resources.
Foiled it!
Foiled it!
Foiled it! 
Is this a Spongebob reference?
I'm thinking of the episode where he goes to the future and everything is chromed 
Yep. 
Squidward: Future... future... future...
I live in a country where aluminum is needed. This is a huge waste. 
These are thin strips of aluminum. I imagine all of that added up wouldn't amount to very much.
No single raindrop blames itself for the flood.
Which one may I ask?
One where they bake a lot.
I live in a country that is one of the top aluminium providers worldwide. this is great, keep it up.
Perspective.
All other countries have inferior aluminium.
I live on the planet Aluminium. Stop killing my brothers!
Well, you're definitely not American with that spelling.
No you aren't, Kharii.
I was talking about his spelling of Aluminium. We drop the I in America.
And elfefe305 was talking about your spelling of Kharii. We spell it Carrie in America. 
..But that's my name in real life. I mean yeah, I'll just get more downvotes, but hey. 
He was talking about the planet, not the element... 
i live in colorado and those guys took my jobs! (its a southpark reference)
Have an upvote #fabturd.
Gee, you're everywhere today.
 to restore redit lol
Repost?
Definitely not. I have other pictures from this day, will post shortly. 


Nice tits, bro. What are those? Bcups?
It's been a while since I've worn a bra, but I'm thinking possibly Cs at this point. 
As a former employee of Kohl's, trust me when I say the night shifts, truck shifts or over-nights did a hell of a lot more than just spell naughty things with towels (or candles in one case). Oh, the things we've done in that store. Mwahahahaha! Those mannequins never saw it coming! 
I read it as ".", I think I need to sleep.
That's a pretty big ass.
One of the manequins at my Kohl's was dancing to the YMCA song a couple of nights ago. While the store was still open. Overnights are the shit, though. Unless you're alone on the dock. Then they're kind of creepy. 
You know you have arrived when you are wiping your ass with embroidered towels. 
Those are Sonoma brand towels, if you buy them on sale, they're not going to be terribly expensive (less than $10 each)..Source: I had to fold a fuckton of Sonoma brand towels last night. 
My store they are all folded already so thats shitty for you.
You laugh now, but this is a practical solution to the classic Head/Butt Quandary.
A for right, S for crack and S for left.
Do they have some for my balls?
Worked there before. Did this plenty of times to mess with that department.
What do you get when you cross an owl and a bungee cord??
I always wanted to get towels for me and my wife that read "Hers" & "Mine".
Damn, he's really packin' if he needs four towels.
I agree, sometimes when im walking around the store alone at night i forget the mannequins are in certain areas and get startled when I see one out of the corner of my eye.
First thing I rode was "Hass" (german for hate)

I used to work at kohls and i used to stck these towels and every hour my manager paged me and told me to go change the towels back. I always got a good chuckle out of the things people put.
Who? I mean what?
MY ASS!!!!

Now why would a donkey need a towel?
Staged.
Are you sure? Would OP really do that?
Sounds like something Tobias Fnke would say! :P
They kick you out if you're a dick. 
Don't be a dick, join PENIS!
His P.E.N.I.S is unjoined?
PENIS
Dick move 
this is right up my alley, ive been a member for the Pen15 club since elementary school!
Do they analize your eligibility to join with the other pussies?
Does . remind you of riding your horse?
Dem legs..
Taste the rainbow! I dare ya.
Its Mr Toots
"Alright Jim just turn the light on, good, now turn the washer on! Pictures taken, lets go get some Karma!!!!! Jimmy, I make my own luck."
there will be no shame
Pink fluffy unicorns dancing on rainbows.

Or gay?
Part leprechaun more like it.
Always, I want to be with you.And make believe with you.And live in harmony, harmony
look at my horse, my horse is amazing, give it a smell it farts rainbows!
where's the robot part?
He farts colors?!
look at my horse, my horse is amazing...
NYAN horse 
I think you shouldn't wash it with a power washer.
Holy crap. That horse just crapped out a rainbow.
Finally found the other end of a rainbow, Kudos to you.
My first thought was Lady Rainicorn
Nah man, Unicorns don't get that dark. Trust me, I'm an expert. That's just a class-A imposter who didn't do his homework. 
You won't find a pot of gold on the end of that rainbow!
Please tell me that your horse also is also making rad Twin Ion Engine noises when it does that. Because I have to tell you...that would just be fantastic.
Mr Toots!!
Dat... ass.
Beautiful
Not colors, rainbows :D

I sure wish i could laugh at this. Science has ruined me. 
magical as fuck
Does he sing .? 
Open your eeeyyyyeesss....
That poor, poor, leprechaun.

what is this from and  why do i want to see it now... because i cant stop thinking of ren and stimpy
Definitely looks like a piece of Spumco animation. 
It's from mighty bee, a nick show from 2008
Technically, all horses are part unicorn.
That just .! Part unicorn and it has to be THAT end??
Butt Stallion! 
Handsome Jack!
Easy! Easy Butt Stalion.
OP, please feed horse eridium, then report back with loot result. 

This could end up being a shitty situation.
I saw Sleeping With Sirens at Warped as well
Oh look, someone wearing a pokemon shirt that is also a doormat..WHAT A COINCIDENCE!
How is he a doormat? You know way too little based on a picture to draw any kind of conclusive opinion. 
This is going to be a shitty thread. Let's just dump it now.
Fortunate ass selection.
Lol lol
The thumbnail looked like a girl in a very tight cami with very large breasts. I was expecting a gif of such..But Pokemon jokes are good too.
I could make a shit joke, but it just would not feel right.
whats that mark on her back?  was he beating her with a wire hanger?
selection or choice?
For once I wish someone would take a dump on my chest! 
Shirt's completely inaccurate. If "shit's going down", the hat should be backwards.
That's some fine legs and a beautiful ass. Also nice shirt.
I love Warped Tour.
You must be 16
DM:SHBHL (doesn't matter: stuck head between her legs)
No one has said it yet, so I feel obligated: dat ass tho
is that warped in Pittsburgh? i was there!
What shirt?
Oh hey you were at Warped Tour yesterday. 
Because one lol was not enough. 
Gotta love Warped Tour. 
Scranton?
Is it a bands shirt?
You're not being the person Prof. Oak new you could be.
I guess that answers my question as a no

Dear god - no way this is real. On point though.
Title makes it! hahaha
This made my day! So funny!
This is more like the thriller


 is for when you:
More like, GODFUCKING DAMMIT! They are going to ruin our subreddit
looks like kuzco
don't ALL mods and even regular, mortal Redditors feel that way?
Is he pope of diaper hats or something?
Is that a tea cozy?.Looks like a Pope hat.
The fact that I read this in David Mitchell's accent made this joke so much better.
It really disappoints me that reddit is now catering to the lowest common denominator: people who can't figure things out on their own.
You explained what the lowest common denominator was, thus becoming the very thing you claim to hate..What now, herebezombies?
Whats a default subreddit?.Sorry
One of the subreddits whose stuff appears on the front page of anyone without an account, or who isn't logged into their account.
Also, they are the subreddits that people are automatically subscribed to upon creating a new account.
I've never been to . - but I will upvote any David Mitchell picture/gif/content whatsoever.
I don't get the subtly of the joke....care to explain it to me at a lower cognitive level perhaps?
I thought this said . and got excited
Odd sub. 
Ow, my balls!
i frickin' love this show..and david mitchell foreverrr
Never trust a man who, When left in a room with a tea cosy doesn't try it on.
Honestly, this is the best post on reddit I've ever seen, as if it was made just for me. The perfect combination of title, content and context. Thank you OP
Flawless victory.Shrenko wins
I feel sorry for the poor bastards, no matter what they do, in a few months people will be bitching about it and how stupid it is. Good luck, guys.
What is this from? I must see it!

Per usual. Any post involving David Mitchell gets an upvote
Hey what episode of Would I Lie To You is this from?
3.2
Heh saw someone post on my Facebook feed about being a part of it. Said he would put it on his rsum.
Anyone seen Yes Man? I can imagine this guy, acting like 
I thought his hat was a waffle in the thumbnail [7]
Well, if I made a subreddit and it was popular enough to become a default subreddit, I would be pretty darn impressed with myself. 
I thought I was the only one! I used to wear tea cosies on my head all the time as a child and pretend I was king. 
Oh nice, thanks!
Thank you!
A show called Would I Lie to You. Very funny.
Ah! That makes more sense, I think I've seen all of QI.
Then you'd love it.  Rob Brydon hosts, and David Mitchell and Lee Mack are team captains.  The entire point of the game is to bullshit each other.
This show sounds absolutely perfect, I can't believe I've never seen it before. 
I'd skip the first season, it had a different host and format, seemed a bit cheesier.  But the rest are pure joy.
I'll definitely check it out, thanks! 
Sounds fantastic!
Holy crap, are atheism and politics finally not defaults? I can't find them on the front page when logged out. I also didn't know EarthPorn was a default too.
Correct. More info here: 
Oh interesting. This just happened yesterday. Thanks!
Why not .? 
Ultimately any such achievement, if it can even be considered that in the face of society's nonrecognition, is utterly meaningless. Perhaps there is nothing to feel important about on the face of the earth. The only thing even worth remarking on is being witness to the nagging incessant voices that creep from your eyes to your head. 
The goddamn nihilists are back.
Holy . you must be a blast at parties. 

Leave it up to the british to wear a teapot hat...
Well, then you can call him a teapothead. Lazy teapotheads. 
Never trust a man who, when left alone with a tea cosy, does not try it on. - Billy Connoly
Upvote for David Mitchell. That man is brilliant.
Why is it that BBC seems to have a ceaseless amount of funny game/quiz shows, yet there's nothing at all like that in the states? I want to learn and laugh!
Because we don't see the entertainment value when money isn't involved, apparently?..
Because the vast majority of Americans wouldn't know humor if it ran up to them and bit them on the ass.
Because there is only one Stephen Fry and one David Mitchell
AND THEY'RE BOTH OURS!!! 
Because British TV isn't dumbed down and censored for small children.
Isn't it the opposite? 
No.
Children? Most of the kid's shows are smarter than adult ones.

just his face makes me laugh 
thankyou
I recently got a tea cosy. A Wallace and Gromit tea cosy no less, to go with my Wallace and Gromit tea cup. The first thing I did when I got it was to put it on my head. I am now happy to know that I am not the only one to have worn a tea cosy as a hat.
I wore tea cosies on my head all the time as a small child. It was a sad day when they didn't fit any longer.
You should just get bigger tea cosies.
I recently knitted a tea cosy for my Granny and wore it on my head to see how it looked because I didn't have a teapot. 
Are you British because i imagined you with an accent and now I just have to know  
I am, just to spare you.
I am not, sorry. I am European though, if that helps.
"Never trust a man who, when left alone in a room with a tea cosy, does not try it on"
*tea cosy  .We enjoy using the correct nomenclature.
It's a tea cosy with teapots on it, though..I think there may be confusion due to a lack of tea coasies in the colonies.
I always chuckle when I hear us called "the colonies"
You'd think 200 years would have cleared that up...
It includes Canada/Aus/NZ too, they weren't quite so keen to leave home as you were.
It just fits them so well, they're such an old country and it takes time for them to catch up.



its because you didn't pay your tea-tax
 . .. . . . . . . . ..
, we have a ., the RAF assure us we have ., although i think our land forces are only working part-time now, so if you do come at us, it has to be on a Wednesday or Thursday.
I believe this copypasta is necessary here:.What the bloody hell did you just say about me, you little colonial? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in the Royal Navy, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on the French, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in colonial warfare and Im the top imperialist in the entirety of Her Majestys Armed Forces. You are nothing to me but just another barbarian. I will civilise you with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my bloody words mate. You think you can get away with saying that load of bollocks to me over the Internet? Think again, you uncivilised cretin. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of chaps across the United Kingdom and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the invasion, lad. The invasion that civilises the pathetic little thing you call your country. Youre bloody colonised, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can civilise you in over seven hundred ways, and thats just with my gunboats. Not only am I extensively trained in beating the French, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the Royal Air Force and I will use it to its full extent to bomb your miserable arse off the face of the continent, you little German. If only you could have known what unholy gunboat diplomacy your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your bloody tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the price, you utter moron. I will shit Hope and Glory all over you and you will drown in it. Youre fucking colonised, kiddo..x-post from 
who are you calling colonial? wat u say m8? u avin a giggle? u rely wana 1v1 m8? U rely wana 1v1 m8? ill clober ur fookin noggin, Ill kik ur fookn hed in m8, I swer on me mum u will fookin dye 2day.
Because a man with a tea cosy on his head is the pinnacle of intellectual comedy.
It ain't what you tea cosy, it's the way that you tea cosy it.
You wouldn't think so, but there it is.
I read this in David Mitchell's voice. It worked well.
Wow. 
Because you shouldn't have to type

Sadly came to the comments for exactly this... I think I'm lazy... 
No no, you're just 
[deleted]
Have an upvote #fabturd.
You're calling him lazy but you couldn't even put the second d in reddit.
Your poor little forehead j:
Your poor little forehead j:
[deleted]
Your poor little forehead j:


yeah calling him a pig....ur essentially calling him fat and whats wrong with being fat?? reddit is a place for people too come get judged for things they cant help (like being fat(.i really dont see why u people have an issue with obesity get over urself for 2 sec and learn to except others for being different....
Nulla velit.
You retard, stop typing like that.
Hahaha
What the fuck happened here?
Troll account.
I swear to fuck there's a troll contest going on.
I thought the pig was funny. Don't know why, but I laughed.
My grammar hurts really bad after reading that...
My grammer hurts really bad after reading that...
 FTFY
*badly  FTFY
Not your best work Ferd, 2/10 for effort though
Its been deleted. Can you please fill us in as to what we missed? 
i love unedditreddit
, You cannot hide your mediocracy anymore!
Unedditreddit is a Firefox extension that allows you to see deleted or edited comments:

you are awesome
Is there a chrome equivalent?
There was a Chrome extension but:.I dont know about workarounds or alternatives..
I am using chrome
Son of a whore! That would have saved me a lot of time!
that is easily solvable by manually installing the extention.
I have just logged in to upvote the crap out of you people
Bugger, thanks for the info.

Reeeeeeepost:(
Are you a Tool fan?
Fake as a porn stars tits
I know the pieces fit...
Yolk
Sir/mam are you by any chance harboring a wanted Afro?
Well played iPhone, well played.
you did that yourself, very funny....

I'd buy your phone a drink if I could
IPhone, Yolo, and tool .... sounds like a recipe for a douchebag
If put in "swag" it'll probably autocorrect it to "fag"
That's right - if you want to say Yolo, you're secretly a fan of prog metal band Tool.
You successfully just made a lot of redditors on their phones check to go see if this works. I'm definitely one of them. 
It's a message from above that you shouldn't type "yolo" any more.

kill yourself OP
Apple's attempts at getting away from being associated with dipshits who actually say YOLO. 
How do you see you convorsation with that big of letters 
seems like you're bragging about owning an iphone.
seems like you're getting . at the mention of an iPhone and just reading crap into it made up in your own head. What, do you want everyone to call it a tablet instead of an iPad too? Web search instead of Google? Social media website instead of Reddit? PFFFT..Apple Haters < Jihadi Muslims
You just seem like a 16 year old girl who says "my iPhone" all fucking day to express the fact you own an iPhone. That's all.
You seem angry at 16 year old girls. I hear the Taliban are hiring.
It's much too early for Godwin's Law. Calm the fuck down.
You came in here . at an stranger out of nowhere because you THOUGHT they were "bragging" about ownership of a certain product. You shouldn't be telling others to "calm the fuck down" bro. Take care of your own fucking demons first.
someone had to
Seems redundant. 
[deleted]
I noticed that one time.
Today I realized why it's called a qwerty keyboard... I feel stupid for not having seen it before.
Yolo autocorrects to tiki in text message and holo in safari on my 5. .Shenanigans. 
If only the admins would ban people for posting utter shit
mine corrected it to tiki. i live in hawaii, but i've never even typed tiki before. my phone is succumbing to stereotypes.
It's default.
Why would you ever publicly admit you use "yolo"? 
On my friends iPhone I changed "hello" to let's have an threesome 
Tool made a YOLO song?

hey niblet 89 you are so sexy i hope this post goes really well for you
this is sarcasm right?
Yeah I'm ashamed I was typing it in the first place...
 doesn't know that we all know you can dictate autocorrect. 
Why do people still make fun of this? I've literally never even seen YOLO used in a non-facetious manner. 
Apparently it's very big among high schoolers and some younger college students. So if you had a sibling or cousin that was 16 or so, you'd probably be sick of it.
I'm a highschool senior, and nobody actually says it except people who think they're being super edgy by making fun of it. 
High schooler here, it's not that big among high school students. At least not at my school and our neighboring schools. It's only ever said as a joke. 
Another high school student here, can confirm that I've wanted to kill the vast majority of my classmates to end YOLO virus. 
I bet you're well liked
Oh totally. You can still be civil, and personable even if you have a general dislike for most of humanity.
The smug is strong in this one
The smug is strong with a large amount of the Internet.. I accept my disdain for classmates, but I wouldn't say I'm smug. There's no bursting pride I have, not to mention there are people I rather enjoy talking to. It's not like "I'm a King, you are not worthy to be in my presence, filthy street-rat!" Don't talk down to me, like you're better, prick.

Wait...shit
Just tried this. It is default. It checks out. 
Mine corrected to yolk. 
Mine, too.
Mine corrects to yolk, but if I type ., the yolo will correct to tool. It seems that iOS either uses context or historical data to improve its autocorrections. 
HowToBasic? Is that you?
Thanks bro. Lets get a beer sometime and catch a show.
This post is terrible.
Good to see you know how to use that word shortcut setting thing.
While this joke is extremely old and reposted, it actually is the original autocorrect for when you type yolo. You don't have to do the shortcut setting
Bravery level: 12.5/10

When I first got my phone it autocorrected Pokemon to loneliness. 


... Brian?
Oh shit what

OH WOW, I've never seen this before! Great post. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
I hope you're kidding you dipshit. 
Start it up and take video ...I wonder it will animate like the chocolate penguin thing.
My school janitor was pretty cool too. I remember once my teacher sent me to borrow a dolly so he could move a big stack of heavy boxes. I went out to the maintenance garage and the janitor said to me "you're not supposed to be in here". and I responded "well you're not supposed to be smoking on school property". Startled, he was like "uh, the dolly's over there...".Another time we were playing football outside for gym class and someone threw the ball on top of the pump house (small cinderblock building that had water shutoff vales and pipes in it). The teacher called the janitor over with a ladder and the whole time he was up there, he was muttering obscenities under his breath. If I recall it was something like "goddamn motherfucking ass kids make me come out here in the hot ass fucking sun and climb up this damn shed to get their fucking balls down".good times
anddd that's why he's a janitor
That's... more than a little creepy.
They are different images, so possibly, when the belt runs, it shows a moving picture.
The fact that he even has a motorcycle
lol, there's a reason he's a janitor.
Somebody please find a gif of this in action.
It's at a kindergarten. Now you feel bad.
think about the children!
I'm guessing he's into schoolgirls. Nothing to worry about. 
Classy guy. I guess that's why he has such a great job. 
dude how much money does the janitor make? i'm in the wrong business
Where can one acquire such a product, hmmm?
This is the apostrophe your school's English teacher should have taught you to use for possessives.
It's "school's" ASSHOLE
GIFs or it didnt happen
My janitor also owns a motorcycly. He's also 4'3"
Pedo
How the fuck is this nsfw?!?  Who do you work for?
exactly
The female is one of the students
You live a sad sheltered life my friend. This is not WTF at all
Only two frames of animation? Weak.
Get him away from the children
Subtext: Stay in school.
is this in the USA? how has he not been fired, put on a rapist list, dragged through the dirt and called a pedophile?? that's crazy
Gif of it in motion please 
Two completely unrelated professions mixed into one.
your janitor has a fancy motorcycle
It's "custodian", dick. 
executive sanitation inspector.
Do you ever get the feeling that nobody knows what you are referencing?...
your school has one classy janitor
your janitor sounds like a badass
And this is why he's the janitor.
exactly  
VIDEO
Because he's not smart enough to give even more of his life away to a job he doesn't care about?
because he has a job that he doesn't care about.
You seem to forget, the school doesn't possess the janitor. 
The school doesn't possess the human being in question, but it most certainly does possess the job of "janitor."  If someone is working as the janitor for a school, they are "the school's janitor."
You girls want some extra curricular credit??
Ugh, don't front page this and get the poor guy fired. You've all seen enough to guess the outcome. It goes like this: "janitor at local highschool fired after children found pornographic images on his motorcycle in the school parking lot."
too late...
Custodian, dick. 
I think the profession likely suits him.  Cleaning up after your stupidity.
I can't believe that belongs to a janitor because it's....too cool for school.
Pay attention in English class, kid.
I know right? Skipping an apostrophe on the internet? .For shame OP. For shame.
That is the only good use of an ultra fat primary belt i have ever seen. Anybody with a stupid fat primary belt on their bike that doesn't have anything like this on it sucks. I love it.  
Upvote for janitor
Nice looking bike for a janitor. 
But.... He has no dick...
Very appropriate, for someone who works at a school
Where are you working where this is NSFW?
Schools's*
Giggity
While a lot of you doing gifs are correct, there are three unique frames, they are set up in a four frame sequence. Can someone please make it so?
School janitors always have the coolest cars and motorcycles. 
I'll bet the bike pulls a bit to the left...
*school's.possessive 
I'm a janitor. I can confirm this as a janitor's belt. 
Isn't that dangerous to have the belt exposed like that? I picture bad things happening with pant legs and shoe laces. 
NSFW? Seriously?
Th only thing that could make this better is if the images turned into a video at like 69 miles per hour
Really, NSFW? Where do you work, a school?
Do . put a penny in there.

Now I wish my motorcycle was belt driven versus chain. :(
Custodian. Don't be a dick about it.
That's master of the custodial arts... Dick!
It's not a motorcycle, baby. It's a chopper.
Neat idea, but unless there's a "shutter", you wouldn't be able to see the animation.
he's probably living the dream.
That's because your school janitor ( as you NEEDED point out ) is a 100 times cooler then you'll ever be. 
Not sure where its located or if there is one. A strobe triggered off the magneto would make this work. Much like a ..
really? stick figures are NSFW?
An open primary on an evo engine? who the hell does that?.Sorry, I'll go back over to r/harley..shut the fuck up linkfixerbot
GIF please!! 
yeah you're gonna want to stay away from that guy
School isn't helping dumbass, it's school's. 
I demand a gif immediately. 
This is one of the few things this week that've made me laugh out loud on reddit..Thank you, sir. 
Gif gif gif !!!!
PLEASE get a gif made of this in motion!
You should take a sharpie and black out the pony tail on the girl. 
Ctrl+F Sharpie, was not disappointed. Upvote for you.
NSFS
I didn't want to upvote it, but I kind of had to.
Wait! I need the rest! How am I supposed to finish!?
there's a guy you want around kids...
it's a chopper baby
Shine a strobe light on that while the engine is running and you've got a porn movie.
Gif pls
that dude has a pony tail!
I would definitely set up an LED over the top of that to strobe at just the right frequency.
Ah the ol' "schools janitor" story
Fuck it.
Let me guess, and ., isn't it?
gif or it doesn't work
Probably gets boring after a few miles.
Seriously, I will never understand why the belt isn't covered by some type of substantial guard. I'm always afraid of getting my pants caught in there whenever I ride.
school's  
Classy.
He is always riding.
Anyone he is riding a green bike? That's bad juju, or so I hear from all my biker friends. Source: I'm a yuppie with biker friends
Not safe for work but obviously safe for school.
And choices like this are why he is a janitor.
school's janitor.Learn this.
CUSTODIAN, DICK.
That janitor is now seeking new employment due to being fired as a result of your post.
You know what would be a neat prank? paint the pony tail black.  Doubt it'd hit front page tho.
I bet he has a pony tail too.
They must like watching Nascar races together.
I swear I thought this was part of the Mars Rover before I saw the subject line...
That's awesome.
Belt drive? Why? Is he scared of real power?
I'm disappointed.. I thought a school janitor would have a little more class than that..
I wish we had a badass janitor at our school.
i thought it was a dude bouncing a basketball...cause... you know... school, circle on a seemingly short arm, crouched position...but now, lol
That's fucking awesome.
they are not called janitors anymore.  vomit technician or fecal engineer is the proper vernacular.
It's custodian, dick!
this could have made a great GIF
Your janitor is well paid. 
my first thought, how much is he getting paid?
how much is he getting laid?
this is also a valid question
In 1998 I was leaving high-school for the day and I saw the head janitor sitting in a fully loaded dodge viper. (I realize they are 'grandpa cars' but still expensive.) I asked him if it was his birthday or something. Turns out that dude made more money from cleaning shitters for 20 years than I do to this goddamn day..TL;DR: I told a cool story bro.
Custodian, dick!
yes, scientist?
What is that belt driving?
Oh look that lady is obviously joking, and she is on her knees so the guy giving her the heimlich has maximum leverage. That's educational really.
Who says that's a lady? I don't see any boobies on that stick figure.


For health week, the janitor rode his bike in for the kids to have a live demonstration of the 'heimlich'. "It served two functions really" he was quoted with saying. 
Joking. 
She needs to arch her back more.
The transmission
What is the transmission driving?
a chain.
Hopes and dreams.
Get a car timing light from autozone or maybe you can get your flash on your phone to strobe. Finding the right frequency could make this turn to a nice stop motion.
Who the hell would really do that? .Would . go rent a timing light for the express purpose of watching a three-frame movie on a strangers bike? .Come on, get real. .So would turning it into a .gif, which is exactly what people here have already done. 
Who would do that? Someone that wants that sweet sweet karma. That's who!
The belt connects the main shaft of the motor with the transmission.  Most bikes have this but it's enclosed (and sometimes a chain) where you can't see it.  This style is called an open primary.
isn't it dangerous? im assuming its near where your foot goes? what happens when a bootlace or cuff of your pants gets swallowed up?
If you're wearing proper gear in the proper manner boot laces and pant cuffs are not an issue. My riding boots have no laces on them (zipper and Velcro) and my pants tuck into the boots. 
I'm sorry but I'm not tucking my jeans into my boots to go ride my Harley. Luckily, it doesn't have an exterior belt in a dangerous location. 
is it as dangerous as it looks?
That's one of the reasons he's called 'Eight Toed Joe'.
How is this belt transmission safe? I see pants getting ripped and maybe part of leg..
I think that is kind of the point of doing something like this. I don't get it either.
It's called an open belt primary. The primary is the drive that connects the engine to the transmission (the secondary drive connects the transmission to the rear wheel). On most Harley-type motorcycles, the primary is a chain drive, and is completely sealed. These, while very cool (and sound cool), are completely open and can be dangerous, especially if your pants are loose. You can see the left foot controls are mounted outside of the drive rather than in front (which is standard)  which may be a design to eliminate your pant leg from being directly on top of the belt. 
This would be a big blur. Animation does not work like that.
Maybe it has a built-in strobe light that synchronizes to the engine speed. Except probably it doesn't.
You can get neon tubes to replace your spark plug wires. then it probably would work
It's entertainment for the mechanic when he does a timing check.
Every one of you has neglected the fact that OP has potentially the coolest school janitor ever.
By the way, that clock's twenty minutes fast.
I concur.
No background check is required in his school district.
or the creepiest....
You guys are bummers
Of course it's dangerous.  That contributes at least one third of the overall cool factor in this design.    
technically it's 43.6%
I don't think that it would look like anything but a blur. .Film works because the projector pulls the film one frame at a time in front of the aperture. It stops for a brief moment on the aperture plate (generally 1/24th of a second), and then it is taken away and the next one is pulled in. This intermittentcy is what makes the picture viewable, and why movies are sometimes out of frame. (when the frame is not being pulled to align with the aperture plate) It is not a continuous motion through the projector as this belt would be..(I don't know if intermittentcy is actually a word, but I'm sticking with it)
Read the comment above you. If you use a timing light you'll see it.
You are right, but if you taped or filmed it with a camera the image would animate.  I'm not sure if modern cellphone imaging systems would work, depends on how many frames per second..The other approach would be a strobe light at night.
Human eyesight has an effective perceiving "frame rate" of around 60 Hz, so given a belt revolution frequency, an appropriate spacing of these images could be chosen such that each image appears to replace the next.
Eyes don't update discretely. This would just look like a smear along the belt..Individual rod photoreceptors have an update frequency of about 15 Hz, and individual cones of about 60 Hz, but they aren't all firing in lock-step. The human eye can perceive changes at a dramatically higher time resolution. I'm assuming your number came from the fact that typical computer monitors update at 60 Hz, though. It's no more correct than people who believe we see at 24 Hz because that's what cinemas project at..It bothers me that you're getting upvotes for obvious nonsense.
Hmmm, would it take into account accelerating and decelerating? 
They do if you raspberry your lips. I've seen spokes on wheels driving down the road, individual ceiling fan blades, etc.
You wouldn't see it if you constantly looked at it. But if you look at it then look away, the brain holds the last image in your head until your eyes stop. So you won't be able to see the 'humping' occur, but you could catch a glimpse of the images..If your not convinced, next time you look at a car wheel move your eyes away. For a brief moment you will see the wheel as if it was stationary..The more you know.

opponents of ignorance care
You have obviously never played with a timing light...  Triggers off spark slug wire.  Aimed at belt, maintain perfect speed.  TADAAAA!  Could even be one hidden there under a chrome clamshell.  .OP should ask him if he has a stroboscopic light on it.  Janitors and maintenance guys are an ingenious sort...
None of what he said makes it obvious that he's never used a timing light. With regard to his comment, it's completely irrelevant and in no way negates what was said. 
I can tell the diffrence between 60 and 120 or 144 hz on my monitor
That's not . how it works..The projectionist, nor the projector stop the film progression. The film runs through the projector and the shutter opens and closes every 1/24th of a second. The film reel is running in time with the shutter speed so that each frame runs through the gate at the exact time the shutter opens, projecting a single frame on screen. The shutter then closes and reopens when the next film cell passes through the gate. The human eye can not recognize the black flicker (closed shutter) in between the film frames at 24fps. .You probably knew all that, mostly speaking for others. 
As a former projectionist, the geneva drive advances film in step motion..See here: 
I was wondering when I would see that stepper device in action
I did not know about the shutter but I recall hearing that the human eye runs at something like 23.99 fps.
Not really. We are used to watching films in 24FPS, so that looks natural to us, but the human eye can perceive framerates close to 120FPS. Beyond that, not much is noticeable, but if you have ever played games or watched videos that vary between 24, 48, 60 and 120FPS, you'll notice a difference. 
In practice, my good ol' Canon SLR can record video at 60FPS.  Combine that with a shutter speed of, say, 1/500 and the shot would be very much less than a blur..EDIT: People are downvoting me...am I wrong or something?
I read this as, "As a former proctologist . . . .".Then, I thought, "Why would a proctologist know so much about projectors? I guess maybe a lot of them film the anus."
Actually the shutter speed is usually 1/48 or 1/72, each image flickers two or three times to reduce the perception of the flickering. 
each cell most definitely stops. it isn't fluid, there's a stop and go caused by the intermitten that pulls each frame into position, then stops as the  aperature opens. the feeding of and the reading of the soundtrack are both fluid, but when its in the aperature, and on the intermitten it moves and stops..the first gear they show in this animation of a century projector . shows the intermitten and its stop and go..I've been a projectionist for 15 years, and intermittens are one of my favorite things on the planet. the part of the intermitten and the sound drum is the coolest part of projecting imo.
Projecting is a dying art. My theatre has gone completely digital. I believe all movies are now started from the front office. :( No more splicing, threading up, framing, nothing. Just on/off. although it also mean no more stupid brain wrapping. My platters sucked.
before my theatre went digital this winter, we had the same old century that i learned on. started without a platter system, literally built movies onto hourly reels and played those, had an intermission and switched out the reels, then rewound by hand on a two crank handle spits. curtains, lighting and sound were all manually set at each start. we finally splurged on a MUT, which would feed and takeup, but still on hourlys. shit was horrible. every failure was basically a canceled show.then went for broke getting a platter system. shit was fun, but i missed the intermissions and rewinding. it was always great to get off of work at my "real" job, and go have a few beers, and then hideout in the booth rewinding and listening to music..I think 35 is probably already dead.  literally no one releases on 35mm anymore. its pretty impossible to get a decent new movie in 35mm, so we went digital and now the booth sucks, its a storage closet of sorts. 
Rewound by hand? No, please tell me you had a low speed motor or something on a rewind bench. I've worked in budget strapped booths before but this takes the cake, and it does sound like it was fun.
Brain wrapping sucked, but nothing was worse than a dropped print.  .The manager at the theater I worked at in high school had a penchant for randomly switching the theater the movies were playing in, so I was basically moving prints every single shift.  No matter how careful you are, with that amount of movement it was only a matter of time before I had a giant crumpled pile of film on the floor that I now had to spend the next few hours sorting out, as well as explain to the non-projectionist manager why I can't fix it in time for the show that starts in five minutes..That was a fun day.
I'm sure people thought the same about the frequency of my house changes, but there was a method and strategy to my madness.  Wednesday releases don't help much either.  Three clamp minimum in case of dropped or loose print, but some movies have too many reels and those suckers don't reach.
can we see the rest of the bike?
Yeah, let's make sure this guy gets fired. Fuck privacy.
Dude. Chill.
Calm your tits broseth stalin
Nice try, random school administrator.
Woah internet bad ass relax. My guess is its in a school public parking lot. Bike looks like it might be pretty rad.
I feel like by telling me whoa you are the badass.
Relax dude.. everything is fine and none of this effects you. And for you to bring up privacy in a public parking lot in today's world is hilarious. 
How many nick names and relaxes do you get to offer before it's acceptable for me to tell you to "calm down, bro"?
One more. Calm down brah
Its on a motorcycle, nothing about it is safe
Hey, hey now. As a motorcyclist, this is not true. The bike is an object. What you're looking for is the loose but behind the handlebars. .Although this particular bike and others in the "chopper" style tend to have a lot of modifications one might see as unsafe. To be nice, ill just call them "different". .Moral of the story here is if you're gonna ride a bike with an open primary, don't fuck up! 
They don't call them donorcycles for nothing! It has nothing to do with the rider. Someone hits you and you're done.
Really, when a bike is up to speed and in good conditions, it's safe and stable and all that..The rest of the time, "don't fuck up" is the watchword
Again, you're saying a motorcycle is dangerous. It is an object. It doesn't fuck up without input from a rider. There are good inputs and bad inputs. If you put in good inputs to the bike, it will output good response and proper handling. If you put in bad inputs, you get a squid crashing out on the side of the road. Mechanical failures are also bad inputs. Put in crappy maintenance, receive crappy performance that could potentially mean your ass. Put in good maintenance and your bike will not let you down. Any manufacturer defects are beyond that and are just as likely to happen to your car, your computer, your toaster, your TV. Just when something fails on a bike the consequences are at a greater chance of being harmful. But, that is a risk, that in mine and many other rider's opinions, is far outweighed by the reward of being a good rider. 
Keep your head on a swivel. They're out to getcha! Ride like you're not able to ever be seen, because you usually aren't. .You don't have to tell me about the dangers of riding a motorcycle. Have you bad experiences like me while on 2 wheels? I've been pushed off the road a few times. No fault of my own. I still kept it together and didn't crash. 
Just the other morning I was backing out of my driveway to go to work. Looked both ways and everything, never saw the dude on the motorcycle, backed right out in front of him. Luckily he had enough time to slow down. I had no idea he was there until I heard him honking. I felt bad, I really just didn't see him at all. 
Chances are that guy was being a dickwad and riding too fast. The only time I've not had nearly enough time to react on my bike is when I was speeding like a dickwad. 
Also that is hilarious that rider used their horn. I don't think I've ever used my horn on my bike. If I were that rider I would have saved the horn honking and resorted to more evasive maneuvers. All signs point to that rider being a jack wagon. 
There is "This is not as safe as driving a car" and then there is "I am going out of my way to get hurt".
"I am going out of my way to get hurt" - thats when someone gets on a bike without full leathers and a helmet.
Uh. I hate to do this, like.. in front of everyone.. but I have you tagged as "Still Alive. 1/8700" -- is it possible that you could tell me why? You make way too many comments for me to dig through your history... and that is kind of creepy anyway, right?.Thanks :D
Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia survivor, I've posted about being the only one alive from a long term study that had about 8700-odd people in it.
Thanks for responding! I will make your RES tag more informative.. =D.... and damn, again. Glad you are still with us.
My dad (firefighter) says he likes it when bikers wear leathers as they're easier to clean up. 
My dad got a motorcycle and the first time my mom rode with him she accidentally touched the exhaust pipe when she was getting off. Had a nice big 2nd degree burn on her calf for a couple weeks.
A girl I dated briefly did this back when I had mine. Blamed me for months for not warning her exhaust pipes are hot. I told her that as an adult I shouldn't be blamed for her own glaring lack of knowledge. I think we're both glad it didn't work out
My dad (queer as a three-dollar bill) says he likes it when bikers wear leathers...actually I forget why he likes that so much.
Must have supressed that memory. 
A janitor.
This is why we should be allowed to upvote more than once.  Awesome.
is he helping her do yard work or something?
To quote Stepbrothers, he's "trying a yoga move on her"
Oh sweetypie...
FTFY
Well I think he trimmed the bush earlier? 
Trimming the bush makes the tree look bigger.
yes
She lost a contact lens.
Well he's not going to find the contact lense where he's poking around. 
Scruffy died the way Scruffy lived..Ayup.
Scruffy gets older, but the girls stay the same age.

Knowing nothing about motorcycles.... having an exposed rapidly moving belt seems unnecessarily dangerous to me. .Never wear shoes with shoelaces when driving it I take it?
Very common on bikes of the nature. Harley's and such are all belt driven. Shoes are indeed recommended.
A belt-driven primary is a standard component of a typical Harley motor..They're not typically exposed, however, although it's not super rare.
You're on the right track, but not completely correct. Typical Harley motors have a belt FINAL drive, meaning a belt instead of a chain to go from transmission to wheel. A belt driven primary as pictured here is what connects engine to transmission. No Harleys come with belt driven primaries from factory they are chain driven (inside the crankcase itself). All belt driven primaries are exposed like this. The only reason chain driven ones are not is to contain the lubrication.
You should be wearing boots on a motorcycle anyway. Exposed belt is better than the true oldschool alternative:
Yeah, but those looked so cool when you chromed 'em and used 'em to hold your leather pants up.
Cooler when slingin' 'em across the hood of a cage that just cut you off.
Washbucket loves you. 
The candle that burns twice as bright burns half as long. Mmm-hmm. 
Unlike ICP, I'd like to talk to a scientist on this one. Is what Scruffy said actually true?
Don't cross the street if you can't get out of the kitchen.
Like actually, or are you just messing around? .If actually, there are a lot of things that affect candle brightness and burn time, the size and composition of the wick, the size of the candle, the composition of the wax, the air pressure, humidity, temperature, etc. .So if you got a candle that was twice the size of a standard candle, with a wick twice the size, it will most likely burn more brightly than the standard candle..The true essence of the statement though, is that those that push themselves and their limits, often don't last as long. He would prefer a short vibrant life over a long monotonous or mediocre one. .Here are some burn measurements in regards to wick size from a candle-making website:
.SOURCE: I like making candles.
I was actually asking if the statement is a true fact. Does it burn exactly half as long?  Thanks for your reply about candle making. I didn't make a joke about Futurama so I got downvoted. 
Well the thing is if you had two equal sized candles of identical composition, they would burn at almost an identical temperature, since it's the wick providing the fuel. .If you applied an additional fuel to it, that made the fire twice as hot. Yes it would burn faster. If it would burn at exactly twice the speed I can't tell you, as wax is a strange beast to calculate. .Otherwise it's difficult to calculate without knowing, the length, width, density, and wick size. 
Hopefully this is good enough.
NSFW! OMG'z my boss just walked by, guise!
Actually it's not good enough, the belt includes THREE frames, not two.
[deleted]
wrong
1980's computer porn..   .Edit - great, it may not be much, but my highest ever comment, and its to do with 80's computer porn :/
If I could have been so lucky.
I'd upvote you but you're at 69 
Hey we had to start somewhere!  If not for the founding fathers..
it took up the whole floppy disk.
It's not a "floppy" disk any more.  It's a "hard" disk.  Mue hye hye hye hye hye he he he
maybe it would fit once it turns into a hard disk
A thousand school administrators just "casually walked" out to their parking lots.
That sentence read exactly like Obi Wan talking about Alderaan's destruction.
Perfect
"I felt a great disturbance in the Force, as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror, and were suddenly silenced."
That's the lowest karma I've seen get Reddit Gold, well done.
Most specific reference ever
This time tomorrow on the news ... "School Janitor Fired Over Motorcycle Belt That Appears On Popular Website Reddit."
If this happens, I will find a way to get OP fired.
Shit ain't even funny. Way to go summer reddit. Thanks for ruining this place.
DAE SUMMERREDDIT?!? XDXD
And the next day ... "Janitor's firing sparks outrage.".Then we'll discuss why people overreact to things like this when it's supposed to be funny.
Don't forget racism.
That janitor should not have been fired! That was racial profiling!"-Al Sharpton, Obama, Jesse Jackson, Eric Holder
Then far too many pizzas will be sent to the janitor. 
Despite him getting fired I'm looking forward to him being interviewed by someone wearing a Grapes costume. 
Janitor responds " I can't believe I got fired because of my fucking belt."
I see what you did there. Have an upvote.
Of all the things that need video, this is one of them.
The frame rate would probably fuck it up.
This was my instant thought 
Came here to say exactly this.
. 
What I want is a video of his shoelace getting caught in that belt when he's doing 90 mph on the freeway.
There was a video on . a couple of weeks ago showing a guy's chaps getting tangled up and going down on the highway.  I am too lazy to lok, but I think it was in TX.  
Every motorcycle owner has either been in an accident or will be in an accident.  I am so afraid of motorcycles.
Be more afraid of dihydrogen monoxide. Shit will kill you quick
And every person alive today... will die at some point!
But the average time interval between now and death is shorter for motorcycle riders.
Every time you eat out, might get food poisoning. Barfing and the shitz is horrible, but the risk vs enjoyment is worth it.  
Yeah, one is eating mostly inspected and cooked food, the other is going into traffic on an engine between your legs.  ..
Can confirm. Was cut off doing 70 mph. I am intelligent however, so I was wearing a helmet when I dropped the bike. Tons of road rash. .Bit of advice, Mederma is a fucking miracle product.
Can confirm, source: Owned a bike, was in an accident.
That's why we tuck our laces into our boots. The bigger danger is that your laces will wrap around your foot peg, when you come to a stop and try to put your foot down your foot is stuck, then you just fall over looking like a squid
Super Quick Until I Die :)
Stupid. 
Quick. 
Underdressed. 
Imminently. 
Dead. 
Had that happen a couple times. I didn't fall but boy did it scare the shit out of me
Having a lace wrapped around the kickstand tab is a trouble too. Embarrassed to think of how many times I've laughed at my idiot move..I'll quickly hop on, start up, take off, and miss a shift 'cause of a lace wrapped around the stand.
Squids look ., yo!
Stupid sexy squid.
it's like it's wearing nothing at all 
Depending upon what yer into: 
I'd even settle for a gif

It looks like she's galloping.
Looks like hes pushing away. 
It's more dominant that way 
Must be Sarah Jessica Parker.
glad someone else saw there were more than 2 frames

Yoenis!
This is the 3rd comment thread I've been in in the last 2 minutes and I've seen this gif in every single one. Is this the "trending upvote gif" of the week?
wow, this has . been made into an upvote gif? Man, reddit works fast.
It was already made into a gif the night of the derby.
I don't understand this gif.  Where is he walking off to.  Is it a home run. If it is he's going the wrong way.
It was in the Home Run Derby so he doesn't have to run the bases. He won it with that home run. 
what.. what happened.
Home Run Derby from Monday.  That was the home run for the win.
home run derby..fun note: the big arrow at the end of the gif ends up pointing at the wall where it says "home run derby"
I was so hopefull.
Not of a video, but a back-and-forth between images.
What about the last picture at the end. Where it looks like he finished?
I watched that for longer than I care to admit.
Great job but you missed one! If you look again, there is a third image where the guy is leaning back.
At first I was really confused because I thought the image was a guy kneeling and holding a basketball on his knee. This makes everything clearer, thanks.
I'm in the exact same camp as you my friend.
This is missing the pic where the guy is leaning backwards.  It's at the very bottom of the belt, and possibly under the chrome bar crossing the belt.
what kind of magic is this?!
It is missing a part of the gif. If you look at the very bottom of the belt one of the images has his hands off of the lady. That is absent in your gif. Just a friendly heads up..Edit - upon further inspection the progress of it should be In - Out - In - Dismount (hands off).
I came to the comments for the animation and was not disappointed. 
I came once I saw the animation.

That doesn't look like it's OSHA approved...
Dat Loop.
I never noticed he was doing it with his bare hands.
Every time I see this gif I can just hear the clang in my head.
For some reason, I could not lay my eyes off that gif.
Which movie is this from?
darude - sandstorm
What have you done. . . (Also +1 for username)
I destroyed an entire thread with meaningless irrelevant stuff! 
The Hobbit
Its from The Hobbit, you're welcome haha
Big Man Japan
Gran Torino
What about Bob?
Seriously??? Did you even try. What is this! 
LOTR, The Hobbit.
The Hobbit and LOTR are two different books/movies.
I'm aware. Same storyline... 

The Hobbit
They're taking the Hobbits to Isengard!
Should I go for the Blueray rip or is the DVD rip just as capable of satisfying my viewing pleasure? 
read the title of the link.
lord of the rings actually.
Mean Girls 2
Oh for the love of god I hope you were sarcastic. In which case, well done.
RIP inbox
Starts with The ends with Hobbit. So Empire Strikes Back. 
Le Hobbit
El Hobbito. 
this quite original joke gets downvotes yet "they're taking the hobbits to isengard" gets upvotes..I'll never understand reddit.
Awe shucks... thanks! 
The Hobbit
The Hobbit, have you been sleeping under a rock?
If the rock was firm and had back support of the gods. I certainly would like to! However as for the Hobbit, no I haven't really gone around to seeing it. I would really like to! 
Buy it, don't download it.
, I'll add that to my things to do. 
How did you make that? Did you just record a video of you typing it?
gewd

its the first hobbit movie (id rather be helpful than be a dick) 
The Hobbit?
Good to know! Is it one of your favorites? 
why? 
Money doesn't exist for me :( Can I please have a hug? 
You were told a few times, so I thought why not again?.But it isn't appreciated I see now.
It is appreciated! You will not be forgotten! 
The Hobbit
James bond : Diamonds are forever
No one seems to be giving a legitimate answer as someone made a joke and now everyone else is circlejerking. Fuck .. 
I will . be downloading it. 
:[
The Hobbit.EDIT: Wtf happend? I had 4 upvotes, left for 2 hours and now i have -5. I only answered a question directed at me. Fuck you reddit, FUCK YOU.
Looks like I'm downloading the hobbit :] 
Did you need to say it 3 times?
I just couldn't bare to leave you guys without a response! Everyone deserves to be recognized. 
The Hobbit
This ones the actual answer
Silver Linings Playbook
I was actually looking into this one just as you mentioned that. However I decided to snag "Brave" first after that "Pixar Theory" video in ..
Looks like I'm downloading the hobbit :] 
Keep trying, I'm upvoting as hard as I can!!
Thanks for the support man! I might have to activate my after burners to keep this baby afloat! 
it's worth the download.  please seed.
We heard you the first time...
The third time is the charm! 
I will certainly seed my friend! I promise you that. 
My genuine curiosity turned into ., which generally lead to me thinking .... and that just lead to . it all as it is.
Have my most willing upvote of the day
Reluctantly giving to both of you... 
Its from the GAME minecraft
Dude, that's tots DF. It's too dorfy for Minecraft.
Minecraft?? I have a . that wants to speak to you. 
Porkys II
You didn't even try! 
Space Jam
Space Jam, better than earth jam. Filled with Space like vitamins including Vitamin 8b, 9x, 3b and many more!
Space jam and Galaxy jelly.
BRO, you gotta hook me up. ASAP. I'll give you some ..
Back Door Sluts 9
I did not realise there was already a ninth installment of that franchise!
I haven't seen this joke around in a while! "Backdoor Sluts 9 makes Crotch Capers 3 look like Naughy Nurses 2!"
Every time I need a fake porn movie name for a joke, I use BDS9.
That movie is 14 years old..Let that settle in for a second.
So much better than 8.
I haven't seen 8, is it necessary for understanding the plot?.
I remember watching Naughty Nurses 4 and being completely baffled.
Really wish they would do a Back Door Sluts: Origins. 
No thanks, they've retconned enough.
Am I the only one still waiting for the reboot?!

I preferred the book
I prefered 
I hear there's a pop up version for women. 
The Hobbit.
Looks like I'm downloading the hobbit :] 
*The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey
You mean buying it, right?
I'm here man, and I want to. Hell I have amazon prime and netflix. I'll check their first for your sake. Just for you xSARGEx117x. Because I believe in and trust you. 
Desert... Punk?

If you are confused by all the different answers, this is where it is actually from.
LIAR!
Damn, I really thought it was Back Door Sluts 9 
Redditors remember to follow up with the bullshit responses with this comment next time.  
Thanks, Parrot.
I almost just died and killed my computer.  A random Dave Attell reference whilst walking down the hall mid-beer.  Good day to you sir.
Steel Magnolias
oh you. 
Hammers: the documentary
The life and death of Jeremy Clarkson.
you fucking glorious asshole. 
I have seen a lot of assholes, but a Glorious one, i have not.
Nailed it.
Hammered it.
Thor'd it
Mjlnir'd it.
Anvil! The Story of Anvil
YES!.Stumbled upon that documentary by mistake and loved it.
please tell me it has english subtitles!

That movie was oddly depressing
Not to be confused with Anvil: The Hammering or Anvil 2: ReHammered
I heard they wanna do a reboot, it's called The king of blacksmiths

The guy in the back at the end seems to be pretty excited by the development. He came for the graffiti, stayed for the gaffe.
wow i really respect his attempt at thug life because i too tried it when i was around his age and i failed miserably ( tried and attack this hispanic dude and got shot ) i think i heard he got freed or somethin but what ever man its cool becuz im an afterlife thug now lololol sorry im gettin all flusterd lol
The thug life has chosen.
I checked the frame, his grip was fine. Wasn't awkward at all, I'm calling it real.
Okay there Will Smith. 
you realize how awkwardly you'd have to hold the can to do this without it instead hitting your finger?.Great entertainment, good theatrics, but real? no.
i swear i saw this gif like 10 years ago
pkhmtpfkoplo
Lhhoolgmlltpkldf
I really wish this would happen to every person who tries to tag things that aren't theirs.
Dumbass.jpg
The thug life didn't choose him. He chose the thug life
This is bullshit. It old have hit his hand before it could hit his face

Spiderman never strayed to far from his superhero life....

Finally a gif of that part of the video! I always thought the extras' acting was humourous.
I call bs on this one. He would've sprayed his had not his face. Hey everyone this guys a phony! 
Toy
Tangerine -- by Edward Bloor, anyone?
Reminds me of Carl from the Jimmy Neutron movie
There's not even a finger on the nozzle of the can.
All I'm seeing is Mike Wazowski.
The thug life did not chose him!
You reposted something on the frontpage right now?
#thuglife
Let me know when he tries out a firearm. I think the "problem" will solve itself.
Especially now since he's going to be blind for the rest if his life.
I swear I heard him say "yolo" at the beginning. 
Moronic vandal deserved every last bit of that paint on his face (and in his eyes).
He wasn't the chosen one.
the funniest thing about this post is that you both posted this within a minute of each other and both got over 2000 algorithm upvotes.
Instant karma love it
Took me so long to realize what actually happened to him haha
Completely took me off guard; laughed hysterically.
He didn't choose the thug life, the thug life chose him.
I'd say life isnt for him either.
Calling it fake.  If it was a real mistake, his hand and index finger would have been in the way.
JUSTICE
That's some cold lotion. For anyone who listens to Bill Burr's podcast.
Oh my. I laughed too loud. 
Hey OP, now that . is a default sub, you can't just pull gifs off of its front page without at least saying its a x-post. 
REPOSTTS
What do thugs and tagging have to do with each other.... Nothing!
Unoriginal reposting bastard
Karma's a bitch, ain't it little boy.
Oh god thats brilliant. 
Keep that up and it'll be life itself that isn't for him.
I didn't choose the thug life. And the thug life didn't choose me either.
He needs to learn that it will choose him. 
I could watch this all day...
I laughed so hard I snorted. Thank you. 
i may have just burst out laughing at midnight in a house full of sleeping people... i commend thy.
Thy sir? What art though referring to?
When 'spray and pray' backfires 
Instantaneous karma.
Now this was funny.
Sometimes, the thug life chooses you. Sometimes, it sprays you in the face with paint. 

pretty sure this is fake yea? how do you press the botton and shoot yourself? he didn't even press it.
And then those guys pulled a knife on him and he peed his pants and they took his money..The End.
I'm more concerned about the zombies that surround him!
He can save his rep. All he has to do is make up a tale about the cops macing him for his badassery. 
"Why is your face lime green?"."Mace is a bitch."
It's like his own stupidity is giving himself justice for being a punk ass kid with no respect for his city. 
Even if this is solely a novelty account, you're still not funny.
It's been a full day and you've only got -55 karma..That's embarrassing, considering how hard you're trying.
Whenever I see someone like this, I upvote them, just to blow it back at them
I can't imagine how much sleep you deprive of those people.
Obviously fake. When the can is facing the wrong way, you spray your finger, not your face. 
You mean the nozel or tip right?
Thats what he said.
The can might not be facing directly backwards. It could be rotated slightly towards their face.
Also, what if it isn't supposed to look real? What if it's just a joke. What if it is fake. I don't care, it's funny to me.
Not even gonna give . credit? Tsk tsk, OP.
I believe I posted first, because I was the one who uploaded it to imgur and we share the same link, but nevertheless we do have a close upload date to one another.
OP reeks of faggotry.
This was literally posted today in . with thug life as the title and OP is reaping all that sweet karma. 
Aaaaand upvote for you and downvote for OP.
An upvote for you too, buddy! :)
First rule of tagging, there are two eyes in "graffiti".
I don't entirely understand why, but this is funny.
He didn't choose the thug life, and it felt the same.
NO THERE ARE ONLY TWO POSSIBLE DIRECTIONS
 
Who is that 
Always glad to see a guy succeed.
I wonder what he's doing these days......
he works at a dmv, right?
holy shit dude, good memory. I totally forgot about that
I think so! Good for him :) Off the streets and safe.
He's in Cuba as an illuminati refugee.Edit: seriously check out those conspiracy videos on YouTube. Hours of not so logical entertainment.
...Who's youtube videos?
Just start searching tupac and illuminati and keep going through suggested videos....it's a fun rabbit hole
You should see the MJ faked death proof videos.
..working on HAARP with the Majestic 12
I'm always impressed when artists paint faces really well.

/// 

pls give me downvote too
how is it so incredibly relevant?
There's a graffiti artist painting faces really well.
whoosh
Yes I get the joke. He's painting his own face. Why couldn't I just take the literall version of it?
he had one shot.. one opportunity..
I never understood this.... meme?  expression?  How do you know he only had one shot?
One shot in the Detroit scene. If you make a fool of yourself it's over.  There was no way he was going to be able to afford to leave Detroit  without getting paid to rap. 


He let it slip.
He's nervous already.
Mom's spaghetti..I'm calling it there.
For the record my mom did this with Windex. How she managed it I still have no idea, but I remember while she was in immense pain, the only words that come from my mouth were "You think you're so gangster don't you, motherfucker?"
Could someone tell me where the Mom's Spaghetti thing came from?.I mean, I know it's a line from Lose Yourself/8 Mile, but that movie/song came out over ten years ago, and I don't remember anyone making that big of a deal over the line back then..Was there some big joke in the last year or so about it? When did it get meme-afied?
That's one way to become the favorite child!

NOPE, He's nervous! 
Alright, haven't seen anyone else do it yet:.His palms spaghetti.knees weak, arms spaghetti.there's vomit on his sweater spaghetti, mom's spaghetti.He's nervous but on the surface he looks calm spaghetti.to drop bombs but he keeps on spaghetti.what he wrote down the whole crowd spaghettis so loud.he opens his mouth but the spaghetti won't come out.he's choking how, spaghetti's joking now.the spaghetti's run out, time's up over BLOW!

OH, ravioli
It's all dudes up in here, except for these spaghetti's! 
Knees weak, arms spaghetti!
There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti

[deleted]
Slim Spaghetti
Spaghetti on his balls. 
to drop spaghetti
 happened to my pockets 
but he keeps on spaghetting
What he spaghettied down
Mom vomits spaghetti on his sweater already
We got so far, and now we're here
What he wrote down.The whole crowd goes spaghetti
he opens his mouth but the spaghetti wont come out.

spaghetti! spaghetti! spaghetti! spaghetti!
Confetti!!
Slim Spaghetti
Ravioli ravioli, give me the formuoli! 
six and a half hours latell
Hmmm how is he holding the can? Wouldnt it just spray his index finger? Unless it was all planned i guess
He's holding it in his right hand so it could have sprayed at a 45 degree angle from his right hand to his face, finger would not have been in the way.
I once sprayed my face with spray paint.  It can be done.
I've done this. I was shitfaced and took the can, sprayed until the paint was dripping from my hand. As you said, it should hit the hand and not the face. But I can't see how it would be worth getting spray paint in your face for a stupid video on the internet... that shit would hurt.
I'm pretty sure he would have felt the bumb as well. Most spray can tips aren't flat but formed diagonally for better handling. And usually it feels very weird when you press the bigger part first. Can't really explain it but usually the sprayer will notice this
Maybe he was aiming angled?
I'm ashamed to say that I know for a fact that this can happen without the finger stopping the paint.
it doesn't really even look like he pressed the nozzle, or whatever you call it. kinda hard to tell though
I think this is an ad, but it's not impossible to hit yourself in the face with spray cans of stuff, I did it with silly string once, that shit burns your eyes.
Planned as in hold your finger awkwardly to the side, close your eyes, hold still then press the button but don't move the can like you would if you were going to paint something?
I've sprayed my self before. It's not hard.
Looks like he's holding it from the side, which isn't impossible. Could easily be fake, but I'd like to think there's an idiot out there somewhere with spray painted blue corneas.
It's an old ad for Sprite in Latinamerica.
Well that just ruins it. :(
First, no more politics so nobody hears anything about the NSA anymore, and now I discover that all these animated gifs of the kid spraying himself in the face are fake.  I feel as if reddit has betrayed me.
Well you could sub to. ...
Lol, like . would say anything bad about Obama
They have made multiple front page posts talking about the obvious mistakes Obama has made. Don't bag on a sub-reddit if you know jack shit about it.
If anything, . is incredibly anti-Obama.
Most certainly not. . consists of mostly liberal democrats who are for Obama, but that aren't idiots and can see through the label 'democrat' placed on the president.
Ugh, are you kidding? Too boring.
So you're exactly why reddit took politics off the default set...
I guess... I thought this was all pretty funny.  "Now I discover that all these animated gifs are fake!  I've been betrayed!"  I shoulda put a smiley face in there or something.
Your thought process..Nobody talks about the bad politics about the NSA anymore. ? Too boring.
I was joking.  Lost in text.  My fault.
I cant believe this truth is this far down in the comments. Has no one on reddit ever spray painted??
The nozzles are even slanted so that you can instantly feel if you finger is on it the wrong way
I've actually shamefully spray painted myself in the face one time doing work on an old longboard. in my defense it was dark as hell and i wasn't the brightest kid in school..
Why were you spray painting in the dark?
maybe until then he didn't realize that he was not a very bright kid?
After all the spaghetti comments you're surprised to find this so far down?
Believe it or not, that shit happened to me before. 
Maybe not everything on the internet is real and this is some gif from a fictional youtube video. Has no one on reddit ever interneted?
Who would ever DARE to lie on the internet?
People need to realize this more. Some things are just for enjoyment.
Golden eagles snatching up little kids is enjoyment... this, not so much.
fuck man, we're talking about KARMA here. maybe OP was secretly trying to trick people into believing this was real.
DON'T TELL ME WHAT TO ENJOY
What is enjoying about this video, assuming it's fake?
you must hate movies as well. and much of literature. and most of TV. and dreaming. wait, what do you not hate?
No, I like things that are well written. Or well produced. Or creative. Wait, is it wrong to hate quality?
It made me chortle.
Made me yordle
See, this is why we pissed on you, Steve
Well...childhood ruined now. 

DAE anyone else .???????
I listened to my Goodnight Blue cd story every night when I went to bed for 6 years before the disc broke. I love this show even today!
I always get entirely creeped out when I see old men at CVS only buying tissues...
Didn't he have a smoking hot girlfriend during his career? Stripper type maybe?
lmfao he was probly jackin off with them! XD    
at least he wasnt playing the peanutbutter game

SEXUAL INNUENDOS EVERYWHERE
dammit nickelodeon let me hold on to my childhood innocence .is that too hard to ask?
To clear things up about Steve, he left Blues Clues because he was balding and couldn't see himself as working with childeren all of his life. The whole pedophilia thing was a daycare owner eight years older than Steve.
Why would he need to fap? Once Blue Clue's took off, he was getting bitches on the reg. Just check out the monologue he did on YouTube. It's really good. 
My great aunt was one of his college professors.
That dogs head is a ballsack with ears. Just sayin.
Funny that you guys are talking about lucid dreams here. I once had a lucid dream and there was porn on the TV, so I thought to try to blue skidoo into the porn. I did the dance and song and everything and it worked and even made the sound effect. It was a great dream.
Just noticed Blue's face is literally just a big ballsack...
Yeah, I cry when I masturbate too.
You're thinking of a story he told about going on a date with a stripper or something. It's from the Moth. Great listen. 
I'll in-your-endo.

Childhood=ruined
Way to stay topical op
Booger Sugar...
Hey man, it's better then blasting your load on your stomach and trying to tell people it's just sun screen.
Didn't steve die of sniffing cocain?

Sniffles? More like the drips
Ah yes advertising pretending to be original content submitted by a real user. How cute. 
What would this be an advertisement for? A show that was cancelled 10+ years ago?
It's funny because he has a coke problem???
Rumour. He didn't. 
Nah, he was put on a list for like top 40 bachelors and got a bunch of hot chicks to hit him up. He went out on a date with a playboy model and it all turned out to be a scheme for the model to make her own cartoon show, and she wanted his support.
I'll just leave this right here... 
Thankfully I'm too old for this to ruin my childhood. My kids, however, love Blue Clues (not Joe though. Fuck Joe).
Joe is the worst! My kids hate the episodes with "notSteve".
I wonder what the Director tells the cast in these situations. "Wait wait... Yeah! Make a masturbation joke!"
Fuck. You.
Steve you cunt
I bet that dog was watching him when he "sniffles" :DD
Classic Steve.
Even blue knows thats not true with that look on his face
CN anyone find this video clip? I don't want to sift through the whole episode.
 Go to 0:45. He doesn't say it the way OP implied he did either. 
Oh man. I was waiting for him to say uhh before had the sniffles. Confirmed: op is a fag
Classic Garth.
YOU WILL NOT RUIN BLUES CLUES!!!!
A part of me misses this show
Blue knows... Oh does she know...
Kids TV programmes are full of sexual innuendo and double entendre, In the Night Garden is basically a sex show.
Yeah, like "Teletubbies". One can come up with lots of euphemisms, using what I call "Tubby Talk". For instance, boobs can be referred to as "Jubbly Wubblies".  
right in the gotdayum childhood 
OH GOD BLUES FACE.OH GOD
Now he can use the box to, well... ya know.
I thought this was another cumbox joke......I guess my mind is relieved......
Look at that smirk
Does anyone have a video? This is pretty fucking funny.
I'm sure OP is embellishing on that quote a little bit
MAAIIILLLLLLLLLL >< that shit scared me when i was young
Penis sniffles.
I actually know Steve Burns. Chill guy. 
Ama?
Answer: He's a pretty cool guy.
The commenter, or Steve? I feel like one would be way more interesting. Who the hell wants to listen to Steve?
"I'm a guy that knows Steve from Blue's Clues. AMA.".doesn't have a very good ring to it..
he went to my elementary school...so i guess i have that going for me which is nice
The sniffles... Down below...
Was this actually the lines from the show?

He is trying soooo hard not to laugh
They are! My daughter was watching it on netflix, lol.
God dammit. I watched this episode expecting it to be silly. .Well, it was. But I got so damn excited when I figured out they were going to make a maraca and a guitar. "A GUITAR! BLUE WANTS TO MAKE A GUITAR!" 
Dude, go outside...
SPOILERS, MAN! I'M STILL WATCHING!
"Um, no, he's behind the box.... No, uh, he's not even behind the box, he's barely obscured by the box... Look, The Cheat is behind the freaking box!! HE'S BEHIND THE BOX! I'LL KILL YA!! I'LL KILL ALL YOUR DOGS!!"
He looks cute in the bottom picture.
I always thought blue was a boy and the pink one was like his girlfriend but now I know that blue is a she my childhood has been a lie
How were you to know? Blue just says "bow ba bow". 
Maybe the dogs were lesbians
No, Magenta is a boy
So, the blue one is a girl and the pink one is a boy?.NOTHING MAKES SENSE ANYMORE!
Blue was a girls color and pink a boys color for a very long time, they didn't switch until the late 19th or early 20th century.  There's a really old newspaper article floating around online of someone proclaiming about how 'obvious' it is that pink is a color of strength and virility and clearly male.  A good example of the fact that once people are indoctrinated into something, they simply can't SEE how things could be any different.
Magenta was a girl too. 
HOW DO I EXPLAIN THIS TO MY KIDS. OH, IT'S OK HONEY, BOYS CAN LIKE PINK AND GIRLS CAN LIKE BLUE. NO. THEN THEY'LL TURN OUT LIKE ONE OF THEM QUEERS OR LAH-BEEZHINS.
welp might as well just start cumming in the empty box I guess.
One guy on Reddit already did that.

Hhhehehe. Cumbox.
Use a sock, save a tree
or a shoe-box 
This kills the sock
Pretty sure his socks could talk. 
Even. Better.
Why not? Seems like everything else did.
They only had horror stories to tell
what....what was the milk for?!
[deleted]
cum box, incoming!
The "milk" was to wash the "peanut butter" down.....Source: Porn you feel bad for after watching......
Lube

No point in wasting curdled milk.
Obligatory link to 
Damn. That was an awesome story
Awesome. Thanks for posting this. I have a 5 year old who LOVES Blue's Clues and it was great to see "real" Steve.
I'm glad he said fo'real so many times, I almost didn't believe him.
I thought you meant the video of Steve saying the tissue thing. I assume it was not actually said?
It's a great story
I came here just to post that. .For anyone curious but not enough to click it, it's a story from Steve talking about how his kind-of-famousness got him a date with a playboy model. It's worth watching.
Can vouch. Steve seems like the type of guy I'd definitely chill and have a beer with, seems super down to earth. 
Didn't he get fired for some tremendously lame-ass 'family values' reason?
Yeah I just finished it.  It was fantastic (and having 4 children, the youngest of which is currently in love with Blue's Clues) made it even more interesting.
Please stop raping my childhood. If Steve says he had the sniffles, then he had the goddamn sniffles!
I heard somewhere that he was arrested for drug possession and went to rehab, so maybe he did have the sniffles. Like really bad. 

I don't know how to break it to you, but, well, masturbation is actually really good for you.  And it's fun.  There's basically not a single reason why you should be bothered by it at all.  So, well, there's no other way to say it really:  You're fucked up.
I'm well aware of the benefits of masturbation. This was a joke.
...in his pants
Look at his face in the bottom picture. He knew what he was doing the smug bastard. 


look at the dog, hes in on it too, its like an inside joke with these two. 
Blue is a her. 
[deleted]
hokay adam savage.
ah the old reddit switch a blue
Incorrect. 
I always felt like Blue was a girl. How do you people come up with the notion that she's a boy?
Because the color blue is generally associated with boys and pink is generally associated with girls.
She is a girl. You're right actually.
Blue is usually associated with boy
Source. 

looks like the general consensus is "Fuck you, we take blue's clues fucking seriously. Fuck you.".Tough luck.
Not sure what's worse, the fact that I read the whole page or the fact that I already knew all that. Also, they forgot Green :(
I think his name in the show was "Green Puppy," which is slightly even more hilarious.
I thought it was a girl dog?
You're right, it is a girl dog.
His name was Shartruce. I...I like Blues Clues.
Then who was Green Puppy???
They called Shartruce "green puppy" in earlier episodes. When Joe came around in the latter part of Blues Clues, they dubbed green puppy Shartruce. Shartruce went from a minor background character to a minor background character with a name. 
I thought his name was Verde?! 
Then Blue would be Azul and we would have Azuls Clues. 
...Chartreuse?
I dont know how to spell. But yes Chartreuse was what I was going for.
I think he was referring to Steve.
But look at Blue's face too.
I bet Steve made blue play the peanut butter game. 
pea"nut" butter. 
colby 2012
NEVER FORGET
Yes.  Forget. 

What's that?
Dogs will lick anything that has peanut butter on it...
It's when you put peanut butter on your dick, balls, or both and have a dog lick it off.
What if your dog is a bit bitey and decides to CHOMP on some peanut butter 
you forgot your butt hole
Or your butthole.
It never worked for me.
...What did you do with the excess peanut butter?
I just had to lick it off myself
You have amazing flexibility.
or a very long penis.
The trick is removing some ribs
Calm down there Marilyn Manson.
BUT MY DAD'S FRIEND TOLD ME.
PLEASE forget.
At least you tried
Dogs like peanut butter. They'll lick it off of anywhere!
Or like my dog if they walk in on you with your pants down they'll try to lick it no matter what.  It's creepy.
Why does your dog walk in on you with your pants down so often? Do you just walk around with no pants on and doors open everywhere?
When I was in high school, almost 6 years ago now, and I'd be left home alone I wouldn't bother closing the doors while changing clothes or using the bathroom or showering, and my dog would just kinda wander around the house. 
Huh. Well cool. I guess I didn't think of that, even though I do it myself..Apologies if I sounded rude, my good man!
You didn't, no worries
What do you mean, like a hairbrush, for example?
There's a Colby joke in there somewhere...
If anything's "in there somewhere," I think it would be the hairbrush.
There it is.
Childhood=ruined
Your childhood and the great memories are still there.
I remember this motherfucker told me I could just change my dreams if I was having a bad one. 
I'm not sorry. You were a brat when you were a kid. 
Hey that worked for me, it was my first experience of lucid dreaming.
I would like to plug this in here:.Check up on the sidebar and read the recommended books. As soon as you feel like you are no longer a beginner to lucid dreaming (abbreviated as LDing), get over to .. Afterward just read up on hardcore LDing books (like .) and do some research on dream yoga..Most importantly always remember to keep a dream journal/voice recorder! You can kiss your chances of LDing goodbye if you can't even remember your dreams.
Thank you!.What if I can remember SOME dreams, but not all?
I once realized I was dreaming so I decided to kiss my crush, which lead to her and everyone else staring at me in utter shock for a solid minute while I freaked out before waking up and having a good laugh.
Star Trek Voyager taught me that if I see Earth's moon in a dream, then I know it's a dream and I should tap the back of my hand 3 times and I can take control of my dreams..hasn't worked yet.
TV often isn't like reality.
and internet comments are often not supposed to be taken seriously...
 
I always have very lucid dreams , If shit starts looking bad I just slam my head into anything indream and end up somwhere totaly else.
That statement reminds me of the game, LSD: Dream Emulator so much...
I had a fairly odd dream (masquerade ball at my grandparents' house, uhhhhh) and I walked around, the moment I saw my family I bolted into one of the recliners, face-first, and woke up after dragging my face out of my pillow. I was momentarily unsure if I had just achieved the power of teleportation.
I would jump off the top of the stairs and wait for that awe full falling feeling and wake up.
when i have a nightmare and i can tell im in a dream, i squint my eyes like hiro's time-stop ability from heroes and nope the fuck out
Holy fuck that's exactly what I do. Is this common?
this is alot like me but insted of slaming my head in the dream i just seem to do it in real life .-.
I'm going to assume your grammatical and spelling troubles stem from the one time you tried that and weren't asleep...
Oh shit suprise test! BAIL OUT BAIL OUT ! 
I've never had an instance where I knew I was lucid dreaming so I willingly changed it, but I did have two dreams (one was just a more in-depth repeat of the first) where I was being hanged on a cruise ship. During the second one, instead of waking up in a weird panic, I managed to bring up a "start menu" screen like older games had, and selected "Quit game". That woke me up. They were both in third-person view..That/those are one of the only dreams I can remember having
Yes the quit game works for me too , also does save game. I've had dreams where I could repeat it from a certain point , but usualy things always go bad and I die :(
I have semi lucid dreams... I have trouble controlling then but I'm lucky and practiced enough to have sort of TV station dreams... If I feel myself slipping into a bad dream I can just change the channel and try some other arbitrary dream. It's helped me a lot because I had consistent horrible nightmares for a long time before I got the hang of it. 
I used to rub my eyes to wake myself up. 
Sounds like that Ps1 game called LSD
When I realize I'm dreaming, I wake up every time... 
What if that was reality, and that you're putting yourself in an extremely boring coma.
Damn you're some kind of dream wizard! "I MUST GO, THE OTHER HEMISPHERE IS KIND OF NICER TONIGHT." . 
:D.When I deam that I am at a party and suddenly everything gets dark and everyone dissapears , its a good idea to "DONK" my way to nicer places where the dreams bad stuff hasnt been to yet.
Me too,.. just not the head thingy,.. more like jump from great heights. But oh boy,.. if I realise I'm dreaming a bad dream, there is always laying a chainsaw around.
Teeth falling out
My Grand mother had that dream 4times in her life , she remembers so well cause everytime she dreamt it a week or two later someone she loved died. Execpt the 4th one , after the 4th (about 2weeks) they told my father he has 8 tumors in his body and about 2months to live , 3 years later and he's working and living like nothing happend. 
i have that dream at least twice a month, now i'm terrified
It has 2  interpretaions..1: What I said above.2: Your subconscious thinks your ugly.
I usually just start flying in lucid dreams, but most likely, I try to wake up and it turns out I am still in a dream. 
Imagining a person just randomly bashing their head against stuff and suddenly teleporting to new locations now. More hilarious than initially anticipated.
I am a lucid dreamer too. I have trouble fighting and moving suddenly in a dream. I recently read that in REM sleep, the part of your brain that controls movement is suppressed, and that's why it's hard to fight the monster/enemy/bully and your punches come out like jello. But the benefit is that you don't beat the shit out of your wife when you're asleep.
My grandfather always fights in his dreams , he is a gigantic ex-wrestler and boxer. My grandmother got punched and kicked off the bed a few times (they are 72). Also one time my mother woke up to my dad pissing in the corner of the bed room , turns out he thought he was on a beach.
I tend to be more like Neo at the end of the first Matrix movie when he stops the bullets: I'll put my hand out in my dream and be all "No, that's not what's going to happen, this is how it'll go instead", and pretty much just change the dream to be more to my liking.
My worst one is very tricky , I am at home Its like I just woke up in the middle of the night , the only thing different is when I turn on the lights they dont light up the room , they only have this dim orange glow. When I realize this is when I make a run for the stairs and jump off and nope the fuck out. If I dont do that in time and just wander around womthing always catches me and suffocates me till I wake up in sleep paralyzis and need to use all my streangth to wake up my body.
Something similar happens to me.  I'll be upstairs or in the basement(never on the main floor), and the room will be dim(not totally black, but too dark to read).  I'll go to turn on a light, and it'll turn on, but won't illuminate anything.  That's when I realize I'm dreaming.  If I don't get down or up the stairs immediately, Bad Things happen.  Once I reach the main floor, I'm usually okay..I've only had the paralysis thing waking up a few times.  It was scary as fuck. :( The worst is when it happens and you can't take a breath in.  It feels like it lasts for hours, but it's probably only a few seconds.  Still, worst way to wake up, ever.
Wait, why is this a common thing with dim lights and needing to reach the main level of the building? 
This is why I'm glad I never have lucid dreams.
Its quite fun..Im at the mall , guys come in with AK-s and start killing everyone , bang my head into a wall , restart on the bad guys side and fill everyone with lead.
Lucid dreams =/= sleep paralysis.Sleep paralysis can serve as an excellent gateway to lucid dreams though
~
Dude, me too. That or I'll slide off my bed and just spin around and around until I have to will myself to wake up. It's the strangest thing..
Sleep paralyzis happened to me during a midnight earthquake. I knew I was awake (kind of) but I couldn't move or wake up fully. I remember I didn't dream in motion just pictures that changed depending on if the ground was shaking or if it was a "pause". If it was shaking it was a dark sky with a volcano having a eruption and if it was "calm" it was a mountain with some snow on the top and it was very tropical around it..Happened 4-5 years ago
My one ability is rolling my eyes to wake up. Slamming my head into things sounds more fun.
I've only ever had one lucid dream and as soon as I realized I was lucid I immediately tried to turn it into a sex dream.
Happened to me, but the girl didn't want to..And then she started ..
Are you really able to spawn anything you want in a lucid dream? I have these weird partial lucid dreams where I know I'm dreaming, but I cannot control anything. 
It was almost like that. I didn't spawn anything, but when I realized I was lucid I just ran out of my house to find something to fuck. But it only lasted a minute because my mind was all foggy and groggy and I slipped back into an unconscious dream before I could really do anything.
Are you my dog?
I am extremely experienced at lucid dreaming..Yes, it is possible to spawn anything you can think of while lucid dreaming (I haven't proven myself wrong yet). At one point during my lucid dreaming craze I bent the space around me to create something like a wormhole that I then stepped through. I then stopped bending the space around me, which was very cool to do because I saw the space around me distort itself back to shape..I also simulated what would happen if the sun were to disappear (well, I already knew what would happen in real life, but it's still cool to see it happen in dreams). The planets went off of their orbit in succession after some time delays, which was neat-o to witness. I think right after doing that I placed myself on a tiny planet that revolved on its axis about once every 15 minutes, which created some nasty sandstorms that would sometimes leave me in utter darkness because the visor in my spacesuit (I was in a spacesuit at the time) would get covered with dirt/sand. The planet I was on orbited pretty close to its sun though, so it was cool to see a white star up close..I've had a bunch of other crazy lucid dreams, but yes, I am fairly confident that it is possible to do anything that you can imagine in a lucid dream..By the way, do you feel that your life is controlled by others, or do you feel helpless in some way? Most people I've met tend to have control problems because they doubt themselves in some way or they have some issues that occupy their mind the majority of the time.
My dreams turn lucid frequently.  I used to have a trump card whenever a nightmare turned lucid, as I'd just run outside and give myself the ability to fly, leaving the nightmare behind in most cases.  Lately, however, my dreams have gotten more devious, and whatever's chasing me often gains the same abilities I give myself. :(.If it's not a nightmare, I'm totally with you.  Sex dream all the way.
Holy moly, mine exactly. Learn to fly miles away from monster and find bag of gold and have sex with pretty woman. Who's that running towards me in the distance and gaining fast? Aw fuck...
A lucid dream is simply when you are aware that you are dreaming during the dream. Sometimes you can cause things to happen or change the environment, but it is not a requirement for a dream to be considered lucid. 
i tried to have a lucid dream once. didnt work. a month later i tried without realizing and ended up in a cold dark blue room with giant cuberocks. everything was frosty. once i realized i was lucid, i panicked and woke myself up. 
I started levitating and flying round the in dream neighbourhood.
Reading and certain Movies/Video games before sleeping make it more frequent , I usualy get them 2-3 times a week without even trying.
I've had one but everything around me went out of control and I got flung into a black hole which led to a series of false awakenings. I wonder why the brain fights consciousness while dreaming? I was interested into the whole concept of lucid dreaming and through the techniques I learned came about that experience, it was amazing but uncontrollable which just makes it freaky. 
I had one lucid dream. You know how in dreams everything is really weird but it seems normal? Well not in this one. I knew something was up. I had a friend of mine pinch me and as soon as I realized I didn't feel pain, my first reaction was to try and wake up, but I immediately changed my mind and tried to stay in and do cool stuff. This didn't fly with my brain, however. I became conscious yet unable to open my eyes or move. My head felt like it was rushing and I kept hearing fucking crazy whisperish noises in my ear. I was literally thinking FUCK THIS IS CREEPY MAKE IT STOP until I finally officialy woke up. Fuck lucid dreaming
I always have these things where I'm not actually asleep but I can't move. I know i'm not asleep because everything around me is literally the exact same as when I went to sleep and there are still people moving around me (when I sleep somewhere where there are people). I hear some sort of low-pitched noise that gets progressively louder and louder until it stops and then I can't move, but if I move when it hasn't stopped then I wake up and everything is back to normal. There also seems to be times where I never close my eyes and I'm laying not being able to move and the space around me seems to distort as if I was consciously about to enter a dream universe, but this is just a theory because I, or perhaps anyone, have never consciously moved from the real world to a random dream world. i don't know, but whenever this thing happens when I can't move it really freaks me out and the only way I know of to fix it is to try really hard to move my arm until it jerks and im awake again.
Sleep paralysis right?
Man I wished I could remember my dreams. I haven't remembered a dream in over a year!
I wish I didn't ever remember my dreams. They annoy me.
I wish I had dreams.
Did it work?
Nope. It was weird, I understood that I was lucid but my thinking was still sluggish and dream-like, and within like a minute of me realizing my lucidity something in the dream happened that made me forget I was lucid..The plan to turn it into a sex dream didn't last more than 30 seconds. There wasn't much of a plan anyway. I basically just ran out of my house with the intention of sexing it up. Wasn't sure where it was going from there.
I do the same thing whenever I have a lucid dream.
In my only lucid dream, I tried to fly. I was indoors, so hitting the ceiling at some 200 mph woke me up instantly. 
Same here, but for some reason I just said out loud "Bring me Megan Fox." Not even kidding. Then suddenly after I said that everyone around me in my dream ran up to me and started beating the shit outta me. And it lasted a while too. Then after a good 5 minutes of getting punched and kicked in my own dream, I woke up.
Bad Luck Brian?
Who?

I laughed way too hard at this 
I laughed the perfect amount at this.
Redditor for three hours, fuck this guy
Those were your girlfriend's punches after she heard your desire.
My dream people really hate it when I point out it's a dream and they're not real. It's frightening.
I tried something similar once and ended up in a supper Nintendo jurassic park game.
Whenever I lucid dream, I'm often half awake/half asleep, so I'll accidentally say some shit like this out loud. I remember staying with my cousin in the same bed and saying "No, I don't want to clean up my own cum." Fuck, he looked at me weird.

In mine, the surrounding characters get hostile and then start to come at me too, it seems the more I . to change the dream, the more irritated and hostile they become
Holy shit, that kind of sounds like Inception.
That's fucking hilarious. It only works of you're confident that you're in command.
It's your dream. Every aspect about the dream from the people in it, their personality, the laws of physics in the dream, and everything else is only there because your brain subconsciously put it there. You are always in control and for some reason when people get scared or their dream goes in a way that they didn't tell it to, their lucidity suddenly vanishes, but as long as you have the ultimatum that "this is my dream. I don't care what you look like or what you do, i will always have control." (which is very, very hard to do, even for experienced lucid dreamers) then nothing can go wrong and everything you say should happen..And that's another mistake that some people might make, because even though the entire scenario is in your head, it still usually only works if you actually say what you want to happen out loud, that way you can let the people in your dream know who is in control.
Your subconscious became aware that you were unsubtly trying to alter your dream and attacked you because of it. Be more subtle next time.
wait fuck is this true or are you just referencing Inception? because that's scary as shit
Nah I was just referencing Inception. Good catch. To be honest I have no idea regarding the ramifications of altering your dreams via lucid dreaming as I don't lucid dream.
I'm extremely experienced with lucid dreaming..It depends on how comfortable you are with yourself and the stuff you have watched/read/heard/seen up to that point. I've had lucid dreams where I'm incapable of performing a certain action because I had some doubts of my own capabilities yesterday or some day closeby. I've also had lucid dreams where I am incapable of moving certain parts of my body (my eyes serving as a main example. Sometimes I'll get something like sight paralysis where I can move my eyes, but my sight seems frozen in one particular moment of time. This sucks REALLY bad when a nightmare-ish creature is trying to catch you. Being clawed to pieces by the bloody mary is extremely painful and scary, especially if you can't see where you are going. Thankfully I think I've grown out of this problem, since I haven't had it for a long time now)..Except for encouraging my horniness when I was a sex-crazed teen (I've had so much dream sex. It's ridiculous the amount of times I've done it. It must be at least 100 times), lucid dreaming has not really affected me negatively in any way. It's a bit annoying to wake up and try to recall about the dream you just had (and then write it down in the middle of the night without turning a light on), but that's not the issue at hand here. 
So you've been doing it for a while, I assume..I rarely dream and even more rarely remember the content of the dream. Last night I had a pretty good dream that involved a costume concert featuring a full length live performance by both Rise Against and Disturbed. I don't particularly listen to either of them, but know a lot of their songs. I've also seen Rise Against live twice when I was there for other bands. I remember a lot of details vividly, such as the songs both bands played, the fact that the audience was complete shit and not really into the music, and that for some reason I had rollerskates on. Anyways that's a mostly unrelated tangential topic.. lol..I've never had a sex dream really. The only time I remember "lucid dreaming" was a dream with a girl I had a crush on and I became aware of the fact that I was in a dream. So I tried to fuck her to no avail.. Lol. Specifically I remember trying to penetrate her navel. No bueno. It's like I was aware of the dream and what I can do but it held me back from going through with what I was trying..One question I have is do you actually feel pain in your dreams? I don't recall ever . pain in a dream. I've definitely felt fear of pain, but never pain itself.
You're not that far off, many of my lucid dreams have gone exactly that way.. The more or more quickly I try to change my dream, the more nearby characters in my dream begin to get angry and faceless and murderous. It's become terrifying once or twice. Woke up in cold sweat..I've always felt like that "other" that was becoming irritated was a stronger part of me, that had somehow realized I was usurping it in attempting to control the dream, and attacked my conscious mind to attempt forcing me (conscious mind) from waking up, back in the cage or conscious reality..Edit: Much as the whole greater body, you, may "attack" a cell that decides, while taking a break from its reality as a component of a system (sleeping), decides to attempt to alter its fate in the "dreamworld" of your body. To it, your body is a whole new world, as to you, the dream may appear to be a whole new world. But to the dream, your intrusion and attempt to change your "role" in the dream appears to be the exact same situation as a cancer cell finds itself in.
The last time I had a lucid dream, and it was about my crush. Once I entered lucidity, her face disappeared and I was horrified. I didn't want to lose her, and for some reason I thought "This is because of the lucidity, I have to let go." So I gave up the lucidity,and everything went back to normal. .It was a weird experience.
I also have the faces blur

Man I know that feeling. My dream characters turned zombie on me once mid-lucidity and I got to watch myself get eaten by my mom. That was odd.
Oh, mum! 
I had a lucid dream where i was in some sort of gas station/diner with a bunch of classmates and they were like, trying to attack me or something and when i realized i was having a lucid dream I said something along the lines "This is my dream. You only exist because I thought of you. You better back up off me or very bad things will happen to you.". For some reason, instead of people getting horrifying or murderous like they seem to in other people's dreams, in my dreams they all just get real quiet and look around awkwardly and have this face that basically says "Well, fuck." until the dream ends. I wonder why.
This probably happens because you think about it or expect it to happen, I've never had this happen to me.
Wow, the human brain is a crazy fucking thing.
After doing a bit of reading, it seems that Chris Nolan is suspected to have used lucid dreaming as an inspiration of sorts for Inception.. As well as being believed to be a lucid dreamer himself..If I could lucid dream, I would try my best to just "Explore" the dream and use the dream's circumstances to the best of my ability. As opposed to trying to alter the immediate setting of the dream by changing the locale or adding other "cast members" to the dream. .I say I would try my best to do that, but I'm sure once you've discovered the ability to dream lucidly, that power can be "intoxicating" and drive you to want to push the boundaries. A good comparison would be when Ariadne discovered she could alter the dream in Inception and pushed it as far as she could, resulting in her being mobbed.
That explains why gravity suddenly turned off in my only lucid dream. It woke me up and confused the hell out of me.
I actually did end of having sex in my dream with a crush I had back then. After I finished up she randomly started kicking my ass I could barely make a fist. After I got murdered  or some shit I worked with sticky undies. That's one example but I had even weirder ones.
She kicked your ass because you had trouble making a fist? That's a kinky dream!
Because of the word "worked" I pictured you falling asleep at work, dreaming of sex and ass kicking, and then you woke up and had to finish your shift with them sticky undies. Consequences.
Oh shit my bad lol. I meant to say "woke". Damn iPhone autocorrect.
Please, continue...
Ah, this just made me think of how shitty I am at fighting in dreams. It's like no matter how much I try to put force behind punches, they end up in slow motion or some shit. Does this happen to anyone else?
Tl;dr- I have the strength of a 2 year old girl in my dreams for some reason.
Yeah I can't yell either. Only a tiny shriek comes out. 
This happens to me CONSTANTLY! After while the person I'm trying to fight starts laughing & my screaming will come out as a whisper.
yep. had a dream once about a girl who has tried to get my boyfriend to cheat on me. i kept trying to punch her, and it was like my arms were noodles. and sometimes i even missed her by a LOT. i think i finally ended up just killing her with a sword in the dream.
I can relate. I always have dreams w/ crazy weather... Such as a massive tornado, or giant tidal wave about to crash on me... And I can never manage to get my ass to move out of the way to safety. It's almost like, my dreams are a movie, and I'm subject to watch what happens... Sort of like a spectating a game.
For me, running in dreams is so annoying. It's like I'm running for my life, but in slow motion while tripping over EVERYTHING. Meanwhile, the enemy can run just fine.
Have you ever punched someone before? Your brain may not know how to associate punching someone into a feeling..Source: avid lucid dreamer
Me too. The worst part is that I tend to punch whoever is in bed with me when I'm fighting in dreams.
Read about this a while back, the reason that happens, and because it feels like you're running in water in your dreams is because the part of your brain that controls the movement is shut off when you're dreaming. This is to stop you from re-creating your dreams. I imagine sleepwalkers have that part of their brain turned on at times, and that's why they essentially act out their dreams.
Had the slow-motion issue for a while when I was younger. Not very much now, although there was that time I was fighting someone, then somehow it turned into a water/lightning bending match. Was pretty cool with the slow-motion. 
I used to have this problem back when I was younger..I've found that practicing the movement of my limbs while paying close attention to how the motion feels helps remove this problem. It also helps to visualize the movement of your limbs while you are moving them around in real life; that way you can visualize your movement while dreaming and expect your dream limbs to react the same way that your real life limbs would.
I read somewhere the reason why one feels weak and slow like when trying through a fist or run is because your brain actually tries to us your real as and legs. So when you want to punch something your brain tries to use your real arm but the body is in a sleeping state so it has a hard time trying to use it. Same thing with running; if you run slow in a dream your brain wants to use your real legs but can't. I don't of this is true but its a good theory.
I've actually landed a successful punch In a dream it took all my strength but I punched the guy and he looked at me with a surprised look, then I woke up and my hand hurt cause I had punched the top of my bunk bed. So what your saying actually makes sense to me.
Yeah, most of the times it's that way in dreams but when you do land a kick or punch in a dream, you actually do it in real life.  I remember getting chased by a mountain lion.  I fell and was laying on my back and when the lion got close I kicked it as hard as I could and landed the kick.  I woke up to a loud bang of my foot glancing off the side of the wall next to the bed.  If I was a square kick, I would have ended up having to patch a hole in the wall.  Instead I ended up with a sore foot.
I'm a virtual Superman in my dreams. What is that supposed to mean?
You are superman IRL.
Did you write that post while you were asleep?
I have this problem sometimes in dreams, but only if i'm trying to do something at a high level. E.g I can't punch with all my might but if I try less hard it's works perfectly. I can't cream at the top of my lungs but a quiet(er) yell works fine. 
Well it would make sense because the few times I . been able to fight back in a dream, I was apparently half-conscious and ended up headbutting my girlfriend while she was sleeping, and pushing her off the bed.
Holy crap this happened to me a lot. The one I hated the most was driving in my dreams. my breaks sucked soooooo much -.- always had to slam my breaks feet before I actually needed to stop. Still managed to hit cars in front :/ 
Wow, I didn't realize other people had the same problem. It is the worst feeling ever. I also trip in my dreams a lot. 
Oh shit, this happens to me all the time as well, no matter how much I jam the breaks down it never works well enough.
I had this!!! The car brakes thing! It was so infuriating thinking I'm about to crash into people and lose my no claims bonus :(
I dreamed this "brakes not working" dream too.  And specifically in those dreams, it was never about being in life-or-death peril due to brakes not working... it was always about dreading the financial implications of low-speed collisions... like rear-ending people in stop-and-go traffic.  I'd push SOOO hard on the brakes, and they were like sponges... I had to compress them so much to get them to work at all.  And I'm looking up in my dream, desperately hoping my car stops before I hit the bumper of the guy in front of me.
I had a similar dream, but it wasn't that the brakes weren't working exactly, it was that I couldn't figure out which pedal was the breaks, like it kept switching or something.

Oh okay. Well I had this one dream about 10 or so years back and I was with my cousin who was 5 at the time (he's 16 now). It was just him and I chilling and walking by a cliff of a high mountain. I was holding his hand so he won't fall down this cliff but then diddly he looks straight into my eyes and started talking fast with a deep demonic voice that I had no idea what hell he's saying and them he through me off the mountain and as I was falling I went into slow motion; right before I was going to hit the bottom I took flight and them I realized I was in a lucid dream so I turned myself into a fighter jet like a transformer and bombed the fuck out of my cousin. After that I tried to switch it into having epic sex with hot girls but them my mom woke me up cause I was crying in my sleep and I was late for school. Shot was crazy.
turned into flanders there for a second.
I hate it when i randomly get diddly posessed by flanders. 
You really are a polite dickhead!
That's your subconscious trying to say "You have all of humanity available to bang without consequence, and you chose her?!"
Spot on.
She has an Adam's apple.     She's a dude, dude.
Her?
I was being kind.
Is she funny? 

I was young and horney and I just finished watching the first transformers. It was the first thing that came to mind.
Young? That was 6 years ago..Holy shit... that's a lot more time than I expected.
Summer Reddit, where ..
That movie is 6 years old? Hearing about this movie is like yesterday to me. 
Fuck you and your stupid fucking summer reddit shit
FTFY
and she was . fucking hot in that movie.
Cool!
Not funny-- r/awesome
I laughed at first seeing the paper rip but then the horse and the scenery!? 
This is pretty cool, but how is it funny?
I Refuse to read this book....Where would be the fun in life?
I've read a little bit... I haven't shit may pants in a while.
Chapter 1: No, It Is Indeed Not "Fine"
Tried to read the first chapter. Immediately got a paper cut and spilled coffee on laptop.
No but you can write, just follow me around and do the opposite of what I do.
Like every book, I just read the synopsis on the back and then completely fuck everything up. Just like middle school book reports
I dunno not fucking something up for once in my life may be fun.
Chapter 2: "Do whatever you want" means exactly the opposite
Chapter 3: "What do you mean, you . look gorgeous, Babe."
Chapter 4: "Of course I love your parents they're always so nice to me"
And the prisons filled with all of the ones you mentioned and more :)
Also to consider, the vast majority of US imported oil is actually Canadian. A very small percentage is Middle Eastern let alone Saudi.
All the legal, educated immigrants who can build those items are welcome. 
Pizza is Chinese and my electronics are Japanese..and so is my car. Nice try though
I needed to check what subreddit i was in. Nope, Still in ..
Who is complaining their neighbor is an immigrant?
Actually, my vodka is Swedish, my electronics are Chinese and Japanese, and my movies are from pretty much everywhere.
American democracy is nothing like Greek democracy
List is completely incorrect
I went through the whole thing and mentally was saying "nope, no, nah, wrong" ect. List is bullshit. Sorry no disrespect. But it's bullshit.
Kick his ass seabass
yeah agreed. my electronics are japanese
And my cars American ond Korean 
Quit being a lil bitch
What is the kid doing?
I swear, James is never happy
Oh man, too perfect.
Don't have a whale, man.
Well, at least he didn't piss off Diesel. 
For some reason, I thought I was going to see the television underneath the stand. Not sure what I was thinking...
First of all, this is fake. Not only is this fake, but it has been on here MANY times already. GAAAAHHH
Thanks for the best laugh I've had all week at work. The Mcdonald's part is absolutely priceless 
This is the best thing I have read in quite some time.
It made me laugh and I've never seen it on here (which probably means others haven't seen it), chill out.
Haha why is it not 10000000 degrees in Texas, sure as hell fells like it is:/

Pfft, like the Bay Area is cool, keep dreaming southern cousin.
78 in el paso? Bullshit
Dude not cool (with regards from Baltimore).
How is it hotter in Colorado, than in Texas? My mind is blown!
Oh my god... you're a tripod...
Must.. Not... Make... Pitching a tent... Joke...
They must really be pitching a tent zing
 
Reminds me of this Fast Show sketch: 
It'd just be a blanket for you OP.
And where might a distinguishing consumer purchase a Fully Erect tent?
Company trying too hard.
that is intents
Anybody have this photo without the text? OP?
Between the words "fully erect" and the guy pitching a tent - O don't think the text was necessary.
This is the winter of my discount tent.
He has the weirdest shaped penis.
I like chicks with nice tents. 
So explaining jokes makes them funnier now?.That was a sarcastic quip about how OP is explaining a joke..And that was a meta joke serving as the logical extension of the second joke..Crap. Is it too late to start a rabbit hole?
Looks like he is a happy camper.
Not Safe For Woods
Need.
me and my friend found this tent at a festival recently:
Some might say it's.....
lold
How is this not intentional?
Looks in tents.... intense.. ugh
thatsthefuckingjoke.com
Thatsthejoke.jpg
I knew a guy who had one of those tents for many years. Worked great when he was younger, but the tent developed a sag over the years...
There are several criteria for a tent. Knowing a guy isn't one of them..*I mean, that's ok. There's nothing wrong with that... but I'm more concerned with it weighing less than 20 pounds, taking five minutes or less to put up, not having to treat the fly with water repellant because its made of sponges, carrying 60 pounds of gear, cooking everyone's food, and no one wants to be here in the first place and FUCK ME AM I THE ONLY ONE WHO KNOWS HOW TO USE A COMPASS?.*yes prove__it. Yes you are the only one who wants to be here and fuck your compass. That's why you started drinking coffee at 10 and eating cinnamon buns with the scout leaders..Personally I blame Sunny D

Here 
Shit Yeah! OP delivers!
[deleted]
Ohhh, so close. Well thanks for playing OP, did you have a good time being with us today?
Now that's how you pitch a tent.
I had to check the comments and make sure someone made this joke. Good job, sir!
Camping is fucking in-tents. 
I came here to say this. Good game. You win for being first.
Thanks, a nod to you for knowing the joy of camping. 
Way to make a joke about a joke
...wait was that a joke?
The name and logo are much funnier than the stupid words at the bottom.
This doesn't need the text at the bottom.
Lemon key face
The shaft is missing though...
Literal meaning to "going up?"
That is why it's an elevator with a double door: 
Or a tampon

Well that was scary
EDIT: For anyone that sees this and is confused as to what he's doing, those two red arcade buttons are killswitches. Push it, and all audio output from the guitar is killed. Release it, back on.
Sorry for the lack of explanation.  He's a guitar player of some renown, calls himself "buckethead"
Northern Tool & Equipment has a history of humorous advertising.
For every rule, there is a precedent.
I don't take orders from buckets.
You bucket head
When I see things like this I think, "Yep. Someone tried that.".Then I try to visualize how it went down. I laugh..God, I am so alone.
I don't think they would understand after they already put it on their head...
They didn't say anything about a helmet..... 
Somebody probably tried to do that once, and that's why the warning label is there.
There's a story behind behind every warning. 
A good warning, but they printed it upside down...
Some one had to have done this for them to put that there.
There go my Friday night plans
Do some research and you'll find its a pretty cool company it was started back in the 80's by one guy and has grown from there.  I bet they were going for the humor, its a pretty cool place..Source: I work at northern tools..Edit:  Just a fun fact we have a sign above the carts that says "Congratulations on needing a cart!"  Its a pretty corky place.
Tell that to Buckethead.
Can anyone else see all the creepy faces in the bricks?
Everytime I see a security advice like that, I think to myself: "someone did this, then they had to make the warning". My favorite is a sign a device that generates pressured air:.Poor guy.
One wonders what story is behind this warning.
I have this same bucket from Northern Tools on my back porch.  One morning I was having breakfast with my nephew and he saw it through the kitchen window.  We made up a whole story about "Jack", a guy who's always late to work in the coal mine and one day he shows up without his hard hat, but he finds a 5 gallon bucket.  
Childhood ruined, next they'll be writing that on collinders.
A technical writer will tell you that you have to imagine that you're writing warnings for the stupidest person that could possibly use the product..This just means someone has done it.
It's northern tool, it probably is a joke.  Look at the posters at their stores.
I was wondering if anybody else in here knew this. All their merchandising is very smart-assy.
I guess . isn't the right demographic
Yeah it makes you wonder how stupid people can be, prob just looking for a friggin payout. Saw on a set of off brand speakers "not to be used as headphones" 
I have a thirst from Northern Tool that says "Stand Back.  I'm about to make a crazy bunch of noise"
like . cares
Soon to be added to Team Fortress 2...
Oh, here it is!
I am a little disappointed by this.  They should have covered up "eed" with "core" reusing the "s"
That just makes me want to use it as a hard hat.
Or if you're Justin Bieber, you could use it to piss in.
You belong .
Edit: Fucked that up.
you totally fucked that up.
Unless you're Gerald from Hey Arnold.
I hope you weren't either.
The cynicism in this thread is ridiculous.. If it wasn't, the letters would be much smaller.
I don't know how big that is, but there are stories of little kids choking to death using a bucket with a wire handle as a hat. Somehow the bucket falls back and the wire handle gets stuck around the neck. I would think people would understand how to reverse the process, but maybe it gets confusing when you're panicking.
Natural selection in an unnatural world.
Yellow? Plastic? Close enough.
For we people of the large cylindrical head, I find this to be discriminatory and cruel. 

just came her to post this one. 
His real halmet is on the handlebars...   

In case anyone asks, he's a part of . fun little movement in Russia.
I wonder how many others he had under that one.
Could be 16.  Russians are 
right? how suprised do you think the guy in the suit was? "Okay, this guy with a bucket on his head just jumped over my car, I'll push him... wtf another bucket? DOES HE EVEN HAVE A HEAD?"
The last protective piece is a thimble. Inside the thimble is a thumb where the head should be. Sometimes his friends draw two little dots for eyes and a u for a smile because they don't like it when he's frowning. 
Anyone got video of this?
The "Curb" theme is my ringtone..
Greatest comedy writer in history..!!
Hands down...
"I'm surprised Hitler didn't roundup the toupee people."
I was hoping to find some too. The quote's from his acceptance speech at the 1993 Emmys, and this is the only pic I could find. 
I don't know why but this picture looks like its moving slightly.

Larry David... Have an upvote
Someone downvoted your Larry David comment. What an ass. I restored you back to 1..Edit: Bastard!

Restored!
Pretty...pretty good. 
HUGE vagina. 
That was a stretch OP but you made it work !
Not stopping for gas because of a black guy outside? C'mon man...
That is literally two steps back and one step forward. 
7 - 2 steps back = 5
11 + 1 step forward = 12. 
On average, this place is 21.96 percent cheaper than 7-Eleven.
I'm partial to my 7-Twelve in Baltimore
Sweet, check it out. A Ferrari.
At least it's not 9-11
There used to be a 6-12 in my area. It's still there but not under the same name, I think they all closed down.

OMG where is that? Feeling a need to go...
Because they're open 5 hours a day, 12 days a week!
What happened to 6-Twelve?
I'm from California.  7-11 here. There isn't many though here in the Sacramento area. 
In France there's a chain called . (eight to eight).
They should really just change the name of the store to "Up yours, 7-11"
Missed a huge opportunity to call it 77777777777.
Upvotes for Bmore
There's a 6-Eleven where I live in NJ.                                        (Will run and snap a pic if necessary)
514 in Edison?.I passed that today and thought immediately of it when I saw this post.
Dude, what do you think street view was invented for?
We used to have 6-12 stores in MD.  The name 7-11 was initially the stores operating hours (7am to 11pm).  These guys just open 2 hours earlier. .Too bad most 7-11's are 24 hours now so the name doesn't mean shit.
Where else was there a 6-12? The only one I ever saw was in Olney, IIRC near the intersection of 108 & 97.
TIL how 7-11 originally got their name.
I declare It necessary. 
Damn, this guy runs slow.
Grab me a Cola-Coca Slurbee and a Slim Tim while you're in there. 
I'll takes some Reeses Peanut Butter Cones and a bag of Doritas please. 
Can you get me a Creature Energy Drink? If they don't sell them just get me a Blue Bull.
Fact: any time somebody says "fact" they don't know what they're talking about..Including now.
Fact
I feel like there was a missed opportunity to draw Edgar Allan Poe blowing out a birthday cake in the last frame
For the depressed one, I think "Edgar Allen Woe" would've been better.
Edgar Allan Flow - Rapper
Edgar Allan Pho - Vietnamesse Soup enthusiast
Edgar Allen Dro..Pothead.
why does the frat bro look like a hipster?
needs edgar allen fro (70's disco), edgar allen yo (classic gangster), edgar allen slow (as a snail)
Edgar Allen Low is just Edgar Allen Poe.
Edgar Allan Sew
Exactly my thoughts, good man, woman, or alien life form capable of sensing the very inner thoughts of all humans everywhere and everywhen.
They forgot Edgar Allan Poe has hell.
I thought the glow one was an LGBT reference. 
Edgar Allan Low and Edgar Allan Poe are the same
I liked it until you called him a drug addict for being edgar allen blow. that was just uncalled for and cynical 
The last two are pretty accurate as just himself.
Does't really need the bottom lines
Edgar Allan Flow-Rapper
I think Edgar Allen Blow should have the same attire as Edgar Allen Ho
The number one rule of blow is that you can only do it when you're wearing a collared shirt.
Asdf
the line between those two has always been a little blurred
Edgar Allan Flo. Someone more skilled than I should get on top of drawing a Flo haircut on one of those.
E. A. PO. It's in the name.
Edgar Allen Pwn.12 year old gamer
Pwn and Poe don't even rhyme...

Edgar Allan Repost
Edgar Allan rePoest, you mean.
Any chance I can get an HD version of this pic for a tattoo tracing?
Why am I seeing a sudden influx of Edgar Allen Poe posts today?
These are awesome. Edgar Allen Sew, he's in a sweatshop. 
The Artist POE (Annie Danielewski) is actually related to him.

Edgar Allan Blow got me pretty hard. 
How bout Edgar Allen Snow, wearing a game of thrones costume
Where is Edgar Allen Fro????
Edgar allan glow should have a shit ton of bling...
Make this into a shirt 
Needs Edgar Allen Toe
I once played MW2 with an Edgar Allen Toe. I miss that guy 
Edward Allen Blow also known as Andy Warhol.
DJ name! I call it!
edgar allen who?
I'm pretty sure the last two are just Edgar Allen Poe.
How Is Edgar Allen Whoa not Poe as Neo?!
Edgar Allen Poe . a drug addict. I bet he had that expression on the night he died.
Edgar Allen Blow's looks like he's gettin a different kind of blow if ya know what I'm sayin.
They forgot Edgar Allen Yo, the rapper...
Not sure if funny.
I'd party with Edgar Allan Bro
this totally reminds me of the . a while ago
I'm pretty sure Edgar Allan Low was just normal Edgar Allen Poe
edgar allan blow.that means two things.
If I could draw I would add Edgar Allen Crow
Edgar Allen Fro?
Edgar Allen No.
Refer back to Edgar Allen Whoa
Edgar Allen So?
Edgar Allen Low should just be Edgar Allen Poe. That dude was depressed as shit in real life. 
No, I believe that honor goes to Edgar Allan Woe. 
Hence the legendary poems
And also an addict. 
Actually no. Rufus Wilmot Griswold, a man who had borne a grudge against him, wrote a rather scathing obituary about him where he described him as a drug addled madman, but it is now known that Edgar Allan Poe wasn't a drug addict. This is paraphrasing from Poe's Wikipedia article, found ...But yes, he was quite, quite depressed.
True, but he was an alcoholic. Poe's life was just one tragedy after the next.
Also had a bit of a thing for his cousin, anyone else got any trivia? I kind of like this chain
A bit? He married her and spiralled into a deep depression that, when combined with his alcoholism, killed him.
He spiralled into a deep depression and alcoholism after his wife died of tuberculosis. No one knows exactly how he died, but it's widely believed now that it was either rabies or alcohol poisoning.
he did enjoy some opium though
That would be what I call "a bit", yes.
Then what do you call a big thing? O.o
"big thing" would be the technical term I use
Another fact! Griswold only had a grudge against Poe because he wrote a very honest critique of one of his works. Poe was considered a better critic than author by most of his contemporaries.
Would be funnier without the explanations at the bottom of each drawing
I'm assuming it's a storyboard.
True, but the "exposed to strange chemicals" made me laugh.
Because it was the only one that wasn't entirely obvious, I think.
I expected "because he is Liberace"
also the last 2 seemed to be kinda redundant as he both enjoyed drugs and was incredibility depressed(not sure if they were at the same time)
Yea I was thinking the bottom left one at least should have just been his regular name.
Explaining a joke is never the correct road to funny.
Can confirm.  Source: My life's a joke.
It's funny because it's poisonous!
How so?
if bootyweed explains how his life is a joke will he effectively sort his life out?

Unless you're Bob Newhart. That man has a certain kind of magic to him. 
FIXED: 
THANK YOU! 
this is much better thank you. I liked the post until i got to the part where he is suddenly a drug addict because edgar allen blow. that was uncalled for. you made it much more pleasant
If I was that dude that Hippo would have ran the other direction because I would have shit all over myself. No one wants to eat a guy with shit all of him. 
Did anyone else read this in Jackie Chan's voice?
No little girl you do not want a hippopotamus for Christmas...trust me. 
Somebody fin ta die.
The dude under the R is like "glad thats not me".
Give me your yarbles.
Idiot, that's a full size hippo.  Obviously he's after their bowling balls.
 needs to see this.
lollololool so funnny 420
Those people are all dead now.  I have no proof but I do get stoned and watch nature shows a lot and I know that you don't fuck with hippos if you don't want hippos to fuck with you
"And now we play the waiting game.............
.
.
.
.
.
Waiting game sucks, let's play hungry hungry hippos!" 
I think its safe to say that the hippo has lost its marbles.
This is kinda sad! Had to be this mans final moments. 
MAR-BALLS
Excellent caption!
Hippo is in the big 5 most dangerous animals in Africa..Clueless westerners think they are harmless because they appear so in cartoons.
can't help thinking what happened to the guy

This photo is from an attack that left 6 people dead, so its really not all that funny.
Congratulations on the worst title of the year, OP.
that guy is deeeed.
This situation is not advisable.
Hippos kill more people in Africa than Lions and Crocodiles combined. They're an insanely dangerous animal to be around.
All my upvotes.
Smashing!
love it it how that one guy looks like he's trying to pull the other guy off of the hippo, "come on man, it's not worth it....".lol.
Knowing the damage hippo's can do. This makes me cringe more than all the times Steve Irwin picked up a snake and did something to really piss it off.
Hippos are fucking arses to people! They kill more people than a ton of other wild life! They might look like dumb asses, but they will kill everything in their territory!
Hey . , got any cool hippo facts, specifically about how that guy is probably dead if this isn't photoshopped?
How did you get Oprah to pose for that?
I heard dem hippos are mighty hungry, yes very hungry indeed. 
This is one of the funniest captioned pictures I think I've ever seen. I laughed for a good four minutes. Thank you. 
sides.jpg
The reason the hippos are so hungry is that marbles have so very little nutritional value.
Hungry hungry hippo! Live edition.
Fucking HIPPOS MAN!
He never really was that hungry, hungry...
This took a second to click. Them I just fucking lost it.
ALL YOUR MARBLES ARE BELONG TO US!
They were trying to make a safer dart....Then ended up shooting the thing dead anyway.  Seems like they fucked up this hippo's day for no good reason.
Take this to r/trees please!
Shit just got re....posted.
I feel it necessary to comment in this thread. 
What are the Hippo's closest cousins on the evolutionary tree?.A lot of people might answer pigs, given the similar appearance. But it's actually whales. Aquatic mammals yo..Speaking of which, I'm actually surprised there aren't more cases of whales attacking humans. Orcas will kill and eat creatures both smaller and larger than humans. The few deaths attributed to them occurred with whales in captivity and there was no predation... just the whale murdering a person it fucking hated.
I like the guy in the background like "yuck."
now i feel really old 
A real example of front page quality.
That is terrifying Hippos are colossal pieces of shit.
Hungry hungry hippo!
If you wanna win the game/ you gotta take a good aim/ and git the most marbles with your hippo....

i don't get it

[deleted]

How many times will this make the front page this month? 
there is a good chance that that man is actually dead or severely wounded
looks like the aussies are at it again
spit my gin out on this one
Interesting video .They are all shitting themselves for him, seems pretty dangerous even for a slightly manufactured setting...
I'm not even really that hungry. I just see all those marbles and go bazerk!
Shit hippos are scary. I just saw a family last weekend, wallowing about in the Zambezi river. Traffic was slowed with a bunch of people rubbernecking to see them... cute from far away, or in Kinder Happy Hippo form, NOT CUTE close up. Fucking scary.
Jumping in a river full of hippos, what could possibly go wrong?
How much more did it suck when hippo 2 started playing?
...I'd shit my pants.
Hippos kill more people in Africa than any other animal.
The guy in the back pressed the handle
Because he's Hungry Hungry. 
That picture would be just as funny if that was a grizzly bear. As in, that's an animal about to kill someone.
You'd be lucky if all that hippo wanted was your marbles.
Somebody ought to save this guy from the deadly "R". 
This pic turned me into a little bitch..Hungry, hungry hippos (the game) made us all forget how scary hippos really are. I still laughed, though. I hope he remembered to bring his marbles..
This might be one of the funniest things I've seen...
that has to be the scariest thing ever, hippos and rhinos are the only big animals in africa that will only charge to kill. Elephants will mock charge, not hippos
Guy in the back: 
Well. They're fucked.
This would be an awesome movie
Shit just got reposted ...... Again....

Who hit his black lever!?

.... why? 
[deleted]

Notice how the title on your browser tab is "Shit just got real: funny"
Only 90's kids will understand!!
You have the article from this?
It's not an attack...it's called defending itself from humans that want to bother an animal who was minding it's own business.
You really don't know much about hippos I'm guessing.  

This is about as funny as a photo of a guy about to be hit by a car.  Hippos are vicious fuckers. 
oh wow, it's michelle obama in her natural habbitat. 
I'm hungry god damnit!!!!!
Stick...Stick your dick in it.
ROFLMAO! thats hilarious. 
All the times.
Dang I haven't even been on reddit a year and here come the reposts 
nom nom nom
that man is about to die
lol This reminded me of the story of the 
ravenous ravenous rhino! 

Let us not demonize this creature.
hi
Hungry Hungry Hippo!
Yeah they're gonna die
... and Australia is currently in control of the front page..Upvote for you though!
Adult Hippos can barely swim or float.  They just push off the bottom to move.  and they choose to spend most of their time in the water anyway.  what a majestic animal.
Took me a second but then the lawls arrived
"Fuck that shit. Y'all can get eaten if you want but I'm outta here." -the guy in the back
this
It's Funny cause hippos kill people.
Reminds me of that video/documentary? of a hippo named Humphrey who killed his owner
Well now he lost his marbles.  Smooth, Mr Hippo
why is this old ass repost at the top post.
I can confirm, Hippos are assholes. I had a sister nick-named Hippo.
I didn't know Snookie could swim
I can't tell you how many times the hungry hungry hippos . gets stuck in my head. 

Just thought you people should know that the man in the photo was killed in this incident. That's all I came here to say.
Didja get that thing I sentcha?
i can tell just by the pixelation of the font that this is old as shit. 
It's a water pipe. Am I taking crazy pills or does nobody see this?
this sir is an understatement 
Hungry, Hungry, Hippos!
Hippos are scary as fuck.
That one took me way too long
I always figured this is how I would go... Losing in a game of marbles 
All of these men are likely dead. The hippo is the most dangerous animal on the planet.
All of these men are likely dead. The hippo is the most dangerous non-human animal on the planet..Fixed that for ya!
That is not funny, it's fucking terrifying.
Yeah, I'd have to agree the shit just got real..Face to face with a very large animal that can KILL your sorry little ass is pretty real in my book.
I didn't think they WERE marblevores.
Oh sweet lord jesus. Run motherfuckers... 
I wondered what it meant by marbles, then i realized 'Hungry, Hungry Hippos'....I'm not a clever man. 
hippo skulls are terrifying

I don't know why this made me laugh so hard but it did
dude, Hippos are no joke.  They will kill you.  
IIRC they are the deadliest animal in Africa/the world.
This is in r/funny, but that guy was probably killed by that hippo
Pretty fair chance. People watch Fantasia and think of hippos as cute and goofy, but they are actually some nasty-ass, foul-tempered death machines. IIRR, they kill more people than lions, and only crocs, humans and mosquitoes are more dangerous in Africa..Was in a boat in the Okavango Delta some years back when a big hippo came blasting up out of the (croc-infested) water with no warning maybe 3 meters behind the boat. If he had hit us (and they do, sometimes), the chance of multiple deaths and injuries would have been virtually assured.
WHY OH WHY is this #1 on the Front page?
The guy on his back better close his legs before he does  "lose his marbles".
One of the most dangerous animals on the planet, so yeah shit just got real, staring into the jaws of death right there.

how old is this picture. as old as the internet?
This is one of the most re-posted animal pictures I've seen.  Fucking stop it already and be original.
Whining about a repost is really original.

Does your cat cough with his neck extended like that? If so, it's a sign of asthma.
Cough? The most I hear out of her is the meow summoning me that she requires sustenance. Beyond that, she remains quietly in hippo pose.
Just checking! I've never seen a cat rest like that haha mine only extends her neck like that when she's having an asthma attack.
Did anybody else read that in the voice of Arnold Schwarzenegger?
Haha, I like laughing at people in danger!
One does not simply fuck with a Hippo. Dumbass should have known to stay the fuck away.
Scare me more than any other animal. Big, dumb, emotional, huge tusks, take no prisoners approach ...wonder what happened to guy in photo 
Did he died? 
Careful! Hippos are very hungry these days
Would you say they are hungry, HUNGRY hippos?
"Give me your fucking marbles" woulda been funnier. Maybe..No. Guess not..Maybe?
always worth keeping the f-bomb on the table
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
And every one of those titles is better than the current one.
Fuck shit, that things looks terrifying.
I remember putting this on myspace but I don't remember my password 
I mean...this just partially ruined my childhood. 
what the fuck with the reposts?  i've seen this 20 times on this site.  ugh.
Internet is the dawn of an Age of Reposts that will endure for millennia...decades, at least
i guess some posts transcend even that mindset.
A repost filter would be a great task for AI.. Too lazy to search around if anyone's tried for Reddit (seems like Karma Decay could write a browser extension for it)

I've been attacked by a hippo before. It was the only time I've ever thought I was really going to die. For something that looks so stupid, I still can't believe how much they terrify me now, even the stupid huffing noise they make. .I lived in South Africa for quite a while, including a few months spent in a bush camp. On the second day there, a few friend's and I took the little metal motor boat down the river. After a bit of cruising around, a bull hippo attacked our boat. Four round teeth holes right through the metal hull. Our boat ended up sinking and we were left stranded in a river delta, being chased by a hippo, through waist deep water of shit covered hippo trails..
After some terrifying hours out there, we eventually reached land and by pure chance, ran into some of the only other people out there. Luckily everyone survived, even though one guy would no longer go near the water and started sleeping with a carved wooden hippo..I went with the group that recovered our sunk boat. We brought a rifle with us that time. I kept hoping the hippo would charge again so we could shoot it. But it just sat, head out of the water, watching us the whole time..So if you ever go on a safari and they offer to take you out in a dugout canoe, do not do it, because that's pretty much a death trap.
Hippo's are afraid of water and that is fa fact!. All you have to do is run in the water or say create a canoe out of  a large mask of some kind and you will be fine. .Edit: Wow I am amazed that no one really got my reference to the Simpsons go to 

Redditors are too busy sperging out the first second they see a factual inaccuracy to bother thinking about whether or not the comment is a reference.
I shall keep that in mind. I have yet to encounter a hippo in person, but hopefully I am better prepared for the inevitable confrontation between myself and one of these giants.
They live in water :l   He is either really dumb or trying to trick people.
You gotta watch out, Pepsi Presents New Zanzibar is a dangerous place.
And yet they live in water...
[deleted]
He make a the joke. I've been to Africa. Stay away from hippos! I was never scared more in my life than to see a hippo. If one does happen to chase you, climb a tree as a last resort - you will NOT out run a hippo! Just stay away from them b/c they are VERY territorial. 
I once swallowed a marble from the hungry hippos game and had to go to the emergency room. 
Hungry? Why wait?
It was an accident. I was about 8 at the time, tried to take one of the marbles and use it as a bullet in a blow gun. I did not realize the weight of the marble could not be blown through a tube. When I tipped the tube upside down to shoot air to propel the marble, down the marble went. The worst part was we had to look through my droppings to make sure I pooped it out
I swallowed a marble from the Hungry Hungry Hippos game and my mother laughed at me and made me drink extra water.
I don't know why, but I totally read that as
Wow, I mean, she was neglectful and manipulative as shit, but no drunken five-year-olds in . house..Except for the time that my baby brother found and drank the bottle of vanilla extract. That was pretty funny, actually.
But seriously don't piss off hippos. They are vicious
We really need a silly blockbuster Hungry Hungry Hippos movie..Lost in the African Savannah, four teenagers thought they had nothing to fear but the lions..They were wrong..EDIT: Having thought about it for a bit, here's the pitch:.African warlord seeks to get the upper hand against his enemies. He seeks out ancient magic, and in the process raises an ancient tribal god from its slumber, a giant hippo with a hunger for the sacrifices it's been deprived of for centuries..Meanwhile, 4 teenagers, on a gap year before college (They're legal that way, and you can get some sweet pg-13 sideboob and butt) go on a Safari for fun. You get your basic archetypes set up (Think Cabin in the Woods'), and they do stupid stuff in Africa. Meanwhile, the ancient Hippo God is raising an army of Zombies (Animals and people). Four teens are forced to fight back to save their lives, and the lives of the local people who have come under threat from poachers or something (This means you get some fun shots of poachers getting wrecked by zombie animals, which would be topical or something).

Definitely better than Grown Ups 2
I wrote a Hungry Hippos screenplay around the time that Battleship came out.  I'll upload the first few pages if anyone wants to read it.
That was fucking awesome. You should upload the whole thing.

That fart sound isn't in the original video.
This is actually something hippos do to mark territory or something they do as a warning to others.
Shrapnel hazard right there
Way to ruin it for the rest of us...SANTA CLAUS IS TO REAL
This is some funny shit.
This zoo is a dump!
Who the fuck cares?! Makes the video 100x more funny
Love the title!._.Oh alright then
man in the background... now is not the time to be farting
If that was me, I'd be doing a . more than farting.
I think that given the gravity of the situation, the man is not farting. More likely, he is sharting.
Guys stop dicking around with that hippo and pull my finger. This one's gonna be rough. 
Dude, it was the scariest animal Steve Irwin said he had ever encountered..STEVE FUCKING IRWIN..Admittedly, stingryays got the best of him, but still.  Fuck lions, fuck Black Mambas, fuck jaguars, and crocodiles, and any of the other shit that came withing inches of fucking up his whole day..Hippos.
That Stingray was a fluke though, iirc it didn't even attack, it was basically an accident.
Irrefutable Evidence Hippos are scarier than crocodiles:
But..but.. Some of those crocs are over 20ft long.. Don't think any predator could really kill one that size.
Scary as fuck.  We do what we want.
I'm not sure if this is proof enough for you guys, but I captioned this picture in 2011. I saw the original, uncaptioned picture on 4chan and posted it once as a reply to the poster. I guess it kinda spread since then.
Good work Baconpit, I believe you. 
Was your caption originally someone elses comment to the.picture?
I'm sure I'm not the first person to come up with the reference, that would be ignorant of me. I'm just looking at the picture and seeing that the caption is in the same spot, same size, and same font. .I'm not trying to call OP out on a repost, I think it's cool to see an exact copy of the picture I captioned show up almost two years later.
No one gives a shit, go lay down.
Holy shit, you're mean.
Oh nooooooo a repost.
I'm not complaining about a repost, I'm just putting it out there. I think it's kinda cool that something I captioned it still being posted almost two years later.
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
In other words, this is the definition of "old repost".  I used to enjoy this subreddit quite a bit, but there is less and less OC and more and more stupid reposts that get upvoted to the top even though they're just not that great or original in any way.  .I guess it's just time to unsub.  Peace .,
This is also the worst title it has ever been submitted under.
Thank you! I knew I've seen it before and all of the comments just seemed like the typical usual responses without any info on the outcome of this picture.
Your entire post history is this karmadecay nonsense. Things get reposted - get over it.
You obviously didn't read their username

Hey I'm the one who posted the IRL one. :D
So you're responsible for setting this repost-chain of causation into motion?
And its the oldest one? Have an upvote
Curious as to the guy's fate.  This looks like his last picture.
Getting eaten by a hippo would make for a pretty epic tombstone
Yeah he's looking into the maw of death right there.  Hippo's are fucking mean yo.
Hopefully, the tombstone would be in the shape of a big marble.
Curious why they aren't armed. 
Someone off camera had to be unless the hippo shot himself.
Ah, I should have read the article.
It put my mind at ease,  now I can laugh at the picture knowing that he didn't get bitten in half.
If he's not dead, he's very lucky.
I was waiting for the obligatory redditor to show up with the story.  Haven't seen one yet.
I'll bet he's a major hippo-chondriac these days
look again, it's been posted. He isn't dead, but the hippo is.
I saw, thank goodness.  Lucky guy.
he was very lucky
..that dude needs a change of pants.

Just so the lazy can have the . context:.Ironic that they had to shoot an animal that they were attempting to save from the very thing they were trying to create a solution to.
They hadn't already figured that they should maybe put a muzzle on something with a jaw spread the size of a shopping cart? Okay, dudes.
Wow, so the hippo ended up dying
All while trying to find a sedative that would . hippos from dying.
Human logic.
Durr da duur
haha, you da man.  Yeah, that was a close call.  Shame they had to kill the hippo.  It was sedated so maybe it wasn't as fast as usual.
"...escaped serious injury after the animal lunged at him and threw him into a pool by Crocodile River...".Out of the frying pan...into the fire.
im the, hungry hippo's number one's supplier
More like the other way around. I'd take my chances with a crocodile any day of the week over a hippo.
Africa is a scary place of crocodiles, hippos and spiders.
Don't forget snakes and giant cats.
Never. I'll never forget.
Africa's the new Australia.
The old australia.
And african crocodiles are fucking huge:
What we talking about perspective wise here? 20ft?
Hell that's only completely terrifying!
I wanna say that wildebeast are more akin to deer than they are to, say, cows.  So while it's not that big...it's still pretty huge.  The crocs...I think 20ft is do-able.
A poor example, as we all know wildebeasts are nature's biggest bitch. example: The Lion King..That's a big ass-crocodile though.
And yet they still killed Mufasa...
By being used.
Citation accepted.
Someone please draw an ass-crocodile.
they call me the hiphopopotamus, my lyrics are bottomless...
Dat extra syllable.
I'm not a large water-dwelling mammal, where did you get that preposterous hypothesis; did Steve tell you that by chance?
I'll give you a frontal lobotamus
Just realized how deep that is.
...
I'm going to give you a helmet that looks like your hair for this post.
Sorry nobody got your joke.

I was making a Flight of the Conchords reference too.  :(
They call me the rhymenoserus 
Not because I'm fat, not because I got birds on my back but because I'm horny, I'm HORNY!
I got flows that glow like phosphorous. Poppin off the top of this esophagus rockin this metropolis. I'm not a large water-dwelling mammal, where did you get that preposterous hypothesis? Did Steve tell you that? 
What kind of rapper name is "Steve", anyway?
FTFY
What kind of rapping name is Steve anyway?
Ain't no party like my Nana's tea party!
Hey! Ho!
Im the mutherflippin'
Steve...

that guys a cunt hole
too soon
Bloody Steve....

"Right, fuck off you wankers."
Anyone else think of this? 
Hippos are dicks
I thought the car is never able to start in movies
talk about stealth
 That thing is scary as fuck
Woah. That's crazy.
 *.* 
Bitch I'm a hippopotamus.
Bitch I'm hippofabulous

Don't you know who I am????

Silly bitch, your weapons cannot harm me!
I'm the Hippopotamus, ..
A .?
sam right?
The Hippo is a surprisingly mean animal. They kill thousands of people a year and have a behavior known as .Edit: .. Second . with similar statistic. 
More than any other animal in Africa. Pretty crazy. 
Propeller poops 
When I was younger I made fun of my host brother for freaking out when I climbed into the hippo enclosure at a zoo to photograph them. The next day a girl was mauled to death in a hippo enclosure at another zoo.

BEHOLD!!! The Dung Shower
"surprisingly mean" to a redditor who doesn't know shit about anything.Hippos are dangerous.  Common knowledge. 
This is what terrifies me. Look how fast they run, underwater.
Saw one do exactly that at the Toronto zoo last weekend.  It looked like some of those poo particles had enough momentum to hit unwary onlookers too.  Fairly impressive.
Hippos kill more people than any other animal in Africa.


My husband recently educated me on this. I always thought they were sweet, cute, chubby animals but it turns out they're not only mean but incredibly dangerous! 
I kinda want shoot a hippo in its big dumb mouth now..Would anyone really miss hippos if they were killed instead of Black Rhinos?
They kill the population of Falkland Islands every year
Actually, a physically fit adult human can usually sprint at 30kph (19mph). Usain Bolt's world record is 44 kph..I guess the question is more how long you can keep up that speed for vs the Hippo. One advantage humans do have is we can shed heat much faster than Hippos and many other animals through perspiration so on a hot African day we'd be less likely to overheat (for instance the main reason cheetahs have to stop sprinting after a short burst is because their body overheats), we might also have more long distance endurance but that doesn't matter much when trying to outrun a charging animal I guess.
I'd just climb a tree and wait for the hippo to fuck off.
I feel like we'd be able to change directions better than a hippo. So that would probably help.
One of the evolutionary advantages that humans enjoy is that we can run for extremely long distances.  I believe our stamina is on par with that of dogs/wolves and horses.  I've seen documentaries of aboriginal hunters that literally run an animal to death...i.e. chase a deer till it drops from exhaustion.
Stop answering your own questions!  How am I gonna find a place to comment for karma if you keep doing that?
Sorry man. :P
Running on shitty, uneven terrain. -3 kph.  Better start taking steroids. 
If you're running at -3 kph, you would go faster by running backwards.
"Jimmy! Why are you taking steroids?!"."Gotta outrun the whale crocodiles, M-m-m-m-mom!"
It would help for the initial charge.  Then you'd be mauled to death.
Damn I knew they were mean as hell but killing 2900 people a year? That's nuts. Damn nature! You scary!
Surprisingly, hippos kill more people than lions, they are the most dangerous animal in Africa.
I'd be surprisingly mean all the time too if I naturally looked like honey boo boos mum. 
This video of hippos chasing a boat has never been more relevant (happens around 1:10 if you don't want to wait) -> .It also has a nice classical soundtrack, enjoy!
Why are they LAUGHING. I'd be doing a dung spray of my own if that bloated shark was after my boat. 
In their defense, there is a leech called the ., that ...This, for me, explains both why they are mean and why they flick their tail when defecating.
Righteous! 
 
We are... the most dangerous creatures, in the world.
I knew they were the nastiest animal on the continent, but thousands?  Damn..My first impression of the photo is "WTF are those idiots doing?"  You won't ever find me anywhere near a hippo.
Probably because they don't . deadly.
Same thing with ..  The tourists at Yellowstone are all like "aww, look at the big cow."  Then, "OH, SHIT!!!"
Hippos kill way more people per year than all the animals people are scared of.
Pics or it didn't happen.
A domesticated hippo would be an awesome war mount.
Since we're fantasizing, I'll take a Triceratops.
Welp, since there's no rules here, sign me up for a tricerashark....nado.
Now would be a good time to appear.
A rhino would be pretty cool, too..Little bit of genetic modification so it stays coltish, and there you are.
  Protip: must watch in HD.
i dont know what the fuck they mean by dinosaurs are extinct i think i just saw two of um in that video. 
Someone give that hippo a Snickers.
Lions just lie around all day. Not really dangerous. Hippos however: evil whale crocodiles
I don't know if I'd put lions in the "not really dangerous" category.
Evil whale crocodiles.Best frikn analogy/mind-picture ever. Props.
that's like a 9/11 every year
Aw damn it.  Meow see you just bummed me out
I remember I told my 4th grade teacher they were very dangerous animals (I think I said more dangerous than crocodiles, which I think was true) and she treated me like I was stupid..Also when I was 2nd grade I said a triceratops was faster than a tyrannosaurusrex, the teachers aide I was talking to said I was wrong and then proceeded to ask me if I could run faster on 2 legs or 4....My elementary school sucked.
I was told I was going to die because I had colored on my arms and had lead poisoning. I went to the bathroom and rubbed my arms raw, whimpering because I knew that I was going to hurt my parents' feelings by dying from my stupidity. I went home and didn't tell them, but kept hugging them and telling them I loved them. I finally cracked when my mom came in to tuck me in. I blubbered and apologized. She just laughed and said I would be fine. .If that were my kid, though, I'd be out for blood. What kind of idiot thinks you can get lead poisoning from crayons? What kind of idiot thinks that you can get lead poisoning through your skin? What kind of idiot then tells a 7-year-old that he might die if he doesn't wash it off?.In another class, two years later, we were told we didn't have to worry about learning much, and should just enjoy ourselves, because Russia was going to nuke us and the world would end before we were adults. "You boys and girls will probably never be grown ups." .In 4th grade, my teacher mocked one of my best friends in front of the class for being a poor Mexican. We didn't understand what the scene meant, and he was really good at throwing the gag back, so we were all laughing, until something changed in his eyes, and he went very quiet. .I used to wonder how such utter morons got into primary education, but then I went to college and learned what utter morons major in primary education. .(No, I know not all of them, but the smart ones I know confirm this.)
I could not agree with you more. While I definitely had some good teachers from k-12, I had quite a few shitty ones as well. The people I see who major in education are, for the most part, people who couldn't major in anything else. Sorry if there are any good education majors out there, I'm sure there are, but the ones I know of I could probably count on one hand..
In 7th grade, during science class, my teacher asked the entire class what animal we were most afraid of, everyone else in the class was sayig wolves or lions or bears or sharks, you know, shit like that. It got around to me and i said humans, explaining that when i got to sleep at night, im not afraid of wild animals breaking into my house and hurting my family or myself. I was yelled at for five minutes, told that humans aren't animals, and repeatedly asked to pick another, refusing to each time. Then i was written up. For, you know, claiming humans are animals... In a 7th grade biology class at a public school. Middle school sucked too. 
That's school for ya. My brother's freshman year of biology his teacher refused to teach evolution because he didn't believe in it. His biology teacher didn't believe in evolution..I also was seeing a girl for a few months who is going to school to be a veterinarian but she doesn't believe in evolution... Had I known that in the first place I could have saved myself quite a bit of time and money.
I gave you an upvote. I hope it dulls the sting of childhood PTSD.
I gave you an up vote for helping me with the heals.
Not true. A scientific research group from 2012 found out, that Hippos are active through the whole night for grassing. The blowing of their shit is to make trails which lead back to the water holes at night, it has not much to do with marking territory or humiliating other hippos (perhaps out of fun). Also fertilizing plays a role..At daytime they sleep and relax in the water or they would die of heat..Interesting fact: Hippos nearest living genetic relatives are .!
i'm sure hippos are not aware that they are fertilizing the ground. that'd be a smart ass hippo
Or a smart ass-hippo
They don't need to know it only that one of their ancestors a long time ago started shitting like that and his style of life made for better fertilized soil and more food. If his style of shitting makes them live longer/better/easier they are going to reproduce more.
Are you aware of beating your heart?
What ever you do, don't think about it you will d
what?
I am now.
What is consciousness?
Is the answer hippos? If not i'm stumped.
your mind games won't work on me. all evidence says that hippos cannot understand fertilization
Understanding like a farmer understands fertilization? Of course not.
But perhaps they understand it with hippo understanding? 
Loosely translated as, "Must poo now.  Pooing feels right.  Make it go everywhere also feels right.  Done now.  Is good."

My dog isn't aware of why he raises his leg to piss.
Sure he does.  It's to keep his man card.
Thank you for subscribing to hippo facts.
Dung Showering: 
Who the fuck was taping me 10 minutes after McDonalds today?
I... kind of hoped it would hit the kid.
Bitch aint seen shit.
This is some funny shit.
I laughed until I cried. I was laughing with anticipation, but then I lost it when it started 
This comment is just crap.
Im derailing this train right now.
Party pooper.
It's for the best.  Sometimes I don't know why I even try.
Dammit, my excitement ruined it. I knew it was gonna be the funniest thing ever. Expectations were too high.
I have honestly not laughed that hard at a youtube video in like a year. .Thanks man.
Something similar happened to me two weeks ago after eating leftover Taco Bell.
Man, you know there ain't no such thing as leftover Taco Bell!
This is funny as fuck.
It was sorta spoiled for me when I found out the audio is fake. Still epic

Jesus, it's a shit sprinkler with tail action. 
TAKE IT BACK
hahaha, that guys reaction was fucking priceless
Don't ruin the magic!
I do the same thing when I start a new job before anyone decides to boss me around. 
Shits always been real.
Where did you get a tail?

I want to see a video of you drawing. How the fuck you do these so quickly and perfectly amazes me, I can't even get down two stick figures the right way. 
I love you AWSA.
true artistry
this is the best I have seen so far
Dude, you are fucking awesome.
this belongs in a museum
I fucking love you.
Could work on your perspective a bit, love the energy though and the clarity of your drawings is always top notch 
Is that the smoking man in the background?
My favorite one so far.
i like the tail swishing action!
I feel so bad for that guy closest to the hippo's ass, just silently accepting his fate.
you never let me down 
Where have you been? I can't remember where or why but we needed you earlier! 
Yes! It was just like that. And now? The conversation around the water cooler? Danman8511? He ain't nothin' to fuck with. Lumberg did NOT ask him to come in on Sunday after that shit went down...."THBBBTHTHTHHHHHHHHH!"
It does wonders in the workplace.
I think . destined to draw this, i can just see that picture IRL with some guy commenting on the natural behavior of a wild hippo as it showers every one in poo.
Well I've found my new wallpaper. 
There is . you drew that without laughing uncontrollably at the same time. 
Man, I kinda feel sorry for Dave in the right corner.
Dave's just having a real shitty day.  Probably was 3 weeks left till retirement.  Ain't tryin to hurt nobody.  Hippo don't care.
I feel for the guy with his mouth open in shock. His world is about to be fucked
i put this in your top ten

I'm just gonna leave . right here.
I love you
Damn. Too dangerous. Had to shoot it.
I don't like that they were experimenting with a drug then killed the thing when it didn't work.  I mean I get it.  I just don't like it.
Exactly what I thought. Don't fuck with the animal, and it wont try and kill you. Plain and simple. 
In their defense they were developing a drug to save hippos from drowning after sedation. I'm guessing hippos are often tranquilized because of how violent they are
need to invent a combo lifejacket-muzzle.
YEAH- TOP TEN WORST OF ALL TIME!.EACH ONE IS WORSE THAN MY DOPE-ASS RHYMES!.I HATE TO KVETCH, BUT THOSE SKETCHES MAKE ME WRETCH.HE THINK HE THE BEST BUT HE AIN'T NOTICE ME YET!
This novelty is amazing. The GIF never gets old.
No, it gets old rather quickly. 
Ok, NOW shit just got real. 
Rather quickly it it gets quite....
sickly?
You can't flim flam the zim zam. 
INTERIOR CROCODILE ALLIGATOR,.
A WILD SKETCH APPEARED AND BEST_RAPPER IS JUST A HATER,.
SKETCHING IN THE WILD IS HARDER THAN EASY RAP-PING,.
THATS WHY I DO IT EVERY-DAY WHILE ITS WHAT YOU ARE LACK-ING!  
Is there where I put irony? Can never tell. Either way. Your raps are so much better than his.
YOU CAN SAY THAT ITS IRONY, FLOWS AS OLD AS RETIREES,.
ALL WALKS OF LIFE AND SIMPLE-THINGS JUST SIMPLY SEEM TO INSPIRE ME,  .AND YES I THINK ITS IRONIC THAT BEST_RAPPER WOULD "SEEM TO WANT IT".
SINCE I'VE WRECKED HIS RHYMES HIS LIMIT IS "ONE" AND IM WAY BEYOND 
That's word.
Leave out a p cause we're going to call this raping.It's going to be sicker than your.grandmas interior decorating.Fucking ugly flower prints everywhere.I'm going to sneak past your underwear

I love the calm, innocent expression on the hippos face, as if to say "Nothing going on here".

i think it just looks concentrated
I don't think he got that many facial expression muscles
I feel like the hand over mouth of the guy in the front left really adds to the realism of this piece. It also adds to the 'I don't want poo in my mouth' feeling that exists in everyone (except for that dude in the middle with his mouth wide open, that dude is hungry for shit)
it gives a quiet grace to this work of art.
I wonder if Hippos kill more people a year with their shit/urine-storms than using their teeth???
Haha I feel honoured to have you sketch something on a post of mine
Don't mess this up for me, he's obviously sketching off my comment. I've been waiting my whole life for this. 
His reddit account is less than a year old.  Did you prophecize that he would come?
In all honesty it's also a tribute to my link below :D
And by whole life you mean the past 892 days - the answer is yes, I am stalking you. 
Mid-low standards.
Good to know that I'm not the only one!
Congrats on the accomplishment then :)
You should get a sketch of your humbleness
[deleted]
Massa risus class lobortis.
This site's only big enough for one 
I wish I could give them more than one up vote when random ones like this appear. 
Have you seen his comment karma it's impressive! Sweet jesus it's like his job
Sweet jesus... and he hasn't even been here a year! 
You could always give them Reddit gold.
I wonder what Reddit gold does anyway.
Edit: HAHAHAHA I GOT GOLD MOTHER FUCKERS. I BEAT THE SYSTEM
I hate when people ask for gold straight up and receive it. Is that what this world is really coming to??
Now you know :-).Edit: I like Reddit and gladly support it. Please pay it forward someday.
What do you do for someone who already has reddit gold?

i mean, he coulda been lying...

Today you. Tomorrow me.   
Huzzah!
So, which is better, gold or a sketch?
What?
Your mother on a Tuesday
There's no 'Give sketch' option on reddit
'Requires Talent'
Dominance achieved.  I guess the crapping over everything does work.
I am just glad major political parties don't do that. 
Nah they have a habit to wait til they're in power before shitting on people.
You jest?

How do you think America got where it is today?
Too soon.

This is older than this subreddit. Come on. 

Can we please downvote all this crap to oblivion. 
Things like this always get to me. I don't know why it's so funny 
Nocturnal birds of prey, HEY.
this re-post is giving my name a bad name

Who
I WOKE UP IN A SOHO DOORWAY, THE POLICEMAN KNEW MY NAME
Repost
[deleted]
I concur. 
Just letting you know. 
You forgot to call OP a faggot. Hence downvotes.
^ comment is a repost
What's in the box?!!!whats in the box?!!
It takes a special kind of evil to do this to a man... 
That cantaloupe looks ripe.
In his (or her) defense, he is obviously mentally disabled.
"If I do such a shit job of parking, everyone will think I'm disabled"
I walked out of a Whole Foods a couple of weeks ago, and saw apparently able lady get into her Porsche in a disabled spot. I wanted to give her the benefit of the doubt, thinking maybe she had some form of disability that isn't easily visible (fibromyalgia, MS, etc.), but nope, no tags. She then proceeded to drive like an asshole through the parking lot. I wanted to key her car SO badly.
Queenslanders!
When you use Douche as a title, it's capitalized right?
Probably this guy

I feel it is truly right and just that a hunting permit be invented for the sole purpose of hunting and booting unlawfully parked cars in handy capped spaces. For a hundred bucks you take a class with a pass fail test, a permit on completion and a used wheel boot. The original permit last 2 years and a 15 dollar renewal fee each additional year. With the boot or replacement boot being returned at the end of each month or recovery of the boot. 
Typical Qlder.
knife... tire... nuf said
Yo das stupid ok. If he want park leik dat den let him. Kthxbye #stupidpic
There really is a special place in hell for these kind of people...
I'd remove their tyre valves.
Orrrrrr there's a wheelchair in the back, and someone needs extra room to get out.
its probably your car and you just parked it there long enough to snap a pic and then moved, just to whore on karma you cheap son of a bitch... 
Maybe their handicap is being blind! Did you ever think of that?! 
I don't see a car..I see a sign that reads "Key me, please."
44 magnum full metal jacket through the engine compartment.  
This looks like Hydepark carpark in Townsville...?
As someone on there scooter goes by and hits that car with their cane. Whoops. 
Clearly they are mentally handicapped.
fucken queenslanders
Laziest troll ever. 
Are you having a seizure? 
My money would be on woman
Then how can they drive if their blind? 
They're != their != there..Zero points.
To be fair, people from Queensland are handicapped
They entered without a disabled permit, and left  with 4 empty tires , imagine that.
If you park in between the handicap symbols  then it's okay right? 
As an American living in Europe....it is kind of like that...

It's Ironic that America would have an English Bulldog.

pretty accurate!
America is way too politically correct for my tastes. 
Picture1 is just picture2, 20 years after
Perhaps the perception isn't far from reality. I was recently in Switzerland for a couple of weeks and traveled the country extensively. I felt I was the fattest guy anywhere I went and I am around 190lb (male, 5'8"). I never felt it that way in the US and I live in San Francisco (not mid-west or south).
I can't speak for Europe, but America is pretty accurate. 
The girl at the counter looks aight 
i am a bartender at a more high end restaurant in america. i see things through sober eyes as an employee and the american perception on that is not far off. even as a salty old veteran bartender of 16 years with thick skin i far too often find myself repulsed, offended, and disgusted by the appearance and behavior of too many "respectable" patrons. 

Where can us Americans smoke in bars? :(

in 1998
Yea that left side looks like a British pub. Right side looks like a bar from any city. 
Left looks more like Britain to me. (No offence, some of my best friends are Brittish).

ITT:.
"My dad could beat up your dad!".
"No, MY dad could beat up YOUR dad!".
"My dad knows karate, he could surely beat up your dad!".
"Well, my dad is a boxing champion, he would beat up your dad first!"
"My dad will shag your dad, and he'll enjoy it

anyone else notice that the European women has TWO martinees?! 

Well on one hand the people do tend to be slimmer in Europe...And to be honest generally far more refined....Hmm I'm not sure where I'm going with this.

Whys the European chick need two full cocktails?
Happy hours is about to end soon.
Looks completely the opposite to my perception as a Brit. 
The dogs are on the wrong sides.
Do we really have that bad of a taste in carpet? 
Left : sober person's perspective.
Right : drunk person's perspective

More like Kansas versus San Francisco.

America's rugs are better.
I think this highlights both bad things:
-US is an example of greed and swine-like gluttony
-Eu is an example of a cask of pretentious airheads 
I've lived in America and Europe (South Carolina and Sweden). It has been my experience that, on average, people tend to be more fit and attractive in Sweden... But people in other parts of America (NOT South Carolina) people are equally as fit and attractive. I've also been to Germany, Denmark, Canada, and many other parts of the US. I was a little surprised when I started living in Scandinavia because I bought into the stereotype of there being only gorgeous people there. There are pretty people in all countries I've been to and less attractive ones too. I don't like living in South Carolina at all though and would much rather live in Sweden! Lets put it this way, the "pretty side" could be a picture from either Sweden or the US... But the "ugly side" is probably not in Sweden. Both the US and Europe are very large and have many different types of people and cultures. Also, lets not forget that Europe is not a country. 
The 1st image looks a lot more like a scene from a British pub if you ask me. I am not proud. 
I say, I see a lot more average people sized people in america than I use to. Not just to defend my country, although we I go to wal-mart ., this coming from a 125 Ibs guy lol
I live in Europe and I view things the other way round.
Having never been to either one, I can confirm that this is in fact true.
Why is there an English bully in America? And a chihuahua in Europe? 
Piers Morgan?
The dogs should be the other way round. Annoying little purse dogs that deserve to be thrown into a blender are definitely an American thing.
Bulldog was the best part of either picture.  
pic on the right is just normal people in Munich. they might have a point.
HUM Hum... not just reddit's.....Sorry.
I still think the US side looks more fun
as someone currently in bulgaria on vacation, the women do seem far more fit.
The one on the left looks like England.
As a redditor who recently returned from a 5 week tour of 16 US states: Americans are not as fat as I imagined them to be and more intelligent than I imagined them to be. But... do you have dentists there? I mean, I've seen so many rotting teeth in so many young people's mouths... I sometimes felt like on a pirate ship 400 years ago.
It's pretty fuckin close.
Not a perception, this is an accurate spot on description!
The only Europeans who think poorly of the US are the ones who have never been here. After years of talking to Europeans online, I am fairly certain that this statement is accurate.
Quite a good perception of reality, Reddit has.
ITT a lot of MURCA from sheltered suburban kids who've never gone farther abroad than Cancun
what's wrong with the chick on the stool in the America picture?
"Perception"
Accurate.
As a European this is actually  pretty how i see things, only thing that irritates me is that there's a smoker in the American picture and none at all in the European one
That's pretty accurate. .Source: I'm from Europe. 
As an American who just got back from a tour all around Europe... this is kind of true
But its true?
It's funny cause its true
Actually the one on the left is the UK and on the right the continent 
I remember when I was in Turkey, at a certain spot that was popular among German tourists..Never seen so many fat people in one place in my life. Worse, the men were all wearing speedos.

I'm from the UK and that pic on the left is a British pub. In fact it's all British pubs. But as we're the 51st state I guess it still holds true. 
I will say this, the american bar seems to have a better liquor selection. 
As a Brit I identify more with the image on the left by miles
I reject your reality and substitute my own. 
looks about right...
this is not true at all, never have i seen a post that basically said usa = bad, europe = good... it's shitty posts like this which only feed and encourage a circlejerk that doesn't exist, which ends up leading to more of this nonsense
Its true though, Americans are lard arses, just yesterday there was a news article saying medi heli's in the US cannot fit patients in.. Lol
ITT Butthurt americans
Nailed it!!
This is reality.
The ratio of sexy ladies in Europe is, however, greater than that of America..Source: I travel a lot.
I travel a lot, too, and disagree wholeheartedly.

English bulldog on the American side?
We Americans love English bulldogs. I guess Europe likes Mexican mouse-dogs?
I like the girl at the bar on the American side more. Then again, she looks Asian in America.

The fat guy at the table in America could easily be from England.
It is England, the pictures were originally the UK v Europe. Some lazy individual just put America on the first one.
Ok. It's interesting, I'm getting more of a Hollywood or New York vibe from the Europe side. Also, if America is supposed to be England, he should've made the saloon sign say pub.

As a canadian reading the comments


How did I end up on .? Oh wait, that's it. Americans can't stand any jokes about their country.
All things considered, I'd still rather party in America!

I don't see that many fat people where I live. I live in California. 

Take it from a European who has been living in the US for five years and traveled through 32 states. If you live in the west or east coast, chances are that you are not overweight and some might call you a bright person. When talking about averages, the south distorts the numbers quite a bit. And unfortunately many Europeans view America as some would view a stereotypical southenern. .As for the whole "America is the best country on earth"-thingy.. This country has it's positive and negative sides, like any European country. Is it the best country I've visited or lived? No. But close.

It's the same everywhere. If you go to Paris or Zrich you're also less likely to see overweight people than in rural or suburban areas.
I taught at a secondary education school in a rural part of Bavaria, Germany for a year. There was maybe one moderately overweight student out of 50. I didn't see any obese students at all..I'd say the metropolitan areas in Western Europe produce more overweight people, also owing to the fact that "ghettos" for a large number of people of low socioeconomic status usually develop in cities. But that's just been my impression, I'd like to see studies on it.

Go to fresno

I live in Clovis :D

Fresno is the weird estranged cousin that California doesn't want people to know about.
Always greener on the other side of the fence.

To be fair, have you . Ireland? Its pretty freakin green.

Table. Which has turned.

Which we consider a massive fuck off fence and to be fair with modern travel and the internet it basically is no more a hindrance than a fence.
As a person who has been to both, there is actually a large difference in average body weight between the two. This is probably due to the popularity of cycling and public transportation. I'd say this is pretty accurate. Also 
It would be nice to see average length on that one aswell.


USA: 194.7lbs average weight
Canada: 177 lbs average weight.Damn that's a huge difference, you'd think Canada would be just as fat.
My guess is that Canada doesn't have nearly as much fast food restaurants, and it's food is more expensive. Otherwise I'm sure Canada would be.

It's that cold weather, causes ya to burn more calories! Plus they don't have delicious southern BBQ.


Not only that, the portions of our food are smaller.
As a Canadian, I can't tell you whether the number of fast food places is less, but there are more than enough to get fat, and I can't imagine the portions being much smaller(I track calories and the difference I see in foods seems to max out at like 10-20 cals). The culture is just different. 
I notice that Europeans start their count at the age of 16+ while Americans start 20+. I'd like to say that this makes a difference as most metabolisms slow down by the age of 18 and people generally start to gain more weight then.

America also invented laughter and happiness, people did neither till they came here. You're welcome world 

I can confirm  that I did not laugh or happy untill MURICA. Thank you Bromana. 
FACT
As a Californian who lived in the uk. I can say that Englands' pubs has more fat women. 

The picture says Europe ;), the UK only counts as Europe when they feel like being European. Otherwise they are on the blessed island, with their hooligans, chubby pub ladies and cricket...

I feel like all the fat women in the US don't go to bars as much though.

Nebraskan here. Can confirm that they do. .(As a side note I'm currently "living" in Ireland... fat chicks go to clubs here, too. And dress like the other girls... what is it with shorts that show your "ass cleavage" and why do they make them in UK sz 18 (US sz 14)????)

So you mean everytime I get drunk...I'm actually traveling to Europe's perception of reality?
No, Reddit's perception of Europe's reality.

If you ever need a reminder of why the world hates America, just look at the comments made on Reddit threads when Europe is asleep. 

The world doesn't hate America. The portion of the world who would hate America based on the comments of the silliest elements of the country are idiots.

It's not .It's the most apparent attitude from America as a whole, which happens to be represented on Reddit also. .Oh and if you think.Do a bit of traveling and get back to me. 

What's so bad about bulldogs? 
id chose a bulldog any day!

You have two options a cute goofy lovable bulldog or one of those rats that never stop barking with an obnoxious pink jacket that looks like it belongs to some chick that wears those sweat pants that say juicy on the back. 

I'm surprised the hive mind hasn't downvoted this into oblivion..A note to the hive mind, if you haven't been to Europe, you haven't seen trashy, smelly people.
Yes, the US has them too, but so does the rest of the world.

The america pic looks more fun anyway

Europe is asleep, America is awake. This whole post is a big american circlejerk at the moment. .Inb4 downvoted into oblivion by americans..EDIT: Point proven.

You're being downvoted because it's 2 AM here on the east coast..In short you're being downvoted because you are wrong.

Reddit doesn't know what the inside of a bar looks like

The dogs should be reversed though. 

Whatever.  I dig fat chicks.

Survival experts like Les Stroud always say that to keep away wild animals you have to make yourself look bigger and more intimidating. We're like this to keep away bears...

I love that Canadian bastard. 
Yes the Russian bears...
the bear jews
Or just the black and brown ones.
Why are we comparing an entire continent to a single country?
I know, right? Totally unfair to Europe.

Because country/continent doesn't matter as much for the sake of this comparison as does the differences in society, culture, and the perceptions thereof..The US has a population of around 315 million, the EU around 500.  But the EU includes 28 members, meaning that a comparison of the United States to any individual member would be even more imbalanced..Also, when creating a comparison that is favorable to the US, it is even more convincing (and more fair) to include all of the EU instead of only one individual European country.  For example, saying our space program has had more success than that of Lithuania is a silly statement..Furthermore, due to their close proximity and long-standing histories, it is easy as a non-European to group European countries together in the same way that non-Americans would likely group Americans into a single category instead of thinking of them based on their individual states.
If anything the America side looks bang on to an English pub.
I took a class at uni that was trying to answer just that. We concluded that people in the states often think of Europe as the European Union, and are therefore comparing America with "Europe" one to one.
But America and Europe are both continents right?


The EU is young. I believe is has to do with the fact that they are more comparable. Size and pop. 
In Europe hot bitches double fist appletinis.
And 'double fisting' does NOT have that meaning in Europe. I myself misunderstood an American relating some drinking story, to the amusement of all involved.
Uh.. yeah, I got distracted at 'fist'
I've never seen an appletini in Europe. 
I have..But only on TV.
i thiiiiink she's double fisting manhattans. which is some seriously badass bourbonry. (or just really classy alcoholism)

Bourbon....a product of America.
Manhattan....a part of the biggest city in America.

Thin American here. Yes, we exist.

here, have a twinkie on me

Too soon :'(
Too soon? They're back on the shelves starting this week. I have a box in my kitchen.

Give it like a week or something.
Fear not! They are soon to be back on the shelves!
Wut?  You know they're back, right?
The thing is that the vast majority of people mourning the loss of twinkies don't actually eat them.
That girl on the left is hot on 2 continents!

The American side reminds me of Snooki...
I'd hit it a couple of times and then ax her if she has friends.
To be honest the left hand side picture, save for a few details looks like an English pub. I mean, do you even have that kind of carpet in the US? .I bet this used to say Britain / Europe.Edit : AND the dog is a Bulldog!

Just western europe because if it was all there would be one nice area and a very large poor area on the other side
Pretty sure you are right. Most bars in the US don't have carpeting for obvious reasons. I remember walking through a pub in London once and feeling like I was walking on a big wet sponge. Carpet is probably a bad choice for a pub. .Hotels and upscale lounges here usually have carpet though. When you pay $10 for a drink you tend to spill it less.
Someone else pointed out that the "US" picture is actually an image advertising Hollyoaks - which is a British abomination of a TV show

That doesn't mean it isn't pointed at Americans though, is the show very mocking?
The show isn't about Americans at all - most British TV shows are about British people.It's not mocking either - it's a soap like Eastenders
Than this post is very stupid. 

Left looks like England, right looks like California or Vegas. 
Yep the left looks like some dirty east end pub - before the hipsters moved in.

I've seen this poster somewhere before, was it for Channel 4 or something? Left side is definitely UK...


I was also somewhat confused by this. Left pic looks very English, apart from the "saloon" sign.

Came here to say that! That carpeted floor and the pint jug oh and not forgetting the little stools (most likely stained) around the tables...yep definitely looks like one of the local pubs around here!
I don't understand glorification of Europe for 2 reasons. First is that Europe has its good and bad like anywhere else. Second is that I'm in California, and I can't say with any honesty that it's as horrible as people picture the U.S. I goddamn love this state..TL;DR: California rocks, the rest of the union can suck it.
Southern Californian here. Dude, I freakin' love Calfornia. I spend every summer day in the ocean and have access to some pretty stellar fresh produce. Strawberries! I've been to a lot of other states, but none are quite like here. For better or worse, though I side with the former. 
Some of the stuff redditors talking about "america" has never applied to me. All the religion opression stuff is the most foreign to me. Racism still exists but you don't find high schools having separate proms and you don't have local (whatever the position is called that gives marriage licenses) refusing to grant them to mixed race couples. .I fucking love california.


We see what we're most attuned to - most people here are american so they largely notice the anti-american circlejerk. I'm from the EU, so I happen to notice a lot of anti EU or European comments. It's reddit, it's shitty towards everyone.
I was thinking the same thing about the right side panel. It is more like California, not Europe.
Said no one outside of California ever.

Irony: That's an English Bulldog.

Is he English if he was born in America?.edit: forgot a word
Plot twist: it's a swallow.
European or African?

The whole America side of the picture looks more like a British pub than anything else to me.
It is - it is an advert for Hollyoaks (British TV show for those who don't know or care). 
Especially the guy wearing a sweater. There's just something so British about a dude wearing a sweater at a bar. 
Jumper, he's wearing a jumper.

.
.

Yes, well that's what cherry picking stats that reflect you post war dominance which is largely due to the money you made during the war whilst Europe crumbled. Thanks for the extortionate loan btw and crippling the world's economy when we finally paid it back. Slow clap. 

Sorry chaps, we've got a far higher density of Olympic champions.

Those people fleeing Europe, at least in the beginning, were in search of a land that would accommodate their religious extremism.  We killed people for the "crime" of witchcraft well after the Europeans outgrew that barbarism.  The legacy of a culture spawned from nut cases includes evolution denial, abstinence only sex education curricula, and vestiges of theocracy like out motto and a corrupted Pledge of Allegiance.  Europeans may be only slightly thinner and more photogenic than Americans, but they are markedly less inclined toward the most foolish manifestations of faith than inhabitants of these fifty states.
Best post of the discussion.

Moot thanks to the No Child Left Behind act, which holds federal money ransom unless high schools graduate X number of students yearly..I believe the word you're looking for is ..

And America still beats out most all of Western Europe and most of the rest of Europe. What is there Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg and Spain. And yes technically the Scandinavian countries, but come on that's just not even a fair comparison. (Ireland? Guess there's something to be said for the Irish way of life)

I don't know, the first place I went to out of the country was Europe and I've never felt happier/more at home than any other place I've been to.

I moved from Alabama to Ireland, it was a nice upgrade. :P
If this was a Civ game America would have potentially 4 different Victory conditions.
Just an FYI, we escaped Europe for religious freedom. .So how do you think that's working out?
Erm, Europe is not a single country. Never has been and luckily, never will be. I know you never said it is, but in your post you keep on referring to people as "Europeans" - I assure you very few to no people go "I'm European". But that was not my main point..While the USA may be number 1 in space exploration, there have been people from Europe ..
Mind you, what you said is true. The USA has achieved astonishing things over the years. I am not going to try to undermine those achievements, they are indisputably true. But I'd still never live in the USA. I would go to visit as a tourist, but never live, despite the fact that my country is presently in a very bad state. Here are some reasons:.As I said, the US is a wonderful place. I wish someday I'd have the time and money to tour it all. I would like to experience its amazing nature and huge cities. I have known quite a few Americans who are lovely and great fun. But I would never live there. I'd rather stay in my post-communist country.
I don't mean to sound like I'm defend anything, just felt like getting this out there. And, yes, I do agree with you on a lot of what you said.    .The thing is, many Americans feel the same. They want to visit a country in Europe, but they wouldn't want to live there. Like the old saying goes, "There's no place like home." I've traveled to a lot of foreign lands, but I don't think I can ever feel right unless I'm in my home state. I completely understand how you feel on this.   .The healthcare is shit, always has been. It's a money game pure and simple. I hate it, but instead of abandoning my country, I'm going to stay and try my best to make it better for the next generations. I wish we had some sort of universal or national healthcare system. But, we're trying.   .Academically, we've fallen off because of baby Bush, he implemented some horrible programs that has hurt the educational system and they are hard to get rid of now.   .The illiteracy is mainly due to a lot of immigrants coming to this country. So, the illiteracy rate may be due to that more than just the educational system.   .Religious fundamentalism is in every country. It may seem like it's bad from news reports or stupid reddit posts, and it is more localized to certain parts. I live in what some would call a pretty religious town and state. Yet, we've really never had any problems on this front. I can't speak for the whole nation, just as you can't speak for all of Europe, but here we get along just fine, as far as I can tell.   .We're working on the internet stuff, so, we're trying at least. Like many things, this boils down to money and abilities. Many major cities can get connections, but some of the smaller towns just don't have the abilities. Hell, there's even parts of some states that don't even have electricity because of how the companies have set up their way of doing business. It seems to be purely about greed more than anything.   .If you ever did come around to my part of the US, I would make sure you had a great time and enjoyed yourself. I would give you plenty of tips on where to go, what to do, and how to navigate the area. We get tons of visitors to our little town for some reason, it's a town founded by Germans.   .Again, I agree with a lot of what you said. And, there are many of us trying to make a change. But, just look at where you may be from and see where you guys are doing things wrong and such. Every place has its problems and clashes with how things should be done. I think we should start focusing more on how we are alike and how we can work together to better everybody's life on this planet rather than just bickering about who's better than who. Jus' sayin'.

Russians launched Sputnik first, which shocked America into starting their space program since their global prestige took a dive. Russians were the first to put a dog, then later a man and woman into space. They put the first lunar lander on the moon and created the soyuz program, and sent some of the first probes to most of the planets. They were also the first to develop the ICBM, which pushed America into the space race.  

dont forget your awesome justice system... wait.oh and your weird churches and cults.ah and i almost forgot that every lunatic can have a firearm :D
The reason americans work more than europeans is because your wages are so shitty that you can't live off them. That's nothing to be proud of.
Are you sure the U.S. dominates in academic performance? I thought it was Finland or one of the East Asian countries. 
While I agree with you on this, you have to realize many of these statistics are more a byproduct of bureaucratic categorization than sheer actual differences. .Americans are the most generous because our social support system is the most lacking of all OECD countires. 
U.S has the highest education attainment because we have one of the most inflated educational systems. (Living in Germany, I can safely say that the graduates of the old 13 grade "Gymnasium" or academic tracked high schools (non-vocational) are more knowledgeable than the AVERAGE college graduate in the U.S).American universities are ranked top because our university system focuses resources on the top few %, where as many other countries has a more equalized system, where the actual degree matters more than the university that you go to. (Not saying anything about the philosophy behind this, but it does give an idea of the reasons behind this).The U.S performs well in Universities because it relies on foreign brain drained talent. The native U.S population is utterly lacking in terms of STEM education. Over 70% of engineering Phds are foreign born, or kids of foreign born individuals. .The U.S is certainly THE economic juggernaut in the world today, but because of this, a lot of our structural problems are disguised by our immense relative wealth. 

Satire? Or honest cherrypicking?
"most productive workers"...and then Reddit happened...

Alright man, calm down. No need to get patriotic on us, it was JUST a joke....Lighten up.
And the Industrial Revolution started in England.  That was pretty legit, too..Seriously, why are you so defensive?  Nobody is questioning America's hegemony.  The post is making a joke out of how absurd the not uncommon American view of life in Europe, is. (Correct comma use?  I'm always unsure with that sort of thing.)  The grass is greener on the other side of the Atlantic..It might be, though, it does rain a lot in parts of Europe.

And the award of Mr. America goes to..


Yeah, we're also the only developed country not to provide healthcare to their citizens, saddle people in their 20's with hundreds of thousands in student loan debt which they will never pay back because they can't get a job and even if they do get a job, it will come with working 80 hours a week with no time off or benefits of any kind. And it will be like this until they ret- oh no wait, pensions don't exist anymore, so no one will ever retire, which means it will be like this until we die. Meanwhile, Europeans actually look after their citizens and provide them the healthcare they need, provide for higher education, and have short work weeks with 4-6 weeks of vacation with guaranteed pensions. You're cherry picking the good stuff while not realizing that as far as social policies go, America is stuck in the Baby Boomer era. Europe is a far better place to live, hands down. I don't give two fucks about all the  capitalistic bullshit "innovation" we've supposedly done. We are still a piss-poor excuse for a country.
I also like how europeans aren't obsessed with metal toys that go pow pow and kill hundreds of thousands of their citizens each year.
I completely agree with you. It's hard to be proud of being from a country where we have people who think religion should be part of the government and who believe universal healthcare is a handout for lazy people. 

brb with popcorn. This is going to be good.
You should travel more. 
I don't even like his comment, but yours is meaningless. If he traveled more, then he'd have a different set of stats?

Perhaps more accurate ones, yes. 

Some of your stats are wrong..Here's just the secondary ed one

also: America is Back to Back World War Champions!


Ah, yes, the latecomers...

A distinction you share with the UK (and Canada, India, Australia etc) and France. And those countries didn't show up late.
France... Prfffffttt

I'd like to say that I shed a red white and blue tear, but the fact of the matter is that while America is a strong, and powerful nation, it isn't necessarily the greatest. For example, we don't even rank in the top 50 most happiest countries, and our prison population is #1 in the world..So while it's one thing to be proud of being an American, comparing yourself to the entire population of another country that you most likely have no knowledge of is embarrassing and shameful..I just wish we could all just get along. The world is an amazing and diverse place, filled with great people and not so great people. Get on with it.

Thank you. People focus too much on minor bad shit and they forget about how awesome 99% of their country is.

Meh, you should like a lot of what is wrong with America. Pump kids up with so much self esteem that they don't feel the need to work for anything. .Remember the Reddit post about American students liking Math and Science until they realize its hard?  Well, that's what I'm talking about. .If young Americans really think their country is "99%" great then the country is screwed.  That's the entitlement mentality in disguise. .How can a country improve if they think almost nothing is wrong in the first place? 

Its cause we love picking on the most successful people. Its easy. And because america is so successful, they naturally have a very high involvement in world events, so theres always a way to blame them, regardless of fault.
There is a story someone from Uruguay told me:  ."I love being from Uruguay, it's such a small country, if we do a single thing right, everyone cheers! They say things like '.' It's great, our entire country gets to celebrate every little victory. .And what of the United States? Everyone expects them to be the best at every single thing. They win the Olympics? They have best university? No one cares. They invent new technology? They land on Mars? Eh, it is expected, no one cares. But wait, they are only ranked third in something? They are not the leader in something? Everyone point and laugh at the failure of the United States, look at this big country that lost to a smaller one! What a failure they are!!.And that, is why I am glad to be from Uruguay."

USA USA

"Meanwhile, Europeans have never even launched a human into orbit.".Russia? 

He didn't mention that, because the Russians were first.

Probably because Europeans only consider Russia a part of Europe when it benefits them. 
Regardless of that fact though.. it . still part of Europe.


Most of Europe doesn't consider Russia "European."


Please tell me you're a Yank making an assumption....Russia is a part of Europe, and most of Europe would agree.
a part of Russia is a part or Europe.

Reddit's anti-American circlejerkers just TD;DR'ed.

Its just like July 4th again!! God bless murica!!
TD;DR?

Too Dead; Didn't Reply
Too Dumb; Didn't Read

I can't even keep up with these things anymore.
While this may be true currently it will not be in the near future as America is falling behind other developed nations, when you look at the 25-34 age range America is behind 10 other countries. Furthermore, when you then proceed to look at tertiary education America is behind 13 other countries in the 25-34 range. ...Certain Universities are ranked high but the overall educational performance of American students, however, is not. In fact take your pick here is three different rankings on educational performance and America is behind multiple nations on everyone and as low as 31 on some of the lists. .. .. ...America certainly has some strong points but so do lots of European countries and you are being awfully selective about the things you highlight. Why tech companies and not automobile companies? or oil companies? Nevermind the fact that, that list is not even close to up to date or even accurate, considering Samsung has a market cap of over $170B which is more than 7x the current market cap of Dell and 3x the market cap of HP, nor does it mention Foxconn or Fujitsu. .Why talk about the space program but ignore programs like CERN? .Why pick HDI and not mention Quality of Life rankings where America is behind 10 European countries. .. .Why not compare crime rates between Europe and America, to see for example that the homicide rate is 8x worse than countries like Austria and Norway. .. .Why not bring up Social mobility rankings, which is basically the "American Dream", to see how most of Europe ranks well ahead of America. ...Why not bring up the Nobel prizes per capita where America is behind many European countries? ...Why don't we look up life expectancy and compare those stats? Because when we do we see America trailing more than half the EU. ...Do we also want to compare the quality of healthcare systems, because there is another one America is behind more than half the EU. ...I could keep going for a while but you get the point. America has some great aspects but it also has some awful aspects, like most countries in this world. It would be great if America could actually look to places that do certain things much better and try to learn from them, but it becomes tough to do with the "America #1" chanting going on from some people.

Anyone serious about making things better knows to look elsewhere to get ideas. Leaders all over the world do that, even in the US. That doesn't mean that they always agree that the other ways ARE better, or would work as well in the US as they do elsewhere.  .Other than that, I basically agree with you, while I also disagree with one or two specific elements of what you said. But I think that the entire argument over who's better is so idiotic that I won't jump in.  .The original post is interesting to me, because I do read a lot of "America sucks" on Reddit, from Americans and Europeans alike. People who aren't American (and many who are) think that Americans are all about the "we're #1," but I see TONS of "we're shit."
You sir, are my hero..Thank you so much for pointing these out..Also, saving for later.
thanks for confirming my bias, I sure do like confirming my own views. but in all seriousness you make so very good fair points  
I enjoy seeing such a mature, defense-oriented response in this thread comprised of manbabies putting down countries other than their own.

Seriously. I laughed when he mentioned Dell and HP. Dell's market cap has shrunken and is about to go PRIVATE because shit's bad. HP has seen its best days and probably won't survive for long before getting its assets sold off. 
They are not just cherry picked statistics, but the most generous nation statistic is 5 years out of date 
Great comment, was hoping to see something like this when I first read hivemind6's comment.

Thank you. Just, thank you. Not because one is better or one is worse, but deciding something is "best" based on HIGHLY SELECTIVE and somewhat subjective "evidence" is completely unfair and I am glad someone leveled the playing field.

Agreed.
Doesn't make it any less true if someone else says it though, so I'm not even mad.

 
I wish I could give you two votes: One for telling it like it is, and the other for not being so proud that you're okay with someone else stealing your words, just so long as the truth is told. That's double awesome.
you could use an alt account

I got you no worries..Not debating the great accomplishments of the US, but some of those stats are pretty cherry picked. I can find as many damning points by cherry picking some other facts. The OP was clearly meant as a joke, so what's the point of going on this crusade? Just as European nations dominated much of the recent history of this planet, the US has dominated the post world war world, and that's fine. As a European I'm fine with that, it doesn't in any way diminish the accomplishments and history of our continent. Also as someone with some perspective, having lived in the US for 5 years and currently working at one of those companies you mentioned, I can honestly say that the difference between living in Europe and the US is less than you think. Much is in favor of the US, but just as much in favor of Europe, depending on how you look at things. Personally, I'll be moving back soon. I found that the downsides outweighed the upsides (slightly), and that my life will be better back home in the long run. Of all the expats I've known here, many do decide stay though, but it's less common among European friends than say, Indian or Chinese.

I like how the copy of your post has over 100 upvotes while your original post got downvoted.  Gotta love the consistency 
It's almost as if Reddit is more than one small group of people.

It's almost as if everyone on this website isn't the same person, weird.

No no.  Everyone on Reddit is the same person.  You just have mood swings.
Fuck you, I don't have mood swings you piece of shit.


Europe has never even put a human into low earth orbit.
oh look its spastic hivemind again. I dunno how I knew it was gonna be you. While you are right. The ridiculous thing is you do feel superior. Oh yeah....im that guy you insist is trolling you
The Soviet Union have ..

America. So bad people shoot themselves into space to get out of it. 

Russia 


Alternate title: Populations who think they have anything to do with their country's past successes.
Russia is in Europe. So.... . . kosmonaut.
Russia has landed on the moon as well. 

Yeah you're forgetting Russia there

Wernher Magnus Maximilian, Freiherr von Braun (March 23, 1912  June 16, 1977) was a German rocket scientist, aerospace engineer, space architect, and one of the leading figures in the development of rocket technology in Nazi Germany during World War II and, subsequently, in the United States. He is credited as being the "Father of Rocket Science"..:

Well, some Germans did help in the whole "Landing on the moon" thing. .(BATTLESTATIONS!)
Wernher von Braun pretty much invented the entire thing back in ~1940 (Nazi Germany). Too bad it would take another war before he was granted permission to build a manned lunar version.

More like they did all the work and in exchange they weren't prosecuted as war criminals or some shit and were given citizenship instead. 

Who is this multitude of people you are referring to? 
As far as I know the only person who's knowledge was instrumental to the program was that of Wernher Von Braun. You make it sound like the US just imported a bunch of scientists and sat back and made them do the whole thing. 
Actually....They imported over 200? German scientists who were former employees of von Braun.  He managed to bring much of his close team over to the Americans, allowing them to rapidly reproduce V2 testing in America.  Simply bringing von Braun wouldn't have worked because he was a brilliant manager more-so than he was an engineer or scientist.  No one person could easily recreate the rocket program..From my reading of von Braun's biography.
 I'm American, but I also know history is painted not in black and white but shades of gray.

Yes, Operation Paperclip was basically this - they got as many German rocket scientists as they could to start their own program. Braun is simply the most famous of them.
That's pretty much what happened, yes..Read up on Operation Paperclip if you're really interested in the subject. 

Germans were just a base ingredient. The soup still needed some extra "spice" to give it that real lunar kick..Germans+Germans= Rockets in atmosphere.Germans+Russians= Dead space dogs.Germans+Americans= Subjugated Moon-people

Chemical X?
The whole US space program didn't really lift off before the Germans were involved. And the Russians captured the German scientists that weren't smart enough to follow von Braun to the US.
Umm, Robert Goddard's ghost would like to have a word with you.  While he didn't make a V-2, he also didn't have the resources and slave labor with which to do so.  And despite not having massive government support (in fact he was ridiculed in the press), he still applied three-axis control, steerable thrust, gyroscopic stabilization, multi-staging, and liquid fuels to rocketry..It was a shame he died so soon after the war, I'm certain that he would have been thrilled beyond belief to see how the theories and designs he came up with were adapted to the US Space Program.  In fact, Werner von Braun said of Goddard:
I dunno, I don't think an intelligent person would evaluate nations solely by whether they had performed moon landings before...

Holy shit! We put a whole country on the moon?!?  How did we get back down?
McDonald's. 

Europe put the 

You would probably find it best to exclude Russia from Europe in a USA vs. Europe debate.

Only if I get to exclude California and Florida from the United States!

He was born in Klushino in Russia which still is in the European part of Russia if I remember correctly..Both the US and Soviet Russia also relied on the knowledge of captured German rocket scientists and engineers without which the space programs back then probably wouldn't have been possible.
There's actually no hard agreed upon boundary of where Europe ends and Asia begins. There are political boundaries such as the European Union and the boundaries between Russia and countries like the Ukraine, but there's no universally agreed upon border between Europe and Asia. It's why the landmass as a whole is becoming more commonly referred to as Eurasia..Source: I'm a geographer..Also I have seen the Wikipedia page of "European Russia" and I've seen manya rticles about where the borders lie. I'm not saying people haven't submitted an argument, just that there's nothing agreed upon in the same way as you see with North and South America..Also also there are ethnic Russians, ethnic Slavs, ethnic Italians, etc... there is no "ethnic European" with which to draw the boundary.


Alternative title: Countries yet to adopt the metric system.
Speaking as an engineer and someone for which units matter, I just can't understand the idea that so many people possess that using the metric system somehow makes you more advanced and civilized or otherwise endows you with some sort of superiority or magical powers..They're just units. You can do all the same things in imperial units that you can in metric. Honestly I think using funny units like ours that make life a fraction more difficult help students to slow down a tiny bit more and think about what the units mean a little more when they're solving a problem and I think that's a good thing when you're learning.


That is inaccurate sir as Liberia and Myanmar also don't use the metric system. 
Hey how many kilometers per hour do you drive in London?

Actually, London (the UK?) uses miles per hour for speed on the road. In fact, they use miles and yards for distance on the road too. 
Source: I was there 2 weeks ago and was quite amazed by that. 
I think that was his point, but I guess you pointed it out for those who didn't get it. 
Whoosh

IMPERIAL units - British EMPIRE ....do you think there might be a connection between these two?

Hey now, the guys at . know the metric system pretty well.

Do you really not think the US uses metric?

Hmmm, the US uses a different system of measurement AND we've been on the moon. I sense a strong correlation here!

Something something confirmed!

Apparently the metric system isn't a prerequisite for accomplishing the dreams of untold generations of predecessors. .BUT GUISE IT COUNTS IN TENS AND THAT'S OBVIOUSLY BETTER THAN THE OTHER ARBITRARY SYSTEM

Two things: one, decimals system . better; two, if you think the metric system is arbitrary you should do some reading..Third: your system uses the metric system everyday. Because your "system" is nothing but a layer on the top of the metric system. Your system is a meta system.
He was being sarcastic and called the imperial system arbitrary, not metric.
Except all the work we've done for NASA has been metric... So I guess that's why they got to the moon.

So what yo're saying is the metric/standard thing is a non-issue regardless? 

Right you are. Science is done in metric the world over -- including in the US. So the states would have used metric to get to the moon, but it hasn't been adopted as the national standard. 
I used to work on the solar panels for satellites at an American company, and I can confirm that they use a mix. Sometimes, they even use a mix for one component - the solar cells, for example, had their surface area measured in square centimeters and their thickness measured in thousanths of an inch. Most of the solar wing was in inches..And just in case anyone was wondering: Yes, it is stupid.

Except for that Mars rover that had its calculations done in feet, but was programmed in meters.

That sounds incredibly foolish

It crashed
Fucker buried.

We don't talk about that one.
I don't see Liberia shaded green on that map.

Jimmies rustle softly.

Only dreams now. 

Thank you

Not true. Mexico is now the worlds fattest country. Not America. WE NUMBER 2! We NUMBER 2!!!! Hell yeah

For once I'm proud to say we aren't number 1
And Australia is tied with us!
Did you watch Real Time?

Hah. I was wondering the same thing.
We were never number one, unless you're only counting prominent nations. There's a lot of small island countries that have staggering rates of obesity, I believe the US ranks at about the number 10 fattest country.
Jules: I wouldn't go so far as to call the brother fat, I mean he got a weight problem. What's the nigger gonna do? He's Samoan.

Kuwait is also fatter then us were...number 3?
There are quite a few tiny Middle Eastern countries near Kuwait/ UAE area that are up there.

I remember hearing Australia was fatter than America as well like a year back. Did that change?
I heard that too.. not sure what the current stats are.
So is Australia. Number 4?
America! We're not the worst! We're not the worst!

That reminds me of sports days at school. Every time, in every race, I came last. Except one time where I was second to last. I felt as though i'd won. I was well chuffed!
Nah US and Australia merged so they're both the same spot now.

'Muristralia.
Well it always evens out best when there is a paired upspin and downspin.

Ameristralia is properly gerrymandered so that all the fatties count as Americans, and all the rest count as Aussies, regardless of which continent they reside.
So I'm an Aussie now? I can deal with that, cunt.
Well since I'm an American all of a sudden... Hey buddy, you can't just go around running your mouth like that in these parts. (American's are considered like insinsere Canadians to my former fellow Australians. Acting polite, but with an underlying rage)


Living in Texas, I see that America's getting part of that fat from Mexicans that live here. [Disclaimer: I am not a racist]
Nice save.

It's not racist. That's shown to be true statistically. I think there were numbers showing 80%+ of African American women were overweight, with Latino communities not far behind. .Not racial at all. It's pretty simple, good and healthy food is expensive in this country compared to say, Burger King. Strangely enough, in the USA generally being fat is frequently a symptom of poverty. And minorities suffer higher rates of poverty. It's no coincidence that the healthiest states are also the richest. .So yeah they bring up the numbers pretty significantly. 
Its because the food is AMAZING!
plus the DNA floating around Centeral-America loves to convert carbs to fat.

Texan American of Mexican decent here, can confirm.
Good riddance..F*cking geese.
so was this an illegal alien goose or just an American eagle flying in Canada's airspace looking to fuck shit up?
That must have been one hungry eagle to go after a goose.  Geese maybe slow but they're powerful and of course usually travel together.  .The other option is that goose was already hurt or already dead.  Bald Eagle can be quite opportunistic (read vulture like).  That's part of the reason that Benjamin Franklin wanted the . to be the US's national bird.
Both wrong. Canada was just out havin a good time and 'Murica struts up tryin to put the moves on.
Canada:"sorry dude, I'm not gay"
'Murica:"whaa? Neither am I... hey is that Quebec over there talking to France? BAM! GHB in Canada's Molson. .Edit:  cuz 'murica likes to gay-rape his friends
We are sorry for Justin bieber and nickelback. We are trying to give then to Germany. Because they are Jews. And they need to burn. 
Pretty sure it'd be:
This is the only reason why I'm staying in college 
for some reason that girl's legs look a lot like fingers.
Step one and two are step three... there is no ??? to be had.... Money + Awesome car = Naked Chicks... 
Step 3. Cocaine is a hell of a drug.
How is this funny?
why bother buying lamb? just go over and bang her!
It looks like she's hanging over a door that's not there.
The door is not there, it's open. Scissor doors, they open vertically,  it is above her. 
Well that's what I meant.
I thought a man with a Lamborghini would have classier taste. 
I think step three is putting cocaine on your penis
3 - Dip you penis in a bag of cocaine 4 - naked chick blow jays
3 = Alcohol 
Is it just me or does her body look like it's folding really oddly? o_o
Step 3: Profit.
Step 5. Profit
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
Sadly still probably won't help.Source: grad school
C'mon scratch ticket...
The girl looks like photoshopped fingers ._.
There is no step 3.  Get rich + Buy a Lamborghini = Naked chicks.
you can't fool us Art Major
Whose to say that's not the owner out for a naked joy ride? =)
NSFW tag maybe? 
Nope. .Get a real job maybe?
You need a NSFW tag when the title literally says naked chicks?
Pssh! I don't come here to read, just to look at the pictures. Lol
Some people have RES and like to open every image at once. Who has time to open every single one at a time?
I have RES and open each individual one because if the thumbnail looks sketchy for work, I'm not opening it. At least not without going incognito.
What did u think would happen
Is this a new winter x games event?
Awesome.
Cute, but I'm not buying that it's an actual crash. If you tilt your screen back, you can see the forensics.
I mean.. there's footprints leading up to it.
Fake and homosexual
Shutup you fig newton.
Who doesn't love a snow angel? 
Fake. Glentress, btw.
Um yeah no one likes WBC, but this is just wrong.  
The WBC are absolutely compelled by their beliefs to do what they do, and as such are a very good advert for atheism..Sadly, the reverse is true for these guys..The way to defeat the WBC is to give them enough rope, not sink to their level.
Great, now we know for certain there are Shithead's on both sides.  I support equality and all but this makes us look worse than them.
I don't know... The WBC are definitely scumbags, and truly deserve this - after all, its inherently no different from any of the stuff they do, so really they can't complain. 
...really? People like you are most of the problem. An eye for an eye leaves the world blind. I'm all for counter protests. And yes they are dicks. But this is sinking below their level. Making our side look like complete idiots.
under most circumstances, I would agree with you completely, but I have followed the WBC story for a long time, and counterprotested them myself, but they have twisted motives, and are not reasonable like you or I. In this particular case, I say, hit 'em where it hurts.
I fail to see how a reasonable person would want to "hit'em where it hurts"
I have counter protested many times and it makes me sad to see people with the same views as me claim to be reasonable people and yet still have malicious intent. That's not reasonable at all. 
The way I see it, it is well within the constitutional rights of the WBC members to do what they do. Granted, it is terrible, and incredibly socially disruptive and abusive and malicious, but it is within their right, and they have no qualms exercising those rights. .It is similarly well within the rights of the people in OP's article to retaliate in kind. .Thousands of people have tried to be reasonable with the WBC, and explain how unfair and hurtful and offensive etc they are, but they thrive on that, and the social unrest they create just adds fuel to their own fire. .The people in OP's article have devised a clever and, in context - pretty amusing, way to use the same mechanism against the WBC. I don't think it makes "our side" seem crazy - first of all, its a completely understandable and peaceful response to the pushing and prodding of the WBC, and secondly, they are not claiming to be associated with any actual functional GLBT rights organizations or lobbying groups - it is pretty clear - to me at least - that they act independently..Edit: So I just saw ., which is amusing, but NOT my reasoning.
With Respect..I agree with you 98%.This 2% i do not agree with 
" I don't think it makes "our side" seem crazy ".People don't care about the peaceful protests. They want action packed adventure and drama. Peaceful protest don't deliver that. Although childish acts of retaliation do deliver that. Then all that gets noticed is that. Then someone recites it to a group lunch table and then "Boom" Someone , like myself, will say. "what a bunch of idiots, I thought they were more reasonable people that that.".Yes they are within their rights. And yes they are idiots for making us all look like we support that kind of behavior. I know I don't so I voice it. .What if his mom supported equality and it was his dad or great aunt Irene that beat inequality in is head? Now someone on our side has been desecrated by us. (That's a BIG IF) When Phelps was five years old, his mother died of cancer. He was 5. So is she responsible for raising him and instilling his views?
Well, they are satanists, so the chances of them being grouped in on "our" side isn't that great. Your integrity is still intact
Don't judge people for there religious views. Your a Dick. I could be a satanist and just been quite insulted by that. .Yes they are on our side They are protesting for the same reason I have protested. Just in a different way.  
I disagree. Now what I'm going to say could very easily be misinterpreted so I'm going to try and say it as precisely as possible. I'm pretty conservative and a Christian. I believe that being gay is a sin. That being said, so is sex before marriage, lying (no matter how small and insignificant) and a lot of other day to day stuff that EVERYBODY does. Westboro Baptist and their 'holier than thou' attitude about things is totally hypocritical since clearly they're not perfect, nor in a place to be the judge about which people deserve to go to hell and which ones don't. No one should go around condemning people for what they do, even if they think it's wrong. Personally, a lot of my best friends are gay. That doesn't change how I feel about them as my friends because guess what? I'm not God and no one is perfect, myself included..In a nutshell, I don't think that this is just a two sided 'our side vs. their side' thing. There's a lot of people in the middle who don't agree with pretty much anything Westboro Baptist does, but it could be for slightly different reasons. As for me, I really would rather not lump myself in with the satanists. 
well, saying "its true because I said so, and it is" is not a reasonable approach to an argument - but I do agree that the logic you follow after that is plausible. .However, in my opinion, if they succeed in making WBC think - just a moment longer - about what it is they are really doing, then its worth it. Where do you turn when all else has failed? .An adage, sometimes attributed to Einstein goes: "Insanity is trying the same thing the same way over and over, and expecting different results".I tend to agree..EDIT: the role of his mother - other than as someone whom he would care deeply about, is irrelevant. 
Who said he even cared about her? He may hate her.
if that is the case, then the gesture is lost. 

I'm not saying its true because i said so, You misunderstand..I feel If I am being quoted, quote correctly. I should have been clear about that, My apologies..I do see value in your opinion, I bet it did make them think. .But I just cant agree with the "taste of your own medicine" technique. .I say they make us all look like idiots because we all know 1 bad apple spoils the bunch. 1 persons actions has many, many times in the past make a group look stupid. To me this is one of those times
you may be right. The only way to know for sure is to wait and see how it plays out in the media. 

Well, OK, I get that two wrongs don't make a right, but holy crap is that funny at a very awkward and creepy level.  I want an IAMA with Phelps' to get his reaction.  
Dude doesn't have a clue. He's 30, unmarried and not exactly very funny.
Just smile and wave boys just smile and wave 
what are they doing at work when they should be in . ?
Nothing to see here! No...we aren't 
They are judging you.
What are those?
They are sonobuoys they are used to find submarines (when they work) 
Build a couch cushion coral reef!
(Chomp Chomp) 
I'm more curious as to why your son has only one hand
x-post this to 
Looks like the shark got the upper hand!
Lost an arm do do, do do do do.
Loose shark! loose shark!
we are not amused too... keed your ugly baby to yourself or on facebook
Well how would you feel if he already got your hand...
Well ya, his shirt is to big.  I am sure he feels foolish, have your tailor bring his sleeves up.
Goddammit, Nick!  You can't just outright state your curiosity over someone's missing hand!
?.Your son was attacked! you animal!
new face of r/cringepics?
Pull your shit together it says why right in the title
16 years later, your son encounters the same shark as a hologram in Jaws 14.
Jaws 4: Bye Bye, Baby
Sharknado strikes again 
Looks like he's all right now.
Shark attack
Or a loose seal?
Nor am I...
DAMN! That is gory. How about a nsfw next time.
this is exactly what my kitten looked like!
Behold!!! The legendary Catling Gun.
If you do not do this with your cat, then you have failed at life.
Hello!
hello!
As a kid I remember how sad I was when my cat was to big to be a kitten pistol and had to be transformed into a kitty cat assault rifle, Maine Coon shotgun, or my fav the sniper rifle with front leg bipod
It's just clinging to him xD
Laser cat!
Laser Cats!
Laser cats! (apologies if someone else got in first)
In the future, there was a nuclear war. It mutated all the cats into... laser Cats!

FPSRussia all over again
I'd point it the other way around lol
Kitty Gat

Your holding it backwards 
It looked like he was getting ready to tear that cat in half.
It is a nice mustache
I taw I taw a puddy tat,  a pwetty pwetty puddy tat!
Wow, your tv setup reminded me of Tony Soprano's.

I'd like to see more CATS NOT GUNS placards at anti-gun rallies

I don't know why but you remind me of Freddie mercury
cat's like god dammit he got me again
Bill Cowher!

Hello little friend. 


My sister does this to her cat all the time. And the cat doesn't mind at all.
Shooting up votes instead of bullets
This time with sound! (.)
It's a Cattling Gun!
David Firth has something . about this.
Your holding it backwards.  
Lazer Cats prequel?? 
FWD: Fwd: Fwd: RE: FWD: THOUGHT OF YOU - L.O.L.! :-) 

Awww, be careful! :(
You do have a point in the sense that he more than likely doesn't like this.
Kiiiiiiiiitten... ATTACK!!
Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  
With one of our cats we used to do machine gun cat and bunch of cat. He was more of an LMG than a SMG.
cool you saw the pew pew pew gif before...
Catling gun?
It's call a cat gun.

Thanks for the downvotes on the relevant humorous video clip, that isn't spamed all over reddit already.
I swear this picture and thread was posted a month ago. 
hello kitty

Now now OP, you don't have to tell the world that your boyfriend has a small penis. 
Full auto: mew mew mew mew mew mew!
Hello!
Hi cat
So stupid..... stop putting your ugly animals in this sub.... Your the only person that things it's funny. Everyone else thinks it's barely amusing.

yessss, thank you for posting this!

"Stop it, I'm not a machine gun. And I don't like when you do the Russian voice either"
Was wondering if anyone would have seen this, brilliant!
The only way to stop a bad guy with a cat is a good guy with a cat. 
Cats make deadly weapons when tossed at someone. 
It is facing the wrong way.
Manly as fuck
Don't think I'd want to touch that trigger
Is it just me or is everyone doing it wrong? Turn the cat around, fire poo at everyone!
I was hoping this was a gif. sad.

his name is Lester !
Lol! How does one come up with shit like this?
Nice cauliflower ear. Also nice fucking pussy.
Glad I wasn't the only one who noticed it!
I would gladly volunteer to be attacked by your kitten as long as I get to touch it. Looks so softtt ahh

FAKE! Fakety-fake-fake!.That cat's not even looking in the direction of the beams.

[.]

More laser cat....Actually it's just my cat watching me take a shower...
It's not fake, it's MEOWINGTONS HAX.
It would be funnier turned around. LASER BOLTS OFF OF A CAT'S ANUS MOTHERFUCKER!
How has no one mentioned Laser Cats yet?
I was just about to. Thank you for contributing to society. 
I do this with our cat, only I point him the opposite direction at my wife and make fart noises
Really, Reddit? This is front page?
Laser cats 
SHOTGUN KITTY!!!!!!
I remember when i use to do this with my cat...before it ran away :(

there was this one album of action movies with the stars that were holding guns photoshopped into thumbs up... i think someone needs to photoshop their guns into cats this time...
Even better than when I greet my husband with a surprise butthole attack..Edit: The cats butthole of course. 
I too play Laser Cat with my kitty.
Fuck the AR-15 it's time to go out and get a Catling gun
Meet 
Woulda been funnier if he held him backwards, as if the cats asshole was the barrel lol
You all are witnessing the beginnings of a Reddit army in the making. Guys, this is history. 

He's aiming his "cat gun" the wrong way!  The "cat cookies/cat cigars" are just going to end up hitting him. 

Thank you. I was having a bad day at work and this just made my day. 
Catapult

 is the original version. The cat makes me think of an older version of Karl Pilkington.
Can't believe . hasn't been linked yet!
I do this with my kitten anytime my GF comes over. (she doesn't like him)
uwe boll?
The problem with cats is thst they allways backfire
It reminds of this funny video
LAZER CATZ!
RAT-CAT-CAT-CAT!!
I use my cats as silencers. Postal taught me well
I always say this before I'm about to get laid.
This dude has to be a cop or firefighter. His mustache is a dead giveaway. 
Could be quite deadly if he faced it the other way
careful not to crush its legs bro.
Is it just me or does he look like a young Steve Jobs...
Someone please insert a "pew pew pew" sound effect. 
LAZER CATZ
Clearly a low califur catling gun.
If I know kittens, I'd say you're holding it backwards.
I think the cat should be turned around. Same thing with all these laser cats.
"Look out he's got a domesticated weapon!!!" Pew pew pow pew 
"Evil laughter!" 
"Why does he keep yelling that?!"
AK - assault kitty
Is this you?
My friend and I literally just finished doing this.
Shouldn't the cat be facing the other way?
That is an assault kitty gun based on its color, forend grip, and collapsing stock.
Just blow on the back, like a karari dart gun.
Viewed without reading the title, it looks like this guy is about to break a kitty!

source?
Saturday Night Live
Came here for this!
Uhh...  ..  Or wild.  Nobody would complain.
Was looking for this.... He needs to do this pronto

Is this some kind of unwritten guy thing? My boyfriend picks up my cat at least twice a day and "fires" it at me. You'll never see me pick up his dog and pretend it's shoes or a tube of lipstick, or something.
Nope. You have a strange boyfriend.
David Firth already did it.
I don' lie when you do that. It scares me.
I always hope someone makes this reference
MEOW MEOW MEOW 
AKat-47

Aim for the labs and german shepards first! . Keep focusing fire! . 
Yes. Yes. Now, Chihuahuas, take the ankles like the annoying little fucks you are!!!
Once saw my mom pick up our cat like this and it fired poop all over her shirt. Be sure you are aiming your cat in the right direction and maintain trigger discipline. 
Catlin gun!
Hahhchachachachaaaa! I see whacha did thar!

When laser cats are outlawed, only outlaws will have laser cats. 
was waiting for the laser cats reference
Oh bill hader
That sir is a criminal act. Kitty guns have been banned. 
Please, take care where you aim your cat. Someone could lose an eye.
Thanks Obama!
He is not my leader!
I didn't vote for him 
 lol
Well, how'd he become king then?
Public executions 
LAZER CATS!
[deleted]
Well this WAS the most obvious comment
oh you don't wanna know the real answer to that.  let's just say a little guy named jesus already took the kingdom with him.  FOREVER
Because you suck
It's fucking LASER god damn it. America can put "z"s in all the bloody words for all I care, but laser's a god damned acronym!
Lacer..Edit: Lacszer
I think the Z is generally meant ironically actually. Like sticking a Z in "warez"
LAZER CATS is a brand name of weaponized laser cats, you fuckelberry! 
A "Lazor beam"
Alright bro calm down. I'm aware of this, And I can assure you, I did not mean to spell it that way but Also too lazy to fix it. Especially because I really don't care all that much. 'MERICA! 
ight .mplification by .timulated .mission of .adiation. !
"By" not "through the"
Fixed :)
Indeed! I went to a talk recently that suggested it should be LOSER (Oscillation). That would be much more amusing, but would certainly give the word less oomph.
so how come it isn't  LABSEOR?
Oh, it annoys you when Americans put incorrect letters in words?.Well colour me surprised.
As a Canadian it bothers me that Americans play American football on a field 100 yards long instead of the correct length of 110 yards.
This is because Americans are hard workers and always give 110%, so 100 yards is enough for us, unlike you lazy, pot smoking, native children indoctrinating bastards.
I'm about to head down to the shope later.
Oh, that's my favourite! I bought some coloured armour from there.
pew pew pew
Came here looking for this.
ctrl+f pew upvote
FTFY

What is this from? 
Azumanga Daioh.
It's not.  vnkid has the right anime.  
Thank you!
What happens when it back fires ?
That was the first thing I thought of when I saw this post.
I think it's actually the girl from this anime: 
It looks like she's using the cat's butthole as a sight.
No. It doesn't.
Seriously is he high? He must have meant the tail.

In Spanish, trigger=gatillo and cat=gato. The -illo ending is a diminutive ending, so trigger=little cat. Thus, this picture makes sense.
from what i've learned, I'm pretty certain the ending is -ito
Usually, but "gato" already ends with -to so the diminutive is "gatillo", same as with "tomatillo", for example.
-ito, -illo, -ico and probably a few others are all perfectly valid diminutive endings in Spanish. Which one is attached to the word depends only on usage, and usually more than one is common/appropriate. To be fair, 'gatito' is the normal way to say 'little cat', but then the joke wouldn't work. Also, 'gato' also means 'jack', as in the one you use to lift a car. It seems to me this is the meaning that gets "diminutized" into trigger..Edit: grammar
Remember Spanish (colloquially) is very broad and different countries/regions use different diminutives. Where I live the word gatillo wouldn't used instead we would use the word gatito. In other countries to avoid the double . would use the -ico...gatico. And some words (at least in my country) can be used with multiple diminutives...palo, palito, palillo.......palillito? Ok that's too far :D
I would use "Gatito" but I believe "Gatillo" is still acceptable
Thanks for the info, I don't speak spanish so I was just trying out my deducing skills with what little words I know.
only if you're looking to create confussion on purpose... otherwise it's just gatito. (in argentina)
Exactly! The diminutive for ''gato'' its gatito (in Mexico)
So does that mean that burrito = little donkey/ass?
Yes, that's right. As a non-Mexican Spanish speaker, I always found this rather disturbing.
CatGat.
Entonces cual es el gatillo de ese gatillo? _

in russian cat pew pew you! (if you dont get it google russia jokes :P)
This. Dropped out of USC and have made 6 figures despite being abandoned by family and having a shitty work ethic. The job market is full of idiots who cannot even do the bare minimum to keep their coworkers from killing them. .Realize now that life rewards you for finding the fastest way to done, not the most elegant or technical or knowledgeable way of being done. Done is done. .My only caveat is that the world does give a shit about quality. Get good first, then get fast, then get good AND fast. But fast is and should always be the goal..Let the down votes begin!
Suddenly playing with yourself is a scholarly pursuit...
Good for both of them.
The real bastard is the guy who thinks it's ok to label himself as "scholar" for the world to see. Talk about pretentious. 
Those who know HOW usually end up working for those who know WHY.
Relevant 

as a guy who wants to pursue a career in teaching, this is depressing to an extent.
this can be true,my husband is a high school dropout,self taught computer programmer and is doing more than well;)
This is a short video of the Lamborghini
Results may vary.
Now take a look at your average dropout...
kanye?
Thought of the difference between 'the millionaire next door'  and '30 for 30 broke'.  Such cars are fun only if you can afford them,  otherwise they become a stress. 
Wat... all you have to do to get a cool car is drop out of school?! Fuck the system! I'm a drop out as of today!
Results not typical
Although not every drop out is driving a lambo it isn't surprising that hard work and conviction will get you places in life regardless of what career path you take.
Why would you think he's a bastard just because he dropped out? He probably still had to work hard, he just chose the route less chosen.
You know, man, not everyone can be a pretentious genius. 
This is sort of my life right now as a 19 year old. Everyone who tried hard in education is currently a poor student, and everyone who dropped out is earning a full time wage (albeit at a low hourly rate) and living at their parents house with no expenses..Long story short the people that dropped out at 16 have more money and nicer cars then the people at university :(
TRSTFND
I've seen that Lamborghini in NYC before! So many people were taking pics of it. 
The college students/grads seem pissed in here..The stats (in comment farther up) seem to be that 1/4 of the wealthiest did not graduate college. Pretty good odds.
pretty simple, the scholar has learned to be patient, save his money, and not leave beyond their means and has cash in savings. the dropout was too smart for his own good and not having patience has made him always find a quick road for everything and find quick ways to live the fast life and probably owns nothing.
Are message license plates narcissistic? 
They're both encouraging bad behavior. The guy in the Hyundai wants me to give him the finger, the guy in the supercar wants me to dropout.
Could be same $ but different priorities.
Dropouts are less likely to be money smart.
As a 100K+ dropout I support this message, except buying a car like that is a shit investment. Even a retard knows that!
My buddy from high school had the same mentality. He dropped out, I went onto college. I just mortgaged my first house, and just purchased my first car in cash. He's a drug addict..Don't think dropping out is gonna make you rich, kids.
Call of duty
Maybe it's the Cerebral Palsy and I'm just jealous I dont have the coordination to drive stick, but.... for 376k. I'd rather have a top of the line Tesla Model S as a daily driver, a Mercedes C class for road trips, lets see that's 120k max. S now I have 200k to spend on a decent house in my area, and 50k left to invest.  
Pretty much true.  Getting a PhD and/or doing academic research is the worst financial decision a person can make. Anyone with the academic ability and opportunity to pursue those routes could easily go in to finance or medicine and make like 10x as much money.  But while it may be a terrible financial investment, it's totally worth it for reasons of intellectual advancement and pure awesome.  And hey, driving a shitty old car is kind of fun.
From what I've read elsewhere that belongs to Phil Karl, one of the developers of the LiveProfile app
Ah...the App Store...where a good idea and a few million people with 99 can make you stinking rich. 

I bet the dropout bought that car with money he didn't have.
now everyones gunna drop put thinking this is going to happen to them LOL
DRG DLR
Doesn't mean he's more successful. It just means he doesn't need to buy expensive toys to show off to other people. He probably finds completion in his life through intellectual pursuit.
percentage of each in that situation?
A lot of losers on this thread.
It's funny that we determine success by monetary value.
But most likely a drug dealer..
"It doesn't matter how much you know, but how you use the knowledge that you have."
Slow
Sounds about right. 
Dr. Opout
repost
i know a kid whos going to be a senior in HS who when i was at school with him was ALWAYS trying to get people into "Vemma-Verve" or however it goes and according to his FB hes gonna drop out of HS once he turns 18, skip college, and change the world and become the next Zuckerberg or Gates. all while selling energy drinks through a marketing scam. hes literally going out of his way to tell people hes going to be driving a Lambo to "all the different cities in Europe" while we are all getting more stupid in college. kids FB is a fucking goldmine.
yeah but NY gives everyone a free supercar.  its one of the reasons the state is in so much debt.
My buddy has a 911 with the plate "unfair".
Yet both still arrogant asses. 
Before you drop out, realize that the type of people that drop out of college and end up rich are the people who realized halfway through their college education that they already had the skills and the business foundations to make a lot of money. Mark Zucchiniberg didn't drop out of college to go make Facebook. He made Facebook in college, realized it was obscenely profitable and then dropped out to focus completely on his business. Also, you're not a 'scholar' if you went to college to make money; your also not a scholar if you just got your degree so that you could show your big shiny brain to everyone and prove your worth.
Top one is the wife's car.
Yep, that's the American way.
No, I think that his dad loves him very much.
Maybe it's Kanye and he used some of the money from his albums, thus the dropout?.I'm reaching, I know.
the scholar didnt waste his money on a car. theres more to life than possessions. I feel like a lot of you are missing the point here.
Is that Kanye?
Dennis is a bastard man
Rich kid.
Makes sense.  .Scholar makes an intelligent decision to buy an economical car that has a low insurance rate, low registration fees, high gas milage, etc..Dropout makes a dumb penis decision to buy an overpriced car with high insurance premiums, high registration renewal fees, low gas milage, no back-seat, tiny trunk, etc.
Lamborghini Aventador . Fuck this guy ! I'm dropping out too
Owned.
Leased.
It's because you know nothing, John Snow

Someone supposedly so smart, yet they bought a hyundai
Today while walking to work I was almost hit by a guy driving a Mercedes with the completely unsurprising license plate: ATTYCPA 
Now someone Photoshop switch the license plates and it will still work, BECAUSE NOT EVERY SCHOLAR IS A MILLIONAIRE AND NOT EVERY DROP OUT IS SUCCESSFUL woooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo 
You don't have to be a college graduate to know how to take people's money.
first I was all, I'm doing something wrong as a drop out.  then I realized my brodozer would crush both of those vehicles.
People that drop out tend to follow their dreams. People that work on a day to day salary are going to expect to start out with crap because they are going to spend the rest of their life saving money.
I really like this
I can't afford either car...
hi
Jokes on you, I'd better drive a mid size SUV in my town.
Is that David Karp.
Neither of them have any money!
What's sad is that this can actually be kind of true.
Haha, I actually know this guy!.He dropped out of high school due to making a ton of money from the app (I'm not sure if it's cross platform honestly, I had it for iphone) called , I believe, Whatsapp - it's the free messenger or whatever.
We had a friend who has long since ditched us that dropped out of college due to not having the money for tuition. He now makes lots and lots of money as a video game art director while we're on food stamps with our college degrees. .As long as the place stayed in business and didn't do layoffs I'd be making so much more money right now if I'd just gone straight into a factory out of high school.
They have penises on their tail lights
Finally! I see I car on reddit that I have seen in real life, I remember his license plate. It was when the car first came out and I was in a parking lot. I side swiped the car next to me on my way out of the spot because I was so distracted from it. 
it's all about the gas mileage!
Dropout from high school, Paid for Murcielago in the garage...
That is one pretentious license plate. I'm actually rooting for the dropout now.
+1 for Pennsylvania
Solvent/indebted.
i wonder what car the bastard is driving
Sounds about right, the world's most prolific billionaires are dropouts. 
For all the wrong reasons.
He has a photo of the car on his facebook as well 
That generation of Santa-Fe kinda seems like a "Smart" vehicle to me. Like a Civic or something. I guess because it's simply designed and no frills but will never break down on you.
A fool and his money are soon parted. Old saying. 
But that doesnt mean that a dropout is a fool. In fact I remember some scientist say that his mom wanted him to get a education so she had him removed from school. .But honestly even if I had money I wont be buying expensive cars. 
I think the car on the bottom might be David Karp
The scholar has too much debt and the dropout sells drugs. America.
If there's one thing I've learned in life it's that the amount of money one makes has no correlation to anything. At all. 
For having a V12, it sure takes a long time to back that car out 

Forget downvotes, I'm commenting to save this for the future. Any chance you could expand a little on your path and how it brought you to where you are now? If you don't want to reply publicly, PM is good too.

True, maybe the guy with the Lambo is just trying to inspire people.
That's cool to hear, but don't say it too loud, reddit hates people that are better off than themselves!
What a beauty.
Your .  

I wouldn't put a Ford Explorer in that garage...
Small world, it's my video. I know the owner personally as well (he's not my friend, just a friend of a friend kind of deal).


Yeah, I don't think this picture should have a disclaimer, "Your results may vary."
Dropout because he was too good, not because he wasn't good enough.
as they say - if you can truely afford one, you can afford 3
Cause all of reddit hates people living the lives they don't. :)
Boy I sure HATE those kids in Africa.
Yeah, that's a shortsighted view.
i hate the whole "if you didnt go to college you cant make money" crap.  if you are good at something you can make money.  If you have a passion you can make tons of money. 
Or the scholar lived on a budget his hole life. back when his daughter was a kid she was inroad in gymnastics and showed great potential. Unfortunately the economy took a turn for the worse and he could no longer afford to pay for her lessons. He then had to break the news to her and crush her dreams. additionally he is still a typical american racking up credit card debt and having to pay more and more fees..Mean wile the drop out took the initial 5 million dolors he got form selling his start up and invested it( perhaps houses, mutual founds, restraints, new businesses, Idk what he did but he took the time to grow do his research, and now he has a steady flow of a passive income, as well as many assets. He felt more than comfortable taking on the expense of owning the Lamborghini. He always had confident issues, and never did that well with the ladies. once he had the Lambo it gave him a some form of subconscious  validation of being a man. Owning the lambo gave him confidence. with his new found confidence he then decided to go to a bar and try to flirt with a woman. he did this for the next few months, the more he talked to women the more comfortable he became and the more confident he got. then one day he met a girl, fell in love (thanks to his confidence), bla bla bla. Now, a few years later, they have a a daughter and sun. he can easily afford ballet lessons for his daughter, and art lessons for his sun. he can make every ballet recital and every baseball game. He can afford to better his children and help them reach there potential. and he never misses a single important moment of his children's lives, which gives him great satisfaction in his life..Also he has a lot of fun driving his Lambo on the weekends. .You made a pretty huge assumption basted on VERY little information. (unless you know the scholar then you at least know half the story)  .If sorry if I was rude, but you should not make assumptions about people hows stories you don't know. 


a lambo cost about 300k.  The chances of the minivan driver making same loot to afford that and other things is very slim.  sure there are the doctors and what not. But not everyone is a doctor or ceo.
That's such a broad generalization. . ..Most engineering post-graduate degress will offer to pay for your schooling and housing in exchange for doctorial research. The starting salaries of engineers with Doctorates is in almost all cases superior to the starting salary of someone with a Bachelors, not to mention Research and Development is much easier to get into if you have a graduate degree..Getting a PhD can be a very lucrative career choice in terms of opportunities and financial compensation.
The real cost isn't the cost of tuition to get a PhD.  I got one from a top tier univerisity, it paid about $22k/yr in addition to covering tuition and other fees..Most PhD's don't offer the lucrative financial benefits of engineering, and even then you have to go in to specific fields and rarely get to work on actual research, but are in very focused types of jobs (such as production at Intel, defense contractors, etc.)  The real cost is lost income.  Even with my EE/physics background, if I'd taken a job out of undergrad, I would have been making > $60k/yr for the 6 years I was in grad school earning nothing.  That's a huge financial windfall, especially when compound interest and life savings/spending patterns are taken in to consideration..If I jumped ship now with a PhD for industry, I'd make a large salary (only because of my field; most PhDs don't have this choice.)  But I'm also at a point in my life where I can't save as much (family/etc) as I could have in my 20s, and also my income would get taxed in the higher brackets..Overall, it's not a huge financial gain to get a PhD, except maybe in a few specialized area.  But it's totally fun and worth it for so many different reasons.  And I still do ok financially.



That's basically a random assignment roommate I had last semester. Only I'm in college. He's a junior, more than halfway through his communications degree, and he's already admitted his degree is bullshit and he doesn't need it because of the millions he'll make from Vemma. But he's blowing tens of thousands on an education he "doesn't need" anyway. Talk about some cognitive dissonance...

yeah dude its brutal. these kids dig them into themselves into these holes with dreams of fast money and end up losing all of their investments. id say its sad, but 95% of the people involved in Vemma are quick to tell off anyone who says anything bad, claiming they're "haters who want no part of [their] success"





The car is like 7 feet wide, super low, and has very bad rear visibility. So you have to be kind of careful when backing up. Source: I drive my bosses.

Here's an alternative explanation. 
Maybe the more educated person is less interested in impractical material possessions, particularly ones that are so garish. That Hyundai means less expenses and if you aren't into looking "cool", it is even easier to drive... like in traffic or on road trips..Although, I own a Hyundai Accent so maybe I am just mad at that drop out too!
Conspicuous consumption FTW!
Counterargument: It's a Hyundai. There are much nicer practical (in terms of everyday driving) cars out there.
Yeah, but they paid for a custom license plate.
That's a fair point. We can assume they are both a little into vanity... what with the vanity plates.

Somewhat describes my life. I've had multiple arrests (one facing 2 1/2 yrs in jail), court cases, rehabs, I never went to college and barely passed high school. I've worked labor jobs since I was a teen and I'm now 28. I'm currently a Landscape Construction, Demolition, and Hardscape Foreman, have my 2A Hoisting Engineers License and  am a current Site Supervisor for a brand new full on construction. Basically, as an acting Site Supervisor, I bring in around $150,000 for my company in around 2 1/2 weeks and I get compensated very well. I make more than most of my educated friends (minus an Engineer) but I'm not far away from him in yearly income. Sometimes working and learning a skilled trade and wearing work boots pays out. You either quite from how hard you have to work and the little money you make or you stick around long enough to make a ton of money doing what you love. 

So what do you recommend I do as an 18 year old? I have no clue what job I want, and want to be able to live more than comfortably, but I don't want to just pick a career just because it pays well.

Yes. So?

I got a little story..So I work trades, and to get our diamond core holes done, we use this guy, super nice guy, smokes pot all the time but does great work, fast, reliable, and is pretty good price. In our city, there's all of 4 guys doing this line of work, right?.One day he tells me that he did this lawyers house, and she was being sort of a bitch the whole time, was nagging him, very critical of how he looked and presented himself. She needed something like 20 holes done on her driveway, probably for mud rucking her driveway (leveling and lifting it), but I can't remember exactly. He normally charges about 100-120 bucks the first hole, every other hole is like 80 bucks. Well, he does her 20 holes and gives her a bill for like 1600 or so..And she goes off on him, she's like "I saw you work you know, and I'm not stupid. It took you about 10 minutes to do each hole. That's about 480 bucks an hour, that's more than I make!" and he leaned in and said "Not bad for a 10th grade education" and then walked away. Got his payment with some lame insult on the comment box, but it just goes to show you, if you work hard and are willing to do a job no one else is doing, you can make one hell of a living.


Jelly bro? It doesn't take a college degree to start a business.

It checks out (not fake) ...You could buy 14 of the Hyundai Santa Fe SE Limiteds for and have some money left over for the cost of the Lambo. Not sure why you would do that, but yeah there you go.
So you would rather have a Hyundai instead of a Lamborghini if you could afford it?
Lucky for me, I've always dreamt of owning 14 Hyundais.
How does this show that it's not fake? I mean, everyone can see the plates and car make/model. Or was "it checks out" supposed to be disjoint from the car information?
it's disjointed - carfax shows them
But you'd also need to buy garage space to keep your hyundai fleet in....Personally, for the money, I think I'd maybe rather have a sampling of Porsche Turbo 911s from different years (especially the 930 Turbo). And a modern GT3.
If I could afford it, I'd rather have the Lambo's drivetrain and suspension crammed into the Hyundai. Could you imagine the look on the face of someone in a Corvette when you all of a sudden launch past them on the highway in a Santa Fe?
That's called a "sleeper". Us car fanatics do that kind of stuff all the time. Like taking a 1989 golf hatch and stuffing a built GM 6L v8 into it. Then put some wide steelies on it and go scare the crap outta people.
why dont you just pack a hyabusa engine into a smart car then?
Hmm.. 14 different colors.. wouldn't have to repeat driving one for two weeks? I'd go with the Lambo.
Scholarly work rarely pays well..Dropout is probably either from a wealthy family, or more likely someone who decided to go their own way rather than follow the cliche school -> comfortable job path. I think the latter is more likely because someone from a wealthy and prestigious family would see advertising themselves as a dropout to be a social faux pas.
And to believe I got all this by dropping out of the fouath grade!
The most successful people I know personally in life were dropouts.

Contrarily, the biggest losers I know in life are dropouts.
I actually met the owner of the lamborghini at a car show in NY and had a long conversation with him as i was working at the show. He's 23 year old who works as a developer, and loves attention.
loves attention in a good way or a bad way?
I've seen this specific Aventador on Reddit like 10 times in the last year. Ill second the fact that the guy likes to show it off a lot. Beautiful car and its honestly not always posted by him, like in this case. He's a redditor so he's probably around here somewhere..I don't really know how you'd determine what's good or bad attention though. It depends on your opinions of modesty and wealth.

ANUSTART

Very disappointing... 

Well over a year before the 4th season came out. Impressive.
Who's got more trunk space, bitch?
DROPOUT probably does in his Range Rover.
Who needs trunk space when you can just buy whatever it is you need wherever it is you're going.
so rich people always want to spend all their time shopping and don't get attached to their own things? they have multiple cars
And then leave it there

Amazing what you can do when you start hungry, without student loans, and no feeling of entitlement because of a piece of paper. 
I would say this is fairly true. Not sure why down votes?

Who knows. People tend to get defensive if you insinuate that a college degree is not the magical ticket to success. 
Too true. I graduated college 2 years ago and have only used my degree minimally. I am glad I got it, but only because it was a personal goal of mine. I never intended it to lead to any sort of bullshit fancy pants high life without hard work. I knew a stupid piece of paper didnt mean diddly squat unless I went above and beyond it in my personal endevours. 

Can't rule out Dad's money.

The majority of wealthy people did not inherit their money
nope. Early 20's app developer. 
App development can really be a hit or miss affair, mostly miss. There are tons of apps being released, very few make it to the top..To get a regular guaranteed income you need to be a contractor/freelancer/employee but you are not going to be mega rich from doing that.

Its the exception, not the rule. 
Well, yes, being rich is the exception to the rule. Even a top 1% personal income starts at around $200K, which really isn't that much money; certainly not enough to be driving Lamborghinis.
$200k income (and no outstanding debt...) is plenty to drive a Lamborghini. A used Lamborghini is still a Lambo. Although you'd have to make sacrifices for it (e.g. vacations).
You just say that without any stats. 
And, in most cases it's not the kind of dropout that comes to mind.  Most of the big guys didn't drop out because they where failing, they dropped "out of the top".

Also, they dropped out because they already . opportunity and didn't want to waste time chasing after something they never really wanted in the first place.
Hi, I'm here to offer tips on English style and usage (and some common misspellings)..My database indicates that.should probably be .Have a great day!
its because he didnt have student loans to pay for 

Anyone without those loans is rich....
I don't feel rich
 We're both app developers in our mid-20s. He co-founded LiveProfile..You might have already seen the car on Reddit before:
Not to turn this into an AMA but since I missed your last one I had one random question I always wanted to ask of people who hit it big on the App Store- what was it actually like the moment the sales started snowballing? Did you wake up one morning and just see a massive sales count in your developer portal dashboard? Did you try to contact Apple to make sure it wasn't some sort of mistake? :).I always thought reactions to making so much money so quickly would be fascinating- the only other account I've ever read of someone who experienced something similar was where he said he basically sat refreshing iTunes Connect/Twitter/etc... for a while and then finally just turned off his computer and sat and stared at the wall. I'd imagine I might have a similar reaction. :)

Just a question about your Aventador. Compared to sub 60k cars such as a BMW M3, how does the force of acceleration feel? I have always wanted to know that but obviously I don't have a supercar. Also, what is your DD?
My DD is the Aventador. Compared to a sub-60k car, it feels not much different during normal driving. But if you floor it and use the full power, you can tell the difference. When I launch the Aventador, my head gets glued to the seat. I can't reach for any buttons. And I'm grabbing the steering wheel tightly, because the G-forces are pulling my arms back..If you ever ride a fast accelerating rollercoaster, that's kind of the feeling you get. I never got that feeling with a sub-60k sports car. If anything, it'd be minor compared to an Aventador.
What made you pick it over the 458?
Oh, . If so, I enjoy your videos. 

Beautiful cars!
Castle Crasher themed Lambos, nice!
What exactly made you decide to drop college and pursue app developing? Also, what were you majoring in? 

Genuinely, how much hard work did you have to do before you made it big? 
Saw your car at a supercar show in Orlando several months back! 

What app did you make?  Or did he give you the money for the car? 

Sorry pal, WhatsApp beats LiveProfile. 
I don't think there will ever be someone who spends more money than this to express their subconscious obsession on the Upvote/Downvote paradigm.

Hey Allen!
So this is your car? .How does one get into app development? I've got the idea for a killer educational app but absolutely no app-making ability.
I learned how to code apps within a few weekends (though I knew how to program years prior). I finished coding my multi-million-dollar app within a month or so (when I was in my early 20s)..Making it big is not all about hard work. I know plenty of people who worked harder than I did. It's about having a feel for what people want, giving it to them, and being better at it than everyone else (or at least appear better)..The hard work part was juggling a full-time job while learning/coding apps on the weekends and weeknights (so it was like having two full-time jobs and 80-hour work weeks for a few months). I can see why people drop out. It saves a lot of time if you already know how to learn on your own and know how to work without a teacher telling you to work.

There are millions of ideas. Ideas are cheap. It's the skill that goes into making them happen that gives them value.
Wanna exchange lives? 
exchange*

I didn't drop out of college. I have a B.S. in Computer Science and Computer Engineering. But my friend dropped out of college because it was slowing him down from working on his app..In a way, I also "dropped out" of college, because I focused more on my side businesses than getting good grades in subjects I didn't care about (I didn't have a great GPA for non-computer-related classes). My college threw a lot of learning material at me that I knew I wouldn't use in the future. Plus, there was a point when I realized that I was capable of learning things on my own, by just reading books and looking up tutorials online. So I can see why people drop out.
Dude I'm in this situation. I just want to drop out of my Cal 2 course right now and just program. But my family would kill me :/
Calculus was one of the subjects I didn't care much about. All I did was coast through it. In the end, grades don't really matter much once you've had enough programming experience under your belt. The last time someone asked me what my GPA was, was many many years ago.

The guy who owns that Aventador is an IOS developer in his early 20s
Fuck I should do that 

He has a photo of the car on his facebook as well 

His name is Phil Karl.  New York plates as you can see.  He founded LiveProfile (.) which probably could have ended up beating out WhatsApp (which now has a $1 billion valuation) but after it had an initial jolt in users and Phil and his co-founder got rich they pretty much abandoned it.

This guy created 5-0 Radio, a silly police scanner app, and has made millions: 
I bought his book and talked to him a tiny bit. He's a really nice and genuine guy

like he is an IOS dev as in he works on IOS for apple or he makes those dumb ass light my joint/bowl/bong apps for 4.99?
He probably makes the bong apps. 

He might be the one who created apps like Police scanner.
He's probably the CEO who whips a bunch of programmers into making them, placating them with energy drinks and job titles like "ninja master head coder." 
No time to be jealous when you're the ninja master head coder. 
Lots of fights with the pirate code captain about who really has the highest rank though
Also Ha
So where at in the valley do you work?
Ha
If people are retarded enough to buy those apps, then he deserves his money.
Welcome to The World! We have shiny objects that also glow for 6 easy installments of $1999.
Bravo good sir.

I think the reason the rich dropouts are rich is because they drop out of high school or university and go find what they want to do to make money instead of trying to get into a profession that they have a degree for. 

I think you got it backwards. They drop out because they get rich, they don't get rich because they drop out. 
While we won't allow our kids to drop out of high school, we're definitely not pushing them into college or allowing anyone in their high school to work with them on "scholarships" for college (which will inevitably push them to student loans).  .Why?  Because neither our son or daughter know what they want to go to college for. The best answer our daughter has come up with is "I want to go for the experience". Going "for the experience" isn't a good enough reason for us to drop many thousands of dollars into it. We own and operate our own business and encourage our kids to do the same so when they do finally decide what they want to be educated in, they can afford it without the slavery and debt that is student loans and credit cards.
God I wish you were my parent. Literally just 10 minutes ago my parents called me a straight up loser to my face because im not going to college. My reason was i don't know what i want to do in life and im not going to go into debt and go to college for something i dont want to do, even though ill eventually go when i figure out what i want to do in life. They said "happyness doesnt matter" and that it doesn't matter what you want to do in life, you have to make money and get a well paying job even if you don't like it, so you have to go to college." So they're kicking me out of the house as punishment for being a failure and not going to college.
I can tell you that going into debt for college these days is an incredibly stupid thing to do.  Unless you're going to be a doctor, a lawyer, or something else that requires a license or specific scientific knowledge (such as engineering), college is mostly unnecessary, a waste of time, and money. My brother went to school to become a director and figured out about 6 months into school that all they were doing at the school was teaching him how to be a camera man.  He quit and now owes $20k worth of student loans because of it and pays $350 a month for an education he didn't get because it was DOA. .Although I can't tell you what you should do from here (having no personal knowledge of your situation), I can see that you're in a tight spot.  Is there anywhere else that you can go? Are they kicking you out right now? And do you have any money to get somewhere if you DO have anywhere you can go?.It sounds like your parents are heavily indoctrinated into the current system of debt that's espoused by mainstream culture.  The answer to all woes is to "go to college", "finance everything", and "get a good job so you can pay for all of it".  This is completely backwards!!  It should be "get a job so you can pay for things", "live below your means", "finance if you absolutely HAVE to (such as a vehicle to make it to work)", and THEN "go to college if you can pay your way through on your own".  Debt is slavery. It's a trap and most people who get into it, especially when buying a house, end up being slaves to the bank for 30 to 40 years..My husband and I both have nothing more than high school educations (my husband has a GED, actually... ) and we currently operate a business supporting around 10 households and it is growing.  We had to have regular "jobs" just like everyone else until we could afford to go full time with what we do, but we pushed through and made it into the self-employed arena..You're not a loser for wanting to remain debt free and decide what you want to do with your life before jumping into a financial obligation like college.  Depending on what you want to do, college may not be necessary at all..We've both been told "get a real job"... yeah, well... those same people are just a few streets over from us eating groceries and enjoying electricity and a house that WE pay for... with our "imaginary job"s.  .Don't be discouraged.  Get a job to support yourself and become self-employed doing something and do it well. Look at the job as temporary, but necessary, until you reach your goal, whatever it is.  It sounds hard... and it takes will power to see it through.  But, it'll be the best decision you've ever made... and it's your ticket to freedom..The #1 thing I've learned the past 5 years is that most problems can be solved by not dwelling on your problems, but dwelling on how to make more money.
You have given me probably some of the best advice anyone has ever given me, and i have no idea who you are lol. I've tried telling them that college isn't necessary to be successful in life, but they wont listen. Its like they want me to go into debt. I've shown them examples of people who are now successful who didn't go to college, and showed them examples of how much debt you can go into. I don't understand them. And i have til the end of the month to find another job (hard as hell being only 18 with nothing to your name) and move out. I feel as though ill be alright though.
I think it's that they figured out at that stage that they could make a whole lot of money already without having finished school. 
Also a lot of the rich dropouts never shut up about how they dropped out and still got rich, despite on average the wage of people with degrees is much higher there are still some people who got rich even without as it only helps, is not necessary.

I disagree with that. They aren't rich because they dropped out of the school system to pursue their passion, and their passion is what made them rich. There are so many bands that give it their all, and are incredibly passionate. They also probably dropped out of school or put it off to pursue their dream, and they NEVER make it. 
Yes for every Jobs, P. Diddy, Zuckerberg, Buffett, Gordon Ramsay, etc. there are thousands of people who really really tried and failed. It's a mixture of creativity, intelligence, and work ethic with a dash of luck (well.. i guess it is I'm not a millionaire). 

I think the rich dropouts are rich is because the only thing that matters if money is your only objective is who you know. Rich people know the right people.
Well.  If you look at it closely all of the REALLY famous dropouts only really put college on on hold for a while BECAUSE they had ALREADY found that killer idea that could not wait..Steve jobs (counts because he was still going to classes when he and woz made the apple), Bill gates, Zuckerberg,  I think the guys from google where actually in graduate school already when they stopped to make google,  the founders of blizzard finished graduate school I think. 

Jobs dropped out and then proceeded to audit classes for a while before setting his sights on Apple..If that counts as being in college, I've watched some Youtube videos of college lectures recently. Does that mean I'm still in college?
Yes.  These people were smart people with good ideas who also had the good fortune of family money and connections to both invest in their companies, and know that if they failed they could go right back to college..Most droppouts won't become rich.  The success stories we read about are the exception, and require a combination of innovation, hard work, and opportunity.
Jobs dropped out because of money issues, not wanting to be a burden on his family..Most people won't become rich. Education doesn't really play into it that much, unless you're going to be a doctor or something. Statistically, there are more dropouts and people who never attended college in the top 1% than those who only graduated from a four year program.
I would be very, very surprised if there wasn't a very clear correlation between education and income.
The correlation is indeed real. Schools filter their students based on qualities that have shown to lead to increased earning potential, so everyone graduating out of college has a natural tendency to earn more..The bigger question is, what is the takeaway from knowing that? If we mentored a person suffering from, say, a severe mental disability all the way through to graduation, would that person be able to earn a high paying income just from the degree attained? I suspect not.
If you mentored someone suffering from a 'severe mental disability' (and we'll ignore the opportunity to explore just what that means) through college, they would probably indeed be able to earn a good income. Because not only would they have a degree, but they also would have learned a lot, including how to overcome their 'severe mental disability'..If your job is a lot harder than college, you're either one of the 1% of the country with a really hard job, or you did college wrong.
Family money/power/connections help a lot. I just graduated grad school with a doctorate but need money to start a practice or work as an associate in my field for dirt cheap at first. My family had money to pay for my undergrad with our small family business but I owe over $200k and I need 60k to start a practice. 
The reason the rich dropouts are rich is because they either got lucky as hell (e.g. rappers, etc.), or were like Bill Gates and didn't find the graduate computing classes Harvard he took during his UG challenging enough (please use this as a catch-all for "going to succeed at anything and opted to drop out" rather than "academic")..Besides, the number of rich people with degrees probably outnumbers the rich people without by a factor of ten at the minimum.
I recently accepted a well paying job and I didn't finish school. School gave me the connections though to get said job.
More like a factor 100,000. In my experience anyway. You can also add Gates as well as most billionaires to the lucky list. Very very few got there based solely on their merit with little luck. George Soros and Warren Buffett are the only two that come to mind.

Most rich dropouts are entrepreneurs. If you make a good product, no one is going to care if you have a degree. You're not going to not hire yourself because you don't have a degree. 
I think it's probably true that most rich people are entrepreneurs.

I'm gonna disagree with you on the Bill Gates thing. Bill Gates was the luckiest motherfucker on the planet. What he managed to do with IBM and DOS was a combination of being in the right place at the right time and IBM's failure to appreciate the consumer computer market. .You could argue that what came afterwards was good business tactics but the birth of a "microsoft" was inevitable, Bill Gates just happened to be the guy who was there. .Also don't forget that Bill Gates comes from a very wealthy privileged family and he attended elite prep schools all throughout his education. Luck doesn't come cheap. 
Please, his idea to license software instead of taking the money and running when IBM offered to buy his software was genius. 

Or because they're really smart and know they don't need college to become rich. If you have a million/billion dollar idea and you know that you can make it happen, why waste time with college?

Gates wasn't just lucky. He worked his ass off and was a genius with his business. Calling him lucky is foolish.

And he worked VERY hard..He logged 10,000 hours programming before even getting to college.
And he's technically very good. There's not many people who can be exceptional engineers and good businessmen and have that amount of drive.
i do not think rappers "got lucky as hell" to get where they are now.

If they started from the bottom...
agree...they work extremely hard and might not be MIT scholars but they're usually very smart... I read that Dr. Dre once made one of the rappers on his label re-record a 5 second hook like 78 times until it sounded exactly perfect. P diddy sleeps 3-4 hours per night ... lil wayne is known to actually sleep, eat, and relax no more than 5 feet from his studio for weeks at a time. Luck is always a factor but no more so for rappers than for a more main-stream business mogul
And when they go on tour they basically have no time to rest at all. It can be very stressful.
What was it Stargate (pop music producion duo) said? Something about .. I don't remember exactly. But when you enter a field millions do for fun, and you want to make a living or even become one of the best, sitting on your ass will get you nowhere.
Lil Wayne doesn't even write his own songs.... such a hard worker
Sleeping 3-4 hours a night makes you smart and successful?  How come I'm not Albert Einstein with Bill Gates' bank account?
Well that's just reddit, to assume that you can't be successful in life without already being rich.
So... waking up like P.Diddy feels like shit?

Definitely does. All the fringe cases of people dropping out of high school or college and becoming millionaires/billionaires are all we hear about because they make good stories in the media. If you actually look at the statistics of all the people who graduated college with a net worth of over a million dollars compared to dropouts, it's not even close.
Yay for survivorship bias....
 at its finest.
Do you have a source? I don't doubt what you're saying, I'm just curious about those stats.
Not exactly. The breakdown according to Gallop is:.So simply going to college for four years does not really put you in any better standing than you'd be without. A post-graduate education does appear to be significant, but I think we can conclude for the most part that it is comprised of people working in protected industries like doctors and lawyers. Great if you're going into those industries (maybe not so much lawyer anymore), but not universally applicable..The research that has gone into this subject seems to conclude that soft-skills that you are born with, or perhaps learn at an early age, are what really determine your earning potential. There is some correlation with education because those skills are also useful in school.
Exactly. IT pretty much never needs one moment of college and you can make six figures no problem. Just stock up on certs.


I'M GONNA DROP OUT AND MAKE MILLIONS EATING COOKIES BECAUSE THAT'S WHAT I LOVE. JUST WATCH.
We should co-found a cookie eating business.
God speed.  I too love cookies.
A bachelor's is generally a prerequisite for a post-graduate degree.  Those 49% wouldn't be there without it.  So 73%, nearly 3/4, have a bachelor's degree.  That's pretty significant.

My dad dropped out of high school because he was forced to work to support his family. He kept working and ended up starting his own road-side business. He ended up getting a storefront, and expanding, and starting several other businesses and different investments, all of which have been successful. It was hard work and a lot of smarts. He doesn't own a Lambo though..He'd be the first to say "I'd be richer if I went to college".My point is, some people are always going to be able to find a way to be successful.
Makes sense. The people who are smart enough and driven enough to succeed without a degree would presumably be equally smart and driven if they got a degree, and could market their specialized skills.

I think there's a difference between your dad's kind of rich and "I drive a 2013 million dollar lambo around town" rich..The latter suggests that whatever wealth the lambo driver has is probably is the result of something besides business savvy. You're probably more likely to see a wealthy person driving around town in a cab or a camry than a lamborghini or ferrari. 
Atta boy.
Sure some are lucky. But some just have to drive and passion to be successful doing what they want.
Right, its not "I am rich because I didnt go to college" its "I am rich despite not going to college"

You quote makes it sound like college leads to riches, and this is only an exception. A more accurate phrasing would be "I am rich and did not go to college."
Statistically this is true though. For most people completing higher education is the best way to increase their potential earnings.


Your quote makes it sound like it's not expected to be rich and not having gone to college. .A more accurate phrasing would be "I am rich."
Being rich is a relative term, a millionaire looks poor compared to a multi-billionaire..The best way to phrase it would be "I am."
Personally I think cut out all the crap "I'm".
Your quote makes it sound like you are a casual Richard, but not as casual as Dick.
It's Dr.Opout!

Welcome to Dr. Facts!.Feel free to 'Opout' at any time..Did you know that 1 in 3 doctors smoke?
Dr. Acula
If that is a reference to the band, fuck yeah.

Poor Dr. Opout would never get any surgeries, because all his patients would... decide not to have surgery!
"I went to a doctor, all he did was suck blood from my neck, don't go see Dr Acula ..." -
This joke was so dry I've got cotton mouth. 
Maybe your sense of humor is just numb
Anustart
Yes?

Analrapist
It's not the pronunciation that concerns me.
the rapist


Fullonrapist
therapistrapist
You know Africans, dyslexics, children that sort of thing
have you been eating cheese? and why are you so sweaty? 
Felonrapist
Get out of the way, Anus-Tart!
She hasnt even seen the license plate yet.
Howdya know I had these for breakfast. 

Well I already got the license plate Lindsay 
ASSMAN

I'm Cosmo Kramer the ass man!!
That reminds me of the ass man from Seinfeld 

If you're becoming a scholar because you want lots of money, you're doing scholar wrong.
Why didn't anybody say that A BIT earlier!
Unless your work is in something empirical (stats, econometrics, and so on), and you decide to consult on the side...At that point, $1000+/hour becomes reality. .Source: my professors were very very wealthy.
The high cost of a university education in America practically necessitates that you major in something that pays well, just so you can at least pay your student loans off. .People love to make fun of those who major in History or English, and then get a job at Starbucks, don't they? 

Then how is it done good sir?

Most of the truly competent scholars can produce quite a bit of money... but people of fairly normal intelligence wouldn't profit much from it. 
this should be the top comment.
Also if you drop out to make lots of money, you're still doing it wrong..Thankfully, this isn't . and I shouldn't have to worry about the influx of conservatives with their "rich in America because I invented this gizmo and worked super hard even though I only had a third grade education" fairy tales.  Right?  Right....


Precisely this.
Ironically I need to go make some money for a few years so I can fund my masters. Fuck logic.
Amazingly, this was stated from my first Engineering teacher.  To my knowledge, everyone laughed except for me.  I would love to work in a field where what I know is more valuable then my physical attributes alone.
Eh became a pharmacist for the money. There's no way in hell I'd be making what I make right now without this degree. I'm happy. 

If you're paying dropouts more than you're paying scholars, you're doing society wrong.
Dropout doesn't necessarily mean jobless or talentless.


But they told me I'd get a ship.
Seriously. When I was a kid I wanted to be a neurosurgeon because I looked up salaries. When I grew up I said "fuck that, I want to play on computers all day." .So I now work in IT. Ah, the life of an underachiever. 
You achieved something you wanted to do, and if you can support yourself doing it, who cares about anything else? Do what you want to do, not what you think you "should" do.
Diagnostic Radiology...
That's true. Sure I'd love the Lamborghini but, I still live on the beach with a ton of free time and couldn't be happier. Reminds me of the fisherman story:.(One variation)
That's awesome! I think it works best without the fisherman explaining his day to the businessman first. Thanks!
In my experience of having friends with obscenely wealthy fathers, supercars are actually a bit of a barbed luxury. They are more about impressing people into trusting you with their money than atually enjoying. Like any precision machine they spend a ton of time in maintainance and are simply an additional layer of stress and responsibility. The same goes for that huge house, that enourmous gardern, that expensive suit. It seems to me to a be a bit of a prison, these guys don't seem to enjoy life any more than I do. Personally, if you don't have a need to gain validation and respect via money, I'd aim for a decent salary (say $100k) and just enjoy life. No man on his death bed ever wished he'd made more money. .If you really want a car that can keep up with a Lambourghini but costs a few thousands dollars (which you can spend in small amounts), build yourself a . or something similar. Simple, cheap, reliable and the best way to spend a summer's day on the road! 
I had an entry level sports car that I had a good amount of fun in after a good performance mods. It was no lotus but hot damn was it fun. .As soon as I felt it was about to dip into the maintenance realm and need either replacement on wear and tear parts or more power that I didn't want to pay for, I sold it. The relief of the payment, insurance, speeding tickets, and a couple scary close calls was good enough for me. .I do like the wide body lotus from Lancaster CA though;I'll live vicariously through others on the super cars. 
I'm more into 4x4's myself. The great thing about things like the Land Rover is that you can buy a slightly tired one, and if you put alot of work and some money into it you can come out with something amazing that won't be dated in three years..I'm now at the point where I'm learning to make spaceframe chassis and GRP body shells (used to build powerboats so have experience with that.) That's pretty much how alot of the Dakar competitors started out ;). Aove all it's fun and achievable, at the end you'll have something that no one else has and is uniquely yours. I much prefer tha feeling to buying things.

Good point. That way during the punch it isn't so expected how the fisherman will respond. Next time I tell the story I am gonna leave that part out out for better effect. .Also, I may leave out the Brazil part. It seems unnecessary and leave a more ethnocentric impact. 
conversely, just because you drive a modest SUV doesn't mean you don't have lots of money
it just means that you don't have taste
Exactly. The scholar knows where to save and where to spend.
But know how to live.
Spend where it gives you enjoyment, not where it gives you status.
There are few options that offer more driving enjoyment than an Aventador
Then I say go for it. You just have to choose what to have your best in :)
That depends.  Are you studying business?

The best wayt to study business is to start a business. That way you get paid for studying business.
Ironically, spending thousands of dollars to study business is usually a bad investment if you're looking to make money (I'm assuming you mean a general business major w/o a focus in accounting, financial engineering, etc.)


Studying "business" is way too broad to mean anything..Getting a degree in marketing or economics is not the same as getting a degree in financial engineering (which, surprise surprise, requires a shit ton of math). 
... where did you go to school that you think economics doesn't require a "shit ton" of math?
An economics degree at top schools requires a shit ton of math. Have to finish calc 3 before starting econ, not to mention real analysis

I wasn't aware that it was even possible to do economics without advanced calculus and linear algebra skills...
Exactly, my cousin went to Wharton and makes a crap ton as an investment banker. Multi-million dollar house and sent kids to that private preschool crap in NY.
True. But they have work 50-120 hours IIRC 
Yeah, I know that. The again, how many business owners don't put in that amount of time especially when they first start up. Sometimes you need to work hard to make a lot of money, right?

Aren't all preschool private?
Head Start and Universal Pre-K (usually offered within elementary schools) are public-funded preschools.


Wouldn't the question be, 
Or Ivy league. 

FTFY
I got a PHD.... A pretty huge dick!
Thanks Kanye.
I write erotic childrens' novels. They're wildly unpopular. 
Begrudgingly upvoted... but only because I didn't think of it first. 
Neither did he.

Neither did reedw97, unless he's literally Kanye West.
Posthumously Horny Dude
Breath in breath out...
Usually if you're studying something at the graduate level for business and it's actually good, you've got a money maker that you skip writing the thesis about..Except economists.  They just look at random things and say, "Hmm.  That's interesting."
This is kind of an over-simplification... Economics is important in business, but it is an academic field of study (lots of "theory" involved in the study of economics).  Business is more of a practical field - hands-on knowledge/experience is much more valuable in business than it is in economics.  Also, there are certain things in the business world that can't be learned in a classroom (take sales, for example.  Some people are just naturally good at selling - others, not so much)..
Source: I graduated 3 weeks ago with a degree in business administration, and 95% of a minor in economics
explain further? I'm pursuing a degree for business (marketing or trade) I'm still unsure if I want to stop halfway or not but I usually see business people living money

If you plan to go business, get a technical degree in a field of an industry you like, work three years, and get an MBA. Takes more work but you'll most likely make mid 100k/yr by you're 30.
I didn't even GO to college and I managed to get into sales. Sold cars, software packages and started a company. .I just kinda did it? Met the right people at the right time, maybe was lucky but it certainly seems like I followed a path I knew would work.... I dunno but you don't NEED college if you want to work a white collar job, you just can't see yourself as limited by not having one.
Business? I have a feeling you have other talents you could put to use, Mr. Jackson.
This is motivating to someone like me who is really struggling through college. I just don't understand how everyone is expected to learn at the same pace. They treat you like your hard drive capacity is the same as the next guy's. It's the same root memorization bullshit from high school all over again.  
Eh dude, if you are already in college, tough it out. If you're having trouble memorizing stuff see a person about that, I'm sure they are their where you are. .Don't toss it away, keep going. You'll be better off with it. 

There's nothing to expand further really. Every company needs an accountant, a marketer, a finance expert, and -ugh, yes- even an economist. Because there are so many companies, there is huge demand. And because they want your expertise, the more you study or speciaize on via certifications and shit, the more they are willing to pay you to be with them. 

Ehh, if it's anything like business IT a PhD can actually hurt you whereas an MBA will actually be the true benefit for you due to being "over qualified" for jobs with a PhD.
Depends what you are doing. If you are doing something like big data/business  intelligence a Ph.D will help. If you are guy implementing websites, its a disadvantage since that is probably extremely boring for you.
my advisor from a few years ago was discussing job aspects for students with her colleague; used the phrase "...oh, unless they've a phd 'cause those are just a dime a dozen!" the day i decided: fuck it then, doctorate or gtfo.
Totally agree. I think an MBA from a good school would help a lot more. I feel like a PhD is good if you get it after working for awhile and go back to teach as a professor.
Do you know how you would go from having a degree in the STEM stuff to working in finance?  Would you be able to just get an MBA and get a job?
Also more and more companies now look down upon MBAs if you get it right out of undergrad.  They look for candidates with 5-6 years experience and then going back for the MBA..Source: Executives of Pepsico during a presentation I attended in Chicago
A lot of MBA programs won't take you without at least 4-5 years of work experience after your undergrad.

Can confirm. Have a good friend who is a marketer at Pepsi and she did just this.
Go back to teach? Is business academia not at all valuable or something? The chance of becoming a professor is so slim in physics, but in business, it's still something you can go back to? Wtf. 
I could be wrong about this, but I've always had the impression that business and engineering professors are often people that have had success in industry before they became professors..This is in contrast to the hard sciences, where generally people choose either academia or industry and then stay within those sectors for their entire career..I think the reason for this is because there are more options for business/engineering people. There are more industry positions available for those people..On the other hand, for many hard sciences, industry jobs are not as common. This means that competition for professorships in the hard sciences is much higher.
It's generally true that the better the non-academic career options are in a field, the more you get paid to teach. Supply and demand.
Business changes a lot faster than physics..And more people care about it to take more of it

There are a lot of fly-by-night education mills offering suckers an education in "business" than there are for physics

Well, a majority of my teachers had real world experience before they started teaching. They bring a lot of experience into the classroom instead of just teaching from the book. I preferred that to the professors who spent their whole time in academia, which wasn't many. One actually was a partner at a major public accounting firm and taught audit at night.

A PhD in business is considered that guy that is really good with the perfect world, and mostly useless in the real world..I work with one, he is brilliant at what he does, an absolute genius. The guy doesn't understand why we can't just do shit to make his numbers look better.

900 PhD graduates in economics competed for 2200 openings last year..FYI
What kind of openings?

There we go.
Middle manager  in poorly competing clothing stores in Iowa.
Source?
From 1999, so you have to adjust for inflation: 
Did you just grab the first links from a Google search? 

It's on the internet, so it's true.
If you have a pretentious ass license plate on your SUV that reads "SCHOLAR," you're doing it wrong.
yes, that too.
Graduation present, perhaps?
Hatters gonna hat.
*Haters.Oh, wait... I see what you did there.

Jesse Cox Fan?
Now you're telling me...

It's ok, there's still time to drop out.

or forget about money!
forgot about dre.
Most ultra successful people say that money was not their motivation. 
Money has never been my motivation, now I'm only waiting for that ultra successfulness.
well, happy birthday anyways :)
I do. 
Happy day of celebrating birth !
Thank you....it's actually the second time I've cancelled a birthday event. Some friends were going to throw me a party (my room-mates) and as I was driving home I started to freak out and just thought "nope, can't do it"..This year I feel even worse because my sister organized a dinner party...the only consolation is that I called it off two days prior as opposed to this morning.
Got one of them here to.  I think it's by a Pepsi Bottling Plant.
"Every morning my human shaves of his face fur. he is funny like that.".-fuck
Wonder what my cat thinks about me shaving my down under fur..
He thinks your tail is on backward. Or inside out, if you're of the female persuasion. 
These instant background checks are mostly garbage and a waste of money.
That's a really pretty boxer.
Is that Valerie Bertandernie?
Bitches always be online.
I chuckled way too hard at that.
BeenVerified is a crappy website. I wanted to see what all the hoopla was and ran a check on myself (even paid for it). I have a criminal record, so I was interested to see just exactly how it would be shown on BV. Well, according to them, I have no criminal record. Shit, I don't even have an arrest record at that. Thanks BeenVerified.com! 
I met my dog online. She's great.
I'm still waiting for the day I meet a dog online.
THEIF
He could also be making $10000/month working at home. You should add him and find out his secret.
I only seem to be able to meet bitches online.  

Dog with a blog?
Probably happens all the time. After all, on the internet no one knows . you're a dog.
8/10 would pet again. 
they said no one would know!

You think a company that misspells "thief" in their ad has the marketing chops to try to do something "viral?".You're chasing shadows.  Now excuse me as I drink a Doritos brand tortilla chips flavored Big Gulp in my cool new Chrysler PT Cruiser..Edit: I like the Chrysler PT Cruiser because I am a successful and attractive professional in the 25-34 age bracket.

Thief*
As a dog trying to meet women online,"F*** you beenverfied.com"
Really oh so the NSA has a super powerful computer that can find out all about you  because of your online use and thats a issue. But sign up for this no problem????
Posts on reddit could be anything. .NSFW
OC
or even a repost
Or you know, maybe it's just a normal person like most of us who use the internet on a daily basis. On the internet you can't judge someone on his looks but only on the messages he/she writes..When you go to a bar you have a higher risk on getting drugged, raped and murdered then you do when meeting someone on a message board. Just be careful on who you share personal information with and what people you interact with both offline and online. 
That chick is hot
probably why she's pregnant.
Who is she?
Pretty sure her name is Stephanie Danielson. 
Even if it's not, Stephanie Danielson. Hot Damn.
idk, probably a nobody commercial actor.
Oh come on... 
As opposed to the severe lack of thieves and murderers in public. 
he could even know someone who knows someone who knows a terrorist.
No one knows you're cups.

Yeah, I hated that bitch. Also the one that is pregnant. 
i am willing to verify thieves and rapists on beenverified.com.  for pics of course
I hate what those commercials and what that company stands for.  
Its the Bob Loblaw's doglaw blog!
Dagwood dog's dog blog
"Is Heaven missing an angel? Cuz you've got nice cans!" 
I read this as Beaverfied.com
read this as beaverfiend.com, figured "Damn they really like beaver".
Amazingly that is . a website. 
Yet.
Internet, you have a job!
I always laughed when the pregnant lady says "I don't let anyone come near my growing family without a background check!" like does she make the cashier at the grocery store wait while she pulls out the mobile app?
I feel as though this website is extremely inappropriate. If somebody comes off as a danger to you, then you probably don't need to background check them to know you should get the hell away, and on the other hand, if somebody seems nice and safe, then why challenge their background? And for those people in the grey area, I don't see why you need to know their criminal history, unless you're an employer or something.
It's just another facet of the enterprise of fear. Turning fear into profit - Murica!
Probably useful to verify that that person on the dating site is exactly who they say they are.
It makes sense for something like a babysitter or somebody who is going to be, say, alone in your house for long periods of time. "Seems nice and safe" is not a good way of assessing somebody's trustworthiness.
Perhaps, hence my saying that if you're an employer it makes a bit more sense. Obviously there are times when a background check may be necessary, but I can't see those being so common that you should sign up on a website for it.
theif?
I before E except after C, and when sounding like A as in neighbor and weigh, AND ON WEEKENDS AND HOLIDAYS, AND THE MIDDLE OF MAY, AND NO MATTER WHAT YOU SAY... you will ALWAYS BE 
some things you just gotta know
Dont worry buddy, I got the reference and in return gave you an arrow pointing up :)
That spelling gave me a palsy
What's wrong wtih that?
Exactly. Some of my stuff went missing while at work and the one person I suspected turned out to have a rap sheet full of theft and trespassing..This site is just useful for when you come in contact with someone you're not sure of and informs you of danger before something bad happens.
FTFY
Thanks pal!
Text offender
first thing I saw
The If is . cousin.
Well I'm not sleeping tonight.
Sleep is for the weak... Right?
In all fairness, they don't come with directions on which "head" to place your hat.
Of course they choose the hairy balding guy.
didnt notice the hats, at first glance knew it was the older looking guy
Shit yeah, used to keep one of those in my garage in San Diego. Suuuch a good choice, go buy one OP. You will not regret it.
I had a pool last summer with built-in cup holders. Great  holding beers or slushy drinks.
he can tell his friends he has a pool, and its not lying.
dude for the win!
Get a slightly bigger pool and tell him his is "cute". 
it's so frigging hot here and the excitement that pool gave me just made me hotter
GREAT NEWS! Those pools cost less than $20. Also more great news, they aren't marketed specifically for children! Source: I own a couple.
Question: with a setup like this, could you just leave the water in there or would you have to drain it all the time? "Regular" pools are open air because of chlorine and what not, not sure if that would eat through the cheap plastic on these pools. 
As I stare longer at this picture, I picture myself doing the same thing in 20 years.
He looks really sad and alone...
You mean, you are fully enlarged. 
Hillbilly hot tube.
I don't have kids and frequently do this. Except I couldn't afford a nice big pool so instead I have a little one with a purple hippo that sprays water when the hose is attached. The water only comes up to my hips..I'm 26.
for the 4th of july, I picked up a cheap pool off craig's list (10ft diameter, 2.5ft deep) and filled it up with bubble bath. Sadly, the inflatable part had a hole in it so we could only maintain it at half capacity but it was still fun to sit in and enjoy the bubbles.  
I do this exact thing, I have one of those plastic pools though, at the end of the day i lather up and jump in and that is my bath for the day. 
Livin the dream.
My parents got a pool like this for camping. My dad hooked up a propane heater so they can use it in fall and early spring. 
I have the same pool
Kids or friends, from the looks of it
DINKLEBERG
My friends and I just bought a kiddie pool today! We're 23. It was so nice.
SPY AROUND HERE. HEY BOYS IT'S A SPY. THE NEIGHBOR IS A SPY!
So everyday you just creep on him? and take photos of this man while he tries to bathe in peace?
Just post the full album already we all know you have more pics of him!
this is weird op. you are a fucking creep
This is allowed but . isn't... 
Don't be. He'll never know the joy of raising his own children, his loss. A lifetime of fulfillment versus a plastic swimming pool? .BTW I take my kids to the pool almost every weekend and we have a blast.
I got my son one of those when he was 6. I only have him on the weekends aaaaaand, yeah-that was me during the week. Sad follow up: when he got older/bigger, I thought I'd be king cool dad and get us one of those "inflate the top ring and fill" deals. He loved it...we built Lego boats, rescued mini figs from the bottom-life was awesome. That was, until the code inspector came by and told me that I needed 3 permits. $45 each, and the building permit was impossible to satisfy due to the size and shape of my backyard. Mind you that was for a blow-up pool I bought at a grocery store for $90.  Thanks Ferndale!
Sounds like a smart guy! 
I'm assuming OP has kids and knows if he ever purchased one he would never be able to enjoy it. 
"That pool cost me 3500 dollars"."Ok, so how much did the good pools cost?"
Used to have almost this exact type of pool when at college.  We put it in our front yard right next to campus, and on sorority row.  Was great for parties, and in the summer sessions, we would just fill it with water, toss in some ice and chill in the Florida heat with beer bottles floating in it.  .Also, in keeping the hose handy, had requests to spray randoms down that were walking by to help vs the heat.  
Forever Alone.
Doesn't look that happy
Beginnings of a creeper here.
He looks like he'd gladly trade you his pool for your kids...
Is that Carl?
[insert clip of homer searching for the hot dog in the baby pool]
He probably feels very alone some days
I wonder if he writes a newspaper for the French Revolution....
In our 20's my husband and I who have no kids had a tent in our backyard where we would hang out and read most days. A lot of nights we would sleep in there too.  Inside, we had an air mattress with a couple sleeping bags and pillows.  We also ran an extension cord to it for a hanging lamp and a fan.  It was a lot of fun. I am sure the neighbors thought us strange but we didn't care. 
[deleted]
There's enough room for 2.  Bonus, now you can get sunscreen on those hard to reach areas.
As a person who doesn't have kids I can concur, it's the best.
Awww he looks like he's having bathtime.
This looks like England?
I'd rather have kids to see in the morning.
I can't afford a bigger pool.  Fuck me right?
You're one of those who creeps on their neighbor?
Seriously, a code violation in Ferndale?? Michigan right? I had one of those on Pontiac and another in Troy with no problems. That sucks dude.
Why in the garage?
The solution is easy...kill the kids. 
yes is it?
This is my new dream.
I will fuck you.
Yes, but will you fuck him right?
Any more info on this? It sounds awesome. How long would the pool take to heat up? Do the camp ground people (assuming they use a ground. In the middle of the woods all alone would be 10x more awesome) get all pissy about it? 
They use to do it at the campground but now they have just them and their friends at a cabin near a lake. They have their campers all set up with a deck in between and they have the pool on that. Not sure on how long it takes to heat up but it isn't that long. My dad made a box with copper hose running through it and he has a pump that circulates the water through it with the propane heating it. We actually use a similar concept to heat our full sized pool with a wood fire. 
Probably Ferndale, CA.  For a state that is constantly ridiculed for being hippy and liberal, we are saddled with more government bullshit than any other state in the nation. 
Just got a pool and I'm 25. Best decision!
I have A/C.... does that get you excited?
I have an AC too, still too hot though
He looks like he is contemplating suicide over never having kids.
Aww, look at the little parent thinking childfree people would contemplate suicide if they didn't choose their lifestyle full of changing shit-filled diapers and forking over the majority of your time, money, and energy for two decades minimum. Keep telling yourself what you have to to get through those sleepless years sweetie. 
Wow. I said it as a joke. I don't even want kids myself, lol. He just looked lonely in a blow-up pool by himself..EDIT: I also don't have kids.
Kids aren't an important part of life. Get over yourself.
I said it as a joke. He is a grown man all by himself in a blow-up pool..Second, I don't have kids, and I don't want kids.
your neighborhood also has no kids, which is why he is legally allowed to live there 
I'd rather have dogs to see and the pool. 
Haha hot tube... 
Water you talking about?
yeah me too. I have kids.
"My neighbor has no blinds, this is his junk after a shower. I am full of envy"
Personally, I'd drain it every couple days. A pool that size wouldn't take long to fill and warm itself to a comfortable temperature
Why, because he's an old man? All old men are pedophiles now?
welcome to the world. Every man is a pedophile apparently. 
How do you know that plastic swimming pool isn't part of his very fulfilled life?.Tell me how sour those grapes are.
Because as much as I want to be cooled by a pool, I also don't want to be made hot by the sun at the same time.
Yeah, that would work.  But remember - bitches love resources and equipment.  You should level yourself up by accumulating alcoholic drinks and snacks, which may add to your health.  This can be done via Quest Grocery Store.  If you are able, equip with a floating table or tray, rafts or other flotation devices, and reasonably form fitting swim trunks (some of these items are often found during Quest Walmart..May ever the odds be in your favor.
Fuck all of that, put on a motherfucking Cloak of Charisma (because we all know Sorcerers get a bonus to spells based on their charisma score) and invite that ho over to roll her D20. 
Good shortcut.
Why?
Really not that cool you are taking pictures of your neighbor like this. If i were him and i knew you were taking pictures of me, i would call the police. 
I fail to see why this is humorous.
I got jealous of a friend with children who bought a kiddy-pool, i don't have kids... .But eh! Bought one anyway and its awesome!

How do you keep the water clean?
Filter pump, and chlorine, and a pool cover.
Picture was probably taken right after he filled it up
This was definitely taken within a couple hours of the pool being erected. It'll never be that clean again..However most pools of this size come with a rudimentary filter and adding your own shock pack and chlorine tablets is not that difficult.
This picture was taken a good two weeks after filling it up
approach him in a speedo and a case of ramen noodles and say "lets make some soup."
Dude wtf, He's chilling in his back yard minding his own business and you upload pictures of him to the internet..not cool
This is why I can never relax unless I'm in my room with the curtains drawn :(
google streetview car could grab a picture of him, not really a back yard.
beers and tunes with the kiddy pool.....you can reach nirvana in there.....Each tibetan monk is issued a kiddy pool along with orange pajamas and a bic
Okay, wait, along with orange pajamas and a bic?
there was an immolation joke in there, me thinks.
Guessing the orange pyjamas are the uniform and the bic razor is for shaving the head.
Oh my gosh, duh. Thank you. As a stoner, when I hear or read "bic" I think lighter. Totally forgot they make a million other things like razors. 
Me too.  I was trying to imagine a monk hitting a bong. 
I'm pretty sure that's an essential part of their day.
As a student I was thinking bic pens. 
I'm sure they do!
Are you envious because he doesn't have kids or because he has a pool?
Both. 
He is an intelligent man, having children is stupid.
Totally. Too bad your parents weren't as wise as you.
Oooo, slam!
"What do you mean you would rather die than have children? What if your parents had said the same?!"."Then I wouldn't have to be here dealing with you telling me I should have kids."
No one here said you should have kids. Nice irrelevant theoretical conversation though, you make it up all by yourself?
Hence the reason it was in quotes. 
I assume he gave you permission to post a picture of his private backyard activity for all the Internet to see?
not really private, it's facing the road and it took it a bit out of focus for that reason. hard to really identify anything
Well he IS having a private moment, or well he thought he was at least. I don't think he'd be happy to realize that the freak next door is peeping out his window bedroom with his camera in one hand and his cock in the other, all the while snapping & fapping away like a douche!
The joys of being childfree! 
Why not both?
roll up on him in full scuba diving equipment flippers snorkel and all and say "room for one more?"
that would require money, as a broke student all my extra money goes to beer.
So take your beer . and offer him one. Now you have a friend who has a child-free pool! 
My wife and I are childfree teachers who have the summers off. I have to tell you all this... life is pretty fucking sweet. I'm so thankful that we aren't having kids!
I hate those fucking stick figure family stickers people plaster on their cars, but one time I saw one of a man and woman and instead of kids they were both holding bags of money. I like that one. 
I found it on here someplace, probably under ., but I don't remember. 
My mom and dad do this. When I still lived at home the three of us would. We'd play "water Yahtzee" and drink daiquiris all day long. 
awww. This warms my cold heart.
is that what they call it now?
:) Yup! Regular Yahtzee but played while submerged in water: Water Yahtzee! 
Do you just drop the dice into the water and see what you got when they land on the bottom?
404 Joke not found.
Ooh, no, we'd have a little plastic table we'd put in the water to roll the dice on. 
It's no a joke.
Si seor.
I have super good news for you: these pools are . 
15 in the UK. I got one last week. I'm in it more than my daughter :)
hehe, incest.
I just bought one the other day for $17 at Walgreen's.
That's a steal
He didn't steal it, he bought it for $17
The phrase "That's a steal" means that it is a great deal or wonderfully cheap..Edit: Downvote me because of your own ignorance.  How mature!
I didn't downvote you and I know the meaning of the saying, I was just making a joke.... but looks like it got lost
i hope he reddits and sees this pic. then punches you in the mouth for creeping on him
it is a bit blurry for a reason.
Do you feel that way about about all people who unknowingly have their photo taken and then posted on Reddit?
Taking pics of some guy in his swimming pool, from a hidden position, then throwing it on the net seems a bit much to me. We need to maintain some privacy
When the people are in their own backyard, yes, definitely.
I often have that thought, particularly when it's of a child who is not OP's. It's creepy. .I get that it's usually legal, and I guess that people occasionally ask permission to post (or say they do when queried), but still. We complain about privacy then proceed to heehaw about unwitting strangers foibles here on reddit.  Their fault for being in public with redditors I guess.
Get your own pool like his. Put it beside his and bring beer!!!
can't, don't live on ground floor and don't have any lawn :/
Aww that's a bummer! Maybe he will share his grass if you share your beer?
Grass is illegal

(crying) "Mom, I think I'm pregnant! Our individual ceramic tubs touched!"
How does one even do that, and how is that sexual?
Where did the water in the tubs come from? Did they, like, spend an hour lugging buckets up a hill to fill them?
What, haven't you jacked off to the old lady in the bathtub from chalk zone as a kid?
Do you not?
No, silly. They just turn on the facet and the water comes out. Duh.
Or... Ya know, a hose or something...

As a person who does have kids, I'm thinking how clean that water looks. I bet there's no snot in it. No one's peed in it. Just nice clean wading pool water. And now I'm full of envy. 
I'm almost 100% positive there is some pee in that pool.
That was my first though too! Within 10 minutes my son would have that pool water cloudy and full of dirt and grass. 
big deal, that's what we have our immune system for...
My comment has nothing to do with getting sick from the dirty water. A pool doesn't look as refreshing when it is filthy.  
But not what we have pools for.

That's penny arcade...not xkcd
thatsthejoke.jpg
Would you rather be Angelina Jolie, living with Brad Pitt, having a messy but fun life? Or, Jennifer Aniston and her dry, barren life? 
What? 
Is it 2005 again???
Either side has it's perks. There's no point in playing "what if" games, just be happy in the life you have. I love my kids, snot and all. 
100 trillion dollars saying Jennifer aniston being probably as rich if not richer with her own super rich man and no kids and no cancer worries with the same ability as Jolie (adoption) available is probably having just as much if not more fun. Also Jolie kind of looks like a bitch to deal with while Aniston looks like she'd go four wheeling and have snow ball fights with ya still. I vote Aniston all day. 
The cancer thing was low. I respected your feelings before this. Now, sadly you will get cancer. Yes, this is exactly how it works. 
Jennifer Aniston, hands down. Getting married soon, doing whatever she wants on her schedule, going on dates whenever. She seems far happier than Pitt and Jolie. 
her schedule ? She will be almost 70 when her potential kids hit their 20ties. And most likely she won't live to see her grandchildren..I feel sorry for her.
Why do you immediately assume she needs kids to be happy?
exactly what I meant to say.
"I've never in my life said I didn't want to have children. I did and I do and I will! The women that inspire me are the ones who have careers and children; why would I want to limit myself? I've always wanted to have children, and I would never give up that experience for a career. I want to have it all.".So much for that.
Or she decides she's happy and fulfilled without children? Not everyone has to be a mum. I don't want kids, the idea of being 70 and having to take care of grandchildren sounds awful, I want to spend my old age seeing the world without having to deal with rug rats. And yes, her work schedule which leaves her happy and busy, with time to spare for travel..I find your pity on her is wasted. She's obviously happy and what makes you happy won't make her or me happy. .Also I'd rather regret not having kids than regret having them. Which I'm sure I would. 
"I've never in my life said I didn't want to have children. I did and I do and I will! The women that inspire me are the ones who have careers and children; why would I want to limit myself? I've always wanted to have children, and I would never give up that experience for a career. I want to have it all.""
Then equally good for her! Whenever/if ever she chooses to have kids, I'm sure she'll do great. But let's not pity her for choices she's welcome to make, no matter what she chooses..Doesn't change my mind, Aniston seems much happier than Pitt and Jolie. 
Aniston and her . carefree, self-focused life. 
How is her life is obviously dry and barren? I can't tell if you're being sarcastic. But, I really want to call you an idiot. Idiot. 
I can't wait to never have children. 


Pathetic circlejerk 
Pathetic parent full of regret.
TIL People with common views talking among themselves and engaging visitors is now a circlejerk by default
Its people acting like assholes. Are you reading the same fucking subreddit I'm reading?
I have not been there in awhile, my memory of it was mainly child hating instead of the fun aspect of being child free.
It's not.
I wasn't aware that there were standards for what aspects of childfreedom were acceptable for discussion on a public forum. 
I didn't say there were. I said I went there once awhile ago, not "I gothere repeatedly and bitch up a storm."
I can't wait to not have children, ..
join him don't make it weird
you know he pees in there... you know it!
it's only awkward if you make it awkward.
Please do this. Don't say a word.  Just walk over, step in the pool. Relax. But constantly make eye contact the entire time. 
Film it, too.
Well he already took his picture in secret and posted in on the internet for thousands of people to see so I think we are a bit past the "weird" part.
Bring some beers, make it a party. 
Ask him if he has ever masturbated in front of another man.
I enjoy your South Park reference. Kudos friend 
Don't forget the snorkle and flippers
Throw in some potatoes, you got yourself a stew going baby!
Take away potato, Latvian stew.
I want my money back....
wiener and potato stew.
in lativa, have no potato... is joke.. no wait.. is no joke.. is no potato :(
Potato is dream.
I dream of latvia potato, but is no dream, is nightmare, is potato of my dreams, and my dreams are just a constant struggle through time and space, but in end, is only no time and space, is no potato. is no potato.
I dream of potato named "Stu". 
BEEF STEW BITCH, YA GET IT?
Stewie: "This one's called - I kissed my sweetie with my fist"
Where did I just read about these? If I recall correctly, it's actually more akin to a tumor. It's a lump of fatty tissue that grows out of their skull. 
Midlife crisis duck
Reminds me of the pool being closed in Habbo hotel... Oh the good ol days.
from the thumbnail picture i was positive it was going to be the black duck with the afro...
So, why didn't your "bro" post this?
so you stole it?
Must be a Jew duck. The black one doesn't have a fro.
Well, it did have AIDS...
I think you read it in a cracked article a couple weeks ago. 
dude I saw one today wtf I said
That's not an Afro, that's his shower cap! Can't a duck enjoy a bath without being put on reddit anymore?
Afro? I thought it was Aflac..
is he froreal?
Back in my day, ducks having afros on the internet meant something. It was a sign of our friendship, of our unity, and of our determination to close the pool and protect the innocent from the ever present threat of stingraids in the face of an oppressive moderator regime. 
Jew-fro
i thought about not upvoting this, but i didn't want to make your bro a liar 
It doesn't look like an afro to me. It looks like it's wearing an elderly woman's fancy hat.
if you see a duck with an Afro, that means it's just been ., and you sick fucks are laughing at it 
Exactly. I call bullshit. 
Not sure if hairstyle reference or blatant racism.
OH MY GOD. I THINK THIS PICTURE WAS TAKEN AT MY UNIVERSITY. We're best friends now, I hope you know. 
OSU?
Yes. I feel so connected to you, mysterious stranger. 
Cracked 
Quacked
Wait -  if he found it, and you said to him '' see you on the front page'' then why did you post it?
If you're an afro-duck, why are you white?
He said that? Really?
Strange that it is the white duck and not the black one...

My coworker has crested ducks. They're especially cute as babies.
can someone add a disco ball to this for me? all i have is my phone.
It's ironic because he's white
There's five of them in my local lake here in Texas
Just to clarify, "bro" as in the abbreviated form of brother, OR are you using bro as terminology for your friend?
The price of cracked corn is too damned high!
Was he at Cal State Stanislaus? Because that is the only place I have seen a duck that looked exactly like this. His name was Afro-Duck and he was known fondly by all
"I'll see you on the front page"
You 
Hes using the afro to impress his black friend.
It's always the . duck with the afro wig on.
He is just trying to fit in with the black duck. 
Was this at Sonoma State University?
Why are you posting it if your brother found it?
This my nigga Afro-Duck at OSU
What a smart and funny thing to say to your bro!
Herrington country park,  has a few of these, we think they escaped from somewhere, they're hilarious to watch 
Looks like a jive turkey to me
Is this Lincoln Park Parrish? He has a name. It is Snoop Duck!
of course, all i can think of is 
Lake Elizabeth?
Mirror Lake!
Technically it's called "crested" but commonly mistaken for "tufted pekin" 
The afro is a brain tumor.
ALL HAIL
We used to have an indian runner with a poofball head. Meet Cuddleduck: 
Any chance this is in Black Mountain, NC?
I own an Afro duck...
Fun fact: That's actually a tumor on top its head
Quack city bitch, quack quack city bitch. Quack city bitch, quack quack city bitch.
That is the worst title ever.
Rep - RHE - Zent Bitches!
Look at all those jive ass quackers
You know about five years ago my sister worked at a church after school program. She can draw really well and the kids would always ask her to draw them things. The most popular subject was Afro-Duck. She was very confused and asked them what that was, thinking it was a super hero or something from a cartoon. Nope, he was a regular duck with an afro. That's it. 
Is it wrong that I looked at the black duck for the fro first? 
When is Duck Brown gonna get back to his time machine?
Dont be dissin his perm !!!!
My hometown had an afro-duck. Its afro was a little more manicured, though. Not sure why.
I thought you were calling the black duck an Afro-American lol... I feel dumb
What if that duck had a brain tumor? Bet you'd feel like a dick then.
Welcome, new meme: Afroduck!
Afroduck was a meme in the long-ago times of the internet..Circa 2006-2007.
Screw you for destroying my dreams, you monster!
So how come it's you posting it?
This is a mini-fro duck I saw a couple of years ago:

I'm surprised the black duck doesn't have an Afro..
it's funny how almost everyones friends says 'i'll see you on the front page'
I looked for the afro on the black duck first.
 I was gonna swim to shore, but I got high... 
"Don't get a perm".Hair advice duck
Do you live in Houston 
Finally, confirmation that white ducks can grow afro's too.
That's duck sperm on his head not a afro
racist much?
and you stole his picture and put it on first... you're a monster.
i have afro ducks where i work
My kid used to call these grandma ducks.
My uncle in Missouri has one as well. Meet .edit: had -> has: Puffy is still alive
All hail!
This looks like the Bonita Golf course in San Diego. I always see that afro-duck with the ginger pigeon. It must suck to be the ugly duckling
Bezelda Duck, she grunts instead of quacking.
This looks like the Bonita Golf course in San Diego. I always see that afro-duck with the ginger pigeon. It must suck to be the ugly duckling
Is this duck located in Fremont, California?
Never gonna make it. .Edit: Of course I believe in you I just know you're gonna fail.
Mr. "Tries too hard" Duck
He's afro rapist. God those duck facts.
NOT TODAY!

You better be talking about your actual brother.
I wish I had a little pet duck with an afro! I would spray paint it black thou so the afro would have better potential...thats just me thou!
SSU?
Question 41 of The Impossible Quiz.Answer:  
I believe you mean jewfro duck. 
Is it racist that I automatically looked at the black duck first?
If this was taken on Sonoma State campus, then Mr. Afroduck and myself are already well acquainted. 
There used to be a duck just like that in the pond outside my apartment.  What the hell causes that?  .All I could ever imagine is all the other ducks pecking the shit out of its head.  Honestly though, I did notice often the other ducks seemed to shun that one and peck at him.

Shouldn't the other duck in the picture have the fro?
Nobody has referenced the seagull from Little Mermaid after he stuck a fork in his 'hair'?
Is this Black Mountain, NC?
Fluffhead!
There's one just like this in Rye NY
Those feathers are growing from a tumor on the poor guys head if I remember the cracked article correctly
I wonder why the black duck doesn't have the afro?
I feel racist for looking at the black duck first
Awww Yiss. You caught my good side.
i have an afro duck.

SO THE IMPOSSIBLE QUIZ WAS WRONG AFTER ALL!
put it on my bill
NOT IF I CAN HELP IT!
Cool duck but fuck dude no one would ever say that sentence out loud. Come on.
At first I was taken aback by how racist it was to call it an "afro-duck" just because it's dark in color. Then I noticed the white duck had an afro.
By any chance was your brother at Carolina beach?
Someone call . . This needs some explaining. 
Oh bros.
A guy in my area owns ducks like this and I've driven past them everyday but never thought to use them for karma?
Ya'll mothafukkas need Geiko
Sea is closed due to aids.
NEVER FORGET!
And then you promptly stole his picture. Good work! :)
So you stole you friends picture?
"Afro" doesn't bring snow white hair to mind.

I see your fro duck and raise you...another fro duck. 
No he didn't OP, no he didn't.........
We have an afro duck in Brighton, Michigan. He even has a Facebook page. 
Could you share where this photo was taken? 
i see two afro-ducks
That sounds like a pretty forced conversation you had with your brother.
Is this in Wilmington,NC because I swear I saw the same duck there. 

I had one name Ducky Hendrix.
I got attacked by one of these in a local petting zoo.
That is a majestically quaffed afro
god this title is so fucking awful. probably one of the worst I've seen, actually.
Disco Duck!!!
Were you in Arnold, MO? There's a duck just like this at the city park.
Say quack again. I DARE YOU. SAY QUACK AGAIN.
I am curious as how this occurs in ducks

I was looking through the comments just to find this gem

"My bro" and "I'll see you on the front page."  Good luck man, I don't think you're gonna make it
Aflac, motherfucker. DO YOU HAVE IT?
Ohio State's Mirror Lake is home to an afroduck just like this one.
Afroduck is my nigga.
I just saw him yesterday!
Good to see OSU's Afroduck being represented in this thread.
Like .?
Yep.  Whenever I pass Mirror Lake, I make sure to greet our our own Afroduck.
 
This is actually a pretty old reference.
Thats a tufted pekin. A breed mainly used as a show bird. Same size and everything as a regular pekin ( aflak duck) except for a tuft of feathers on its head. That one must have escaped from a farm or something. They dont occur naturally in the wild. 
I have like 4 of these in the pond in our backyard right now but they're dark. Thanks for the info! 
There's actually a lot of those around a number of lakes in Lakeland, FL.
Could also be a . It's my understanding that these birds do breed in the wild as well as in captivity. 
We had a couple in the lake here in Oakland so that's definitely a possibility.
No, that's Mozart. 
how does nobody remember mozart? fucking newfags man.
AHAH
IT'S NOT A TOOMAH?
Nope
The nasty thing is that's a tumor the 'afro' is growing from. Some type of a genetic condition.
I had an Indian Runner with a similar puff, it definitely was not a tufted pekin
Evidently the mutatation can occur in other breeds. Im gessing its a cross-breed. 
Sure buddy.  You sound like a real quack.
Now they do.
I've seen one in town on the east coast of the US.
Not sure if I'm racist for noticing that...
I have Pekins as pets (the non tufted variety) and so I have a book concerning the care of all species of ducks, in the book they are referred to as crested
Correct! its a breeder defect. We get about two tufted in every batch of eggs we hatch.  We have loads on the farm. Awesome ducks
Yup. I looked it up. They do exist in the wild. The gene is hereditary so not all ducks will have it. Unless its a mating pair of cresteds, the chance of a wild duck having the tuft is pretty slim. 
Got $8 on you?  You can ..  
With most hatcheries, you cannot buy only one chick or duckling. This is to ensure the safety of the birds during shipping.   This particular hatchery has a minimum order of 4 ducklings and with shipping, it comes to $69.95.  
Still seems like a perfectly reasonable price to me.
Omg I wish you didn't post this. I've always wanted chickens 
I want to buy a ton of duck eggs
Nother lil factoid. Duck eggs are actually healthier to eat than chicken eggs. They're bigger, taste slightly sweeter, and have less fat. The taste isn't for everyone, though. We also have geese and i like goose eggs, and our chicken eggs are fantastic, but i just cant get behind duck eggs. 
Duck eggs are great for baking
oh god the afro chicks are adorbs.
They look like they have huge mutant tumors on their heads lmao.
YES: adorbs. deal with it.
Your knowledge of ducks is profound.....thats all I have to say. 
Lol i grew up on a farm and we had a few of those. Too small to eat and my lil brother showed them with his 4H group. Funny lil duck. But if you wanna see a really cool duck, google East India Runner Duck. They look like skinny penguins lol. 

I have a black runner as a pet and that fucker is adorable!
If you put em in water ( we have a massive in ground pool) they'll dive underwater and pop up a few yards away. If the water is clear enough you can actually see that they dive just like penguins. They're really funny to watch run around all awkwardly too lol
We have a pond, I can confirm this
I have pekins, 4 of em, they are inseparable and it's adorable
got a mallard and the runner.  they are BFF's and it's adorable! DUCKS!!
I remember when they were just wee ducklings, they grew so fast (around 3 or 4 weeks actually)

I used to . these quite frequently in Illinois
Until you a word, I'm gonna assume you used to fuck ducks quite frequently in Illinois.
There's loads of them in a park near me in the UK. Consistently hilarious.
Carshalton sports only one Afro-duck, he is the true Afro-duck.
I vote for the Afro Duck at mirror lake on OSU's campus. He has his own Facebook page.
Oregon OSU? Because if so it's ironic since your rivals are the Ducks.
The true Afro-duck is the king of Stafford Park in Staffordshire. Everyone knows this.
in a trailer park u mean?......lol a piece of america in the uk for u.....ahahaha.edit: ok guys its a joke...........
Metus fusce massa class.
Why call it a joke when there's nothing funny about it?
He's a troll and you fell into his trap
It's also summertime... 50/50 at this point.
That just sounds like something I would never say out loud to anyone ever.
You aren't a pre-teen.
2 people with a common interest discussing that common interest? [le]terally so cringe! Those assholes are talking about our secret club in the real world.
It makes me not want to upvote a post when I see this in the title, regardless of the post's content. 
But its fun y since the black duck doesn't have a fro.
He can't afford one.
At least it's OC.
Yet he posts it himself. There are so many annoying things in this post, I don't know which one is the worse.
It's a picture of a fucking duck.
FTFY
And this comment complaining about it makes me want to upvote him to spite you.
I'm downvoting all of you because why not
I was going to upvote the post to spite him, but now I feel I have to downvote it to spite you. I'm so torn.
It's got enough upvotes now to where it doesn't really matter anyway.
I think it's alright to feel inhuman now

exactly why I downvoted lol
lol lol lol lol .Lol lol lol lol.Lol lol lol lol.Lol lol lol lol.Lol lol lol lol.Lol lol lol lol .Lol lol lol lol.Lol lol lol lol.Lol lol lol lol.Lol lol lol lol. .YOLOL
LoL lol
Enough. 
Calling his shot to the front page, its a bold move Cotton, lets see how it plays out for him...
Ouch town population you bro 

Its the front page..OP wins. It would appear . were the fags this time.
We have met the fags, and they are us.
obligatory: 
No posting tinyurl!
wow, second time I see you today
I don't care how many times this get reposted I will always laugh my ass off.
We all knew this would happen eventually
Its like you're narrating me life..
more sad than funny.
Definitely the same person. Holy shit.
narrating what im doing now yesterday and 3 years prior. I think i need to change my life lol
THANK YOU FOR THIS POST! If there was a cat involved it would have overwhelmed me... Well played!
Holy shit-snacks! That's exactly what I am doing at this moment 
Drugs are bad, mmmmkay
Piss off Mr Mackey!
You should stop drugs for obvious reasons.

You dislike drugs and you don't even know why, judging by the simplicity of your argument. 
Well you should, for...um...reasons...yeah.
Rather than explore the issue themselves, this seems to be the opinion that people have..Can illicit drugs be bad? Sure..So can prescription drugs..So can alcohol..So can any number of other things..You control what you put in your body. As long as you research the hazards, know the safest way to do, and do it in moderation you're going to be fine. It's like eating junk food. You don't need it, but it's awesome, and if you're smart you know not to have it to often. The danger drugs play is often way over played (with exceptions to things like Opiates [heroin I'm looking at you!], Benzos, and Cocaine, judging by what the folks at . have to say), and as long as you make sure you're smart about it, it's really not going to hurt you..Kind of wish people would get over it :I
Um, I was being sarcastic buddy
I knew that, I was backing up your sarcasm and elaborating on my own prior comment, since we were in agreeance.
Oh yeah. I just saw a huge paragraph and assumed you were raging at me. Sorry!
My apologies as well for the confusion!
We might be the same person...
 
I thought of 5 funnier original Star Wars jokes before finishing the meme, I wish I could force choke you.
What if she's a trekkie?
 
Words to live by.
Wow that was funny and informative.
"As a matter of fact Aldreraan was one of the finest places in that galaxy.".
-Socially awkward penguin.
But what if she's totally Hoth?
I find this incredibly clever. Not only does it sound similar but it's a bad idea to look for love in Alderaan because there's no one left alive there nor does the planet exist..Well done.
"I've never been laid, Solo."
Fuck Star Wars.
Who the fuck upvotes this garbage? 
Shut the fuck up.
great pun bc it works on two levels... the wordplay and the fact that alderran no longer exists
You had me at hello and lost me at I don't like star wars.
You're required to maneuver straight down this trench, and skim the surface to this point
Looking for love?... I just want to Leia.
If you want to find worn-out puns, you're looking in, f*ck, you found it.
OP must have just seen Fanboys.
Unfortunately, this one is used so often that I'm tired of it.  It was witty...a long time ago.  Now its just boring.  I have to roll my eyes every time someone says this.
then it blows up in your face
As a fellow Luke being born in 85 and named after this movie this is Death Star kill shot awesome. 
This was just posted yesterday. I know because i stole it and posted it to facebook.
Someone's using the Whisper app.

Am I the only girl who likes Star Wars more then her boyfriend? 
Fuck, i'd be lucky to find a g/f who has even heard of Star Wars. Damn, the dating market sucks. Where all the good women at?
Sounds good to me.  Meeting a girl that appreciates fine writing as much as fine wine.  The cultured things in life.
The waaay the big wheel spins.
I finally found a girl who's intelligent, funny, and super hoth. .She ewoked out on me when I didn't stop making star wars puns. .It was more than I could endor. 
Too much build-up for too little punch.
Jesus how many times?
"I used to bulls-eye womprats back home.".(Desert planet life is lonely)
I'm dating a girl who slept through 80 percent of Man of Steel. :(
It is not the love you are looking for...
I was hoping someone made a meme of this for a comment. 
That'll do pig. 
In her defense, many superman fans found Man of Steel boring and not faithful to the character
Hits you right in the sarlacc.
this is everything i hate about the direction the internet has gone in combined.
Don't touch da voodoo

I'm fairly sure that if she doesn't get Star Wars puns I've picked the right one.
Wookin' Pah Nub...ah what ever happened to SNL?
went right down the great pit of carkoon. 
No fine girls just ugly faces.

Pretty sure I posted a pun like that awhile ago and got downvoted for it..But grats on cashing on on it.
Bespin your ass out of there.
Wookie-ing for love...
When I say star wars, girls are like "is that the one with the laser swords?" and I'm like "beam me up Scotty!" and they're like "who's Scotty?". .And then I fap because I this was all in my head *forever a clone
I approve of this
[deleted]
You just can't ...force...these things.
Star Wars is for homos
More like Luke-ing to get Leia'd in Alderaan places....Luke never had any involvement with Alderaan except through Leia. FTFY
At that speed, do you think you'll be able to pull out in time?
As a Luke, I don't approve of this title. 
I don't get it. OMG NOOOOOOOOOOOOO
BOOOOO!
This thread is beyong lame, you should be ashamed.
My gf never watched any of the Star Wars. Made her watch Episode IV.... She thought it was too childish, I realized too after watching it after 10 years, found it to be too predictable, and too corny..But it's amazing when you're 15..I just don't get why grown men of 40 freak out about it though.
Watched it for 10 years, and now you find it predictable? 
You're a dick, Grant.
After != for, retard.
I just showed this to my wife and she laughed a lot. I am a lucky, lucky man.

That's Detective 
Blaster? I hardly knew her!
'Where did you get that...thing!"
It's as if millions of voices groaned disapprovingly, and were suddenly silenced...
Good, no one wants to hear the bitching.
I wish I had more hands so I could give you four thumbs down!
In-vader asshole.
Something something Sarlacc Pit. 
Nice
Oh Christ.  It always comes Bacta this.
Take her to Tatooine if you want to Wuher.
ugh
This made the voice in my head go Jamaican.
Ya beat me to it, well played sir 
Lol
Alderaan places mon' 


/r/FourteenYearOldsDefendingTheShittyContentOverTheJulyToSeptemberPeriod.Not the catchiest subreddit name I know.

Probably the delivery, was funnier way back when it was posted as a comment on digg.
Or you know... if it were a pic of Luke and Leia... and on a t-shirt... from like over a year ago.

His lightsaber looks like a water noodle.
You could probably update it to the tastes of today's reddit crowd with a #justdarksidethings overlay or something.
Honestly its just as good as 99% of the pun threads redditors circlejerk each other with all the time and get bathed in upvotes. .But no, go ahead, how uncool and unfunny to make as a post.Edit: Whoa whoa, I never said I enjoy the pun threads, I usually scroll right on by. I just meant to point out some of the double standards redditors use to criticize popular jokes. 
The pun threads aren't funny either.  So I don't understand your point.
Those pun threads make me embarrassed. They are terrible.
Hahaha a year ago, cute.
wish this reddit was more popular because you deserve more upvotes.
You just can't force a laugh 
Nobody likes you.
And I won't force you to
Like you will your FREEDOM!
Freedom to search and destroy as naked as please. 
This guy ran over 130 yards and took a dive for security to catch him.  I think he took a look at the actual players and realised they might take it into their minds to tackle him.  Impressed with his turn of speed for a big man.
Thats neither Flanders, nor sexy
QWOP: Naked Fat Limbs DLC
Anyone else see a tanned Zoidberg?.EDIT: Excuse me, a Decapodian.
Xerxes really let himself go!
GTL...
Without the Gym or Laundry part.
Warren Sapp???  He must be hard up for cash to do this "endorsement".
Hot.
I think you gave NIKE a new idea. I'll expect it to be in stock within the week.
What a fine specimen. 
Unfortunately he's a Kiwi too. We always tend to leave our mark in Australia. 
Looks like someone didn't forget leg day.
wow that guy's tan is very even
Just DON'T Do IT!!!!!
I guess he just does it.
As a Mexican, i wish my body was as equally solid brown through out. Stupid farmers tan... i don't even own a farm.
That guy has a stunning tan!
Warren Sapp?
That is a nice even color. Really quality work. 
This is how the original Olympics were done. He's just trying to bring it back. 
Stupid sexy Flanders!
So, Mr T?
University of Oregon origin streaker
Unfortunately he's not Kiwi he is Samoan he's my mates uncle.
This man got a tan before he did this. He had some sort of bikini on when he did it.
Stupid sexy Flanders. 
Stupid sexy streaker.
Call the police, someone stole his calfs! 
Probably because its his skin colour. He is 
[deleted]

Ronaldo staking his claim as Brazils best striker.
The actual run to freedom (almost): .The best part of this was the New South Wales (Blue) player's blatant dive over the intruder to show that he was interfered with during play, costing Queensland the resulting try which was disallowed on review:.Queensland still won the game though.
somebody saw this guy on the bus today
after watching the video it's clear that highspeed still photography is not his friend - on video he's a big guy, but you don't see the microscopic rippling present in the photo (not video like i originally put)
Perfect form!.Should probably NSFW this btw.
Nothing at all... Nothing at all... Stupid sexy Flanders.
He looks like a Goron from Zelda
Lolz. I'm trying not to laugh.
Because you don't deserve happiness? What a bleak outlook. I'm here if you want to talk.
Okay, dumbshit is marked as NSFW, and this guy has nothing on, and its not marked as NSFW. Makes perfect sense!
I made . Nike ad during the Vancouver riots.
Woah there! The reddit hivemind only allows images of minorities rioting..That guy better be asian.
No actually he is white, canadian white, if that means anything to you;   not the flaky British ashy incestuous kinda white, but, canadian white.  like an egg.  still needs to be fertilized, developed ... that kinda white.  so there, this is a Canadian-white kid responding to Police Brutality.  (Look at the blood on the ground).  I think we may all be able to get along.  .Congress is in session.  A swarming mob of homicidal americans surrounds the Capitol.  What stops them from getting in?    
Dont blame the "hivemind" for you being an idiot. mk?
Dude, I used to live in Canada and now just live across the border..I was making a joke about the huge number of memes about black people rioting (which in reality there is little to no rioting)..I made a joke and it fell flat, I'm honorable enough to take my lumps.
I bet he's happy that picture exists 
His story didn't end well. He was brought up on charges, was reviled by the whole city, parents faced persecution..I can't remember the specific details,  but it was all the morning radio stations would talk about
Not surprising, but what was he expecting in this day where everyone and their mother has a camera in their pocket, at least cover your face if your going to do something that stupid in a group full of people. 
He wasn't the only one. A lot of people did that kind of shit during the Vancouver riot. It is not a justification, but it was the group think that allowed them to think they were untouchable..Again, they were idiots, and they deserve what punishment they face but still, heard mentality is a strong thing.
Group think can't make you decide it is ok to try to blow up a police car.
No but it can let the stupid parts of you feel more secure so the more reasonable parts of your brain don't give a shit..Again I am not approving or claiming this kid is a victim. But there was a lot of stupid going around that day. Being in a group of stupid doesn't help..Tl;dr.Vancouver riots = tea party
Go The Maroons!!
Once a Blueslander, always a Blueslander
Go Maroons!.I've been back in Canada for two years, but, you better believe I still watch the games at 4am here!
Good to see a fellow redditor is a QLD supporter 
Yeah I think r/brisbane is all anti-sport westenders..8STR8!
Are you kidding? Every bar in Brisbane is packed showing origin
I think he's talking about the people on reddit, not the actual people of Brisbane.
Correct Brad.
Nothing at all
He's got shoes on, duuude.
That is an incredibly glossy brown man.
he oiled up to be harder to pin down.
"Holmwood, who was charged after a similar stunt during a sudden-death clash between the Wests Tigers and New Zealand Warriors in 2011, . on Wednesday night before hurdling onto the field to make it harder for security to tackle him."
this gets better and better
The same guy streaked a club level game a couple years ago, someone has put the pics side by side and he evidently got a spray tan this time. Last time he didn't have shoes either. It's good to see his performance progressing. 
They should make a QWOP 2 with this guy.

Dat ASS. No homo.
I wonder how many more times I'll see this on Reddit before I die. 100? 1000? 2000??
Nothin at all nothin at all nothin at all JUST LIKE ON SIMPSONS GUYS
when i saw there was 22 comments i was hoping for 22 people saying "nothing at all...".huuuuge letdown reddit.edit: thanks for making my day a little brighter
have we redeemed ourselves yet?!
Not yet. Still waiting.
nothing at all...
Nothing at all...
Nothing at all...
Nothing at all...
Nothing at all...
Nothing at all...
Nothing at all...
Nothing ar all...
You had one job! Nothing at all...
Something at all.
Nothing at all...
Nothing at all...
Nothing at all...

See post with less than 100 upvotes. Think of great comment. Already there. My reddit life.
You just need comedic cat-like reflexes. And unemployment, that's the really important one.
no pity karma for you.
"Stupid sexy Flanders"
Half repost, but it is still pretty suspicious someone is a redditor for nine hours and has more than a couple decent photos
Are her parents siblings?
The snapchat logo looks like Zelda.
Send it back and tell her you fixed it. 
Not a girl's phone, no Candy Crush.
Sadly my screens cracked, so Isee it...
Holy fuck i feel stupid, i spent 20 minutes staring at this post trying to understand it.
something tells me this won't be a prosperous relationship.
I learned about that flashlight app from a teenager at a Justin Bieber concert. I'm so old. :(
lel
Has your girlfriend never heard of folders in iOS?  Clean that shit up. 
-__-
At least she has google maps :)
 
Just Saying...
She must be ridiculously hot...
Wow the cracks line up perfectly with mine!
I'm going to go out on a limb here and say she is blonde.  
So.... this is a screenshot of a physically damaged touchscreen?
"Siri, take a screenshot please"
Broken because it's an iphone
Don't worry bro I believe you. Here is an upvote
I love chicks")
Whatever I stole the wallpaper :)
my keyboard broke upon reading this...my head hurts now
Niegh
HA HA hAW! OP you are one original and hilarious son of a gun!
Upvote for you!
I see the problem... It's an iphone.
This is one of those pictures that really confuse me when I'm going through all the imgur links I clicked.
Little help here?
Having a broken screen myself, I don't see what the problem is...
This again?
hahaha, snapchat... she sends nudes.
A friend of mine did a similar thing, she had screen burn and when I got my phone out to take a picture of it so she could email the shop, she went no no you can just take a pic by holding these 2 buttons down.... :P
Glad to see reddit is on the front slide thing a mob
I shall laugh at your misfortune. You've got a winner.
I hope she fucks better than she thinks
What kind of phone is that? It looks really retro.
IM JUST GONNA POST A SCREENSHOT OF MY PHONE AND PUT ANOTHER FUCKING GIRLFRIEND TITLE AND SAY HOW STUPID SHE IS HUEHUEHU*EHUEHEHUEHEUEHUE
Is she a blonde lol 
so what does she send you on snapchat?
wait. what.
what, are you dating someone with an IQ lower than 30?
Lol.. really?
Post "her" background please. I think it would look sweet on my phone.
we all know what you two use snapchat for
I can see it! .....Oh wait. 
reeeeeeeeeppppooooooooooooooooosssssssstttttttttttt
shes a keeper
I'm okay with reposts. I mean, no one can be on reddit 24/7 and there are new people joining every day. But it's just not cool to pretend it's your own for useless internet points.
Do NOT trust that girl to take birth control. Wrap that shit up, yo.
... with an extra crack pasted in ...
Same. I still don't understand it.
This user is claiming that his girlfriend somehow broke/cracked her iPhone screen, and took a screen shot and sent it to him in order to show him the damage. The joke is that you can't take a screenshot of physical damage on the phone, so the secondary joke is that she's really stupid. Like this submission.
Oh... fucking derp. I'm right on par with her then. lol
Repost and bullshit!
That is the home screen of a stalker..RUN

As a person who also has a broken phone. I don't get it 
You can't screenshot a broken screen.

Guessing repost repost blah blah op fag
FUCKING REPOST
Guessing you didn't date her for her level of intelligence
[deleted]
True, but there's probably a few that gets their jollies off from their girlfriend reciting prose and rattling off math equations
You.. I like the way you think.
Link directly to images (and use imgur), it makes everyone happier. 
Tell me truthishly, is her name Jillian?
You should see the words, "Mr. 3,000."
Okay, is it plugged in?
No she didn't.
Really? We're doing these again?
Redditor takes screenshot of iPhone, claims it was sent by his "girlfriend" trying to show him the damage. 
all for that twisted forever alone karma.
There is no girlfriend....is there?
Only Zuul.
Please come down.
I smelled ..
karma conspiracy about this karma conspiracy .op reposts this on his 2ndary account and then makes a huge conspiracy over on . to milk all that sweet broken karma
There never is...
OP spelled mom wrong 
*There is no girlfriend...is mom. Sorry, I forgot my Russian heritage.
If OP broke his arms, same diff.
Seriously how does this happen in every thread
That's a high quality printout.
My definition of netflixing: spending 90% of my time on netflix browsing what to watch and 10% watching. 
Somebody is in desperate need of a proofreader.
Nice shirt! And then I seen the error.
I like race cars 
x-post this to cringepics
*an entire season.  .Who doesn't proofread before screening a shirt?  Oh, wait... The same people that get misspelled tattoos I guess. 
I've never understood how people can get tattoos misspelt! I have longish quote on my back and any word longer than about 3 letters me and my tattoo artist sat and went through a dictionary looking up before he drew it up to make sure everything was spelt 100% correct.
Anyone that doesn't do this deserves their shitty tats IMO 
Guise... I'm gonna unscrew my name plate... no, seriously, listen, this is great!  I'm gonna unscrew it... and then... SCREW IT ON UPSIDE DOWN!!!  Where are you going?  You're gonna miss the shenanigans!  I'm gonna send it to redd-- come back!.Oh, fuck it, I'll do it myself.  I'll get TENS of karma, you'll see!  You'll all SEE!!!
Dat hair.
Are you asking for forgiveness?
Majestic 
And on that day in the 90s not a single fuck could be found. 
You can just tell he is a man of passion.
Schweet bowl. 
Was he "not your idea of a good time"? Nobody... No one... Ok
How did he not get a horror movie deal?
My 90s crush turned out to be gay :[ (Lance Bass)
No shame. 
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
I'm in the same boat as you.
Its a fine line between fine, and insane.
Not this kid. Newspaper is such an outdated medium for publishing news/advertisements content. .I get it, he's follow world events at a young age and actually reading or maybe he's looking at a lingerie ad. Either way, win.
You really really can..I live in the burbs, the burbiest of burbs that have ever burbed. So when the 13 year old boy next door opened his lemonade stand on the first day of summer last year, it was charming and darling and totally within the ordinary. Very quickly we realized that he was out there every day, early. He didn't just have lemonade, he had coffee, home made cookies and muffins, bottles of water.. he was getting every single person on their way rushing to work. .He made over 3000 dollars last summer. .I asked him, as he was helping me weed my garden for a little cash, what he was going to do when he grows up. Apparently pharmacists are cooler than astronauts, because there is better job security. He then volunteered to help me mulch, because he was already there, and his birthday party wasn't for another hour. .He is out there again this summer, every morning, getting every single car as they head out of the neighborhood. .He told me he is saving up to buy a car, when he is old enough to drive anyway.
Left: OH MY GOD ZIMMERMAN IS INNOCENT?!.Right: Told ya, now give me $1, bitch.
He'll take care of his derpy sister
I doubt they'll be fine they're in the Atlanta airport, they'll be lucky to make it out alive. Also I was in B concourse yesterday on my way to Loiusville wonder if I passed by this picture.
The kid on the right acting like a normal child?
You are at Hartsfield Jackson Atlanta international airport. A concourse. I an working today. welcome to Atlanta.
I have been reading the newspaper daily since i was 6. Now i am old and bitter and spend my days on reddit.
I have that backpack, it's amazing!
Somehow this became about a kid reading the obituaries.. 
Is that the Atlanta airport?
Is she flossing?
Is it because they're white?
He's checking the races in anticipation of a visit from his bookie. 
Ohhh hoho! Family Circus gets me every time!
Concourse A as in Alpha.
I love this so much.
Read more about the drug cartels on B2
Hartsfield?
He should buy a boat.
Waiting for his IPAD to charge
If this were a movie, he'd start talking about that Drug Cartel leader that got arrested. 
As a person who frequently read the newspaper as a kid and now is slowly coming to terms with alcoholism and a bad coke habit.  No, no you can't.
We're all here debating whether a couple of kids that we see from some random, isolated photo will turn out normal.  I think it's safe to say we're the ones who fucked up in life. 
probably just pretending to look smart..kids
Sitting in a chair while still wearing a backpack makes me think the jury is still out.
Newspapers still have comic pages, if I'm not mistaken.
I haven't hung around kids long enough to know.. I will need some help understanding.
This worked out pretty well for the kid in Family Ties... oh wait
Hugo?
Maybe he is reading the comics. like a regular kid.
The one eating and enjoying her childhood!! Mid life crisis boy will go crazy leave his family to be a Russian prostitute 
I bet it is the funnies and YouTube. 
Atlanta!
I look at the kid on the left and I see someone who will grow up to be an investment banker that will end up making lots of bad investments and help tank the global economy again..Then I look at the kid on the right and I see Richard Hammond.
I'm guessing its not going to be the one with the Thousand Yard Stare while easing what looks to be a chicken tender?
Don't want to be that guy but in what way does 'reading in a newspaper instead of getting bored to death waiting for a flight' predict a bright future?
And I won't even go the the funny part. Luckily some top comments make it a lot funnier. 
It's ok to be a proud dad, supposing those are you kids but try not to raise your expectations too much. It puts a lot of pressure on the kids. 
My money for adult normalcy is on the one on the right.
Both are doing better than most kids you see. At least they are sitting down and not running around bothering everyone there.
Note to self: Buy kids yellow t-shirts.
Mom...dad...
The right one will.
I was the kid reading the newspaper and I developed a drinking problem. So I'm going to go with the little girl doing alright.
Twist:  He's looking at the joke section.
I wish I didnt care about my 3 year old nephew privacy, because I can top this and add some cuteness.
Yes, but he hasn't hit puberty yet.  
he's already pimping out that bitch.  So you raised a pimp and a hoe....congrats.  Your family is crazy
He already looks like an actuary, the job for people who thought accounting was too exciting.
Jokes on you. He is trying to figure out what the hell that thing is. 
The males, yes you are correct.
Garfield
Atlanta airport yo!
eh, I read the funnies when I was a kid, and I still suck
He's just probably solving the daily sudoku.
But most times you cannot. For example, my parents have said my brother and I turned out the opposite of what they thought was going to happen.
I, too, read the comics as a child.
If he was on an ipad you would be calling his parents bad. Even if he was reading wallstreet journal on it. 
Spoiler, it's never the girls.
Well.. which one is it?  If you're referring to your son, no one likes a 
His actual thoughts: "WTF is this? Its like a paper internet!"
Dow Jones down fourteen points bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla Obama gave a press conference today bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla scandal in Wyoming bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla idontknowwhatimreading idontknowwhatimreading idontknowwhatimreading idontknowwhatimreading idontknowwhatimreading idontknowwhatimreading 
The one on the right!
Might be reading the obituaries...
I wooshed. Anyone care to explain? 
This is the kid that ends up as one of those professionally outraged people.
I was that kid and did not turn out fine. 
HUE

Plot twist: He spotted a story about Beiber.
And then there are the ones mindlessly shoveling food into their mouths
While at a family meeting, I watched my nephew and my cousin's kid sitting at the same table. Both were 4. .My cousin's kid was reading "The boxcar children". My nephew was repeatedly bonking himself and the other kid on the head with a toy mallet. .How you felt was pretty much how I felt. 
"Whoa, check this thing out.  It's like someone printed out a news site on huge pieces of paper!"
i dont know, coordinated matching outfits with his sister, glasses, and an enjoyment of reading? he'll make it, hes just gonna have to live through middle and high school first
Is this IND?
Hahaha I wouldn't be so sure still plenty of time for him to go wild
And that kid is.... the girl eating pizza..Oh yeah, you thought it was 4 eyes reading the newspaper instead of socializing with children his own age. No, sir. She will always be well fed by someone who provides for her, while managing to do little or nothing to get it while he will end up unappreciated and single, writing pithy blurbs on reddit in his old age.
True 
And it's not the ones who get bullied mercilessly through school because they sit in the corner reading newspapers.
THERE'S A SALE AT PENNY'S!
Definitely the girls watching the handlebar
Definitely the girl.  What normal kid reads a paper at 8?  
ATL?
Comics.
Matilda?
No, not seeing it.  What?  Yes, he's reading a newspaper, but what?
it depends on what you mean by "just fine"

He reminds me of Manny from Modern Family.
Because the're white?
Plot twist: copy of the Sun hidden inside.
Like the bag.
The one in the bag?
Is that Thule backpack any good? I've been thinking about buying one, but I don't think it will fit my massive laptop.
Don't expect grandchildren or for him to have his own place by the time he's 40.
How old is that photo? That laptop is thick! And a newspaper?
you people need to stop taking pictures of random kids, man..
The one deep throating instead of reading... obviously
The kid mesmerized by the Jew propaganda rag?
A prostitute was found cut up in a garbage can, the head is still missing.
Upvote for the THULE backpack.
The kid in the Thule bag. 
I'm actually very suspicious of the kid reading the newspaper.  His reasons could be anything from "newspapers are super underground" to "I come from a species of alien who got our intel in 1998 and we didn't think to update what we learned before we came to Earth"..Of course, he could just like to read the newspaper, but... that seems less likely.
I wouldn't be surprised to see this become a 10 guy meme.
So you post a picture of kids that aren't protesting the Zimmerman verdict?!
What an incredibly pretentious post, but I guess that's why the herd voted it to the front page. 
So, whatcha doin' in Hartsfield-Jackson Intl' Airport, subby?
I had a classmate who read the paper in elementary school. He never played a single sport throughout K-12..not even recess sports. He had social anxiety and made me feel more awkward to talk to him than him talking to me. He had great grades and was involved in advanced classes and activities, although so was I, but I played every sport, am very social and don't read the paper.
Boy on the left - Shot himself at 25 shortly after publishing a book of poems about the state of decay in western civilization.Girl on the right - makes $250,000 a year a stripper, and has home paid for by suggar daddy.
Nice backpack.  I have the same unit. 
This looks like ATL...?.I saw the opposite of this situation at ATL once.  I was heading to my gate when a butt naked 3 year old kid comes running through the airport.  An employee of the airport grabs the kid and is looking around, trying to find the parent..A traveler sees the situation and says "I think he belongs to her" and points over to a gate desk where there is this super ghetto chick (huge hoop earings, very short and tight skirt, tight tank top, about 5'8", about 220lbs., tons of makeup, super long nails, etc).  She is talking to the gate attendant and didn't even realize that her child was missing..She looks over and sees the kid holding hands with the airport employee and she says "Joquann (sp?), get the hell over here!" then she turns around and starts talking to the attendant.  .They ask her where his clothes were and she yelled at some other girl (probably 7 years old) to "put his diaper back on".  (no mention of clothing)..That was all that I witnessed as I was walking by.  I'm not sure how it played out, but I immediately thought "well, those kids don't have a prayer."
Yep I can tell. Girl on the right's parents are rich and own their own company. She has a cushy job right out of high school. Guy on the left is fucked though
I read the funny pages all the time...Now i'm a cereal rapist.
He's just looking to see if they found bodies.
Ahh the good old .I too am a fan of perfection. I thought i was the only one in Atlanta cool enough to possess such a backpack.
That girl looks like a retarded Matilda.
NERDDDDDDDDD
Or he's the kid that is so focused on stocks and making money that he collapses the fucking economy of the United States selling shitty loans while not spending any time with his kids and then develops a cocaine habit until he dies at 42.
World News: Kid is smart enough to realize how shit the world is and will eventually get marijuana and go down the path of 'i wish i didnt live on this planet anymore'
Because being indoctrinated by corporate propaganda is a good sign you'll turn out to be like the rest of the brainwashed herd. 
nice backpack, op. i love mine. 
The boy is going to grow up and make a good living. The girl is going to grow up and fuck a guy who makes more money than her brother and get more money a month than her brother makes. 
That Thule backpack is the best. 
A and he's reading the funnies.
Yeah the girl is gonna be fine. That boy is gonna commit suicide by 40. 
Atlanta?
Definitely not the one on the left. Reading a newspaper at his age almost guarantees he will be a hipster. 
I once did that when I was four years old. I was waiting with my dad at the airport to pick up my grandmother and I brought a random newspaper with me to read while waiting for her. This was pre-Reddit era, but I got a few compliments back then. My face turned scarlet red each time, and I would just smile and let my eyes wander back to whatever article I was 'reading'.
ITT: Bitter, butthurt freakjobs..Abandon thread, abandon thread! 
Obviously the girl..She has a laptop and is ready for the 21st century, the kid reading the newspaper is already behind the curve..Is this a test?
"Then I saw little Tiffany. I'm thinking, y'know, eight-year-old white girl, middle of the ghetto, bunch of monsters, this time of night with quantum physics books? She about to start some shit, Zed. She's about eight years old, those books are WAY too advanced for her."
How much does it suck that I live 1000 miles away from Atlanta, yet know that is the Atlanta airport.... That's how you know you travel too much for work.
probably just looking at the Sunshine Girl, or whatever the equivalent is for that newspaper.
Because there's no way he's nose-deep in the funnies...


"Honey, did you see this?  Apparently the police are beating up negroes like hot cakes."
I don't think it's a laptop. Looks like a portable DVD player

upvote, just for the MiB ref. Thank you that made my afternoon!
I have the same bag. Its probably my favorite bag that i have ever owned.
Upvote for Thule backpack
Upvote for the same Thule Pack! Does yours have fraying on the cross strap though?
Well seeing that they are seated pretty close to one another I think it's safe to say they are siblings.
Plot twist: kid is high as fuck and wants to know how they put the voices on the paper
Swedish car trailer brand bag... Interesting..
You won! Only comment I laughed at so far in this thread.
Thank goodness his parents aren't anything like most of the people in this thread, they would never let him do such a thing because he would actually be seen by other people and actually talk to strangers!  Give the kid a high-five for me.  He will probably grow up to the rule over all the kids that modern parents are keeping in safe little no-brain-development-ever bubbles.
Signs your kid didn't turn out fine: He takes pictures of children at airports.
School will squeeze his natural curiosity out of him, just give it a couple more years.
I have that backpack. That is all.
What's in the Thule bag? Any cycling gear?

A child, reading a newspaper. HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA.
Funny, I can't tell who will be the success, the one reading a dying form of media, or the one getting a jump start on the very adult Gate Boredom. 
When I was younger used to always look at newspapers! Hoping to find Bikini shots.
Also easy to tell which one is going to have a rough time in high school. 
I have the same bag :)
Same here! Awesome backpack :)
What kind of bag is it? Could you give me the details, please?
 Here ya go :)
Thanks!
Its an amazing backpack. Highly guarantee. It has waterproof pockets, (the bag is waterproof for the most part, but theres certain compartments that are really well sealed.) its also comfortable when wearing, the only downside is the compartment that holds the laptop doesnt have any padding at the bottom, so if you set your backpack down hard sometimes you hit your laptop really hard.Ninja Edit: spelling
This. The hard case at the top is perfect for a computer mouse as well. It can be removed for extra space.
The one eating the cheese curl or the one reading the propaganda?.I can't tell
I don't understand, is this a picture of Benjamin Button? Nobody under 50 reads the newspaper!.Source: I work in the newspaper industry.
I too work for a newspaper and can confirm that you're speaking the truth.
It really hit home when we'd decided to stop running the Bridge column at a paper I used to work at..We'd never gotten so many phone calls and angry letters from seniors before and within the week, the Bridge column was back.
As a 19 year old who hates the TV/Radio news, I love reading the paper- there is a lot of stuff you wouldn't read if you were reading online, but with a paper, you do.
I know! Plus, what happens if you really need to poo and your phone battery is dead?
Shampoo bottle and or Book 
We got a ton of complaints when we dropped our web size from 24 to 22 inches.  Old people hated the slightly smaller type. 
We had the same experience. Who knew that dropping body copy from 9.5p to 9p would make us war criminals? Surely, even Pol Pot would never do something so heinous.
I think he just discovered bikini ads and his 3rd boner.
This is a really, really bizarre misconception about human biology.  Fetuses get erections.  Infants get erections.  Toddlers get erections.  There is no age at which males do NOT get erections (unless they develop erectile dysfunction, which is not a normal thing at any age).  If he's just having his 3rd boner, they need to get him to a doctor.
All I see is another sheep.
The news will drive you completely insane.  It's absurd to think you can ascertain these narratives out there in the big world in any useful way to yourself.  Better to just chew or your own fingers or whatever.
recipe for successful adult:.
eat dirt, play dangerous games in the woods, play video games, don't go to college until a few years after high school
'This one time, when I was four, I came upon something dead in the woods.  I couldn't tell what kind of animal it was.  It seemed like some kind of frog or toad.  It was all mashed, and smashed, its blood and guts were all over the dead leaves on the ground.  But I could see its eyes, it's eyes were untouched.   And those dead eyes looked at me!  They wouldn't stop looking at me!  .And I thought, the eyes could really see what I had inside!  That what inside me was bad.  Bad, I've got badness in me!  And those eyes could see it! 
Love the Thule backpack. Have the same one :) 
I'm in the market for a new backpack and those zippers caught my eye. Any details on the bag?
Got it from Apple. Awesome bag. Called the "Thule Crossover." 
Thanks a lot!
It has a ton of pockets, and the model I have has a sunglasses compartment that your supposed to be able to run over with a car and won't crush. There is a TON of space and it just feels like quality. There's no cheap zippers, no loose cloth, and the seams are double/triple stitched. Overall, it's literally the best bag you could buy for $100. 
That's really awesome, man. Any idea where I get buy one?
Amazon has them for discounted prices.
Honestly, the only place I've seen them in person is the Apple store. They should have some. I live in Vegas so I have three to choose from, not sure where your at. If not, Thule sells them online on their own (somewhat) confusing website. They don't ever go on sale unless you know an Apple employee who gets discounts on them sporadically throughout the year, but you would have to have the employee buy it for you. Other than that, they are normally always in stock. 
Righteous, man. Thanks a lot. I'm in California. Got a Apple store I drive past on my way home from work. Might have to make a pit stop today. Thanks again!
Any time!!!
For real?
Right on. Thanks for the great convo Thule guys, I mean employees, I mean just some guys talking.  
I also have this bag. I got it a week before the started selling it at apple stores in Canada. Had to order it directly from Sweden, but the customer service at Thule is amazing. So if you can't find it, just contact them directly. It is an awesome bag. I have had it for about 2 years, and I don't have one single complaint. Still looks like new and I travel with it all over over the world. Favourite feature... every compartment is able to be locked up.
Really? Every compartment? I'm gonna have to see this. That's a pretty cool feature.
All the major compartments have a double zipper so you can lock them together and the crush proof on of the top has a little loop that slips over the zipper and can be locked. The only ones that don't are the little water bottle holder type pockets on the sides.
REI also sells Thule, but it's a better price on Amazon.
Did not know that.... Thanks for the heads up!!! 
How does stuff as un-funny as this make it to the front page?
The same reason funny guys like you get invited to all the parties
That sentence makes absolutely no sense. And OPs pic was still garbage. Thanks for coming out. 
I remember pretending to read newspapers in public as a kid to impress people. And I made it sure I was on the editorial page or business section if someone was sitting next to me.
I don't get what's funny here
no you can't 
Did you just take a picture of two children that are not yours and post it on the internet without parents' permission. I sure hope not. 
People in public, even children, can be photographed and the photos posted anywhere.
"No, I swear I'm not a pervert! I was just taking a picture of them to put on the internet!"
Why is this funny?
"Drug cartel leader captured."
Plot twist: You're taking pictures of someone else's kid in an airport
In public you're allowed to take pictures of anyone.  Even kids.  It's amazing.  Almost like some people realize that having your picture taken doesn't steal your soul or anything.
Apparently you were a kid that would turn out to be a stranger taking discreet photos of children
Taking sneaky pictures of random kids. 
Nuthinwrongwiththat
But, but...think of all the karma.
Stock in Play-dough is falling fast, I better invest in Silly Puddy.
Play-doh & silly putty 
There's a sale at Penney's!
Passengers certain to die!
Johnny, what can you make out of this?
Joey, do you like movies about gladiators?
Have you ever seen a grown man naked?
Love the crossed leg and huge backpack
and the joggers. never forget the joggers.
WTF are joggers
[deleted]
Because to most (non aussies), a jogger is someone who...jogs?
When I thinking of Joggers, I think of ., not ...Ninja Edit: Those are some fake-ass looking shoes.

Australian for . (or, if you prefer, trainers/sandshoes/gym boots/running shoes/runners/gutties/sneakers/tennis shoes/gym shoes/tennies/sports shoes/sneaks/tackies/rubber shoes/canvers)..The English-speaking population of the world really needs to decide on a proper, universal name for those things.
Weird.. in england joggers are "sweat pants"
Huh, that is weird. Though, as an American, I never understood why we call them "sweatpants." 
Mostly the kids not secretly photographed and put on the internet by strangers..
If a picture of a kid reading a newspaper upsets you, don't turn on the TV. I promise, there are worse things out there. 
Yea but you don't sneak pictures of children. That's fucked up.
i really hope those are your kids, or at least you know them.if not, imagine you are the parent of them. imagine you go on the internets and see a picture of both your kids taken by a complete stranger... i'd be pretty creeped out.what you did was creepy and if you didn't even tell their parents what you were going to do it's pretty fucked up, and i hope you realize that
Yeah dude your a fucking weirdo taking pictures of kids, half hidden behind your bag. I wonder how would their parents react to having pics of their kids everywhere on the internet. Plus you know it's wrong to do it since you're half hidden behind your bag you fucking freak.
If you don't want pictures taken of your children, keep them in a goddamned box.  If you go in public, your picture WILL be taken.  And you have no control over where it ends up or how it is used.  Feel free to have a panic attack now.
I don't have children
Unless the kids grow Godzilla arms and start hulksmashing the airport you just simply do not photograph children and publish their images for the whole world to see without their and/or their parents consent, you're just a fucking asshole with no respect for privacy (.).
These kids are in public.  In an airport filled with thousands of people.  Neither they nor their parents can reasonably expect that what they are doing is "private."  
Yeah, and it will take a couple or more tragedies to change antiquated laws about expectation of privacy. When everybody carries a high def camera and software or crowdsourcing can recognize people and tie them to all other information already available about them, expectation of privacy is unreasonable. For instance, I can't expect that sitting in an airport is a private action, but in reality the the law was written when I could reasonably expect that I will be seen by maybe a couple hundred people while I'm there. Not that I would be seen by millions of people at any time now and in the future, and have my identity known at the same time.
Name one tragedy that occurred because a photograph was taken of a person of any age in public..Just one..Just what type of 'couple or more tragedies' are you imagining?
Here's one: a case that happened right here on reddit:.I believe we will start seeing more and more cases. I can think of several scenarios: for instance, someone knows the kids in that picture. What if the school bully downloads that picture and uses it to torment the boy? You don't think that can lead to tragedy? What if the kids are legally but covertly being transported away from an abusive parent? Now they know the kids were in that airport, that day. It's easy to imagine scenarios, and as the millions of pictures published without authorization pile up, sooner or later some of those scenarios will happen..All I am saying is that laws need to adapt to the new reality. Considering that cameras are everywhere and posting pics for the whole world to see is easy, the only way to opt out is to never leave your house. Or wear a mask. That is unreasonable.
I think the point is that they are .. 
I don't think the point was that the image was offensive. If they're your kids then that's fine and I apologise, but taking secret pictures of kids you don't know in public places then uploading them to the internet is pretty inappropriate dude. Not saying you were doing it for any malicious (or creepy) reason but it's still not okay...
Sometimes you can tell which people will make sweeping, pretentious assumptions because they see a kid doing something that a lot of kids don't do. 
Lighten up, Francis.

no. A redditor needn't disagree to everything to justify leaving a comment.
Hello Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport. Oh how I miss thee.
I knew it looked familiar.  As a Southeast native...Hartsfield-Jackson is purgatory with air conditioning.
The aiport itself has a great design, but those TSA agents love to make me miss my flights.
Yeah you don't miss how good it is until you leave.  Also direct flights everywhere.
I'll be there tomorrow! Then Monday. Then Thursday. Then Monday. Then Thursday... you get the idea.
Nice one! I just said to my wife- "that looks like Atlanta"
...and Panda Express!.Oh orange chicken, how I love thee!
Dude. The Moes in C Concourse is where it's at. 
And Krystal Burgers!
They just rebid almost all of the concessions.  I'm not sure if there is a Panda Express anymore, but they have a Five Guys now!
Ha I was there yesterday..
Go on..
..I took a nice poop in the restroom in between flights..
So was I!
I only clicked on the comments to find this one. My fave ATL story is the guy on the plane next to me telling his friend that it's one of the busiest airports on the east coast.  I guess being the busiest in the world technically makes his statement correct...
One of my favorite airports in North America, its beauty is in its simplicity. The concourses are perfectly straight and about a mile long; if you're standing on one end, you can actually see the curvature of the earth.
its loads of fun to be a transfer driver here, planning out your route from gate-to-gate is pretty nuts sometimes
Do you ever drift your vehicle? Or race? 
Yeah, it is so incredibly simple, yet people always complain about how confusing it is.  I just don't get it.
"no" i have "never" drifted, when it rains it's perfect to "not" pull crazy manuvers (away from expensive planes) and I've raced planes without them knowing lol- that's more fun
Also, the train dealio between terminals is so fast and easy. The plane train to the rental car center, also super easy and efficient. There always seems to be the same guy guiding people into the security lines and making terrible dad jokes in the process. Love that guy..My only complaint is the lack of pizza in terminal C..See you tomorrow, evening, Hartsfield!
How about another BBR run? :P
Shit, that's like the best workout- inducting bags like a russian body builder "PAMP YOO AHP!!"
It's gigantic. I had a 2 hour layover there once and didn't know my gate. So I casually went to the next information desk, got my gate and thought I had all the time in the world. Then the following piece of dialogue happened: "By the way, you gotta take the train or you won't make it in time" - "the whatnow?"
I didn't even know it was possible to get to the other terminals without the train.
You can walk but it takes forever
Native Atlantan here. I get to the airport early just so I can walk between concourses.
I know this from experience. .And having to take that damn train twice because the gates were mixed up. 
the smoking lounges are what get me. They are so gross and wonderful.
They should stream live video of those things to discourage smoking.
The proper name is Smoker Aquarium (TM).
Yeah they have walkways that have "moving sidewalks" (flat escalators ?) that you can use to get to other concourses..If you're really in a pinch for time, you're only one concourse away, and you just missed a train, you'll get there faster with a light jog on the walkway over waiting for the next train..The walkways are on the same level as the train...just look down the "platform" while waiting for the train, you'll see them.
Yes! I'm actually reading all these comments now as our plane drives around aimlessly/lands in New York. 
Depending on when you were there, I probably dropped off any transfer bags to your flight- you can thank me in cookies or something
You're on the plane with your phone on?!? Don't you know that the plane can't function with your phone on??
WHAT'D YOU LEAVE ATLANTA FOR? COULDN'T MAKE IT IN A GOOD CITY AND HAD TO RUN TO THE BIG APPLE!?
Why don't you sit the next round out..
Was looking for someone to point this out. As an Atlanta native, have gone through these terminals more times than I can count.
HEY EVERYBODY! THIS GUY FLIES A LOT!!
res-tagged. thanks for the alert
It's just kind of a deja-vu sense. I always recognize pictures of the airport because of it.
See? Nobody cares. 
No, he just can't count very high. 
Truth is the daughter will be the normal one 
Normal is overrated.

Normal people aren't terribly successful. 
What's the fun in being normal?
friends, fun, success

Ehh, so you can't have those unless you are normal?
no, i did not say that
It is not normal to be successful.  Being successful generally requires some knowledge, and normalcy means limiting your reading material to celebrity gossip.
stop taking the comment so seriously
Yes sir.  Right away sir.
came here to say this... she will be completely normal..His chance of turning out "normal" is fairly low.

[deleted]
Especially if that's the Star, that yellow Commie rag
If you mean that he'll probably be more studious than "normal," or average, kids, then I agree.
Based on what? A single picture some stranger took of this kid reading a newspaper? 

Yes.
I can pretty much imagine the boy's life up until 30:.Fascination with information..
Finds he prefers books to people..
Near entire childhood passes with the internet for company..
Fails to develop fundamental social skills in elementary school..
Lack of socialization doesn't bother him at the moment..
Bullied in middle school..
Learns to hate 'normal' people..
Intense depression sets in and sticks around until adulthood..
Few friends in high school..
On lunch he plays MtG in the library or sits alone in hallway alcove..
Grades are terrible from a learned apathy from menial and easy school work..
He enjoys tech lab period the most..
Begins learning advanced computer use..
On a fluke occasion he gets laid..
Sex unlocks an otherwise quiet and dormant animal urge..
Desire for sex wrests impressive control of his motivations for several years..
Goes to community college for CompSci..
Learns programming..
Gets job as low level software engineer..
No girlfriends, few hookups, it's starting to take a toll on his quality of life..
Makes decent money..
Buys a house in mid 20's..
Work work work. But for why?.
Realizes that despite his disposition and prejudices, he needs people around to be happy..
Learns to better deal with people as a matter of course in a work environment..
Tries to make friends. It is a less than fruitful endeavor..
Lack of interpersonal connections..
Inability to satisfy the needs and desires that come with adulthood..
The harsh reality of his social hobbling as a child begins to beget very real consequences manifest as depression and general lack of fulfillment..
Doesn't matter. He is smart. He is tenacious. He can change. He'll figure this out..
Spends nearly all of his free time for several years futilely attempting to improve his situation.  ..... he's stuck in an airport, found the comics page, and can't wait to get home and play soccer with his friends..FFS, this is a single contextless picture of someone none of us know.
Best comment in this thread. 
You nailed my tragically cliched formative years. Thank Fuck I forked after the animal urge part.
Seriously?  Because the kid is bored in the airport and reading . to pass the time instead of staring out into space like his sister?.
I like computers and porn... do me next!
This. I read nutrition facts labels to pass time when I was a kid. Doesn't mean I'm going to grow up and become some depressed loser.
Good god, reading through this was scary!
Hah, you've sucked down the anti-intellectual message sold by popular media hook, line and sinker.
that boy is going to have a midlife crisis by 16
Been there, can confirm
And an early retirement at 24.
He shouldn't have invested in facebook.
When I'm a parent I will do everything in my power to make sure I don't dress my kids the same..That has to be embarrassing as a kid. 
How will you know which ones are yours?
It's actually so the parents can see them more easily in crowds if they get lost... Lots of parents are doing that now
Really? Same color tshirt means dressing the same and it is the reason to be embarrassed? .Way to have the priorities straight. 
was leaving the maui airport last week and an entire family had their matching yellow SPAM shirts on.
As kids, my parents dressed my sister and I the same and it was perfectly fine with us. We didn't discourage it, nor did we encourage it. We might have just been easygoing kids, but generally, I don't think kids actually care if their parents dress them the same as their siblings..If anything, my sister and I enjoyed all the attention we would get for being two of the cutest kids around. My parents were happy about that, too. Win-win :3
At some point though you just have to let them dress themselves and let them figure it out.
The boy obviously do not care. He's reading a newspaper rather than whining and screaming about getting a Polo shirt. He got his priorities right, you got yours wrong.
When I'm a parent I'm dressing each kid as a different Ninja Turtle until they're old enough to stop me.
Being a twin...this happened...and I hated it. 
Twin checking in. My parents did this too. But we're fraternal twins...and different genders. Twice the embarrassment. 
Ouch I too went through that! I remember that once me and my fraternal twin brother wore the same Gola shirt, that I hated because it was too boyish, to a school picnic and I begged my mum to let me wear something else but nope she never caved. I still get embarrassed thinking of it.
When my mother took myself and my sister to see Santa as a kid, I got the girl toy and my sister got the boy toy, because my sister had tight, short curly hair and my hair was pretty long. 
My first thought was that they were part of some kind of camp or group or something. 
My wife had an older sister that got sick and missed a year of school.  So they were both in the same grade growing up, and my mother-in-law would dress them the same.  Everyone thought they were twins and my wife hated that because she was a year younger.  So we end up having twins and she vowed never to dress them the same, she wanted to have them as independant and their own personalities.  Which wasn't too hard since they were boy/girl twins.  We don't even call them "the twins".  I now work at a university and it is freaking weird seeing college aged twins dressed alike and stuck together all the time.  It happens a lot too.
There was a set of identical twins at the college I attend that were room mates with both sides of the room exactly the same and wore the same clothes almost every day. I don't know if anyone ever knew which they were talking to when they had a conversation with one of them
This or the parent had them dress in bright yellow to be more easily spotted in an airport
True. For some reason I got the impression they weren't related when I first glanced at it.
We went to disney world when I was in 4th grade and my family all (parents included) wore the same colored shirts every day so my dad and stepmom could find us, it was actually pretty smart I guess, but embarrassing. If you've never been to disney world in one part there's a talking robot trashcan with a camera inside and someone controlling it from somewhere else (or a little person, idk that thing always amazed me) and when it saw us it was like "HELLOOOOO PURPLE FAMILYYYYY" everyone laughed :(
The name of the trash can you're thinking of is Push The Trashcan. .. 
I just read "HELLOOOOO PURPLE FAMILYYYYY" in the voice of Claptrap.
yes that's what I was thinking when I typed it!

I'm sure she just buys his clothes. In this economy, most 10 year olds are unemployed and just mooch off the system. 

Most are unemployed; however, this kid's funds are most likely tied up in the stock market.
Child labor laws are ruining this country.
.
Kill the Malaysian Prime Minister!  .Dear NSA: This is a reference to the movie, "Zoolander" and not an actual edict for blood. 
Why? Malaysia is a flaming hot islamic nation. NSA might think you patriotic.
Yeah but they're the good kind of Islam.
Kids that act like kids have a pretty good chance of growing up to be fine adults..Edit - don't want to sound like I'm knocking either kid. Its a fun picture and I hope they both grow up to be well balanced people. But I've worked with kids for long enough to know its impossible to predict their paths.
THAT'S PROFILING! HOW DARE YOU!
People around 12 years old who act like 6 year olds are not 'kids acting like kids'.  They're beyond the age of reason, and while they should certainly still play and have fun and whatnot (as should adults), nothing is more stimulating than learning stuff.  Your brain is developing like crazy at that age and it absolutely needs new information and experience of every kind.  Holding them back is obscene.  I know you're not recommending it, but there are a lot of people who confuse 'let kids be kids' with 'FORCE kids to act as infantile as possible, shelter them from exposure to anything challenging or shocking'.
I don't see a 12 year old acting like a 6 year old in this picture.
Obviously not, he's reading a newspaper.  Your comment was about 'kids that act like kids' though.
I agree with this, Kids who try to mature too fast I think have a higher chance of becoming messed up. 
I agree, because having a healthy social life is key to developing.  I know people with decent/good jobs who have absolutely no understanding of social skills.  This leads them to making good money but also having a large gap where friends and lovers should be.  And the people I know like this seem to be bitter at the "unfair" world, which in turn perpetuates their seclusion..Granted, this is just a picture of two kids waiting in an airport so we really have nothing but speculation.
But kids who act like precocious, slightly annoying nerds have a pretty good chance of growing up to be non-douchebags.
Source?
But high school is going to be 
I read the paper regularly starting in 3rd grade and became a lawyer. Parents, you have been warned, send your kids outside.
And I used to read the financials section as a kid. Now I'm bankrupt.
How did you file? Ch 7 or 13? I worked for a bankruptcy judge and as a corp BK lawyer.
I used to read the funnies as a kid. Who's laughing now?
You're not a financial wizard -harry-
I can already hear this kid boring everyone in ten years talking about how he used to read the paper every day when he was 8 years old. 
"He stood up in the middle of history class, and insisted on reading the entire magna carta.".Actually saw that happen once, and it just feels like the same kind of kid.
When I was a kid, I obsessively followed the news. Peter Jennings was my hero; I would have listened to him reciting the phone book and loved it. I was particularly obsessed with every detail of the Monica Lewinski scandal, which in hindsight was probably not the best thing for my parents to let an 7-8 yr old watch obsessively on cable news. By the time I got to middle school I had had enough news for a lifetime and have proceeded to be a normal person who doesn't care since. 
If that's the Atlanta Journal-Constitution he's reading he's not learning much. In ten years, he'll be embarassed about the fact that he was ignorant enough to take the newspaper seriously when he was eight.
haha, it's because they don't agree with our reddit hivemind liberal fantasies!
and they'll all say "whats a newspaper??"
I'm sure he would be mature enough to know that saying such things will cause everyone to dislike him and hence he would avoid saying such things
And that's totally why we don't have those people today...
TIL
What was an amusing title that highlighted the juxtaposition between two children has become some debate over whether one will turn out a moron and the other a pompous ass..Everyone's a psychologist these days..I mean, seriously. Jesus.
What did you expect?.When I came to the comments, I knew there would be two main lines of discussion: kids are cute, and kids grow up differently. Those are pretty much the only starting points the picture and title give you, and since the second one is more interesting, I was not surprised to see a debate on developmental psychology..I mean, seriously, Jesus.
Point. I goofed.
HEY EVERYBODY! THIS GUY IS JESUS!!
I found your statement clever and amusing in the way you took his exclamation and made it as if it were a signature. It made me excrete a mild guffaw.
Haha, nicely done.
Plot twist: kid is reading the obituaries.
Or as I call them, the newlydeads.
Of his victims.
I used to read the obituaries, and it made me sad. Still did it everyday though.
It's kind of sad that the most positive, inspirational section in a news paper is where it lists everyone that's died.
that kid just realized is own mortality...
Not really. We all die. It's just some of us live exceptional lives. 
Obits are on the last page.

Confession, I do this. I'm a nurse in a critical care floor, and I picked it up from some other nurses. It's probably the most morbid thing I do. Every day I am guaranteed to recognize a name of a person who was on the floor before and left, or was a person who passed away while in the hospital. Many of those times they were a patient of mine. It is very interesting to see what the family has to say about them and what they were like outside the few weeks they were in the hospital. 
My mom does this. She has even torn the obituary of favorite patients to take into work with her and share with the other nurses on the floor.
We have a wall in the break room that includes things that like that. Letters from family members thanking us, the program from the wake/funeral. 
Yeah, I think about mortality way too much already without the added reminder.
I read the obituaries.  I just like seeing who people are preceeded by and the kids they have left behind. Its interesting making up my own stories about their lives. 
People-watching in written form. I could get into that.
Plot twist: the kid is really a midgit
Plot twist: Those aren't OP's kids he is just taking pics of random kids in the airport
funny thing is you are probably right
M.knight plot twist: That kid is OP.  OP is a looper.
Gilliam twist: OP is actually looking for the 12 Monkeys
Chewbacca's ploy twist: AAAAARRRGGHRRRH GRRRAAWHHR AAARGH
shyamalan: he read his own obituary
well, at least it isnt quantum physics.

Looking for the man he killed the day before.
He must have smushed him up good to fit him into a newspaper.
May I ask why you felt little Tiffany deserved to die?
Mann now I need to go watch MIB
When I was a kid my mom used to always read the obituaries and I always thought it was weird. When I finally asked her one day why it was one of the first things she always read, she replied with this: "The obituaries often highlight the incredible stories of people. They tell where they've been, what compassion they had for others and the great things they did with their life. When I read them I often find people who lived large and full lives and helped others in amazing ways. They inspire me to do more and be more, so that one day I can inspire others to do the same." Ever since then I too enjoy reading the obituaries and have looked at them in a completely different light.
I used to read the obituaries as a kid to see how old the people were when they died and my grandmother told me that I shouldn't read the obits because I might see myself in there one day. 
Wow, good work memorizing that whole thing as a kid
yeah that totally happened exactly like you described i bet too
There's no way you remembered her exact quote. 
I do genealogy research which means I shift through a lot of obituaries and morbid accounts (Accident reports, etc). Obituaries are fascinating.
I look at the obits to see if there any any new good job openings or a rich singleman that is now available.
Yeah when I asked my mom why she did something when I was a kid she often replied with obviously fake inspiring speeches too.
My parents told me that once I get to their age (late 50's) you start looking at the obituaries to see if anyone you know has passed.  Kind of sad.
Shouldn't your parents be doing that in their 80's not their 50's?

Shouldn't your parents be doing that in their 80's not their 50's?
These days we use Facebook.
This is why I read the arrest blotters when I was younger
Hop aboard the feels train.
Get run over by the feels train.
It really sucks. My grandma is nearly 90. I used to live in the same city as her but I moved about an hour away a few months ago so I don't get to see her often. I was talking to my mom and she said "you should see your grandmother often, most of her friends are dead now so she doesn't get out much"..God damnit, mom. I feel horrible now.
If you think you feel horrible now, imagine what you'll feel like when she's gone. Not trying to be an asshole, just someone who's lost someone they loved and regretting not seeing them more often. An hour isn't far, don't be the idiot I was. Even a card or a wilted flower means the world to them.
What this guy said is so true. I was really close with my grandparents and saw them often. Even with that being said I STILL wish I spent more time with them, I miss them a lot. 
I'm actually over there right now, I felt pretty bad and couldn't ignore it
Then you are a smarter human than I was, and you have my well wishes.
Dude an hour away is nothing, if I wanted to see my grandmothers (I have three, don't ask.) I have to take a plane across the country (3-4 hours) to see one of them and then a over night boat trip to visit the other two. So an hour to hang out with with your grandmother is nothing.  .Edit: Think I'm going to start saving for a Christmas trip to go see them and the rest of my family over there. 
3000 miles away here, both in their 90's thanks for the guilt trip reddit 
Call them! Send them postcards! Send them pictures! There's a lot you can do when visiting isn't an option :)
Dude, I've got to ask...
After my grandmother on my mums side had 6 children (3 male 3 female) she decided I'm bored of men and became a lesbian and is now happily living with my newer grandmother.

In my 50s now.  I read the obituaries for both reasons above in the thread, plus it is startling to see people younger than yourself who have died from unusual circumstances.
I'm already dead, have been reading the obituaries for awhile now to see how the people who outlived me died anyway. I cackle a little when it happens - They might've died from a stroke, but I died in a horrible freak accident that combined skydiving with receiving oral sex. It's fun to laugh at them. Sure, they had a longer life, but . had the better death!.Don't worry, we all watch out for each other on the other side, though. Like we say in my Deceased Anonymous meeting: You're only dead once!

You just tried waaay too hard

I'm in my late 30s, and whenever I get an Alumni newsletter, I always read the 'In Memoriam' section thoroughly, so I can see who's died in the past year.
I'm in my 20s, and whenever I'm at a gas station and I see a "Just Busted", I always thumb through to see which of my old friends is paying the county a visit, and why.
I always read the arrest section of the local paper for the same reason.."Huh, Monica got pinched for meth, no surprise there. And Randall, c'mon man, you knew you'd get caught stealing Ipods eventually..."
Full page add for lingerie. 
I was going to say comics, but I like your guess better 
I hate when people say add for ad. But your comment gets an upvote. 
he will be going places.
*Ad
The double d's are in the ad, so I thought what the hell. I didn't even notice, oops.
Judging by the look on his face I had the same conclusion. 
You can see the shock and  excitement in his face.
I worked at an international airport before and once found a French newspaper just lying on one of the seats. I was bored and started flipping through it and suddenly ., full page, color ad for a breast enhancement cream with a woman's bare, pert tit taking up literally half the page.
What's so surprising?.
Loads of tabloids have topless photos
I find German ones with the most udders. I'm a Finn and I still have this Christmass story with appropriate tittery I picked out from Bild: "Finnish girl from Lapland (Where Santa lives). Lapdancing her way through university."
Not unblurred :-(
'Merica...
You serious? You can't even see boobs in national daily publications? Land of the free, my arse.
our culture is violence good, nudity bad.
Yeah. Boobs are totally out of the question. Need to protect the children or something..National Geographic, yeah fine. Sports Illustrated, NO! BAD!
You have right to remain silent.
Founded by puritans etc etc. 
MAYBE in a fashion magazine, one of those high fashion photo shoots or runway shots of an filmy, sheer designer garment. But even then, rarely
Bra + Panties = 12 year old boner. Yup the math adds up. 
"better cross my legs so no one notices and puts a picture of it on the internet"
You're supposed to contact a doctor if it lasts for more than 3 hours.
If an erection lasts for more than four hours, call more women!
You don't want none of this shit!
Finally, a reference I got without anyone's help! (yay, me)
...I kinda want it!
Mine lasted 5 years...
Yup. He'll be fine
Well I was thinking about the little girl who seems to be enjoying eating her fingers/food while staring into nothing. Success kid in a few years.
kids gonna look . in that lingerie 
no..stop it..you're a bad man.
why don't you take a seat right over there?
Daddy needs to get his rocks off!

No, no, I was trying to . him about the . of looking too sexy in lingerie, is why I brought this alcohol and these condoms.
Shit, must be a dirty kid if you need condoms.
Just sit right here
why would you use condoms? It's not like he has an STD or something...
Because CSI
ooooh, hadn't thought of that. Off to the pharmacy then,I mean, off to not commiting any crimes, yes.
Did... Did you spray axe on this? 
Like a can and a ..
What? I like to smell like an axe.
Fucking Gimli.
WHY IS THERE NO CHAD?
WHY ARE THE COPS HERE?! SHOULDN'T THEY BE AT THE POLICE STATION LOOKING AT FINGER PRINTS OR SOMETHING!
PRINTING FINGERS OR SOMETHING!* ftfy
Sir, this bag is full of big black dildos.
Nine times out of ten it's an electric razor. But  every once in a while  it's a dildo. Of course, it's company policy never to imply ownership in the event of a dildo. We have to use the indefinite article, "a dildo", never  your dildo.

Xbox
I see the problem - you're not supposed to shave off your nose.
If you found a picture on the Internet it's already been through reddit.
Even if this is true, and it isn't, not everyone goes on reddit on the same day at the same time,  so not everyone see's the picture.
This is true... I hadn't seen this and found it quite funny!
It's been posted before, but this is the one picture on reddit that always makes me laugh.
You're not one for OC either are you?
Repost ...:/
Not in Canada, it doesn't :p 
Not if you buy the ingredients and cook it yourself
I find Family Guy jokes to be shallow and pedantic. Well, shallow anyway. Pedantic is a bit of a stretch. Sophomoric would fit, but there's no Family Guy quote with Peter talking about meat loaf being shallow and sophomoric. Cheap would also fit.
Nowadays it's one minute of jokes and 22 minutes of Brian being a liberal douche 
The white rectangle surrounding the text is disturbingly crooked. 
It's reasons like these that I never watched this shitty show in the first place.
haha yes "engaged" has more than one meaning.i can't understand thinking this is funny
I still watch spongebob just when it's on so I can watch it while I'm doing whatever. Anyway my friend was like "spongebob has gotten stupid I can't even watch it. It used to be so good" it was never so good. We were just 5-10 years old when we were watching it and now when we see those episodes they're nostalgic. It hasn't gotten any worse. Patrick is still retarded, squidward is still mean and spongebob is still the same. It's been dumb the whole way through
Shaun of the Dead did it better
My friend keeps saying the show needs to be cancelled. He liked the show years ago but now he's an uptight prude with no sense of humour. That's going to church for ya!
What the hell? That's not even a terribly clever joke. And you're saying that jokes are what makes you watch Family Guy?.How stupid are you, karmatim?
I thought this was going to be a picture of a broken cable box that's permanently stuck on FOX. 
Not a fan of family guy.  But this makes me want to give it another chance.
Aw, that's nice to hear. I met Otto Pilot once and he seemed pretty lonely.
I don't get it.
Ha I just watch this episode on Hulu
I still watch Family Guy in hopes that it will be funny again....Still waiting. Old reruns have been on, and while the show was definitely more quaint, it had a lot more clever moments and wasn't trying to cross the line with EVERYTHING. It's not exactly nostalgia talking either, because I never even started watching the show until a few seasons in.
It's idiots like you with shitty taste that keep this show on the air. 
So many downers on this post. i think its funny  
I understand why people like Family guy but the thing that makes the show so difficult to watch for me is that same close up when they're giving a lesson or whatever and when they half shut their eyes and smile. It really grinds my gears.

I don't find family guy funny whatsoever.
UGH SO TYPICAL. JUST ASSUMING THE AUTOPILOT IS A MALE. .SO SEXIST
Good for you. Good for you.
People have been making this joke about . for... well for a very long time.
It's the fact that you're a fucking retard is why you still watch family guy
I like awful jokes too
It has its moments, but otherwise it's an unfunny Simpsons ripoff. Has been since the beginning.
It's the suck-fest that accounts for 95% of this show that makes me keep not watching. 
Family Guy isn't funny.
Opinionated drivel coupled with non sequiturs, catch phrases and showtunes..I watched it as a teenager, I'm over it. 
Of all the insanely funny jokes on Family Guy, it's this one you submit to redditt? We are not amused. 
I wonder how many of these posts are from marketing teams.
Oh my God there's a BEAR IN MY OATMEAL!
Makes you still watch it? It's never got bad 
Officer Joe: "Meg, you better hurry up. You'll be tardy.".Meg: "oh, Joe, I won't be tardy, you have to be born that way."
Heard this on Shaun of the dead first.
I just got this joke.
Fuck.
The ole family guy switcharoo
Puns. Puns are why you watch family guy. Puns are why Seth McFarlane is worth eleventy billion. .BRB, gotta write some puns.
That's not even funny.
It's the things that are not like this that are why I don't watch Family Guy.

Personally I think the plots of most new episodes suck, but there are still enough funny gags to make it worthwhile.
I'm not ripping on family guy. However, they do tend to get a lot of their material from OLD movies, mostly ones that Sinatra stared in.
Didn't put punchline in title? Fuck it, have an upvote.
I love Family Guy, but don't get this and think they have way better jokes, this seems like a Family Guy squad karma advertising scheme.
I have to admit, I really hate Family Guy, but I thought this was funny.
Which part? I don't really remember that joke off Sean of the dead?
Shaun's trying to call his ex, but the phone line is busy. He says she's "engaged" (As in, engaged in another phone call) and Ed says "Well that was quick".
Ahh yes! I remember that now. Much appreciated.
The show went downhill after season 4.
I gave up on The Simpsons years ago, but still watch Family Guy.
My name is John, and I hate every single one of you. All of you are fat, retarded, no-lifes who spend every second of their day looking at stupid ass pictures. You are everything bad in the world. Honestly, have any of you ever gotten any pussy? I mean, I guess its fun making fun of people because of your own insecurities, but you all take to a whole new level. This is even worse than jerking off to pictures on facebook. Dont be a stranger. Just hit me with your best shot. Im pretty much perfect. I was captain of the football team, and starter on my basketball team. What sports do you play, other than jack off to naked drawn Japanese people? I also get straight As, and have a banging hot girlfriend (She just blew me; Shit was SO cash). You are all faggots who should just kill yourselves. Thanks for listening. Pic Related: Its me and my bitch
Later, when you die, you'll be just as dead as the rest of us, and after all the people you know die, it will have never mattered. 
To be fair, people are moaning about this joke but as soon as a little pun thread gets going everyone wanks themselves into oblivion about it. 
If only we got paid to get carried away.

Thanks for weighing in on this. We were all wondering how you felt
That's the point in the comment section numbnuts, you are supposed to comment.
Replace "we" with "I" and you have a more truthful statement
When turned off it says.Autopilot Divorced 
Shit like this makes me love this sellout of a show.  
I bet you like le Simpsons.
Bet you're a fucking douchebag.

Like; some crazy weddingggggg
The 'autopilot' (a person) is 'engaged' (going to be married)
OHhhhh, I am dumb.
I was like 25 and the pre-movie episodes were just better.  After Spongebob's voice changed it went downhill.
Relevant! 
hmm
I cannot explain it, on paper I should like this show. But something about this, and really anything Seth MacFarlane does makes me really angry and I hate it.
and that's the joke for that particular episode 
i too enjoy lines from TV shows.
what episode is it?

Things like jokes?
I find family guys humor to be on par with the scary movie or "movie spoof" series. Just done a titch better, due to it being animated. Regular simple situation stuffed with quick spontaneous random pop culture references and "toilet gags" with most laughs generated from its absurdity and other people in the room laughing in the room. I guess I find subtle clever get it or you don't jokes like Futurama delivers. But that's 100% my opinion 
To be honest I gave up on Seth Mcfarlane's stuff after an episode of American Dad centred around one of the kids adopting a baby antichrist..Futurama has it's odd moments, but I'm sorry, that one's just too far out of the ballpark for me.
Didn't Shaun of the Dead use that joke first?
That drunk!?
Are you on nitrous or something?
It takes them far too long to get to the good bits like this, though, now.
DAE like American Dad more than Family Guy?!?!?!?!?! Thumbs up/like/upvote/reblog/retwit/forward to grandma if you agree!!!!!!!!!!
Well I'm sure you'd like Shaun of the dead then. That joke is almost directly from that movie.

What ep is that from?

The first of the movies. 
Bender's Big Score.
This is the reason I  don't watch it.  What an awful joke.
STILL watch?

It's things like this that make me regret subscribing to r/funny
I don't see you trying to make anything better. .But really, if you regularly don't like the content, just unsubscribe, it's not like your comment will magically change everything to suit your tastes.
Don't.  I come here every so often and sort by top.  Much better that way.
Seriously, I need to find another sub Haha.
Can we just bite the bullet and rename this subreddit to .?
Why is it that all the "It's things like this that makes [sic] me still watch X" have one of the lamest jokes in recent memory on them?
Because people have these things called opinions and well this post is one.
Once I saw  "Autopilot Engaged" I knew what the joke was, or at least that it would be a pun on 'engaged'.  Family Guy just isn't funny.  It's painfully bad and obvious attempts at jokes.  .God I wish Seth had been on that plane.
Man. You wish death on a writer for a joke you don't like?  I'd hate to be your barber.  
Irony: being downvoted for making an off color joke about a man who earns a living making off color jokes.
You don't enjoy Family Guy so you wish its creator dead?  What the fuck is wrong with you?  Not a rhetorical question.
Um, no. Not just for a joke and not just for a writer.  I think the U.S. and American culture would have been better off if he died.  No more Family Guy, no American Dad, and no Cleavland Show. It is a fair trade off as far as I'm concerned.  .Maybe he will redeem himself with the new Cosmos.  But as soon as I see some Family Guy styled cartoon that makes some  big bang  fart joke, then I'll go back to wishing he was dead.
You seem like the kind of guy who loves to cuddle up with a warm cup of tea and a Lifetime movie. 
...a little bit extreme perhaps?.For those that do not know, MacFarlane was supposed to be on American Airlines Flight 11 on 9/11
There are literally two TV show screenshots on the front page right now. Quit complaining.
Are you 14 years old?
 
 
SO BRAVE.
I get my courage from le fedora
It's cute that you think Reddit's different in the summer.
Exactly.  The only difference is the annoying "lol summerreddit" comments.
I'm not saying these are related, but I've noticed a . more 12-year-olds with microphones playing TF2 since summer vacation started. Before that, there were practically zero. So if you'll take my casual observation as scientific fact, then summer reddit and summer Team Fortress 2 are, in fact, very real. 
Honestly, I notice no difference in Reddit during the summer other than people claiming that Reddit is different..It just feels like conformation bias to me.
And now, to the comment section for a heated debate on the subject of family guy's declining quality...
Hi. I see you've been a member of reddit for at least three months. When you reach "The 1 Year Club" it gets better. It doesn't. It doesn't get better.
It was always shit.
Yeah, but now it's more shit.
Is the show still Seth McFarlane's Personal Soapbox?
Pretty much.
The soapboxery's spread across the three identical shows now
Two now. Cleveland got cancelled
Ahhh. I'm somewhat unsurprised at this, as it was essentially a middle ground between AD and FG
American Dad and Family Guy may be superficially similar, but the humor and styles of the shows are completely different.
I agree with that, certainly a correct observation, but none of the Seth Mcfarlane stuff does it for me anymore. I guess the novelty's worn off for me
Or you know , may have grown up and realised his shit is not funny.
I guess that's fair enough. I'm still a sucker for idiotic humour. 
Well if it works for you, more to you man(or woman)
it works for some people, and for those it does good for them. I'm not going to hate on it just because I don't like it.
Honestly, I actually like American Dad still.  I never watched the Cleveland Show, and Family Guy just isn't funny any longer.
Fair dues :).I can't really say much for the Cleveland show, it very much follows the Seth formula, 2 adults, 3 kids, one talking animal. It's some what of a happy medium between FG and AD
Meh, family guy has always been weak for me in the wit and laughs department, this is no different. It has never come anywhere near 90s Simpsons. 
2brave4me
Yes, things like this is why I try to watch Family Guy but then in the next segment Seth must do a 4 minute broadway like musical number to satisfy his need to sing musicals...which drives me to flip to another channel..The early seasons would play a verse or two of some comedic singing and then move on. Now however, the song plays from beginning to end after the humor is long gone from the moment.
I've never understood who that singer was, Conway something or other, why is he taking up 3+ minute of my time when I should be watching a cartoon!
Conway Twitty is a country music legend.  That said, those clips always seemed wildly out of place and not in a funny "didn't see that coming" sort of way.
Don't forget random fight that goes on about 4 minutes longer than it should.
You guys are ridiculous. .Such petty complaints
The songs, fights, and run on jokes (peter hits his shin) are how they fill time without having to write more. 
Peter hitting his shin was legitimately hilarious and not there to fill time at all. You really think they couldn't have come up with another 15 seconds of material?.It's just not really funny if you keep doing that is all.
If this is the best it's giving, then I'm glad I quit years ago.
I wish I was brave enough to quit watching it.
Feels like an "Airplane!" kinda joke, in the best way possible

Wow. That's the exact reason I don't watch Family Guy anymore. Giggity.
Family Guy used to make jokes that were relatable or at least have dialogue that viewers could identify with. Brian or Stewie or Peter would say idiosyncratic things that actually sounded like things that you'd hear people say in real life. It was funny because it targeted realistic and often foolish behavior and mannerisms of everyday people. Now it just portrays the most asinine outlandish idiocy as to appeal to the absolute lowest common denominator of audience. .It tries to give stupid people something below their own intellect to laugh at and feel superior to whereas it used to jest at the very audience it now caters to.
Don't forget the Fart jokes. Everybody loves the fart jokes !
It's actually always been that way from what I remember.
And you are using unnecessarily advanced words to sound smart.
"Asinine" and "idiosyncratic" are considered advanced?
For the setting, yes. And pretending too not understand that they are "too" advanced, is not better.
It's almost like tv shows evolve over time
family guy is the bugs bunny and tweety show for adults.expect no more or less and you'll enjoy it fine
Bugs and Tweety show? Are you referring to Looney Tunes?.Bugs didn't really interact with Tweety at all. Sylvester the cat was almost always paired with Tweety, while Bugs was usually with Elmer Fudd or Daffy Duck.
The Bugs Bunny & Tweety Show was an anthology of the old loony tunes cartoons which ran on TV.
People hate FG for this but then they love South Park. Like South Park has never done an outlandish "just because" episode.
, but poop jokes are anything but lowest common denominator!  Only those with the highest of IQs can hope to comprehend the subtleties of Hanky..(To be clear, I enjoy both South Park and Family Guy.)
Are you Brian?
Besides the first season. Which was fairly funny but didn't have enough drive imo. Family Guy is just another thing Reddit likes to hate on, and they always to justify it terribly.
Everything you just said would make sense if it were remotely true. However, it's not, but you probably don't even watch the show enough to be aware of that.
I would often hear babies plot world domination 
Shut up, Meg.
Exactly. When I hear them purposely laugh at, go quiet for a laugh, or explain their jokes now I cringe. Like when Peter says something funny then ruins it by looking at the camera with his suprised face. Breaking the fourth wall too much is bad.
I think you need to rewatch the old Family Guy episodes.  It always had ridiculous non-realistic cartoon humor. The "identifiable" dialogue was there, but not the main part of the humor it just made the other jokes a little bit easier to digest.  American Dad seems to have a good balance
This really could hardly be less true. From the very beginning its trademark was outlandish idiocy.
Agreed. American Dad is more enjoyable than Family Guy. To me anyway.
Meh, it is what it is. I still watch occasionally though.
Well, shit. Those two honours degrees I have, and my general well-rounded knowledge are now classified as stupid by mtfr..Or. Perhaps it's just not your kind of comedy anymore, and your tastes have become more sophisticated, and family guy has evolved into a different type of comedy? .Nah, definitely the first - it's pandering to stupidity, ..
Thank you! Have an upvote!

I have to agree, the first 3 Season were very good and it all started to go downhill the same time they turned Meg into a punching bag.
I just finished seasons 1-9 and enjoyed most of the run.  I'm probably stupid, though.
It insists upon itself.
i still have yet to watch all of godfather
I think using the word "jest" made you sound smarter than the rest of the paragraph.
oh shut up. 
Are you joking? It was always lowest-common-denominator jokes and ridiculousness. .Fucking hell I've never heard someone try so hard to sound like an intellectual over something so petty and stupid. What a pathetic comment.
Quite shallow and pedantic if I do say so myself.

Shut up Meg.
I see Reddit still hates family guy.
Common Redditor elitism. 
Which is . 2007...
That's because Family Guy totally sucks.  Enjoyment of Family Guy seems to correlate highly with being a total imbecile..It's like the Dane Cook of comedy cartoons.
It's a show designed for 13 year old boys. The last time I watched it I turned it off when the main characters were making fun of somebody for having AIDS..Edit: 
I haven't noticed that correlation at all.  Some of the most well educated, intelligent, and non-imbecilic people I know like Family Guy.  But if you know some imbeciles that watch it, more power to 'em, I guess..And personally, I would place Family Guy quite a few rungs up the comedy latter from Dane Cook.
I don't hate it, but at the risk of being a Family Guy hipster.. seasons 2 and 3 were just SO GOOD it's hard not to fixate on how it's just not at that level anymore.
well it is pretty Sexist if u Think about it peter says autopilot is a he implying women cant be Pilots!!
The "S" in AIDS stands for "Syndrome," therefore it is part of the acronym and needs to be capitalized. Even people that watch Family Guy know that.
I don't enjoy making laughing at jokes at the expense of disabled, handicap, and unfortunate people. Fuck me, right? .I know people that watch Family Guy, and trust me, they do . know what the S stands for. Not saying everyone is like that.
To be fair, this is a really, really lame joke.  I'm not a huge Family Guy fan any more but there's plenty of better jokes in newer episodes than what OP posted.
It's just like all family guy jokes, it's in Peters delivery of it
I don't like it as much as I used too.  However, I find that American Dad is quite hilarious.  That show has come a long way since the early seasons
Yeah, I can agree with that...
american dad is better than family guy... by a huge margin.
I once heard someone describe it as "Family Guy, when it's funny, is amazingly so. However, it is generally not very consistent about being funny at all. Meanwhile, American Dad is much more consistently funny, if not as funny as the better Family Guy jokes."
i'd rather leave the tv off and miss one funny family guy joke than sit through 22 minutes of that train wreck.  i'd kick mcfarlane in the sack for making us lose futurama to his horseshit.  seriously, in the sack.
You know that Seth McFarland didn't cancel Futurama right? That was the decision by network executives based on cost per episode vs revenue generated. Seth was doing what he wanted and more people happened to watch it. I love futurama too, but don't blame Family Guy for its demise
I mean, both shows (Futurama and Family Guy) are kinda going downhill anyway. However, if I was given the option of choosing to revive (good) Family Guy or (good) Futurama, I honestly don't know which I would pick. Maybe Futurama since I've recently gone on a binge, but old Family Guy was amazing.
.
I dont know about americans. I live in europe and way more people like family guy more than american dad, me included. Is it the opposite in the States ?. I sometimes cringe when i watch american dad. It doesnt make me laugh at all.
I personally don't get all the hate for Family Guy. Yes, it's comedy isn't always the best, but the hate it gets is a bit unreasonable.
It's not a show. It's a glimpse into a writing room joke-pitching session. That's why it's awful.
Quite. It's gone downhill dramatically since series 4. Now it's just an exercise in wedging as many bad-taste jokes into 20 minutes.
yeah seems it, I still enjoy it
I know I'm going to poke the reddit hive hard now however... I also like 
The reddit bees are gonna sting me to death... 
Let me insert a few laugh tracks for you really quick..Just like the Big Bang Theory.
On a special episode they showed that the laughs are actually from a live audience. I'm sure they edit a lot though, and I still hate it. Anyway, the laugh tracks are the reason I generally dislike sitcoms. TBBT is an exception, I didn't find it enjoyable at all in the beginning, however the characters grew on me and now it's actually something I can enjoy in the background even with the laughter as the show somehow compensates for it.
Again, so do I, I seem to like a lot of the shows the majority of Reddit thinks are dumb and worthless. .Maybe I am dumb and worthless.... :|
I think it's freaking hilarious.  I think a lot of people who don't like it just don't "get" the humor.  But whatever....there's a lot of stuff I don't like that plenty of other people do, so there's no point in getting in a pissing contest about anything!.EDIT: Okay, okay, I guess people DO "get" the humor in Family Guy.  They just don't like it.  Right on.
Family guy was okay but its just so awful now. It just tries too hard.
This season had 6 "assassinated president" jokes, 5 of which were "lol jfk got shot" jokes. They were distributed throughout the first half of the season. Each one was the funniest joke of the episode..The writers sat in a room for an hour,. came up with some jokes that they hadn't done before, and made them the centerpiece of half of their season..People get the humor; the writers are just getting lazy or running out of ideas.
It's low brow humor , not hard to "get". If you enjoy it that's great! But it's not a complicated style of humor at all. If you enjoy the show who cares , I don't because I feel it's too recycled, in the early seasons it was fresh and new and now it feels like they use the same jokes over and over. 
Honestly, I don't think I've seen much of the last 2 or so seasons.... Mostly when I watch it it's reruns from some of the earlier seasons.
If you truly believe that many people who dislike Family Guy simply don't "get" its humor, then I'm pretty sure you are its target audience..Glad you enjoy it!
Hahahahahaha thank you. 
I think everyone gets the humor, the reason it's disliked is because the humor is pretty low hanging fruit.
Yeah, I also can't stand how much it jumps around. It makes me feel like the target audience is anyone with ADD. 
My isssue with the show is that it feels like its gone on too long. Theyre bringing back old jokes and old story lines to the point where theyve contridicted whats happened in the past (micheal moore). They turned peter into a straight up retard, same with chris. Brians just an opinionated douche now. Honestly the only character I can stand now is Stewie.
I thought It was because Seth MacFarlane was trying to preach his beliefs every new episode. 
And the show is abundantly aware of this. It usually tries to subvert a third of its easy jokes by making them into things you wouldn't expect. Then it has the easy jokes that it takes really far on purpose to show just how stupid the joke is. The show laughs at itself and at the audience for laughing, or laughs at the audience for feeling like they shouldn't laugh because it's making them feel that way on purpose..I really don't understand how so many people don't get how . works. Everything you think you're pointing out as a flaw, the writers are aware of. They're doing it .. It's always been meta, it's always been tongue-in-cheek, it's always had the same god damn jokes and it hasn't changed much at all except to add new layers to a bunch of characters that were originally just one trick ponies.
Careful now.... I accused people of not "getting" Family Guy and got downvoted into oblivion.
THANK YOU. Reddit always seems to do this with a variety of comedies, especially Family Guy. WE are not smarter than the writers of the top animated comedy on TV from a top TV network. There's a reason jokes seem low-brow, don't hop on your high horse so damn quickly, reddit.
I imagined that being spoken by an angry Quagmire yelling at Brian
There's some pretty good humor mixed in.
Family Guy just became . bad. I stopped watching because it came to a point where I would only get like one laugh out of any episode. Then I saw that domestic abuse episode. I was done.
That episode was just plain bizarre.  It was really bad, and not even remotely funny; I don't know what they were thinking when they wrote it.
There's a domestic abuse episode? 
People need to realize that comedy is not meant to be serious. If a joke offends you, your head is too far up your ass.
Isn't most of what is on reddit and funny low hanging fruit?
Oh yes, generally it touches the dirty ground actually. 
Hmph, I agree..Shallow and pedantic.
Yes, I agree as well. Shallow and pedantic. 
How could you be so obtuse?
Ah, I see.  Well, even low brow humor can be entertaining if delivered well.
[deleted]
Well, shit.
The delivery is my problem with family guy. I agree with what you said, but not only is the humor low hanging fruit, so is the delivery. Their cutaway gags (90% of the jokes) are the easiest, quickest, dumbest way to a joke. It feels like a show written by babies. Matt and Trey of South Park once said, of the family guy writers: "They need to work harder."
Cut away gags haven't been the majority for years. The majority now is, to me, more annoying. It's now all about the self referential stuff. The "hey, we used to do this, and then you'd say that. Let us alter this formula is such a way to show we recognise this fact"
Right, because South Park is the shining example of quality, mature comedy.
During one of my Comp/Lit classes we discussed 'South Park' frequently..It made me gain a lot of respect for the writers..Google 'South Park Analysis'.
Mature? Who said anything about mature?.Quality, I think is inarguable. South Park is all about satire, and it's well thought out stuff. However I really wasn't talking about south park...
mmmm yes... shallow and pendantic
This is how to use three words instead of 108.
indeed lois
Hmmm, yes, I agree. Quite shallow and pedantic.
Hmmm yes, I agree as well. Shallow and pedantic. 
He . upon himself.
What does that even mean??
Because it has a valid point to make, it's insisted!
**Insistant.
"Well, thanks to no gravity in space, my spine stretched and I am now a confident 6'3", so, Lois, I will be leaving you for a hotter woman"
wow if that really what he said in that show i cant believe that they would air that...........i dont think people understand marriage is something to throw around like its nothing at all....and to joke about divorce is kind of making light of bond of marriage.......seth macfarlane takes it to far sometimes........my biggest fear these days is my parents divorcing and i have to pick where to live....im so glad they dont divorce....because they actually have true love...
I was waiting for the part where you said "Just kidding."
You're a horrible troll.
Up vote the troll. Don't give him the negs he wants 
Here's a better idea:.Just fucking ignore him.
Stop
My parents are separating within the week, and I find it funny. 
where's the punchline?
I agree.  So much times people joke like to be married isn't serious.  I too have parents with true love and am glad they don't divorce.  I see it too many thing with wedded just a something to laugh at.  Sad today.  This is needed to be a change of view for these things.
I see you like periods, friend.
I...... I dont think youre going to do well here
I?  No I would like to buy a U. 
i don't think he/she's trying to, to be honest.
He's a troll, 2 week account with -6,397 comment karma. Upvote him. 
Fames justo condimentum orci.
It makes me wonder how short everyone is on that show...
Short? Isn't the average male height in the US something like 5'10? Good for Peter, an extra 5" taller is quite a difference!
I thought it was 5'8 without shoes
Pretty sure its 5'9"
I thought it was 5'8?? I'm 6'3 and everyone calls me a giant 
Calling something short without reference is the same as calling it tall without reference, fatty McGaseous fuck..Downvotes must be the sonic booms from the epic intercoursing wooshes flying here. 
It's 5' 11" for white males.
No it's not. It's 5'10.5" geez.
No, it's 5' 10.5" for white male pedants.
Oh.. Now I don't feel special :(
It's 5'8" for men. I'm 6'1" and i feel no extra boost for being above 6 foot but I never realized it for awhile that people in the average height range have such dispositions mentally about trivial things...I guess little man syndrome is real
I'm 6 ft 3. I don't feel confident.
You are a beautiful creature and should have all the confidence in the world!  GO GET 'EM, TIGER!
Better than 3 ft 6 though right?
6 ft 5. Saaame
You got me there.
He's wrong, 3' 6" don't have to worry about low hanging light fixtures. Who the fuck uses chandeliers in a normal height ceiling room anyway? I don't care if there's a table there now, it might not always be so!
Just stop being a pussy.
.......ok
The ....... isn't a good start.
OK!!!!
uhuh temper temper
Ok

Mr Dre, Mr NWA, Mr A.K comin' straight outta Compton y'all better make way.

Statistics say that you should; so get on with it!
Yeah, get on with it!. yeah, get on with it!
NOW 
The boys down at the lab said statistically you have a 90% chance of dissolving horribly if we slather you up in this here goo. So lucky for you, you're the 10th person to do this. Good luck!.This is Cave Johnson, reminding you that science is the future, and a lot of people will do anything for cash.
Is it because you have a small penis?
I bet you were pretty confident when you sucked yours, eh?
Well, not to toot my own horn (hehe), but I like to think I'm pretty alright.
Huh... I just realized it's only been a month since I RES tagged you. .I'm feeling pretty damned proud of my IRL achievements in that time right now.
Tagged as "Sucked his own dick"
I don't know if you should be making such remarks, ratajewie.
But wouldn't that imply that I have a dick big enough to suck myself?
Sooooo have you sucked your own dick?
I'm sure I could get there eventually with stretching etc. But being 6'3", it's a long way down.

Lol no
Pics? 
Excuse me. I ment pictures.
When someone on the internet says you have a small penis you just go with it
Wow. Yeah your right.
u laughed, implies he's correct :P
It's kinda hard to prove to you people I don't have a small penis. It's just that I'm kind of ugly so I have problems getting to that point is all.
we're all a little ugly whether it's on the inside or out, don't worry
You know what they say, pics or GTFO.
I actually do have a pic. Still it would be difficult to prove its me.
Yes..Oh, wait, you were asking ..
6ft 3 is his penis size.
Well, that was rude.
Welcome to the internet buddy.
It's all in jest.  But yea it was a little rude.
A . A . What is this, Game of Thrones?.Wait, on second thought, keep on keepin' on.
Dost thou jest?
And a little true, or should I say, a . truth? YEEEEEEAAH. I'll show myself out.  
He jests at scars that never felt a wound.
Shakespeare reference. Original.
Is that Shakespearean for virgin?
Oh, so the jokes are why you watch a comedy
Barely a comedy; Family Guy went down hill after season 6(ish). 
Strangely it has become my least favorite MacFarlane show and American Dad has become my favorite all because of Roger & the fact they don't do the stupid "Do you remember when "insert name" went to "insert destination" and "insert stupid none nonsensical thing"".Fuck Family Guy..Even though I own all the seasons on DVD
I feel the same way, Family Guy got worse when it went HD, okay that wasn't the reason but I started to notice the decline about that time and started to watch American Dad more..It does pull out a zinger of a joke/scene but the whole forced+repeated joke that FG does way too often, gets old too quick.
"Joke" is maybe a bit of a stretch in this case.
Also because he's 12
Mom told me I can't watch this show because it's rated TV-MA, but I said GO TO H*CK MOM and I just watch it after they've gone to sleep on the DVR with headphones on.  They can't control me.
That was my childhood right there.
Mine was waking up at 2am to watch scrambled Cinemax porn.
So brave 
So rebellious.
Man, you sure live up to your name. That was a zinger.
I dish out the burnsssss
i won't even lie i checked your typing and your name to make sure you typed the proper amount of s's. you did, carry on sir.
I was saying Boo-urns! =(
Eeeexcellent. 
Mr.Burns...
Release the hounds. 
For some reason this made me think of a giant snake working a cafeteria cleverly insulting every customer that comes through..Welp, I'm done for today.
Who . imagine a giant snake working a cafeteria cleverly insulting every customer that comes through?! Is my question... 
Either that or masturbating - it's always one or the other.
this could be the most annoying thing, ever. happens to me every damn time. 
No, everyone is exposed to confirmation bias.
i suggest u give the noodle a rest on package days
I did something vaguely similar.  I was going over to my gfs house and we were planning on making good use of the day since her mom was out of town for most of the day.  Well turns out her mom had scheduled for the telephone repair man to come by that day, so we were waiting for him to come.  and waiting.  and waiting.  and eventually after we are sick of waiting (and the time he said he'd come passes) we go upstairs and apparently that was when he came.  we never heard the doorbell ring and he had to come again another day. 
Maintenance guy supposed to show up sometime today.."Ahhh... I'm sure I have time for a 5 minute shower..."
I believe Lee Evans . :P
That's how I get the phone to ring..--yes, I still have a house phone that I grunt caveman sounds into.
It is only you. I mean everyone I know says package.
He got a real good tan in that short period of time...
They know.
At least they regularly ring your door bell. So many times I've been waiting for a package all day, only to later find the dreaded "We Missed You" thing posted on the front door. My bell works and I've been there all day! Fuckers. 
I call it Applied Murphy's Law.
Brah that's every damn time I order something. I swear Amazon and the carriers have a pact against me!  Amazon: Yes! Yes! He's sitting down now! Blue team go! Blue team go!
They always come the second I decide to walk my dog and then I'm just the creepy person asking them if they were dropping off to apt b3. Then they crumble the, now worthless, sticky note up with a look of hatred in their eyes. 
I have the same problem with my mum calling me. We talk a couple of times a week, and she ALWAYS calls when I'm on the loo. Regardless of what time of day it is. I was starting to think she'd had some kind of sensor installed in my toilet, until this weekend when I was away camping at a vintage vehicle show and she did it again when I was in a hot, smelly portaloo.
What happens to me is, I let my dog outside and I go use the toilet. He immediately wants to come back in. Any other time I can't . him to come in.
This might be the most British meme ever made, from the pictures to the phrase... Well done.
I fucking hate this 
Seriously! My landlords have been showing our house to possible buyers & I swear, every time they tell me what time they'll be here, my body s like, "Hey, they'll be here in 15, wanna shit real quick?"
Nah.  For me, a parcel ALWAYS comes in the 20 minute window post shower, pre-clothing..Doesn't matter if its USPS, UPS, FedEx or something else; I am naked, wet, and haven't figured out what to wear yet.
Been waiting for my new phone to arrive all day.  I'm apprehensive about taking a shower even, in case I miss it.
This happens when waiting for anything.
You're not the only one, bro.
I always use this trick. want your package to be delivered sooner? - go take a shit. next thing you know, package is here.
Back when I was job hunting I would be terrified of going to the bathroom during working hours, lest I miss a call from a recruiter. I never actually did, but that didn't help.
When I was younger, I'd be waiting for the bus ( context, bus stop was on my street). Suddenly, I have to shit. I look at the clock, 6:10 bus doesn't come until 6:30 or so. Go to take shit. Miss the bus, look at clock 6:12.
This comment is more British than the post...
Two minutes, wow, that's impressively expeditious.
"Knock Knock"
Same thing happens with me. As soon as I sit down, the phone rings. It's never my cell phone either because that would be too convenient.. It's always the home phone..
Yes! The thing I forgot to say was that my mum is the only person who still calls me on my landline. Well, her & telemarketers.
I am litterally waiting for te mailman, Lost the key q.q 
As a girl: put your bra and pants on early expecting a morning delivery. Of course the delivery guy doesn't come and you could've relished in a bra and pants free morning. 
This happened to me yesterday.  And it was an iPhone of course.  Fortunately it was my roommate's iPhone, so who gives a fuck?  Still, FedEx delivery guys have thermal goggles and wait til they see the shitter silhouette to walk up to the door.  
Delivery men don't ring the doorbell. They coast into your driveway with the motor off, lightly brush their fingertips on the door and whisper "Anybody home?" Then they get back into the truck and rev it so you can hear it pulling away.
Some of us have jobs, so no.
Every. Fucking. Time.
This is fucking bollocks. I'll tell you why, no postie is ever that fucking happy delivering a parcel, unless he is knicking himself 2 big uns there.
And that's why you always leave a note.
[deleted]
Let it be known, this person is not an accurate representation of all Americans. Most of us have a vocabulary greater than that of a 12 year old..Edit: Im also a Texan. You're just an idiot.
Whoo! Go Texas! .Love, .Arizona
They know...
I feel ya.
I had a package delivered today. Well, I say delivered when I actually mean the postman never even chapped the door and just posted a slip through the letterbox and then buggered off. I know this because I was sitting looking out of the window waiting for he doorbell, and watched him do it. Playing silly buggers.
Everytime I order a pizza I always have to rush when taking a shit for fear of this happening.
Only you that says "parcel"? Yes. :)
Last week. Amazon decided to deliver a book a day early. I wasn't expecting but knew it was coming.
I go in the altar room to give my offerings to the porcelain god. As soon as the ritual starts, the doorbell rings.
Gotta love those euphenisms
I have the same problem when my mate has crumpets with me mum and i go out to smoke a fag and I come back and they are snogging.
"That is as British as fuck".
The other day I was told the Fedex guy would be at my house by noon to drop off a signature-required package. At 1:45pm, he was still not here so I went to run a couple of errands. I came home at 3pm and I had missed him, apparently at 1:55pm. So frustrating.
I hate UPS
This is British as fuck. 
Even the delivery guy looks British.
And the long socks.
My thought process: Parcel...the fuck is a parcel?? Ohhh, you mean package. Brits.
Missing tea and crumpets. 
Run to the door anyways.


Cky3 Chris Raab does
Dont they actually play the Carlin bit before the shit bit?
She's cute.
you are NOT the father!.Please proceed to dance out the exit
Is it just me or does the "mother" look like she's about 12 years old?
Yea the chick is hot (very hot), but where can I get that light fixture?!
Ah the ol' reddit...nvm...ill go kill myself now
it doesn't look like the table is fully extended. that baby could've fallen on the floor if the docs didn't catch it. this just doesn't look right to me.
OP's username is applicable
It took me way to long to realize that the baby was white.  Does that make me racist? Not racist?  I don't know the answer to this question anymore....
Warrick?
Once you go White, you know it's alright!
Username is relevant
seems legit.
who dat lady
Albinism?
Why is this turning me on?
you can always tell by the color of the balls if a baby is going to be black(brown sack) or white(pink sack)
I don't get it.
A new take?  Isn't this the same situation.
Our 19 month old Daughter saw this picture. She yelled out "WHAAAAAT?" and then she laughed hysterically. She obviously had no idea what she was looking at, but I found it pretty funny.
When I was born I looked like a white baby, then I earned my black card and got dark
she sure looks hot!
You can always tell amateur photography from the over the top expressions from the models. Subtlety is just as powerful people. 
Ironically it's a repost
"Aw man, I hate genetic mutations."
could just be albinism 
at least she knows the daddy will be around..
What is "things that never happen?".Correct for $600!
... how does no one realize this is not a real childbirth
yo dawg, I heard you like realizing. So we got you to realize that everyone has already realized what you thought they didn't realize.
Anyone else think that chick is pretty hot?
Umm. I'm on my phone now but, its not at all uncommon for black neonate babies to look like that,  both my brother and I looked like that and we're nicely done now.
Meh, my son was born with blue eyes and very light skin (almost white). He was mixed not full black but his blue eyes stayed til 6 months. It happens. Genetics is funny like that along with this odd thing call recessive genes. 
Teach that kid to dance and he's got a lifetime career ahead of him..Hoo hoo!
That's right nigger! How does it feel!
Not to mention black girls dont like white guys
What decade are they from?
Reddit hates black people, unless they're beautiful black women..Then suddenly all their little dicks light up and they have jungle-fever
[deleted]

I was going to say, "hey wait that baby is white" but then I looked at his face and then I realized that's what he's thinking. 
Scumbag Lauryn Hill
This actually happened... Nowhere... Ever...
Why would he be shocked? He would be ecstatic.."You are NOT the father!"
TIL: I'm not as racist as I thought. I had no idea what the joke was for a good minute.
DR. PHIL??!!!!
She looks great for just having a baby.
Pfff like the guy in the $3700 shirt is gonna cut the umbilical cord 
Realky? No one is gonna mention how ops user name is slightly relevant?
Hell, Lumberg fucked her...

Grats on the baby girl. 
As if he'd be at the birth...
Haha, black people, amirite?
New my ass.
The dominant black gene would make the baby black still even if she fucked a white dude.
[deleted]
You seem surprise. 
What about Asian?
Extra super racist actually.  
Eh, in this modern climate, that would be called "racist"..(not by me, but by plenty of people I know)
(not by me, I'm just gonna bring it up though)
When South Park brings up race issues, do you also balk at those?
No, I just don't take life that seriously... I try not to sit around and think "If I was black, would I consider this to be offensive?" ... not exactly a productive or desirable mindset to be trying to get offended all the time.
There's not nearly enough blood and other bodily fluids there..When my daughter was born there were at least a few liters of blood lying around.
The baby is white.
Took me way too long to figure that out.
I still don't get it. 
The two black parents had a white baby. The father in process of cutting the cord, and is looking distressed, meanwhile the mother is like "whatever, brohan". The baby is like squinting and gaping with it's mouth (probably some new drug code kids are using nowadays). Someone in rubber gloves stands outside of the frame, holding the baby. I imagine the rubber gloved person is also starting at the mother's cooch, which may be why the father looks distressed? 
There is an old joke/trope where a white woman gives birth to a black baby, and that is how he learns that the baby isn't his. They even played on this idea in "My Name Is Earl," where his wife gave birth to a black kid with a massive afro and they still called the kid Earl Jr. .This is a reversal of the trope, and it is funny because it seemingly can not happen. Most of the time, if one parent is black, the child will at least be what I like to call a "milky way baby." So it is funny to change the trope into an impossible situation (even though it sometimes kinda happens.)
Thank you.
Same here!  I was almost to the point where I needed to go into the comments to see what the heck was up with the picture.  
Yeah I was confused too. I thought it was about how the mom looked all nonchalant about the birth...

So is the photographer saying that blacks are so used to popping out babies, it doesn't even hurt anymore?  
Not sure if racist... Or stupid.
No.
You're right, it probably still hurts until at least the 5th one.
How is this funny?
This works if all babies are boys.
My daughter is half-white and half-black, sooooo I'm obviously not racist. . just one of many examples of which I've called out racism on reddit before. I usually get upset about racism, but in this case, let me be the one to tell you to loosen up a bit and chill out. I meant that it was a new take on an old joke..<rolls eyes>
[deleted]
[deleted]
Isn't it possible for a black couple to have a white child, much like how a brown eyed couple can have a blue eyed child? (Except way lower odds due to multiple genes involved and whatnot. ) 
Albinos.
Yes, that is possible.
They have to have some white ancestry though. 
finally a newborn that looks like one (only the blood and vernix is missing, but that's OK). Most "newborn" babies in TV shows etc. look like they're already a couple weeks/months old... 
I mean.. do you want them to get like a . baby? or cover it with blood and stuff?
I don't like it unless it's 
nah, it's fine. I just think it gives people a wrong impression of what a newborn looks like. 
That's because they are.  A friend of mine happened to be at her baby's pediatrician's office when a casting person came in asking if any particularly small babies had been born in the last few months.  (I think child labor laws prohibit babies under a certain age.)  My friend's baby was indeed on the small side when born and, a few months older, was still very small.  He was one of the babies hired to be the newborn on Lost.  
Anyone knows the name of the model? (to cut out the joke, no I'm not talking about the baby...not about the man either)
You guys do know that black babies are born fairly white, right?
Oh shut up. As if you didn't know that there were other obvious morphological differences at birth between black and white babies. Plus, while black baby are fairly white at birth they're surely not as white as a white baby.
She looks awfully comfortable for pushing an alien out of her vagina.
when my kid was born a year ago (im a black guy, mom is puerto rican), the nurse made a joke at the moment of delivery saying "she has blonde hair!"...i actually did think it was funny though. but yes, my kid was white at birth.
Totally normal- melanocytes don't migrate and proliferate until later.  Also babies are covered in vernix caseosa which is white-ish.  Blonde hair in a newborn of African heritage is not unheard of either- it is pretty prevalent in certain populations.  Congrats on your kid, hope they are doing great!

Before seeing your comment I read jaxar's comment in Peter's voice. 
Aint no pregnant woman ever look like that!
bae caught me birthin
This made me chuckle. Upvote for you
I'm no doctor, but should the cord be cut . far away from the baby's body?
Doesn't have to be cut at all and can be allowed to fall off as most of civilization did (and some still do) before advent of charging for medical services became the norm.
[deleted]
You seem to know everything worth knowing about umbilical cords, so: What happens to the piece that continues into the vagina?
Either the vagina sucks it back up or it's attached to the placenta that gets delivered.. Don't remember which.
It's attached to the placenta. In my case, the doctor thought he could pull the placenta out by tugging on it, instead of waiting for it to deliver naturally. That is a sensation I would not care to repeat.
Well you're supposed to tug on it, that's the proper way to deliver the placenta.  You don't want to pull too hard or you can tear it but you are supposed to pull it if it doesn't start to come down on its own.  Obstetric hemorrhage from the uterus is actually a REALLY BIG DEAL, and this is all part of the process to minimize the risk of that.  It is uncomfortable, just like the uterine massage you receive afterwards, but it's for your benefit, I assure you.
what the fuck!  it just slides out on its own a while later.  some vigorous massaging to the stomach is all that is needed.  seriously, they yanked at it!?
don't yank on it, the umbilical cord was not made for yanking and even after birth it is transporting blood between the mother and the baby, if you yank on it and break the cord it can lead to serious bleeding. 
I'm imagining that it's like the feeling when you've had a really bad nosebleed, and afterwards you yank out that bloodclot that seems to go all the way back into your sinuses. Like that but more so and lower. Of course, I lack the equipment to ever test this theory for myself, so I'm just going to keep imagining it's like that.
Like those really rare boogers that feel like they're pulled out from the back of the brain?
It's not that long. You also want to keep the baby at the level of the vagina to prevent unneeded blood loss. Initially we cut them at about 5cm. 
if anything put the baby lower. 5% more blood at birth would make it a mutant with powers.
they clamp and trim it closer once the initial cut is made and the baby is cleaned up a bit


 
Black babies are born white.
Oh shut up. As if you didn't know that there were other obvious morphological differences at birth between black and white babies. Plus, while black baby are fairly white at birth they're surely not as white as a white baby.
It depends on the level of melanin already produced in the infant's skin. Some can be white as white, some a little darker. 
It's pretty close, honestly.  Also, other features aren't as prominent as you suggest, IMO.  Not to mention that babies are covered in vernix caseosa, which is white-ish.  I think you're full of shit, basically.
it's a baby's hourly income of $0/hour that drop it into poverty and initiate the color change
Yes, most pregnant women have the baby inside of them.
brilliant.
That child has been given the greatest gift any inner city child has ever seen.
a father?.Oh I am so going to hell for that...
That guy would have bailed even if the child was his.
His expression looks like he might disagree with that assessment.
I was thinking it being white, but I like your thought better.
oh my god
To credit the artist:.  (NSFW).This one shows up in series 2 I believe.
wow this was cool! that is photoshop master. but for some reason all the pictures with children as the models really unsettled me.
anyone know who the music is by?
These are some gorgeous and unsettling photographs
series 3
I clicked that link and was immediately fucking terrified.
That's some weird music on that website
Recorded by The Man From Another Place, sounded like...
I actually really dig it. I don't think I'd ever blast it in my car on a road trip, but it's pretty cool.
I just want to know who the model is.  She is gorgeous.
They haven't named her yet.
People name their babies months in advance.
Ah the good old switch a fucking doody doo.
i know a guy from my school that waited forever after the birth of his child to name it. it depends on the parents.
I didn't get my name until I was around two months old.  Parents couldn't decide on one :P
My great grandparents let my grandmother's sister name her. She couldn't figure out what to name her and my grandmother didn't have an official name until she was about 19 when her sister finally settled on Beverly. 
So he's still waiting.
Brilliant.
I.. don't get it.edit: oh ew
Your comment has no * next to it!  I've caught in your web of lies, scum!
4 minutes
If you edit a comment within the first minute or so there's no *
3
TIL
Ninja edits (edits within a certain amount of time after the original post) don't yield an *.
Somewhere around 2 minutes
3 minutes, i'm pretty sure
3 minutes, I am sure.
Somewhere exactly between 2 and 4 minutes, or something like that.
TIL
We aim to please. :D
_
Many black babies appear white when they are first born, except for certain parts.
pictures? 
This is not the weird part..The weird part is the fact that the black father actually is there.
except for certain parts? they are born with elephant sized penis
I have been told their nads and ears are sometimes dark, even when the rest of the body is pale.
Oh shut up. As if you didn't know that there were other obvious morphological differences at birth between black and white babies. Plus, while black baby are fairly white at birth they're surely not as white as a white baby.
They are certainly not caucasian, but they do tend to be light enough to cause some people who do not know better some concern. Many times, the people who do not know better happen to be one or both of the parents because THEIR parents did not warn them about it beforehand. Stop being a douche.
Do many white babies appear black when their first born too?
I was black when I was first born?
It does not happen 100% of the time, but it is quite common. Ask your extended family about it sometime.
in my baby pictures I have very black hair and browny skin
White babies come out totally clean..*Because the baby in this pic is clean and still has the umbilical cord attached.
I have pictures that say otherwise. 
no, that's the umbilical cord
Ba-dum-tsss.
True. My physician father came home from a delivery in which the african-american mother delivered a child who looked more or less white, other than certain parts. The black father was pissed until the nurses explained this phenomenon to him..On the other hand, once a white mother delivered a CLEARLY black baby. The white father was not very happy..My Dad has good stories. 
Nice try NSA.
Thank you :D
My kids are mixed. . He's darker than that picture makes him look. He's also got the typical "nappy" hair that most black people have while hers is fair like mine. Genetics are weird.
The blue eyes threw me for a loop; is your wife of mixed heritage as well?  Blue eyes are supposed to be recessive, so both of you should have the gene in order for them to appear like that..I'm blonde + blue eyes myself, and my wife is Chinese, so we're curious what the mix is going to look like.  
An ex of mine had cousins that had two very different children like yours.  The mom was always sad because she thought everyone would see her as the babysitter!
Both her parents are black but there are some white people in her line, her Grandma is white. That's why she's Jewish too.
My nieces are this way as well, one is light brown with dark hair and eyes and the other is a little white baby with blonde hair and blue eyes.  Same mom and dad.
I have heard of cases where parents- both of a particular race- will have a child of another race. The common theory given is that, somewhere in one or both of the parents' lineage, there was an interracial mix that was covered up genetically. The genes happened to come forward in the hypothetical couple's child..I have never verified the veracity of the stories, but as you said, genetics are weird.
That's crazy but I can see how that would be possible. It doesn't bug us a bit since they're both gorgeous kids. My wife actually loves that she doesn't have to deal with a daughter with hair like hers.
It must make for some awkward portrait studio visits.
You know what's . awkward? I was married before and have a son who is actually all white. My second son is mixed and looks it and his little sister is mixed but white. I'm a stay at home father. Can you imagine the looks I get when I'm at the playground? People have no clue what to think. My second son is very strong willed and can be a terror sometimes so I always think someone is going to call the cops when I'm dragging him kicking and screaming away from the playground.
Haha, that is possible. That would really suck.
There was a case a few years ago when a couple, both mixed, had twins. One looked completely white, the other completely black. 
That is pretty wild.
it's like.... reverse
I met the blackest black man and seen pictures of him and his black wife on the wall in their house. Next thing I know a blue eyed blonde 3 year old comes running around the corner. I had some rapport with the guy at this point and jokingly said "so is that your boy?" with a smirk. He looked me dead in the eyes and said "it sure is, almost left the ole lady over the whole ordeal, 3 paternity tests later and he is 100% mine. They never tell you in health class that sometimes your kids come out a different color than both parents"
I would have been a mite suspicious myself if I were him.
Not fully ripe yet.  
the darker the berry
play ball
Google is your friend. I am not searching 'naked black babies.'
Black babies born white.
Yeah, they don't get a lot of sun in utero, apparently.
Who would of thought.
would have*
Unless the mother is really good at handstands.
So black people are just really sunburnt white people?
Really tan white people / really sunburn-resistant white people.
It's not due to sun, it's due to melanocyte migration and production of melanin.  But I guess that's less fun sounding.
No, really tan white people are just skin damaged white people.  That's what a tan is, skin damage.
Not exactly.  It's both.  Apparently short term skin darkening is from oxidation of melanin (damage).  But then the body increases melanin production (the tan) which protects against further damage by UV rays.
Go read about melanin, and then think about what you just said.
Go learn to take jokes, then kill yourself anyway for being so fucking stupid.
Its ok buddy I laughed.
I could offer you the same advice. Minus the part about killing yourself, of course. Because saying something like that would make me sound like some kind of crazy person.
Nah, white people are just really pale black people!
True. I think it's because the melanin in their skin hasn't yet been exposed to light. My friend (white) had a baby with a black man, and the baby came out white but its skin transitioned within an hour..edit: wow, sorry for offending so many people by using a gender neutral term. HER skin transitioned within the hour. I didn't think the baby's sex was relevant. 
People tend to prefer "their" as a gender neutral pronoun.  There's pleenty of prior usage of it when gender is unknown or irrelevant, not just as a plural.
Black babies are people too.....
I kind of want to see a time lapse gif of that
She had a full hour to see what could have been, but in the end she was an accomplice in genocide.
It sounds bad but if you don't specify a gender you have to call people it instead of him or her.
You don't use s.o. or partner instead of gender terms do you? That shit is the most ridic thing I've ever heard of. 
Fixed to the PC version. Not because I care, just to show it's possible.
He and him can be androgynous, referring to both genders.
I have no idea why you are being downvoted, it is technically correct. In fact that's how English originally worked, but language is constantly evolving and what were once generic pronouns now refer exclusively to males. 
Of course generic pronouns are starting to come back with hir and whatnot, which I fully support.
Generic pronouns are interesting. I just wish there wasn't a need for them, i.e., people didn't take offence to incorrect pronouns.
That's not entirely true. "Him" and "his" could have been neuter in Old English, but "he" was exclusively for men..And three cheers for gender-neutral pronouns! Have you heard of the gender-neutral pronoun "yo" in Baltimore? Apparently it's relatively wide-spread and has been used for years.
I was always told 'it' was for objects and to use 'him or her' for a single person of unspecified gender even though it is tedious as hell.  Why?  Because English is a ridiculous language.  Obviously.
Why wouldn't you specify a gender?  
You are thick-headed as fuck.
False.
Nope. It's grammatically correct to use he, him, or 'man' to refer to both genders. Doesn't mean it's socially correct, but definitely grammatically correct. Plus, she and her can also be used the exact same way.
Oh god, I can hear SRS collectively farting from their mouths from here
I call a baby "it" if I don't know the gender. It's not as if the baby is going to care, it's a baby. 
I like to call a baby "it" until it can correct me.
Well said
wah
they're like little human Polaroids.
...just don't shake them like a Polaroid picture.
oh god that's so cute
Though unlike their Polaroid counterparts, it is not advisable to shake them, as it will not make them black faster.
Except shaking a polaroid picture will cause it to be discolored as the chemicals don't react as they properly should to the photo.
It will, however, make them blue.
shaking it doesn't help it develop faster either. Don't shake!
Something like that, yeah. My mother was a midwife for a while and used to tell me about it happening with black couples. Some people do not handle it calmly.
"Why does this baby have 3 legs?! Oh, Mah nigga.."
You would think that would be something black parents told their children at some point. ."Hey by the way Jr, I know you and the Mrs. are trying to have a kid - just fyi when the kid is born he'll look white but thats normal." 
This feels like it should have been an episode plot for the Cosby Show. 
Or you know, the midwife.
Yeah but you'd think if its such a common place thing its something you'd find out before hand. 
Generational trolling?
lol maybe they are sworn to secrecy 
All I know is I would put that white baby in her. If she looks that good during birth she must be a 20.
lol
yeah. she be bangin'.
that's what the "new take" refers to
All I know is...that this woman is a model/actress and she didnt actually give birth.
Don't know why you're getting downvoted. I've been through childbirth and any woman who looks like that immediately after should be a) worshiped or b) shot..Hell, I'D put a white baby in her..Edit: I guess I like to forget words that make sentences comprehensive.
Uh, "shot"? Really?
I'd put a yellow baby in her.
Here is the reason: 
While I somewhat see your point, I'm amused that people are scoffing at the idea of having a baby - which comes directly from MAKING a baby - being sexualized. It's already pretty sexual.
I don't agree with them either, I was just stating the reason he was being downvoted. 
go on.
C)  The black guy stretched her vagina so much a white man doesn't have any effect.  even if the white man uses his entire body.
Oh look, it's unfunny recycled old joke time!
You're certainly doing a good job with that comment. 
You're not very good with this whole "commenting" thing, are you?
This is my friend, . .Yeah. I know.
Why is her hair so perfect! HOW
Holy shit her hair looks perfect. Did she not sweat at all?
LIES!
She's ridiculously gorgeous all the time ., so it isn't really that surprising.
that smug daddy. he's so proud to have tied that one down.
Because he's so much taller than her his dick is as big as her arm.
 but a happy one!
heights?
Awwww yeah, Appalachian State :) Recent alumni here.
hey nice app state sweatshirt! i currently attend app.
I hope to god that poor woman has a long vagina canal. 
I don't know his height, but I'm 5'4" and I would say she comes up to my chin...so somewhere around 5'? 
Looks like he's about 6'5" .. 
are you saying...your head is 4 inches?
looks like he got himself a spinner!
She looks so good after childbirth because she is used to the feeling I would assume.
bazinga.
Not trying to be an asshole, I'm just shocked that she actually looks better in the childbirth picture...
...while on the other one she looks 14.
FTFY
 . WAS 14..
FTFY  
 My labour was so easy the one nurse wanted to murder me, I swear. Don't mind the stoner eyes. I had a shot of morphine.
Yeah you need a white baby in you. From me. .EDIT. WTF PEOPLE ! ALL I DID WAS OFFER A DICK. UGGGGHHHH
ahah it was the same for my sister. She was like ''That's it?'', it was that easy for her (first and only child)
Honestly, you look like you could still be in highschool. This is weird.
I will take that as a compliment! I am most certainly not :)
I wouldn't say high school, but maybe just out of college (22?)
Spot on!
Man I feel like I should sort of hate you but I had an emergency c section so all I had to do was lay there. I didn't look pretty though, so the envy is pretty bad.
I was terrified of the thought of having a c-section... especially when I had my son. All the women on my mom's side have had c-sections with every single one of their boys because their heads were so big. Thankfully my son's head is of average size.
It wasn't bad but I'm biased because the choice was death or c section. So I'm very thankful for modern medicine. But the drugs man. Nothing beats drugs from the hospital. 
I was more afraid of the recovery time. With my daughter I ended up with an episiotomy and oh. my. god. Fucking hell, man. :(
Wow I'm sorry that had to suck. They gave me Percocet and some other drugs so unless the baby kicked it while he was eating I didn't feel it for two weeks. Bit sore for awhile but nothing to bad. I did however have an amazing surgeon that cut me open and sewed me together quite beautifully. I was terrified when they wheeled me into the operating room. I had never had surgery before that. Lol now I'm sort of afraid of natural birth.
The way they do c-sections now is amazing. There's barely even a scar really. Don't be afraid of natural birth. It's amazing. After my second I was up and walking 20 minutes after. No recovery, and it was awesome.
Wow that's amazing. I couldn't move my lower half for hours and wasn't allowed to walk the first day either. Not that I wanted to anyway I was exhausted.
She's got big vagina syndrome.
I wish more people would tell their easy pregnancy stories! I feel like people who had it easy just keep quiet, and thanks to all the people bragging about their 48 hour torture labors I've pretty much decided its not worth it. 
There are many positive ones out there. I can assure you of that. I had a "perfect" pregnancy. No sickness, no bloating or swelling, and I only gained 18lbs both times. I think that had a lot to do with how healthy and active I was.
yes!!! thank you 
I will second this. Because of eating well and exercising I actually . 40 pounds during pregnancy! True story. Easy delivery at home, two years of major PPD (the "Dark Time"), eight years later we have a super-genius, ridiculously funny and awesome kiddo who is a joy to be around. Most of the time. ;-) They change you in the most amazing and unexpected ways.  Motherhood is an adventure I am SO glad I have taken!
I agree!! PPD here also... still working through it BUT I am so glad to have my children. I love them to death!!
B-b-but my baby is white.
I immediately passed out for 9 hours after I gave birth. The first photo of my husband holding our son had me slackjawed and drooling in the background lol. 
You're lucky! I didn't get to sleep at all. :(
A or B?
A. Always A.
You should patent that ability to give birth and sell it. You'll make millions.
B with the addition of the word 'up', apparently. 
When they said "stop pushing, the baby's out!" I said to the nurse "What? That's all? That was WAY easier than I thought it would be!" This was after turning down an epidural and putting off pain meds as long as I could. I thought the nurse was going to come across the bed and punch me. With my second child I had no medication at all. Must have some good birthing hips on me.
Nothing like those moments when you're not sure if you're SuperWoman or if the rest of society is made up of softies.
I am so jealous of you it's not even funny. Seriously, you look way too good and it's just not fair. If it weren't for the sentimental value, I would burn all of the first pictures with me in them. I look like a crack whore, legitimately. You see the picture and you think, "I can't believe they let her hold that baby. Someone should take him away from her. Right now."
I always laughed at how awful my mum looked in her first photos with me but now that I'm old enough to realize the torment of child birth, I want to give her flowers on my birthday. Moms are damn warriors. 
Don't worry about it haha.  I have seen a lot of labors and yours is . more typical.  It is a tough process, you should be proud of yourself.
Thanks! I was fairly proud of mine... My mother used to tell me, "Don't you do this to me! I went through 29 hours of labor for you!" And now I get to psh her and say, "I went through 75.5 hours of labor, don't even!"
Yikes.  Ok, that does sound like rougher than normal.
I'm right there with you. After my first kid I looked like one of those "mystery beasts" that washes up on shore.
Women.  Vain to the bone even after creating a new life.."OMG, this $30,000 chemotherapy is like totally ruining my complexion!"
DAE hate women???
Your misogyny wasn't funny in the last thread and it's not funny now.
for whatever reason, i feel i should let you all know that i'm having MASSIVE deja vu reading this thread right now..i'm remembering remembering reading it before. like i feel like i've read it three times, all like months apart..HOW MANY TIMES HAVE I RESPAWNED?

This last year I was working as a defensive and film assistant at my old college, and one of our black coaches had a baby during the season. He was shocked at how light it was, and before any of the medical staff told him that black babies come out really light, he texted one of the other coaches that he thought his girlfriend cheated on him, and the other coach (who had a 2 year old) was like "NO, BLACK BABIES COME OUT LIGHT! JUST CHILL!".A week or so later he was at the mall or something with the baby and his girlfriend, and someone asked them where they had adopted the baby. He yelled "THIS BABY IS MINE! HE JUST LIGHT SKINNED RIGHT NOW!"
this made my day just a little bit better
You were so close man. So close.
You were closer
Lol
 or 
What part of the comma didn't you get?
Hi, and welcome to reddit! One of the many features of the reddit comment system is the "edit" function. This function allows a user to modify their comment after posting it. Even after other people have replied! To ensure that this function is not causing misunderstandings or abuse, the developers have included a feature in which edited comments show an asterisk next to their posting time! ISN'T THAT FUCKING MARVELOUS.
What ever. I saw the asterisk after I commented. That thing is so small. Sue me!!.How was I going to guess he edited his comment? 
If someone makes an oddly sarcastic comment or one that doesn't quite make sense in the context that you understand it, that is a clue for you to look for the asterisk in the post being commented on.  Some people admit their edits, some people pretend it never happened.  And some people embrace their mistakes and leave them.
You took time to type out a comment; you should be able to take .5 seconds to check for the asterisk. Sassy-pants.
Do you check for asterisks on every comment? How does that make sense? 
Every comment I'm going to criticize 

Yes. 
Let's eat, Grandma..Let's eat Grandma.
And now, relationships
Personal favorite:
I helped my uncle, Jack, off his horse..I helped my uncle jack off his horse.
If it looks like a chicken-necker.
This almost made coffee come out of my nose.  For that, I'm glad it wasn't a little bit more funny, because the coffee out the nose move is an uncomfortable one.
My cat drinks out of the toilet and the bathtub. He is not nearly as snotty as other cats.
 
I laughed at this more than I should have
comic is not funny.
like, at all....
he wants double the karma, posting on comics and on funny.. i know what you're up to narcolepsyinc
Guilty.. Though, in my defense, the past couple of comics I've posted to ., I've only gotten a few upvotes compared the the couple I've posted to .. .I've never cared much about the karma, I do care a lot about getting my website out there though. 
I think it would be better if in the last panel he says "that part kinda stinks" instead of sucks. Adds another layer of the joke because poop. .That being said I think it's really funny, keep up the good work good to see some original web comics here. 
My stupid dog only wants toilet water right after any one shits.
I just had to stop my dog from trying to eat my shit out of the toilet. Fucking dogs.
you know, im not even mad anymore, i wish you good luck with your comics
where is the joke?
That part kind of sucks.
"That part kinda sucks for you, as a cat. We love shit"
I think it would be better if the dog says "that part's awesome!"
Thank you for your input. Others seem to think so. That's the great thing about reddit, it has a lot of opinions. 
so now were upvoting a dogs point of view? lol reddit sucks with its dumb posts and people downvoting me for no reason
New ..
My dog just drinks from a bum bath/bidet.
It's a joke that while the pooping sucks, it's still not bad enough to stop the dog. Just another anthropomorphized animal joke.
I dont know why that made me laugh as hard as it did
Did you read it in Seth macfarlane's voice?
You might be retarded, because that comic was hella unfunny.
Thanks for this post! I just remembered that I pooped earlier and completely forgot to flush... that could have given my dog a nasty scare.
I think my dog would consider that coffee.
I don't know about yours; but my dogs . poop.
Just FYI, if your dog's drinking out of the toilet, their water dish might be too close to their food. Some predatory animals are particular about where their water is in relation to their food source. 
the poop makes the water even better.
I've just gone on to your website, excellent stuff mate.
Thank you very much!
You have a fantastic sense of humour. Love it :D
Thank you very much!
No need to thank me. I appreciate your humour, it should be me thankyou you. 
Just this morning I witnessed my son shitting on the floor and our puppy eating the shit about 150 milliseconds after the deuce had landed. Dogs love shit.
Makes it worse? Adding shit into the mix would only make a dog happier..Well, at least my dog who eats every fucking thing he can get his dirty maw on, be it his shit, cat shit, or my other dogs' shit. Dude's an eating machine.
human poop is like caviar for dogs ... _
Great, now I'll feel guilty taking a shit.
People are so arrogant that they shit in their drinking water.
Pffft...my dogs don't think the pooping part sucks.  "Those are .!"
this!
Not sure why but that made me laugh so hard I  almost shit my pants 
I have a question for you: why do you rehost comics to imgur instead of directly linking your own site?
Well I shit outside and my dog still "voluntary" eats my poop.
Can you give us a link to more of this? T'is pretty funny.
Why is 'tis' such a popular thing to say on reddit? It isn't classy or funny nor does it make the user sound smart or sophisticated.
Wasn't trying to sound smart, funny, classy or sophisticated, didn't realize it was a "popular" thing to say on reddit either. Just found it was faster to type than "it is", i understand i only saved one letter but t'is not really your decision which letters i wish to save now is it?..Sorry if i offended you in any way. Have a nice day.
I didn't mean it in that sort of way, I'm sorry you took it that way. I meant to actually ask why it was popular. I'll edit my comment to make it seem a little nicer if you'd like.
Hope you enjoy my other comics!
I like how it says "Updated most Wednesdays". Your lack of schedule is very artistic :P. .Loving it keep up the good work, and thanks for the quick reply!
Those quotation marks make me uncomfortable.
Because when I put my site up on here I'll get 5 or 6 upvotes. When I host them to imgur, I do a lot better. People on reddit just prefer clicking on easy links like imgur and since I don't do this for money or ad revenue, I'm ok with just getting my name out there and getting my work seen. 
You really should comment with a link to your site when you do this.  Money is pretty neat

This guy gets it.
Isn't the grey one a cat?
The dog thinks every other animal is a dog?
Um my cat drinks out of the toilet sometimes?
Shhhh, keep it on the down low. You can't just give him away like that.
Yeah, I was going for a westie-type dog, but I can't draw dogs very well. It definitely does resemble a cat. 
Haha I have a westie actually 
I actually thought it was pretty funny that the dog thought the cat was a dog.
I'm pretty sure my dog thinks I'm a dog too.
They shut up, when I bark at them angrily, does that count?
My dog thinks anything I pet is a dog.  He comes running looking for attention when I pretend to pet a cardboard box or any other inanimate object.
How do we know you aren't? 
Looking at it now, I completely agree. It adds another element of the dog being adorably stupid. 
Damn. I thought it was always a cat, and the dog thought it was a cat, because my dogs think that our cat is a dog. She's not human, or small and squeaky and runs away on sight, so = dog in the dog's eyes??
Yes, I agree too. My suggestion would be to redraw it with a cat instead of the dog. Also, I think it would be really funny if in the third panel the cat loses interest and starts licking its paw. The fourth panel, the cat could be looking to the right or something.
I can tell it's a dog by the matching chest tuft, elongated head, and nose shape.  I had to look a second time when everyone mentioned he looked like a cat... You did good OP.
That, and the first dog refers to it as "new dog"
Agreed. I also thought it was a cat and enjoyed it as such.
You are missing comedy gold by not turning this into a regular strip with this as the plot: the dog believes the cat is another dog, and the cat just doesn't bother to tell him.  Definitely funnier, especially with the 'are you that fucking dumb?' look on the cat's face you have.
That is a bat-shit funny idea !
It may just be me, but I have never understood what was so funny about bat-shit.
I would read the shit out of this on a daily basis. Please OP listen to this man.
Don't dogs often eat poop anyway?
Mine prefers it in packaging! Baby diapers are like wrapped candy bars to him. Not sure if the baby needs changing? Let the dog in, if he sniffs my babies butt, it's time!
 has dubbed that process the .. .I think "One-Dog Canine Centipede" would be more accurate, personally. The full comic can be seen ..
Beat me to it...There are 2 kinds of dogs.  Shit-eaters, and non-shit-eaters.  Mine is the first kind. :(
yea, but only their own
You must not own both dogs and cats.
My dog will go outside, eat too much shit, and then throw it up inside. Always right on the fucking carpet. There are few things nastier than cleaning shit-puke from the damn carpet...
Indeed! Scientists used to believe that dogs were lacking in certain vitamins from their diet the first time round (such as vitamin B), so the dogs would have to consume their poop for the extra nutrients. Recent research as pointed away from this theory, however. Its more widely believed that dogs learn this behavior from their mothers when they are pups. .Like kittens, puppies have to be taught how to defecate by their mothers stimulation. After the puppies poop, the mother consumes the feces for protection, as the smell could alert predators, and den hygiene. After a while, the puppies will begin stimulating themselves, and consuming their own feces. Typically, this behavior is reduced by the time the puppy is weened, but that isn't always the case.   
My hypothesis is that we've bred them into retardation. Cute, lovable, loyal retards.
Sometimes I wonder what we'd be like if aliens invaded and took humans as pets. What specific traits would they breed us towards? Would we be bred into retardation in a similar way? I imagine they might different uses for us so we'd eventually be bred into very different looking species. There might be Barbie and Ken doll like humans for show. Some might be bred into hulk like man beasts for fighting. There might be tiny human companions bred for space travel that are small enough so that they are low maintenance and resource friendly.
I guess you can think of slavery as a similar concept..
My dogs do. They kill small birds and rodents, eat them, then digest, shit, eat their shit, continue ad infinitum. 
My roommate's dog found his way into a pound of peanuts and ate the whole bag recently. He's a little 20 lb rat terrier, and he ate an entire fucking pound of peanuts. He was shitting whole peanuts for like two days straight and proceeded to eat his shit peanuts afterwards. I just felt bad for him, honestly.
normaly the effictive rate from heterotroph animals is only 10%, but I think with dogs nature made an expection. He can digest his digestion like a hundred times! amazing
My dog loves to raid the cat litter box. She sneaks upstairs, thinking we won't notice the cat litter coating her shnoz. It's given her the nickname "coke nose", because it looks like she's snorting cocaine. 
My friends think it's ridiculous that we always have a "cat" bedroom that's blocked by baby gates.  But it's for this very reason, the cats can get in and out, and the dogs can't get in to eat their shit.
I've been watching my dog do this old trick for a little over a millennium.
And you're...you're ok with that? 
So, you need only to feed it once?
I concur. 
You agree that his dogs eat shit?
To be fair it's a certainty with any dog really. 
My dog hates cats but loves their shit. Idiot dog.
Your dog isn't an idiot..
Cats usually bury their shit. It's treasure..
Your dog is a thief.
When life gives you shit...
Eat it!
Trying to stop a dog from doing that is like stop a guy with blue balls from masturbating. Just don't let them lick you. 
But what if I like blueballed guys licking me? 
My response relies heavily upon your gender and attractiveness. 
or just put hot sauce on their shit until they stop eating it. 
Nothing says 'stable dog owner' quite like following it around with a bottle of tobasco and waiting for it to crap. 
Nothing says 'stable dog owner' quite like watching your dog eat shit. 
Nothing says 'stable dog owner' like seasoning the poop before they eat it.
you can train them to not eat poop pretty easy when they're still pups
I think the dogs know what they're doing. It's disgusting to us but I've never seen or heard of a dog getting sick from this "activity."
My dog used to eat shit outside and then throw it up in the kitchen.
I mean like, actually sick for a day or two. I'm guessing your dog was fine after he threw up?.Also, I'm sorry about your kitchen.
Ha! Yeah she was fine. But you can't imagine the atrocity of it all, unless you've seen it... shudder.
I could be wrong but don't dogs eat their vomit and other less than beautiful items with the intention of throwing up? Doesn't it help their immune system get rid of bugs and whatnot. Similar to dogs eating grass. 
Dog, hairy.
Thus, the cycle continues.
It beats getting a chunk bitten out of your hand.
When you think about it, a lot does. 
Like ducklings, they're cute
You're supposed to cut a little rug, not shove it.
I wanna know the story about this guy getting punched in the face, haha.
where will . be when the acid kicks in?
"You gotta punch the pony right in tha face"
I kept on clicking on the screen just thinking I was enlarging it.
Well, your title is better than the "when the acid kicks in" bullshit, so I give you credit for that.
First thing that made me chuckle all night.  Bed time! 
This took me far too long to "get" than I care to admit.
VIETNAMMMMMM
Acquired new skill!!."Falcon Punch"
Wow, to the guy punching : what a dick move!
I'm having a vision Chels!
I hope that guy went to jail for that.
As it was zooming in and got to the closest frame the power in my house shut off.....for a brief moment I thought the gif caused it.
'Nam...
He thought it was just a fart
Where will you be when the acid kicks in?

"omg my boss is going to see this"
I think the acid just kicked in
SHE. REALLY. IS. MY. DAUGHTER.
fuck ravens.
I don't why exactly, but I haven't laughed this hard from something on the internet in quite some time.:D thanks!
That's so Raven
Let's play find the Vietnam Veteran.
I bet it was one of those days where something happens in your dream and you see it in real life. Shit's annoying.
POW RIGHT IN THE KISSAH
Thats So Raven!
Where will you be when the acid hits you?
Wasn't this picture on the front page the other day and then thing gif was the top comment? .Well...at least you waited a couple days I guess.
he's looking at the glove.. he's looking . at it people
I'm still pissed they changed the sock patch to the regular Sox logo.
His thoughts: . I called outta work today because I was "sick"
This is so fucking awful.
True fan
"My god...soy-lent green is made of...!"
Where will you be when the acid kicks in? 
Where will you be when the acid kicks in?
That's so Raven!
Where will you be when your acid kicks in?
Why is he punching that baseball man?
The sad truth of going to a baseball game :you spend all of your time staring at the scoreboard and jumbo-tron trying to figure out what the hell is going on. 
Only if you don't know the rules of the game...
It was then, that he realised...
I was freaking out as it zoomed in, it felt  as if it was me zooming and it took me a while to realize  it  was a gif
With you being the second person to say "that's so raven", what the fuck does that mean?

That guy must of really wanted the other team to win.
He looks like he's having a vision from That's So Raven
Where will you be when the acid kicks?
Only if you don't have seats directly behind home plate.FTFY
great catch this was in 2005, our world series year
Baseball man?
My attempt at silly child humor.  I'll see myself out now...
Where will you be when the LSD kicks in?
This needs sound. I'm not the best at doing, dun dun dunnnnnnn.  
It was a tv show on the Disney channel starring a black actor. Since black people are generally thought of as abusive and violent, the term "Thats so Raven" was coined meaning something like "That is an abusive situation". 

God, redditors are fucking stupid. Please, tell me how redditors can be so fucking stupid.
He just realized he left his wife and kids in the car with the windows up. 
It was top comment the last time this was posted. people trying to get karma.
where will you be when the acid kicks in
More like a that's so raven moment
Why isn't it called 4th base? Home plate? I dont even.... force out? Da fuq guyz!
Why come the pitcher doesn't bat and on some teams they do? Also why are batters such atrocious hitters.
DONT STOP.... BELIEVING.. '05 champs!
It feels like it was just yesterday. But now we suck.
"I left the oven on!"
Hopefully my baby who's in the car remembers that and drives home to turn it off.
I bet the Brewers regret the Carlos Lee/Scott Podsednik trade. He was the final piece to the White Sox World Series team
Brewers have such a laundry list of regrets, the barely think about this one.
Looks like Grienkie/Segura will be the rare trade to work out for them
sorta. Segura killing it in a worthless season.
woa, this dude went full on 
TENSO
That brings me back.
Not like this.  No, not like this.
Where will you be when diarrhea strikes?
It's the future I can see.



That's so Raven. 
Ok. WTF guys. I seriously remember this post from a few weeks ago, and it had the same exact comments. What is going on?
this is how reddit works.did you not know
a few WEEKS ago? That's an eternity, by re-post standards.
It was last week. This, in fact, super fucking shitty by OP. 
There's a glitch in the matrix..
i was actually pulling in on the image to enlarge it with RES, and it kept enlarging and enlarging more and i was screaming "I LET GO!! STOP IT!!" then i realized...
Happy cakeday!
Same thing happened to me, I zoomed in and it kept in zooming, I thought I was going to die.
Oh cool! I always wondered when my cakeday was :) It feels like its been years lol.
Just one ;)
Screw the downvotes, Thanks :)
It's not a repost, you've simply been assimilated into the hivemind and can predict all comments.
You've essentially been transformed into a 4th dimensional being. There is no past. No future. Only you and the (re)posts.
I tried zooming out when I first opened it until I realized the gif was zooming in. Messed with my head a little.
Hello darkness my old friend...
I've come to talk with you again...
Yes, that is the next phrase in that song.
That I happen to love very very much.

Isn't there a video for this? Link, anyone? EDIT: Found it 
This gif reaches unprecedented levels of epic.
I just laughed so hard I cried. You win the internet for the day.
I almost exploded from attempting to suppress my laughter in my cubicle. 
That is the best GIF I have ever seen
solid gold
Gold you say?
Stains!
I expected those flashback pics to be in OP's gif
Ignore this comment, just want to come back to this gif later. IGNORE ME!!
This is my favorite gif of all time

Wtf is that thing. Is that a cat? What a strange shape.

hmm..woahhhhhhhHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHGHGHGHGHHHHHHHHHHuuhhhhhhh.....

dad?

Wife and I love this subreddit. Might make one with a few pictures of our derpy shiba.
Where were you when the acid kicked in 


oh my god.i never was able to process my feelings on vietnam.this did it...
Shh, ittl all be over soon
r/funny: here to help you remember vietnam. 
I'm more interested in the guy decking the player in the face!
Yea, that guy is just checking out spaceships. 
i think he saw his wife kissing another man on the kiss cam
How is that not assault?  He's clearly making a fist and punching the guy in the face.  Weird.
Because you never looked into it.. The fan doesn't move an inch, posednik runs right into him
Might just look that way from the photograph.  It's possible he was going for the ball, or trying to throw up an arm to protect himself, and for a fraction of a second it looked like he was throwing a punch..Or he could just be a dick who punches people over baseball.
Maybe the guy was trying to catch the ball and if it made it past the gate it would be a homer so the guy punched him to stop him from getting the ball?
I believe I covered that under Scenario Two:  Maybe the guy is just a dick who punches people over baseball.
Who punches with an upside down fist? 
Some boxers jab that way.  
Someone who doesn't know how to punch?
Look again, he is leaning over to punch him so his fist kinda looks twisted from what a normal punch would look like.
Technically, it would be battery. Assault is actually the threat of violence or harm. Battery is the act of physical violence itself. 
I was part of an assault and battery jury in Los Angeles. Here, the distinction is assault is a threat or application of force that causes harm (like pulling the trigger on a gun, throwing an object that hits someone), whereas battery is causing harm using your body (fists, feet, ect).
This is how it is in chicago too, battery is a simple misdemeanor while assault is a felony. Assault seems to have a much wider definition tho, lots of variations to charges with the term assault in them
Yeah, the weirdest variation I've heard of is that an offensive gesture can be considered assault. Flipping someone off and getting an assault charge for it is...strange.
It doesn't even have to be violent. Spitting on someone is battery.
The definitions vary in certain locations, but that is the most common distinction.
i hope he wasn't charged with battery, watt a tragedy, Ohm my god!!!
Electricity pun.
Why how did you catch on? Shocking isn't it?
That's quite enough
More like, the_fun_stopper. 
The player is Scotty Pods (Scott Podsednik) and is from several years ago. As for guy you are wondering about, no idea.
As a Cubs fan, I always liked Podsednik. That guy is a hard-nosed player.
I didn't like him in 2005
This was at the latest from 2009, his last season with the White Sox. He also played with them 05-07. He was only good in 05, when they won the world series and he was a badass leadoff guy and actually stole bases.
I'm pretty sure it's from 05
He and Tadahito Iguchi were an awesome 1-2 punch.
Good old Scotty Pods. Could always count on him to get picked off on 3rd with no outs.
He was a good Brewer.
And a not-half-bad Red Sox player as well.
Wasn't he on the White Sox when they won the series? Or was that a different Podsednik?
Yup. 2005.
Different Podsednik?  How many Podsedniks do you think there are in professional baseball?
There are about 30,000 Cabreras
Well yeah.  Cabrera is a common last name.  Podsednik is not a common last name, especially in baseball.
totally thought you guys were making a joke about the fan
They were.
He's a tool!.ps. Anyone who thinks he isn't is a tool.
Nah, he was just holding his fist in the air. If the player chooses to hurl his face at it, that's his decision.
pls give me downvote too
no
No, fuck you.
I fucked Ted
Fuck you asshole!  I'll upvote you to hell!
I smoke, but never would in the dorms last year. The people in the room next to mine would smoke and all of it would go into the vents, and into my room. I ended having my room inspected because they thought I was the one stinking up the hallway everyday. Even having your room smell of weed is grounds for getting kicked out, so this is something I complained about, too. It's really about respecting other people. 
As long as you don't drive (etc.) and I can't smell it, fine. .Oddly enough, this is why I voted against legalization of marijuana. 
Is it that fucking bad to not want your HOME to smell like shit because some asshole can't be bothered to keep to his fucking self?
Why is the criminal being portrayed as the good guy here?
stressed about reposts.
Repost
lol "bad decision".bad grammar..what a fuck wad..i can see the overflowing wineglass in their fuckign handwriting
Reddiquette, under the "don't" section:
"Bad decision," wow, way to set the bar high. Now what do you call it when somebody does something actually bad?
Reddiquette, under the "don't" section:

Sweet repost cunt.
Reddiquette, under the "don't" section:
Hey man I said it was sweet.
repost
Reddiquette, under the "don't" section:
I think the joint giver is my X roommate. Didn't give a shit about smoking when asked not to (we were in a 420 unfriendly state among other reasons not to), said they would keep smoking even when a friend asked them to stop, and almost set a house on fire with one... It's too bad too, I really really liked them before this behavior reared its ugly head.
Repost
Reddiquette, under the "don't" section:
I don't feel like he's complaining as opposed to just pointing it out.
Damn wish someone gave me a free doob. I'm poor and havent been able to smoke for like 2 years
An insulting "solution" to an ignorant ent's personal drug problem. Smoking pot doesn't solve anything. It's called PROCRASTINATION. This is so fg.
I'm really not sure what that means.  Most of us don't look at weed as a solution to anything.
That is hilarious!!
Your excessive use of capital letters and slashes has no effect on me 
I posted this four months ago. This is a repost, and you hurt my feelings. 

Probably schwag
Is it me or does the handwriting on the signs look the same?
i'm with you.  and the smiley face?  almost identical. 
Let's all tell each other what to do. That always works out so well. Oh, wait..
Repost 
Identical smiley faces and nearly the same lettering.
While this is obviously fake, it's still borderline enraging..Some people have jobs where they cannot risk even the suggestion of illegal drug use and there are regular drug testings. While the chance is low of getting a positive test result due to second hand smoke from marijuana, it's not something that's impossible either..The first step is to ask your neighbor nicely to stop smoking in this manner. If they refuse, you then take a quick picture of them smoking and report them to the police.
Both of these people seem like dicks, but im not sure who is the bigger one.
Like a Boss
Reddit is being very friendly to this repost
*Whoever
Explanation: 
Thank you. I had to "CTRL+F" 'whoever' to find this. I thought grammar was supposed to be high up on the list of "unnecessarily and annoying compulsions of Redditors," but I guess not.
Most of these self-proclaimed grammar nazis are not actually . adept at grammar, and this is a tricky rule for those with just the rudimentary understanding of grammar. Most people probably think it is correct because of the "to." 
Yes, this is one of the hardest rules I've come across (comma use is, oddly, the one with which I have the most trouble). I generally just use "whoever" unless (1) I'm absolutely certain it's "whomever," and (2) I just really want to be "that guy.".But you, sir (or ma'am, I don't really know), I like the cut of your jib.
[deleted]
This is exactly what I'm talking about. You are wrong. In this particular usage, the object of the preposition is the entire clause, which frees the pronoun up to do its rightful job as the subject of that clause. 
Frankly, neither should be there.
At least the original note leaver was honest and didn't spout some bs about an allergy. .That annoys the fuuuuck out of me. My SIL doesn't like pot smoke or beef. She says she's allergic to both. Ugh. Liar. 
Bro, can confirm. I get very sick when exposed to weed, even really small amounts of second-hand weed, and in extreme cases of prolonged exposure (like some asshole in the room next to me starts smoking heavily and I don't notice in time) I have heavily coughed, vomited, and had my throat close up. Allergy combined with asthma. I think smokers who smoke around others are fucking inconsiderate assholes.
Not saying the allergy doesn't exist. I'm saying a lot of people claim to have an allergy when they don't. Like my SIL. She says she's allergic to use it as a reason to control my brother, and be dramatic in general. .I don't bother people with my smoke, I know it's annoying to non smokers and dangerous to people with allergies. I can smoke in my apartment because literally everyone on my floor smokes. (Soon I'm moving and I'm going to be the only apartment on my entire floor which makes it even better!) .I have allergies to a few different meds so I know How you feel. I just hate it when people throw the 'allergy' term around falsely because it dilutes the word for people who really do have one. Like yourself! 
I had a friend who was allergic to weed, or at least we think that's what is was, ironic thing is he was a huge pothead/dealer. He tried every single way of consuming it (smoking, dabs, oils, vaping, medicated foods, etc.) and he couldn't stop getting hives and a slight wheezing within 5 mins. He would bring a bottle of Benadryl to parties so he could smoke with everyone. Not saying your friend is allergic (she probably isn't) but pot allergies do exist.
Good lord this is so old. 
i wish people would give me random free joints like this :(
I'm having the strangest feeling of deja vu.  Like I've seen this before or something...

Good ole childish stoners. .420 yolo homie!

With this becoming a repost discussion, I am fine with reposts, but do credit the ., share the love. That lets the new redditors see it, and satiates those that already have. 
Bad decision? 
I'm allergic to something in weed. I don't know what..Every time I whiff the smoke, BAM cluster headache, longest was for a week straight. I don't know why.:(
But when my neighbor gets shit faced and screams at shit all day I just have to bear it because his drug of choice is profitable to corporations.  At least pot smokers are generally quiet & friendly.
Sharing is caring.
This was one of the first things I checked out on reddit, about 2 months ago.
Repost
REPOST!!!!!!!!!!!!!
LoL
Edit- Added source
Since when is weed a bad decision? Kill yourself, seriously.
If it's illegal... It's such a pathetically immature decision it can't be anything other.
hahaha op making the same bad decision as a majority of people how ironic is a bad decision everyone makes:P
save for minor differences the handwriting looks eerily similar in both posters
Both of these people are being silly. Though they are probably the same person anyways.
repost?
Every time I see this I think damn that's a free joint. 
the same person wrote both notes the S's and the O's are a dead give away
The S's are not even close
look at the S's in stop and stressed even the smiley faces look alike
Im no professional but... .Check out the angle of the S's .Take a look at the m's. The writer of the first sign puts a stem on hers (also on her r's and n's). The m on the bottom sign does not. (or the r) .The angle that the e's are written also tells me that they are two different people writing the signs
we'll nor am i but my own hand writing differs in that way but those S's are very similar and so are the faces but tmo
Sounds like someone needs to chill out and have a toke.
Maybe it was Louis Ck that left the message. 
This guy is a douche bag and I wouldn't feel bad if she called the cops on him. 
politely asking your neighbors to smoke elsewhere is one thing. Being a judgmental, uptight bitch about it is another
Old repost... 
I bet if the person smoking weed was smoking a tobacco cigarette instead this wouldn't be a problem.
It smells so bad x(
I don't care if people smoke as long as it's nowhere near my living quarters. Both kinds.
Repost :( 
The same person wrote both those. You can tell by looking at the way they wrote the same letters and the smiley face too.
Completely agree - especially the s's and the o's. Good eye!
handwriting expert reporting in, can confirm your suspicions
look at the back leaning slope on the "e" on the top sign. Way different than the other "e's". Also they do their "d's differently. 
****the d comparison isn't that good of one because we only have one example in the bottom note so i'll use the S's as examples because there are plenty to go around. On the top example you have S's that are either heavy on top almost looking like a 5 where the bottom examples have smaller swoops on the top curve of the S and heavy curves/swoops on the bottom. 
You didn't mention the "u". The stoner didn't bother to put the downwards line on it while the first message had it.
I disagree. Check the m's and the "re" combos.
I don't think so.  I'm no expert on handwriting, but the lower case "e", lowercase "r", the "s" and "y" all look completely different.  The smiley face is pretty similar, but it's a smiley face.
repost
Typical junkie: is there a problem caused to others because of me and my drugs? let's fix it with a joint dude...
typical ignorant citizen: referring to stoners as junkies because they know whats best for everyone even though they have no first hand experience with substances themselves

The smell of pot smoke makes me ill. .Quite literally. I have thrown up because of the strength of close-proximity weed.
I didn't find this funny the first time I saw it on reddit a few months ago.
Has anybody mentioned how pathetic that joint looks? I could roll better with my balls in a vice while getting mauled by horse-ducks.

God, this reminds me of my awful downstairs neighbours.  They would smoke pot all the time and do nothing to contain it within their apartment, so it would stink up the common hallway.  They put a bowl of potpourri in the hall at the foot of their door like that was going to do anything.  .When my landlord asked them why they had the bowl of potpourri by their door they complained about the smell in the hall and said it was the people who had cats in their apartments that weren't taking care of the kitty litter, and that's why the hall smelled.  Both me and my neighbour across the hall had cats so whenever the smell of pot was really bad my landlord would come knock on our doors to essentially sniff our apartments before determining it wasn't actually either of us..It was incredibly embarrassing to think that our landlord thought we were such pigs that the kitty litter could be smelled through our apartment and into the hall.  This happened several times, but I never felt comfortable ratting out my downstairs neighbours.  Eventually they moved out, and I never did tell my landlord the real reason for the smell.  I'm convinced she thought it was me though and now she hates me for it.
Good on ya, bud.
Bad decision? Someone has clearly never smoked pot before.
Stressed because this is posted weekly
Pot smoke gives me a headache.  Worst place I ever found myself: at a George Clinton / P-Funk show in an indoor venue.  I left there with the worst migraine ever. I wasn't mad at anyone but myself though.  I just wish they had torn the roof off the fucker.
repost
repost of a repost of a repost of a repost of some fake stupid thing that never really happened.
These are all staged. There have been way too many of these 'notes posted on doors' posts on reddit lately. #karmawhores
Repoooost.
Lame repost is lame
And the award for the repost of the year goes to.
Another repost.
if i were him i would have called the police, tried to be nice he was a dick about it
*Opens ReedsyRac20's profile.Ctrl+F trees.I was disappoint
My dorm's floor smelled like weed most of the time, must've had the campus PD on our floor like 9 times because someone complained (except that one time somebody was making some kind of drug in the dorm room and Atlanta PD showed up)
Cop 1: "It smells like weed in this hallway, what are we gonna do about it?".Cop 2: "Well, since we can't pinpoint the exact room the smell is from or get a warrant for each room and search, I guess its happy hour time!"
I'm glad that I live in the forest and can exhale where and when I want and there are no neighbors to whine about it. Hooray for me!!
Those smiley faces look awfully similar... call in the forensics, we might have a fraud on our hands here.
I was waiting to see if anyone else had noticed it too, what are the chances that two people who live next to each other make their smiley faces the EXACT same way? 
Bad haiku

then make it legal so people can eat edibles easier...... problem solved
 
Couldn't stand the "note posters" in college. Except for the time somebody was shitting in the hallway garbage cans. Classic note. 
It's amazing to me that most people are calling the person smoking an asshole. The person smoking would have . way of knowing if someone was being bothered by them .. .In this case, someone did. Only they left a completely self-righteous and unnecessary comment at the end of their request, so the person smoking responded accordingly. 
bullshit. everyone but people who smoke think it smells terrible.
That's not what my point was at all. I know smoke smells. It's smoke. What I don't know is if someone else can smell it when I'm in my room, minding my own business. 
I can't say I've ever seen someone refer to a pot smoker as a 'junkie'
Repost
Reddiquette, under the "don't" section:
Aye sir. Won't happen again.
I would just like to say that I am pissed at all the redditors on here for smoking..Can I have free weed now too?
i like how the imgur link spells 'bud ew', ignoring the numbers.

[deleted]
Yeah this can't possibly be a repost from a month ago.
Like a good neighbor statefarm is there... with a joint!?
[deleted]
OP, please check . before posting. This has been posted numerous times. 

Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
these type of stoners live next to me. like the pot reek coming in my windows is some kind of favor.
Go ask them to cut it out.  They probably don't realize that it is bothering you.
Really, just ask politely (try not to come off as overbearing or mean-spirited... they're probably high). I smoke a lot in my apartment, but if anyone ever came and complained I would stop... Unless they said something like "your bad decision", but that's a different story. .I'm certainly not trying to disturb anyone, and there's no way for me to know unless someone comes forward and lets me know. I would assume the people next to you are in somewhat of the same position. Have you talked to them about it before? If not, then they definitely have no clue their smoke is rolling into your windows. 
in want to go ask nicely, but i also hear a LOT of them yelling at each other at the top of their lungs. So i am literally afraid of them, as i assume the same rage will be directed at the neighbor who came over to make polite demands.
Anonymous note and slip it under the door at night? If you make it polite and informative, you'll get your point across (assuming this is a dorm-like scenario in which there are others that could have potentially written the note).
Just throw a note under their door if you are really afraid. If it continues, call the cops.
It is an apartment building, so yeah it could be a note from anyone on the floor if i did it that way.
I'm gonna air some dirty laundry, but I just wanna give you more confidence in slipping an anonymous note... I was in a similar situation as your neighbors, having a strong marijuana smell coming from my and my fiance's apartment. I also know we argued . during that time. Ahem, anyway, a school friend of the fiance's had hit a hard time and recently became homeless, so being poor college kids we understood the struggle and paid for his Greyhound ticket to couchsurf with us until he got a job. Suffice to say, this guy was seriously into smoking weed, and would do so all day every day, in the living room that was hardly ten feet from the front door. I personally disliked weed but didn't care if someone else personally enjoyed it, and even I eventually couldn't tell how strong the smell was after leaving the guy smoking weed on my couch and coming home to him still smoking weed on my couch month after month..Well, word gets to the "owner" about the smell, and she goes batshit. She wants us evicted, she wants a warrant with the police, she wants the FBI, CIA, the President... The landlord--the guy we signed papers with, who we interacted with when something broke, and who collected our check every month--calms her and convinces her to let him handle it. He gives us a heads up that we need to vacate the premises within so many days, but is lenient enough that he doesn't officially evict us nor mentions the reason "we" were terminanting our lease early so we weren't totally fucked in possibly finding another place to live on short notice. My fiance and I are ., and I'm in tears because I don't even partake, I've been supporting this mooch who now has us being kicked out, and it's just embarrassing as someone who never gets in trouble with any type of authority. The same night my fiance tells the friend that he needs to leave within the next hour while he and I try to figure out what we're going to do..Soooo, this terribly long story is: your neighbors, as yelly and weed smelly as they are, just might be as dumb as we were and maybe they would appreciate the heads up and chance to get their butts in gear, either being more vigilant themselves or figuratively kicking the ass of the guy making them look bad. If they're inconsiderate jerks, then they have it coming in escalating, but you'd be an absolute doll giving them the benefit of the doubt through an anonymous heads up.
Thank you for your story, puts it in a whole other light, i will definitely be slipping  them a note, for both our benefits.
Shit that sucks! What ended up happening? Did you guys find a new place all right? What happened to the fiance's school friend? 
We somehow pulled it off by the seat of our pants, considering we weren't saving for a move. We had to downgrade, but hey. As for the friend, he found someone to take him that night, but he is still in the same situation today. He talks to my now husband every few weeks, usually about how amazing or horrid his life is going--it oscillates with mania and depression that he chooses not to stay on medication for. My husband does talk candidly with him about what needs to happen for him to get out of the cycle (having been there himself), and that nothing will change until his friend addresses his issues with what he perceives as settling down and compromising his dreams.
Yiikes, at least you found somewhere, good guy landlord! Congrats on the marriage too, I hope you guys are happy!
Get a spine?
I still think it might be worth it to swing by and ask. They might yell at each other, but if they're decent enough people they'll treat a stranger / person living in the same building as them (or wherever you live!) with kindness..I'd say something like 'Hey, I live [wherever in relation to them]. I really have no problem with weed, but I personally don't smoke and some smoke from you all has been drifting into my apartment / house / whatever. Any chance you all could try to direct the smoke somewhere else?' .The key is to not come off as demanding. You don't want them to think you're an uptight asshole who thinks marijuana is the devil. If you're polite and casual about it, it gives them no reason to be anything but polite back. .If they turn out to be douchebags, I'd get in touch with the landlord or something instead of calling the coppers. But hopefully it won't get to that point.
I suppose you may be right. And yeah i do have nothing against pot.
This is something smokers often forget. I smoked a lot of weed when I was still doing it, and it got to the point where I would smell it for maybe a second before my nose got used to it. This is when someone else was smoking. If it was me, I couldn't even smell it on the first hit. But really, that shit reeks like you wouldn't believe. If you blow it out a window, don't be surprised if several houses can smell it(if it's a smelly strain, anyway). Some really smelly strains even reek when used with a vaporizer. .I used to smoke in my apartment, and I went almost a year before my upstairs neighbor informed me that she could smell it all the time. I felt like shit. 
Someone needs a mflb
MFLB's are overated, see my post . elsewhere in thread 
Muthafuckin lifeboat!
Does it really produce less or a different smell?  What sort of precautions do you take while smoking versus while vaping and how effective are they for you?
Used it during the year in college dorm and in room now. smell is very minimal and can be gotten rid of with some air freshener. also if you use a sploof then its all good. 
Ha, yes! I just smoked in my bathroom of a small two bedroom apartment (I did use a sploof) and my wife (who knows) and her mormon sister (doesn't know) have been here the whole time. No questions. It's great.
Just put a dryer sheet in a toilet paper tube, it soaks up like 97.46% of stank.
I do that but it only does so much.
then use 3 sheets.  Fuck it, get a gallon Zip lock bag and fill it with sheets, still cheaper than a vape.
use a carbon activated sploof then.
.
I've never tried it personally, but it's supposed to absorb quite a bit of the smell.
I've been using my mflb at home for months now, and it's changed everything. It's quick, easy, gets you ripped, and doesn't smell hardly at all. Once you get the tech down it's a breese, I would reccomend it to anyone.
This is an unpopular opinion, but IMO, its overrated. Its just a hand held vaporizer. Just go buy a regular vaporizer, its cheaper and more effective than an MFLB. I own one, and I'm not that impressed with it. Battery life stinks (and I've bought other kinds of batteries) and its just... not worth it for the ~$100 they want for it. Totally worth it if it was like $30.
Anything you recommend?
Just go to any smoke shop and pick up a standard box vape, they are generally around $40 or $50 bucks. They are just a small box and it comes with a hose. You plug them into the wall, and it takes ~5 min to heat up and you are good to go.
My cousin is a lawyer and he smoked (vaped?) me out . with an MFLB.  Couldn't smell anything.  
Almost no smell.Not sure about "precautions"  but the method is effective and useage is easily regulated..Check out r/mflb
I used to fill a paper towel tube with 20-30 sheets and my room still stank like weed, even though I was careful to make sure every single bit of smoke went through the tube. Sploofs just don't work, simple as that.
Vaping smells slightly less, the smell disperses much faster than smoke, and it is much easier on your lungs. .As for the high, vaping for me is less intense than smoking, but conserves the weed (makes it last longer). For example if I had a gram of weed I would get higher vaping it than smoking it, but if I had an ounce of weed I would get higher smoking it than vaping it. .In other words, if I wanted to get to a (5) with weed I would vape one gram, but to get to a (10) It would be better to smoke 7 grams than to vape 7 grams, because when you vape that much weed you just feel tired and the high wares off quickly. .This is just my experience and I don't have a very nice vape (mflb) so I can only imagine what a volcano would do. .EDIT: wording
What? You are smoking a phenomenal amount of weed in one sitting.
Someone I know vaped during class once. It was a big lecture hall with a lot of people, but still....With a fan, an open window, and a towel under the door, I've never had any problems with mine. Check out . if you have questions.
When we do it smells like burnt popcorn faintly. We do it inside all the time. No incidents. 
Using mine in my room right now and have been for the past 5 days. My parents don't care that I smoke, but I'm not allowed to do it inside. My mom asked me yesterday if I quit smoking and lat night I asked my friend if he could smell it while I was across the room using it and he said he couldn't. I had the room sealed shut also
Pot is fine and all, and I know a lot of successful pot smokers, but I found that the kids that were allowed to smoke pot by their parents werent as successful. There were a few exceptions, but it mostly was the case. I attribute it to a certain mentality of not caring by the parents, and if a parent doesnt care, they may not care about grades. And if a parent doesnt care about grades, some kids can get off track.
[deleted]
He didn't mention how old he is. If he is older than 17 or 18 then it probably doesn't make a difference. If he is 15 and his parents don't care if he smokes that's probably a different story.
Did you just close the door or put a towel and all that jazz?  Do you recommend it over other vapes?
I used to hit my mflb with my door open and nobody smelled a thing. Shit, my friend and I used to use it during movies in theaters. If it smells like anything, then it's a slight hint of burnt popcorn. The only smell of weed is the actual weed inside of it but as long as you keep it closed, it's very minimal.
I have one. what are your questions?
I've got one too. I only use mine on vacation though. It's prefect! If you're only going to smoke at home, I'd recommend a different vape. 
What are your recommendations for home use?
I'd listen to Funt_Clap. I'm only knowledgeable with the mflb; it's the only vape I've ever used. I hear the volcano is awesome, but I don't have that kind of money. But still, the mflb kicks ass. It's relatively cheap, and extremely quick and easy to use. Also, it's a much different high for me. 
you should post on . if you would like more advice from different people and their respective perspectives.
I thought that place was bought off by MFLB?  I was hoping to get impartial advice.
 
Read this as."jizz towel" and got confused.
No I just had the door shut. This is the only vape I've ever owned so
Wow that's crazy.  Here I am plugging towels, closing doors, sealing cracks with towels, using a noobtube, blowing out the window, and cooking food to cover it all up.
Everyone is telling you it's odorless but coming from an MFLB owner, there still is some smell, just not one you would normally associate with weed. Also it dissipates extremely quickly.
How does it compare to competitors?
well I haven't tried it's competitors. Don't need to. 
I read 21, but its along the same lines. If the brain is still developing it can cause serious harm. 
The best portable one, uses trees as well..(Obviously to preference)
I have a pax, and I love it for the most part but man does the lube issue piss me off. I bought it when it was new enough that it wasn't really a known issue and it really feels like false advertising. Yes, they will send a handful of free packets to those who bought one before they started including them (or selling them at all in my case), but when you bought it without the mention of any maintenance requirements other than pipe cleaners and ISO alcohol (both insanely cheap), being surprised with having to use a packet at $1/pop every 5-10 chamber fills is pretty shitty..I don't smoke enough for it to be a huge cost, but the per use cost on that shit is fucking insane for being one of the more expensive models out there. They need to sell bottles of it (like they do of every other kind of lube) at pennies per use (also like every other kind of lube).
You can always use other lubricants.  You don't have to buy straight from pax..Hell I use KY Jelly.  Its not like i'm shoving the bottle up my gf's asshole, its safe to put a drop on a q-tip and lube it up that way.  The small bottle costs like $15 maybe and if all you use it for is your pax, I doubt you'd ever need to purchase any ever again.
This is what the lubricant is made out of..Get a big thing of it.
[deleted]
I guess, maybe because I have an alternative, I've never really seen this as a problem.  I hear where you're coming from though.  Hope things work out for ya.  
"To whomever the idiot is who...."  .Makes my skin crawl..Edit: To be clear, I never said it was improper grammar.  I said this kind of language usage makes my skin crawl.  It's pretentious and redundant (they could just as easily have said "To the idiot who" or "To whichever idiot").
No kidding. What a bitch. I feel like people like this go around saying, "I don't know WHY they had such an attitude with me!"
[deleted]

Are we sure about this? To me it seems like "whoever" would be usable. I know the objective case (whomever) is typically used behind prepositions, but it seems to me that the object in this sense is the clause "whomever the idiot is" and not the actual word whomever. If that is the case, would one not use the subjective case (whoever) because "is" is a linking verb? The prepositional phrase structure here is "to .", but within the object is a clause, which, I believe, should be "whoever the idiot is." A good rule of thumb when dealing with linking verbs is that the clause or sentence should still read sensibly if reordered. For example, "whoever the idiot is" could be reordered as "whoever is the idiot" or "the idiot is whoever," while "whomever is the idiot" cannot.

"Whoever" is actually the only grammatically correct option. The use of "whoever/whomever" is decided by whether the word is the subject or object of the . clause, not the main sentence.
Right on. Subordinate clause is the exact term I was looking for.
Pretentious enough to use whom, but not educated enough to know that whom is only used as the direct object of a sentence, not the subject. 
But...it's not used as a subject. It's dative as part of an indirect question.
Hahah, if we're gonna be following rules like that, then it's worth pointing out that "whom" is used as an object of anysort, including an object of the preposition.
This is true, but I believe that the word in question is part of a clause (whomever/whoever the idiot is) that is the prepositional object. In such a case, the subjective (whoever) is used because "whoever the idiot is" has a linking verb in it. That means "whoever" is actually either the subject of the clause "whoever is the idiot" or the predicate nominative of the clause "the idiot is whoever." In rageasaur's comment the prepositional phrase is simply "for whom." Since there is no clause within the prepositional phrase, whom is the correct word.
Just a heads-up:. is actually a coupla verb, rather than a linking verb..I still think, in this case, that . is acting as a prepositional objectactually, I think it'd be better called a dative object, which is generally considered an oblique noun case (read: not in subjective).
I believe those terms are synonymous. Copula verb is simply a more formal name, and linking verb is the term frequently used in elementary education. Thanks for that comment, though. I had actually never heard them referred to as copula verbs before. 
True, as in For Whom the Bell Tolls. Honestly, I always just over simplify, and limit its use to direct objects, because I have a much easier time identifying them without thinking.  
I have a good mind to call the cops on this prick, as soon as I finish this joint
I'd be phoning the cops stoned as shit. 
"Hello, police? I'm calling to report a scent of marijuana coming from this blunt...yes, I'll hold..."
"Of course I'll hold, this here blunt! huehuehue."
That stoner in that situation is a dumb ass. All the other person had to do was report the smell/say they saw Pot up there or something and the stoner would be fucked. Now he's leaving a joint in the public? That's a new breed of stupid..EDIT: If people are sharing vents, it's probably an apartment, land lord wouldn't like you smoking pot on his property, could lose your lease. 
Fuck that, ask them to stop like a normal human being.
I think you may be overestimating how much landlords care about anything their tenants say.  Or maybe I just live in a dump.
You seem stressed. Here's some gold :)
Medical marijuana.
extremely doubtful, and still rude.
Or dormitory 
I think you live in a dump.
Aren't you just a peach.
You suggested it. 

I would assume dorm
then the RA would really care since most of them are hard asses.
Some of that is trickle-down from the school.  I know at Penn State Altoona, if another RA finds a kid drunk in your hall, you can get kicked out of the RA program for knowing about it (supposed to know about it?) but not taking action..There is a 'trial' for plausibility, like if the other guy was roaming the hall and you were asleep or something, but if it gets to that point, you're already in deep shit.
Furthermore, it's a waste of weed.  Neighbors obviously aren't interested in smoking marijuana, so why bother..Which leads me to believe the picture (at least the joint part) is probably just staged anyway.
it's in ., it's obviously staged.

So is making passive aggressive notes, judging other people's choices in life and ignoring the obvious possibility it's medical.
I agree, medical marijuana is a lot more prevalent than people think. 
Agreed, but it wouldn't be stored in his vent.
That's true. They're both assholes anyway. Why can't you slip a note under a door or something, just don't leave some rude note talking about how I'm making bad decisions and such. And the smoker should stop being a douche and either smoke outside, or get a vape. Simple as that's 
I doubt he would store medical marijuana in his vent, that's retarded.
Who stores any weed in a vent, that's retarded.
Vents move air around a building, who is dumb enough to think that'd be a good place to store weed.
That's my entire point. I'm not judging him for smoking, I don't give a shit, I'm judging him for putting it in a vent like a moron. I have no idea why you would think I'm attacking people for smoking.
Because no on puts weed in a vent. The note was written by someone who has no idea what they are talking about and was obviously smelling weed smoke not weed being stored in a vent.

hearsay is not probable cause. 
Its not hearsay if that is an actual joint filled with pot
yeah well that is the truth. 
Oh god, please study more. 
hearsay isn't probable cause If I call the police and tell them that you are smoking pot that DOESN'T give them the right to search your home. That phone call doesn't give them enough evidence to get a warrant.  I like how you want to sound like you know what you are talking about .. I just wish you really did. 
Cool story. When they arrive and smell pot, that's probable cause. Get back to your studying and work on the personality a bit. Nobody hires people like you. .PS:.Fucking dunce. 
this is only pursuant to the automobile exception to the warrant requirement. IT HAS NO BASE IN A HOME SEARCH. :)
Actually . is right, smelling it is probable cause. I really love when stoner's think they're paralegals when it comes to drug laws. 
it depends on the state friend. 

It's not hearsay if you can smell it

no when they call the police and say they smell it THAT would be hearsay. 
Judges can use hearsay to determine probable cause. Also, every single trial court in the US would admit that statement because it is offered to show the "effect on listener." The cop went to the door because he had a call saying there was a marijuana smell. The statement is admissible to demonstrate why the officer arrived on the scene. .Throwing around some legal vocabulary doesn't mean you have the slightest clue what you are talking about. Just stop. 
judges do have a lot of power when it comes to warrants but any judge worth his salt would laugh at a phoned in marijuana complaint. 
I meant if the police came and smelled it
That's called 'probable cause'.
 although I am not positive if that works for houses as well since this case was in a car.
which isn't hearsay. Exactly my point
That's only because it isn't actually a crime. It is a civil offense. 
then it depends on the state. here in ohio smell is not probable cause 
State v. Moore (2000), 90 Ohio St. 3d 47 -- Syllabus: "The smell of marijuana, alone, by a person qualified to recognize the odor, is sufficient to establish probable cause to conduct a search."
this is only pursuant to the automobile exception to the warrant 
requirement. IT HAS NO BASE IN A HOME SEARCH. :) 
You mean "basis." Cite a case or just go back to toking up and talking about Xbox. You're tiresome. 
it's the same case buddy DID YOU READ IT?.third page first paragraph. 

Hearsay is a rule of evidence that's only applicable at trial.  Judges use hearsay all the time in deciding if there's pc to issue a warrant.
Few places will go through the trouble of getting a warrant for minor weed smoking
Not to mention, it isn't hearsay unless it is offered for the truth of the matter asserted. No prosecutor worth their salt would offer it to prove someone had marijuana, they would offer it to show why the police officer arrived. That is "effect on listener" and not hearsay. It doesn't matter if the report was true, it is getting in at trial because they wouldn't offer it because it is true. 
Smellsay?
It's fake. 
It is not, that is definitely a real joint. I know because I took a D.A.R.E. class in middle school.
Good ol' Nancy Reagan showed us all how to spot drugs from a distance. 
 in the awkwardest moment since David Bowie sang that duet with Bing Crosby.
Your going to have a hard time getting cops to come investigate a college living area with just a little weed smell. 
but he saw Pot!
I can attest first-hand that no, you are not going to have a hard time at all.  One phone call, even for something non-concrete, like just a smell..And you can have as many as 3 cops show up very quickly.
Nope. Not at all and I'm making a point here so no one pays more attention to this comment than needed. .Cops will absolutely come when called and absolutely arrest you on charges that will go through when you're in court..If the cops smell it, it's over. They will mark it down as "Beyond a reasonable doubt granted by my training in detecting marijuana and related paraphernalia with the BlahBlah Police Department."
Learn from my mistakes..I don't know how you think cops get raises but they love nothing more than to make successful arrests. Let me put it that way..also, you're* - sorry
Why wouldnt they. Its too easy and poses no danger
I wish I could downvote this more.
LoL, funny that you say that. I have a childhood friend(where still friends almost 25 years later). Me and him would go to the park right after school and smoke a joint or two almost everyday. He would always talk about wanting to become a cop because "I could do all the shit I want". I wouldn't really listen to him and I'd just sit there smoking my weed but he actually became one 3 years ago and he tells me that allot (the majority) of the cops there actually smoke weed to(not during work of course). He also told me how he found some people (16-20) smoking some pot near a McDonald's and you know what he did??? He told them they can smoke it somewhere else but not near the McDonald's. So don't say try saying "Oh if you smoke weed your going to jail" because the truth is your not. Oh and weed wont mess up your life like some people told us. He became a cop and I'm a Designing Engineer (for the people that don't know what that is) I HELP design cars for ford.
That's all awesome but I think most/if not all people agree that it's a huge risk and what you're talking about is an exceptional situation that ONLY YOU CAN RELATE TO AND TRUST..what you're doing is giving out baseless and uninformed advice. That wouldn't be a problem if the risk wasn't so massive like I mentioned. I have military friends up the wazoo who smoke and do things like this but I'm still not a presumptuous moron walking around saying no authority is going to give a shit. Your friend is a bad cop if he's doing that because no matter my feelings or your feelings on weed, it's illegal..Honestly, I have enough faith in people to know almost everyone who reads your comment knows better than you do. .Derpderpderp/I'm a web designer and medical programmer who smokes/blahblahblah.None of that means shit if you get arrested because you made a stupid call. I love MJ but I'm not going to be an idiot..And reference for those who don't relate or don't agree: I'm in Baltimore. So are other people and they will understand completely. There are cops that do not waste time making you regret your candid nature. Your advice sucks.
I think you're taking your anecdotal experiences and assuming that they not only are accurate for the entire world, but that they invalidate OTHER PEOPLE'S anecdotal experiences.  
I am going to have to disagree with the level of paranoia going on. Yes getting caught is terrible and totally possible when smoking in public.  This being said my friend's and I go out and just smoke hand held vaporizers in public (beach, bars, clubs etc) all of the time with no trouble at all.  I have lived in college towns where countless other people engaged in similar activity.  Also in my profession in Fashion and Media almost everyone I meet is willing to partake in private-semi open locations.  It is still illegal so obviously certain precautions should be taken.
Jesus how did this god damn thread go this far and NEITHER of you have quoted facts, Only shit you've experianced.., Anyone who says different is full of .. .I got caught with a half oz of Kush, I was detained, released, came back for court, Fined and Released. I spent a LOT of time talking with my Lawyer about the laws of pot. There is NO states who arrest and put potheads in jail for anything below an ounce. Anything above an Oz is intent to sell. You can smoke all the weed you want(and not go to jail, you will be fined) as long as you never have MORE THEN AN OZ.You both gave nothing but Baseless and uninformed advice..Also most Cops I've met would refuse to go somewhere because of the smell of burning Marijuana. It has to be a crop/Grow house that stinks in order for Cops to give a rats ass.
No one said jail and since you capitalized that and took things out of context, I stopped there. .You're right about the oz thing. Doesn't mean there aren't ramifications that can change your life until things are expunged. A lot of teenagers come on here and that would be all it took to make life a LOT harder for them than it needs to be..Your reactions to things I didn't comment on are irrelevant. 
You stopped reading at jail but you read the whole thing?
You're irrelevant.
At the sentence, yeah. Not the word. I read the all caps. I'll at least choose a full sentence to reply to if I'm going to decidedly be ignorant to the rest. 
that's neat
I think it really depends on where you are.  In large east coast cities like D.C., Philly and NYC pot is decriminalized.  Bigger fish to fry and such
Pot is legal in D.C.?!
I guess it really depends on where you live, because that hasn't been my experience ..  Nice neighbors come and say something or leave a note, and nice smokers stop then or change their habits so they aren't irritating anyone.  After that neighbors can call the landlord, who after receiving multiple complaints might leave a letter to the apartment stating that they've received complaints, giving basically a warning.  After that if the landlord receives even more complaints they might call the police, but who knows if they'll bother to come.  If they do come, in most places I've lived, they'll just give a warning, although they might issue a misdemeanor ticket or a citation.  Citations never end up in court, they're like a parking ticket, you just pay a fine..Unless you live in Nebraska or some other totalitarian state, not much will be done.
I came on here to post exactly this. Saves me the trouble, can pack this bowl that much faster!
Then I'm wrong in some places. I've lived in California, Oregon, Hawaii, Washington and obviously most recently and now, Maryland. In all of these places, my family of successful potheads have made it clear we always need to be careful. I, independent from that advice, have seen what happens. .Times are changing and my arrests were 2 or so years ago. .Also, in my experience... the cops always at LEAST show up if dispatch sent them. .If I was stern or melodramatic, I'm sorry. But I'll leave with this advice that I know I'll never have reason to take back:.Better safe than sorry.
Its tough to generalize all of california. if youre in the bay area, most likely no cops show up unless theres threat of violence. In san diego, however, its much more conservative/police are more on the lookout for pot. .Here in the bay area, ive been in a car, smoking a blunt, a cop pulls us over for a broken tail light, we hastily try and hide the smell, no luck, cop walks up and says "yall some weed smoking kids!" Proceeds to write us a ticket for the tailight, stomp out our sacks, and move along
Wicked! I wish I could believe it would always work this way!
Yeah the moment went so quickly from "oh shit oh shit oh shit" to a moment of hilarity
I was in HI once before I started toking. This is the only time a cop had been less than a cop on duty:.Buddy was driving and smoking a j. Being a cocky little shit he didn't even put it out. Cop takes it from his mouth, hits it once and breathes out with obvious comfortability. Then stomps it out and tells us to enjoy our evening. This was in Kihei, Maui..TL;DR Cop smoked my friends j and put it out before letting us go. 
Half of those places you mentioned have now legalized marijuana, so police wouldn't do ..  .What happened?
Why? Are they gonna fingerprint the joint?
No, but any raised suspicion about weed smell doesn't bode well for those who spread the smell.
No, but if the person in the room accuses someone, and they have the joint as proof, it will be easier for the person to back up the claim.
But no easier to find the culprit. One joint doesnt give police the right to search every apartment/room/whatever the housing situation is.. .Unless they got a warrant from a judge, but that seems highly unlikely for trivial smoking
Except they don't know who did it.   So the joint is proof that . in the building is a smoker.
The person could lose their lease.
Yes, but if the person complains to a landlord about a specific person and has the joint as proof, chances are higher that the landlord will take it more seriously.

awww I replied to the wrong guy, I liked your comment
I'm sure cops can figure out where it's coming from if they are called. Just follow the smell.

Well just incase we should burn it
burn the evidence!
Good god this is posted every fucking week
First time I've seen it, so it gets an upvote
Well I have never seen it.

Can someone explain this to me? .Is that his actual voice? .Because I watched the entire video interview and it geeked the piss out of me, and I want to know if it is possible someone could have a voice that hilarious. .I feel like he has a condition and I am an asshole... 
I think he just sounds that 
He is a goofy guy and people like to say he's weird (he's from Russia and has a pretty thick accent) but he is poking fun at a reporter in that clip.
Would you say it pissed the geek out of you?
He's a NHL Goalie, he speaks normally but with a heavy russian accent
twice today
I'm lurking the front page a lot, I have to say this is the first time i've seen it. Don't like it, downvote and move along. Nothing is more annoying than people who come to the comments to complain about a repost. It's there because enough people didn't see it the first few times hence why it's been upvoted. 
I think its funny actually, they spend more time in here complaining about reposts than they would just downvoting and moving on. Its like people who post comments on people's videos about how they don't like them. They don't give a shit that you don't like them, they just know by coming to comment you're giving them views.
you didnt see the guy who lost 2.8k karma from a repost did you?  happened just last night.

Shhhh. People don't like common sense around these parts. 
You Seem Stressed :)

</////////////////////>
Wow, that guy seems like a selfish prick.
Unless that joint is real, in which case he would just be a prick.
I mean people some people are just told pot is literally Hitler their whole lives, they are just misinformed. 
it's about the smell
This. The smell is the primary reason I hope it doesn't become legal. It's obnoxious. 
it permeates everything and that smell won't go away.  Probably my least favorite smell

Don't externalize your decisions onto me. Those are words to live by. 
That is totally girl writing.
He gave her his pot. Thats not selfish and sure isnt a prick, shit my friends dont even do that for me.
EDIT: .DISCLAIMER: 
Wait.... is the pot head the prick? Im so confused....
Absolutely. We had a neighbor once who smoked indoors; my roommate had serious allergies and asthma, and he was kinda understanding but also a dick about it..He basically said "I don't wanna make her miserable but I don't want MY RIGHTS to be stepped on." What is it with smoking and being so fucking obnoxious about it. I may as well raise incredible stinky plants and pretend like it's not big deal, or boil peanuts with an allergic neighbor and act butthurt if they were concerned. Do whatever the fuck you want, but respect the people around you and don't be a cunt. Also, smoking needs to go vape style already on a large scale. It'd be a marketing goldmine of "safer" and it's better than smoke proper at least.
Vaping is cool and all, but I guess I'm the only stoner who really, really prefers legit smoking. But I can only do it outside becaise I hate lingering smoke. Your neighbor was a dick, and stopping him from doing something illegal is by no means infringing his rights.
Well, he is a pothead after all.
Yeah, all stoners are so fucking stupid. I've never met a good one. .Same thing with people who smoke cigarets or drink alcohol, fucking pigs..See how much of a dumb cunt you are yet?.Go eat a big bag of dicks, bro.
Another one: you rage at me, and then you call me "bro".  You're the second worthless pothead who's done that today, proving once again that there's no stupid like pothead stupid.  .I am not your bro.  You're a pathetic pothead.  
Heh, you simple people are so easy to emotionally manipulate. .I read that thread before replying, bro. .Did you really think that "bro" was serious? Naw, just did it a rustle your 2-didget IQ jimmies. 
Fuck you bro. 
And why do potheads say "bro" all the time?  I'm not your bro.

What if I told you that smoking pot doesn't make you identical to another smoker?
They all seem to think I'm their bro, though.  
That's a generation thing numb-nuts, not a pot smoking thing. 
i love weed but i hate the fucking stereotypical . stoners who make weed girly and hippyish

Ya, a lot of people . the smell of weed
Some people have allergies or repiratory problems..Maybe there are small children in that apartment, and the neighbor would prefer that they not inhale an intoxicant..Maybe the neighbors are recovering addicts of some sort, and it's simply better for them to minimize their exposure to an intoxicant..Whatever you choose to ingest, it is the height of inconsiderate behavior to force others to ingest with you. It's not like eating 10 pounds of chocolate chip cookies, in which case nobody else suffers from secondhand obesity.
edit: Glad to see people around here approve of others judging people without knowing them!.Honestly, I would have to disagree. If this is actually real, the person smoking would have no way to know that other people are being bothered unless they come forward. That's not being selfish or being a prick. He's doing something he enjoys and simply doesn't realize he's disturbing others. .In this case, someone did come forward. If it were me, I would've had no problem apologizing and I would've made every attempt to not disturb them any more. But that self-righteous comment at the end is just too much. .Completely unnecessary. Moreover, if someone is going to blatantly judge the decisions I make and post it on a wall in a passive-aggressive manner, I'm certainly not going to apologize or even attempt to stop whatever it was I was doing that was bothering them. They're being an asshole about something I didn't realize I was doing in the first place.
Well, to be fair most buildings are strictly no-smoking inside. So the smoker is in the wrong..If you live in an apartment and smoke either cigarettes or weed, I can pretty much guarantee you are bothering somebody, even if they aren't knocking on your door to complain directly. 
All of this is still assuming the original offender was the one who put the joint there.

Not really. People should be cognizant of where they are smoking so as not to disturb others.
As long as you have the same attitude towards all kind of smoking..Storing it in the vents is rather dumb though, smoked butts smell awfully much, and putting it in the vent will just circulate that smell.
I'm pretty sure he was talking about the guy that said 'you seem stressed'.
I know right? I live in Colorado and this is getting ridiculous. I live in an apartment and every time I walk down the hall to my apartment, it ALWAYS smells like .. I am so tired of smelling my neighbors' garlic or onion heavy meals. Jesus Christ, people, get a fucking oven fan or something. What about us carnivores who swore off veggies forever, you insensitive fucks?.Seriously, have some respect for me, your neighbor. I make sure to always turn the fan on when I have a particularly smelly BM, can't they do something about their incredibly foul weed-smells? It's making me think there are skunks infesting my neighborhood.
good word usage
I feel the same way about drinkers!
Exactly.  Even if it was legal it would be very rude to smoke in a way that irritates your neighbors.
[deleted]
I dont think he was being rude, she did start with calling the person an idiot who makes bad decisions so I feel like the response was warranted
Legalizing it would be great, but is doing something for the sole reason of "because I like it" really worth going to jail? Sounds like a bad decision to me.


Response wasn't even mildly close to being rude.  She does seem stressed. 
Don't break the law?
Anybody got a serious suggestion?
[deleted]
....:/
[deleted]
If they are not breaking the law they can smoke outside, which would make this whole discussion pointless as the person would just be a douche.
[deleted]
Fuck if I know. You were the one saying he might be doing it because it could be illegal, not me. All I'm saying is if it is illegal maybe don't do it at all. I'm all for legalization but I find it pretty stupid to risk going to jail over such a trivial thing.


He gave him free weed. That right there could be 10-15 bucks. 20 for the FINE stuff.
It's actually filled with cat poop.
Or salvia divinorum. 
Which would be... you know... ..
Or, you know, you could wait until you get home to smoke. It's not like it's addictive and you need a nicotine fix like cigarette smokers, right .?
You don't have to be addicted hopelessly to something to justify doing it when you feel like doing it because you live in a 'free' country. .This argument doesn't work with things like "real" drugs or homicide laws because those things generally(always) do cause harm. .Imagine your favorite food becoming illegal because it's putting other foods out of business. Why should you have to stop enjoying it? .That being said, respect your neighbors and don't be stupid. Weed isn't wrong but it's illegal. Which sucks but until that changes, be smart about it.
Yes, I assumed that this was a picture of an office building when I wrote that, so my "wait until you get home" comment was meant to imply waiting only several hours. At this point that comment has dug itself enough of a hole I'd decided to wipe my hands of it and move on. 
Haha, no problems man. Either way. No one wants to wait for something that they don't see a problem with doing right now! As long as you're not harming anyone else, pft. .It's a part of why this free country has a couple steps to go before it calls itself 'free'..I'm sure there are those here on Reddit who would testify to pot making it easier to be at the office building instead of home, anyways. That's the point..Well no. The point is still that it's illegal. Sorry. I'm obviously biased.
seems like a dorm room to me. Where smokers are not even allowed to smoke in the privacy of their own home. Being a freshman is shitty, you don't have any rights
Weed is great, but you DON'T have a right to smoke it in your dorm.
As a college freshman, where does one safely smoke then? Especially during that first week, it can oftentimes be scarier going in a foreign public environment. I'm not saying in the dorm is the safest, but if you do it right, it can be done no problem
Simple. Unless you live in Colorado or Washington, you don't. It isn't legal. No place has to offer any haven for you to do it. I'm almost 26 and I have my own place so I do it where I want. I don't advocate smoking it just like I don't advocate underage drinking. It's still illegal. You are living under someone else's roof and you have to obey their rules. You don't have a "right" to smoke weed recreationally in your dorm or anywhere that isn't CO or WA.
agree to disagree, I suppose
No. I am saying that I don't give a shit what your reasons are and it is still illegal. No one has to offer you any place to do it.

Am I the only person still sploofing?  I smoked indoors through all of college and living in a rental and never had a problem with smells.
This is why God invented windows, fans, cardboard tubes and fabric softener sheets - to aid the covert cannabis consumers.
Edit: Nevermind, think I misread your post
You are not alone.  I used to use it often when I had roommates, but now I just use it on vacation in hotel rooms. Fuck roommates! 
fan at the window facing out + another open window = ventilation 
No, you're not..I had a friend in school who smoked a ton. I'd smoke with him on occasion, and we would always go in his bathroom and block that room with a towel and block the front door (which was quite a ways from the bathroom) with a towel and usually use a spoof and he still pissed off a neighbor..He invested in a vaporizer after that, which is really your best choice for many reasons if you can afford one.
Vaporized weed smells like funky popcorn to me. Maybe it's the crappy Vapor Bros. unit I have.
Nope, that's pretty normal. I have a vape (MFLB) and prefer to smoke when possible.
I smoke WAY less than I used to.  I would recommend investing in a good vape, the MFLB is not that great in my opinion.  However, it is the best at that price range..I've owned the Vapor Genie, ioLite, MFLB, and  ..  I've also tried generic box vapes and the volcano..I highly recommend the Inhalator.  It has a much bigger bowl pack than any of the portable vapes i've owned.  It's rechargeable with a micro-usb cable (yes, the usb cable that most smartphones ship with) and lasts for multiple bowl loads.  Its really easy to use, most portable vapes have a learning curve.  No, it doesn't get me quite as stoned as a Volcano, but its cheaper and portable..There is also a new version called the Inhalater XP coming out soon.  It might even already be shippping, not sure though.
Honestly to most of my friends (and I), the smell of herb is more than that of the vapor. Also having a window and fan helps immensely too.
Agreed.  Smokers may think it's the best smell in the world but for non-smokers it's rather unpleasant.
I disagree with the first part of that; I've smoked both cannabis and tobacco and while I enjoy the oral inhalation of smoke I can't remember a time where I've ever really enjoyed smelling second-hand smoke. Fortunately cannabis odor is a little more tolerable and sometimes even more pleasant than cigarette tobacco, but it's still pretty obnoxious when you constantly have to smell it..That said, the disgruntled neighbor sounds kinda like a cunt, mostly for calling it a bad decision and then ending with a passive-aggressive smiley face. She strikes me as the type of person that actually believes those billboards that sensationalize marijuana into being the type of substance that puts people out on the streets, which is utterly ridiculous...
I think it's fake, the smiley faces on both notes look very similarly scrawled.
Who cares what she thinks about smoking weed? She's right about the fact that you shouldn't be fucking storing it in HVAC ducts in a shared facility. The cuntiness of the individual doing that far outweighs the cuntiness of a note asking them not to.
I doubt anyone's storing it in ducts. Notice she used a slash to say "and/or" because she likely wasn't sure. It's probably just the smell of them smoking it, and her, knowing nothing about it, assumed that it was either that or something as ridiculous as people keeping weed in a vent. I mean, come on, who the fuck stores weed in vents?
My gf likes the smell of cigarettes but hates the smell of weed. This I do not get. 
same here. cigarettes remind me of my childhood. weed reminds me of piss.
nicotine is addictive.... weed is not....Basically you have been around cigs enough that your body likes the nicotine you are getting from secondhand smoke. Whereas for weed your arent getting this effect.
It is also entirely possible for people to just enjoy the smell of cigarettes. When I was a kid I was almost never exposed to cigarette smoke but the few times I did smell it I liked it.
It isn't physically additive, but it certainly can be highly psychologically addictive for some.
Weed is thought to be mentally addictive. Who knows though?
This is not physiologically plausible.  Due to how dispersion of gasses works (and due to how fast nicotine is metabolized), exposure to nicotine from second-hand smoke is well below an active dose (though accumulated carcinogens can make a difference).
it smells like body odor and fat person sex
I can't say I've ever smelled Eu Du Cannibas that resembled that combo...but that cracked me up
"Eu Du Cannibass"
It actually smells exactly like a skunk.
So...amazing?
I think you were smelling fat people, not weed. 
I actually like the smell of fresh lit cigarettes.  I just don't like the stale smoke smell after it's been lingering for a while.
I like the smell of tobacco, but once that gets lit, I'm out.
I enjoy the smell of buds, but the smell of the smoke when it is combusted is unpleasant and strong..I used to smoke a lot, but grew out of it I guess.
While I do still accept a hit when I'm with friends and the mood is right I will no matter the occasion bury my face in to a bag and smell like its the last breath I'll take..If I could pick to the smell over the high I would 10x over
Yeah if I'm out around the fire or sometimes golfing I'll have a puff too, but I really just don't enjoy the feeling of being stoned anymore. It makes me feel impaired, and my thoughts get foggier than I like..I remember fainting or "greening out" when I was 18 or so, and that's about when I started to quit. Not suddenly like I was afraid of it or something, just it started losing it's appeal. Eventually it just wasn't something I wanted to do, and I moved a couple times, then all of a sudden, I hadn't smoked in a year. .But I will still always love the smell of fresh buds, and I will always enjoy growing (if I ever get around to starting a crop again). Trimming time is a pain to some people, but I used to love it.
Now that its legal, repping WA, I'd be down to grow. The high is still enjoyable, but as you said to greenout.. No that's not. Lucky my friends are chill about not giving me shit smoking just a little or non at all..On a side note just got back into golf after parents forced me and I hated it, do you like golfing high? Are you better? Focused oh the form or the high? Haha I'm pretty entreeged actually?
Honestly I'm a shit golfer, and I don't think being high makes any difference in my game. It's just being out in the woods that makes me not mind smoking. It kinda reminds me of being younger and growing up in the middle of nowhere, so I don't mind smoking and getting silly.
This new girl I have been seeing lists it as one of her favorite smells but doesn't smoke. I know she is the exception and not the rule, but yeah, mildly interesting...
I don't smoke cigarettes but I sorta like the smell. Am I a minority? I like to be a minority.

Does her dad smoke?
I don't know. She'll be here in a little bit so I can ask.
Her best guess is because her brother smokes quite a bit. Other than that she doesn't have a clue why. She adds that somedays (or some weed) she doesn't enjoy.
i completely agree ! pot is the greatest smell ! smoke (of any kind) destroys my lungs so i can't partake (it's good to have hippie friends that like to bake)   :)
Use a vape.
Intentional rhyming?
actually, it wasn't. I had to go back and read it to see what you were talking about
Right on, she might be into that. I should bake or cook her something, much different high IMO.
Smoke of any kinds destroys everyone's lungs
I take one hit and the rest of the night and following day it feels like someone is raking my lungs with a cheese grater 
?  That is entirely inaccurate.  It might . the smoker's lungs, but . lungs is a silly, hyperbolic statement that detracts from meaningful conversation.
Well there isn't much research to indicate long term damage from marijuana smoke on the lungs. Tobacco smoke is harmful due to its solubility in the moisture of the lungs creating tar build up which eventually mutates the lungs into cancer.
Unless its rejuvenating lung capacity and lung health while you're inhaling, its doing more harm than help, no matter how minuscule

I'm fairly certain that setting pot on fire will create harmful chemicals, even if it doesn't make tar..I don't think inhaling . kind of smoke is good for ones health.

Maybe she had a pet skunk as a kid.
Or a parent that smokes.
Doesnt actually smell like skunk you know....
Yeah, it does, have you ever smelled a skunk?
Maybe youve unfortunately had your weed plant sprayed by a skunk. Skunk weed is named so because it does have a strong smell but not because it literally smells like a skunk.
I don't smoke it, but whenever people around me smoke it smells distinctively like skunk to me.
Best possible reason yet. :)
Maybe she was a pet skunk as a kid
Maybe she pet a skunk as a kid.
I agree, that's what I was talking about. 
GaGeAsSeBrKrRbSr
You seem stressed :)
Oh! I thought you meant the person who wrote the note. Carry on, then.
Both of them wrote notes.
I have you tagged as "where isn't this guy?" 
Every time you pop up I laugh. 
Alright, I've had enough. How the fuck do you "tag" someone? I have RES, but I don't want to add you as a friend and I haven't ever seen an explanation. .My next vendetta is those god damn blacked out comments.
The person who wrote the note wrote very femininely. 
It was clearly a woman who wrote that though 
Are women not people?
Not if I have anything to do with it...
You're kidding right?.Talking about a man/the pothead..Thought he was refering to the person who left the inital note..Realizes they were both talking about the guy that left the joint attatched to his note..Nowhere does anything like that get implied. 
I realized/re-read the "Wow, that 'guy' seems like a selfish prick," right after I posted. Thought I deleted my above comment-- guess I didn't delete it. 
Way to be reasonable and make me feel like a dick...
I too agree with you, however, someone needs to point out the writer of the original message is being a judgmental ass in the wording that they chose.
Pot/kettle?
wrong decision is referring to a moral quandary where they are saying it is an improper decision to smoke marijuana without any knowledge to back up why or whom is in possession or smoking the marijuana. My statement is calling someone a name in a matter of my opinion..For example if I was to say you are a horrible person for saying such stupid things it would be judgmental. However, if I just refer to you as stupid, it is in fact just me asserting my opinion.
And my statement was a play on words: pot is a colloquialism for marijuana. 
Not everyone know a whole lot about pot, just that it's illegal and the government says it's bad for you. On the surface, smoking pot does sound like a bad idea. 
Why are you being downvoted? 
obviously the smoker should be more conscientious about where he/she is smoking, but the person who wrote the note is in college. Id hope they would be open minded enough to not prejudge things they have absolutely zero interaction with or knowledge of
How on earth do you know they have zero interaction with or knowledge of it? Talk about prejudging.
Why would you hope that? For all you know this is some sheltered little Christian girl who only knows what she's been told. It's illegal, and a lot of people don't feel that they need to know more than that. And why should they? Until it's legalized, the people who don't know anything about it have no incentive to learn or care. It doesn't matter what age they are. .If the person is smoking inside, he's being a dick. Not unconscientious, just a dick. I smoke inside, but I have a house. If you live in an apartment, you don't get the luxury of smoking something illegal, even something harmless like pot, indoors. If you want to smoke inside, then don't live in a shared building. I realize that that is not an option for everyone, but thems the breaks.
You ask why I hope for someone to look at all the facts before making a judgment on something? Yes, I do hope that. .I hope that for the exact reason you described. I would prefer to live in a country that isn't full of sheltered clones who only listen to what the "experts" tell them and don't bother with figuring things out for themselves. If she doesnt have the patience to listen to and understand why pot is less harmful for your body than alcohol or prescription drugs, then how can I trust her to be pro-gay marriage, anti drug war, and other more important, social issues, that, to me, tell me whether or not I want to spend time with you as a person (i.e. It tells me whether or not youre a bigot or whether you just ingest things and take them as fact without actually thinking about them and whether they make any sense)..Yes, that is exactly what I hope for
So you hope to live in a rainbow world of peace and rose coloured glasses. Unfortunately, we won't ever live in that world and some people will always be sheltered, or believe different things. Likewise, some people will be informed and still hold the opposite opinion of you. I don't see what you wanting to hang out with this person or not has anything to do with the conversation. .There are plenty of reasons to be against gay marriage or pro war. Just because someone doesn't agree with you, that does not make them automatically wrong. Some people know a lot about pot and still think it's bad. They're entitled to their opinions. I'd personally rather live in a world where people were mature enough to understand that just because someone holds a different opinion than you do that does not make them wrong or an idiot. .Also, pot being less harmful for your body than prescription drugs and alcohol isn't necessarily a point in it's favour; that just makes it the lesser evil. That doesn't make it inherently good. I smoke pot 4 days a week, and I have no problem saying that there are negatives that come with smoking pot, and that some people smoke too much to be good for them. 

Because of how they wrote the letter, the words they chose, the overall tone of the letter, etc. its quite obvious. Like, obvious-obvious
No, you first go to the chive. Then ifunny. And lastly Facebook gets it a week later
First ifunny features 
The only reason to go on 9-gag is to get a quick summary of what you missed, but then again no one ever leaves reddit

Delayed reaction.
Thats... thats a mighty strong reaction..
I'd totally fondle that.
I call it an abomination.  Restore those titties.  By restore I mean post the original picture.
Mark as NSFW
I can't fap to that!
where's the original?
You are truly evil.
_
Why do they assume its the guys doing it?
This was my question.  I somewhat assume it's a men's restroom, but then why would they have to specifically address it to the men of this floor?
i stand on top of the toilet tank and shit everywhere, modern-style...sometimes i keep the stall clean and shit in the sink ultra-super-modern-style...
I used to work for Target as a Cart Attendant. One of my duties was to clean the restrooms every hour..The women's restroom was always a filthy pile of garbage.  Used toilet paper on the ground, drops of blood on the toilet seats, used tampons everywhere, etc..The men's restroom would have the occasional slip of clean TP lying around and that was it..Women....not as clean as you think they are.
Did anyone else notice it should be e.g. not i.e.? 
He's not a poop chipper.
This sounds fake... keep reading janitors stories on Reddit about men bathrooms not being too bad. Maybe there is a little shit and maybe a little dribble on the floor but that is usually it. My cousin says the foreign students are the worst though.
I used to work in a shop full of overweight rig douches and they would routinely clog the toilet and leave it almost overflowing. There were two stalls and one time both of them were rendered useless. Some people are fucked.
Shitty situation bro
"specks of actual shit on the toilet seat".Keyword: Specks..That's not even that bad. In my college dorm someone shat on the toilet seat, smeared it over it, pissed on it, and claimed it as his own personal stall out of three. He'd do this every time the cleaning ladies would, on their once a month cleaning session, clean his filth off of it. He made his own personal "cushion" to place over it when he'd use it. He ripped a hole big enough for his bum into a red towel and would hang it up for later..We never found out who it was.
I would have set it on fire.
The toilet seat or the whole bathroom? I would have been leaning towards the latter with the stench of month old shit on my mind.
I meant the cushion.
Found taped to the door of a communal bathroom in brooklyn
Exact same situation in my office... beyond avoiding the occasional shit spots that some person's explosive lack of control causes, a lack of air filtration renders our bathroom unusable after lunch.
That's almost new meaning to the term "explosive diarrhea"
I manage to get shit specks BENEATH the seat..I have no idea how but at least I know I have a gift.
a good hover-poop can be pretty invigorating 
There some new age pooping style I'm unaware of?
If you have to ask, you don't need to know.
The kind where you aren't squatting behind some bushes.
He doesn't know how to use the shells.
If it means "sit down to pee" fuck that and if you suggest it to me I will purposefully piss all over the place....
You might not want to go to Germany then.
I make it a point to completely re-evaluate my entire shitting routine every six months or so.  I would hate to think that complacency had snuck into my shitting routine or, worse still, that it had gotten stale.
The resolution Captain, it's too might for my display!
Upset about shit on the toilet seat? Try shit on the walls at least once a week. Not a huge amount of it mind you, but enough where somebody must have been aiming for the wall. Usually some spray and maybe a dime to quarter sized  turdlette. Fuck people, I'm glad I don't work there anymore.
Good band name
I think someone explained this in an earlier reddit thread just like this. There is probably a person from Asia that is used to using toilets the way they do, standing on the seat and squatting. Because sit down toilets aren't common in certain parts of asia.
Why does this person assume that men are the reason behind this problem. I know some women who have some serious problems with thier BM.
Oh, Mommy's little princess has to share the bathroom and can't handle a couple of shit strains. Grow some balls...
I was attached to the Mississippi national guard for a year and it was challenging at times to find one out of nine toilets that didn't have shit on the seat. The really sad part was that they were cleaned twice a day.
To be fair, though, he does seriously need to find a new way to shit.
Dear mens bathroom cleaner,
I understand your pain but from reading your note, I need "NEED" you to understand having only one person that is enable to evacuate their bowels in a 1 ft hole is a blessing. From working at a Walgreens where shi# sometimes doesn't even make it to the bathroom area, I can safely say that I would have taken your bathroom cleanup over mine. Having a constant overflowing of menstrual absorbing aids on the ground and a inconceivable amount of solid waste piled in the corner each month. Some PAPER which is basically absorbing water after washing hands and one hover shi#ter is a blessing. You have never seen a bad bathroom, you have never seen the horrors that can haunt a man.
Thank you OP, I have had a horrible day and this is the first thing that has made me laugh.  Hell, I was laughing for 5 mins before I could pull myself together enough to write this!
please tell me you work at this establishment?
Well shit... Or shitted
*signed the cunt with the sand in her vagina 
The "speckles of shit" probably came from some woman with diarrhea who is too good to sit on the toilet seat, considering most women consider themselves too good for that position.  A man will sit when he needs to.
What in the fuck are you even talking about?.Women sit to pee, they certainly sit to shit.
It's sometimes called "hovering".
Not sure what it is about public bathrooms that turns supposedly grown adult men into retarded monkeys making shit art on every available surface..Was I the only dude raised to have any respect or manners? Or is there some DudeBro shit art club you have to be initiated into before you understand this activity?
This sounds like it was written by a male. 
If you've ever had diarrhea, you've probably spattered shit on the seat and dry portions of the bowl..This guy just hasn't yet realized that his nasty shits do this too.
I'll never understand it.  My first exposure to this kind of stuff was when I worked at Chrysler's world headquarters.  The ladies' room was atrocious.  You'd have thought it was a toddler's restroom.  And then I heard stories from male coworkers about their restroom..Fast forward a couple years later, I was working in a very nice building in Chicago - same problem in the ladies' room.  Male coworkers told me about the "blanket shitter" in their restroom.  Apparently someone was laying down paper towel neatly in the bowl, then would shit directly on top of it, like a display.  What theeee fuck?.A few months before I left that job,  I was coming back in from lunch.  There was a small elevator lobby on our floor and when I came out of the elevator, I noticed a strange smell, but I was running late so didn't think too much of it.  A few minutes later a coworker asked if I had seen that someone shit on the elevator lobby's wall.  Say what?  Did someone get fired today or something?  I don't know why I didn't believe him, but I went to the door and opened it and there in the hallway it was.  It was really low to the ground in a splatter pattern, with a doo-doo napkin laying below it on the ground - like someone had just chucked it at the wall.  Even after building maintenance cleaned it up, you could still see the splatter a bit because it had eaten into the paint.   .There are cameras in that hallway, but we still never found out what truly happened.  It was rumored that an old man came into the building looking for a public restroom (there isn't one), so he got into one of the key card access-only elevators with an employee (this is not unusual because our floor shared this elevator with the company on the floor below us), and then once he got to our floor, realized he couldn't open the door without a key card, but could access the stairwell without a card.  So it's assumed he crouched in the stairwell, then got rid of the evidence in the hallway and went back down in the elevator.  Or at least that was our Dexter version of it...
And . need to completely re-evaluate your understanding of not putting the punchline in the title.
I dunno man, even though it was the punch line, since it was so long it wasn't obvious.  I know I personally was crying laughing for about 5 minutes.
I remember working in an office building. Not fondly, though. Working from home is much nicer.
Yup.. still in an office building. It seems like this 'shit on toilet' thing is turning into a meme.
I like working for myself, but my boss is a moron sometimes.
At least he gives you handjobs. 
Me too, also not fondly. Working in my taxi is much nicer. No one shits all over it.
The plumbing in this building is a bit suspect.  One thing I dread in that bathroom is when the lid is down...  Having to lift that lid is like shit-stink Russian roulette.  .Flush the god damn toilet.
I will never understand why people don't flush. They don't even get to see the face of the victim, so why? WHY PEOPLE WHY
"Gahh my boss just yelled at me... Let me just close the lid on this one" -walks away-
"If it's yellow, let it mellow..If it's brown, . also let it mellow"
I know people who would fuck with things like that.  They just like the satisfaction that someone will see it eventually and that is enough for them.
That is just so... I don't even know lol. People are crazy
We had a lot of crap-spackling going on in my old office, at least that is what i would call it. you know, where someone apparently has explosive shit the consistency of spackling paste and it cakes onto the back of the toilet bowl where the water never quite washes it away. in more extreme cases it can be caked onto the seat as well. its like these guys lean forward and get as much horizontal momentum on their poop as possible. 
I think it's from people sitting too far back on the seat. But it happens all the time in our office. I think we need to do a shit lineup or something and find out who keeps doing it.
But muh penus! It cant touch the front wall!
I've had one sir, not sure if it was 1700 calories but it wasnt too bad, actually kinda enjoyed it except for the heart attack I had later on that night 
Reminds me of 
Seems pretty clear to me.
either your email contains a secret code to a Government secret, or you're being trolled... 
"Your forum account is currntly bannd. Ban Rason : mail addrss contains an "". Ban will b liftd : Nvr."
Looks like hipocrisy to me. ;)
Checkmate Ethiests.
TIL Reddit doesn't like e's
because butthurt admins. I once got banned from a BF3 server for "killed an Admin using a gun". 
The mod must be ......well, a zombie version of him anyway.
D-cafBiscotti! What was I thinking!?

"e" is .vil. "e" is .mbarassing. "e" is .xcruciatingly .cocidal. "e" is .ffete....
I'm banned from gonewild for no good reason lmao. 
What website? 4chan.com/b/?
Just became so happy when I realized I used a 3 where the e in my email address should be!!
You should have known that e is serious business
great gadsby reference
and...
Is this thing for r(mc). al or is it shopp(mc). d?.Edit: formatting gurus of r(mc). ddit, how do you (mc). scap(mc). sup(mc). rscript?
no, you got banned because e
Holy shit, I'm at a [7] right now and I left opened this tab and got scared as fuck when I opened it, nearly thought I was banned from reddit D:
I have Rmovd th lttr inbtwn th "W" and "R" kys i shall b fin
Bad luck Brienne.
What the new Reddit About page would look like:.rddit: noun, vrb
rddit, rdditing; s rdditor, subrddit
noun: a typ of onlin community whr usrs vot on contnt
vrb: to tak part in a rddit community.Welcome to Rddit everyone!
B mor carful
Dsrvd.
that's calvinball!
No, you got banned "e". Not "y".
e's are illegal and have been since 1971 in the UK.Source: 
 has become a joke in and of itself. .4655 upvotes and I don't believe the mods ever took a second glance at the post. This is why this subreddit has devolved so far...
Was this from .? I got banned from there essentially the same reason. 
This is funnier because I have an email that omits an e.
The letter 'E' isn't for YOU to use!  It's OUR letter!.It's different when WE use it, it's empowering and part of our shared culture...but to you "E" is just hate..signed:  E The People
It left a vowel taste in their mouth
This post should be tagged NSFW.  I opened it in my office; someone walking by could have seen it.  I could have lost my job.
you should know better than to use the most common letter in the english language, you vile scallywag!
Magnar is safe :D
You have to look out for those offensive 'e's
was it a subreddit for .?
thats ecist!
This EncroachmEnt Enormously EradicatEs EveryonEs Exemption from basic EssEntial ExprEssion!
YOU RACIST FUCK HOW DAR YOU US THAT FUCKING LTTR! ONLY THY CAN US IT.  
That damn "e" will get you every time....
Ticket #9273345 states: "Bug: REGEX used by site validation script needs modification - DEV note: include 'e' as valid character asshole."
Gotta love the troll moderator.
Nothing to see here in the comments, don't waste your time
Oh, what sad times are these when passing ruffians can say "e" at will to old ladies. There is a pestilence upon this land, nothing is sacred. Even those who arrange and design shrubberies are under considerable economic stress in this period in history. 
I'm glad I don't hav on of thos in min.
I cannot fathom why an individual would apply that horrid symbol at any point of that individual's duration, in addition conscious action should man strain to subsist from fault.
You have been banned. Ban reason: a 
Holy shit.. You didn't put said symbol in your writings.. A god I say!
I think it's prtty obvious why you got bannd. I man it's not rockt scinc.
straight forward and to the point. Pretty clear why you got banned.  
E
I did not e that coming. 
Ah, I remember that Gilmore Girls episode.
Reddit mold
"I am happy to join with you today in what will go down in history as th  gr at st d monstration for fr  dom in th  history of our nation..Fiv  scor  y ars ago, a gr at Am rican, in whos  symbolic shadow w  stand sign d th   mancipation Proclamation. This mom ntous d cr   cam  as a gr at b acon light of hop  to millions of N gro slav s who had b  n s ar d in th  flam s of with ring injustic . It cam  as a joyous daybr ak to  nd th  long night of captivity..But on  hundr d y ars lat r, w  must fac  th  tragic fact that th  N gro is still not fr  . On  hundr d y ars lat r, th  lif  of th  N gro is still sadly crippl d by th  manacl s of s gr gation and th  chains of discrimination. On  hundr d y ars lat r, th  N gro liv s on a lon ly island of pov rty in th  midst of a vast oc an of mat rial prosp rity. On  hundr d y ars lat r, th  N gro is still languishing in th  corn rs of Am rican soci ty and finds hims lf an  xil  in his own land. So w  hav  com  h r  today to dramatiz  an appalling condition..In a s ns  w  hav  com  to our nation's capital to cash a ch ck. Wh n th  archit cts of our r public wrot  th  magnific nt words of th  Constitution and th  D claration of Ind p nd nc , th y w r  signing a promissory not  to which  v ry Am rican was to fall h ir. This not  was a promis  that all m n would b  guarant  d th  inali nabl  rights of lif , lib rty, and th  pursuit of happin ss. It is obvious today that Am rica has d fault d on this promissory not  insofar as h r citiz ns of color ar  conc rn d. Inst ad of honoring this sacr d obligation, Am rica has giv n th  N gro p opl  a bad ch ck which has com  back mark d ""insuffici nt funds."" But w  r fus  to b li v  that th  bank of justic  is bankrupt. W  r fus  to b li v  that th r  ar  insuffici nt funds in th  gr at vaults of opportunity of this nation. So w  hav  com  to cash this ch ck -- a ch ck that will giv  us upon d mand th  rich s of fr  dom and th  s curity of justic . W  hav  also com  to this hallow d spot to r mind Am rica of th  fi rc  urg ncy of now. This is no tim  to  ngag  in th  luxury of cooling off or to tak  th  tranquilizing drug of gradualism. Now is th  tim  to ris  from th  dark and d solat  vall y of s gr gation to th  sunlit path of racial justic . Now is th  tim  to op n th  doors of opportunity to all of God's childr n. Now is th  tim  to lift our nation from th  quicksands of racial injustic  to th  solid rock of broth rhood."

fuckd in th asshol !!! b mor carful dud 
I man com on, it's not that hard, but not asy ithr
Well isn't this why Freedom is being banned in America. FREEDOM has 2 e's
If I remember correctly, someone copyrighted the letter "e" online.  Just Googl it.
Georges Perec is probably a mod

I'm fuckt.
I bet you inspected element in chrome and changed it
This is so silly, why would anybody want to skip it in this post? It's not that hard to work around it! It's satisfying to go paragraphs without using it! A paragraph consists of around four distinct thoughts, or so. I thank you all for taking this opportunity to borrow your brains and think up a cool story without using .! Don't just slang it up! It is stupid you got a ban though! I'm so sorry. It is not fair!
similar -much harder- "challenge" was made to an arab scholar, but without using the letter aleph (a). it was claimed that its impossible to say any long paragraph conveying anything useful without using 'a'.
You might be right. It's definitely not simple. It's surely possible to construct cogent sentences, but possibly not useful ones.
you..you win. .Fwiw,the Arabic one was .. For non-Arabic readers you can see atleast how long it was (aleph in Arabic is used as much or more as 'a' in English).And then he wrote . without any dots (within sentences or letters with dots (a lot of Arabic letters have dots)) 
YOU CAN'T BAN ME! THE ISLAND WON'T LET YOU!
 -Posts new thread-.Hey, I'm new here. I love to chill out and meet new friends!.(USER BANNED FOR TYPING)
One of my main email addresses I made when I was 14 years old has 6 E's in a row in it.  Can't imagine what would happen to me on that forum.  
Now, you would . . without .. So don't complain about a login.
H-ee-tler
The life and death brigade have a forum?
You sonovabitch....
You're an evil bastard!   

Well to be fair, it was a forum for people who detest the letter e.
Can you name a friends email that doesn't have the letter "e" in it. 90% of your Facebook friends can't do it.
Sounds like you've got vowel disorder.
This sort of stupidity amazs m, but thn I think "This is th 21st cntury. Thr ar stupid popl in th world."
i got banned from a minecraft server for:."Touching little boys"

Was this by chance a "Gadsby" fan-forum you were banned from?
I'd lik to buy a vowl.
Better than never getting an explanation at all..Thanks, Reddit.
At least it didn't say "email address contained an '@' "
Ctrl + f : "e".2500 hits..Bust out the bans.

.obviously the forum is run by Post-moderators.
Finally, after all those years of sending letters, they're at last starting to crack down on this.
I didn't realize the "e" is so low brow. I have 6 in my name. 
Does anyon know th rason this guy actually got bannd? was it a bug?

e is a DLC now
An e?.An E?.Good God Man? What is wrong with you? Obviously you cannot look to trust such an individual as your kind! Was this to occur (your application of that ill cast sign) in any vicinity in which I should find my own body, in a vicinity surrounding my location, sir, I should visit upon your such a wrath as to rival Gaia's natural fury! This partiality of yours, this application of that ill sign is gross sir, appallingly gross and your mood, as of now, should hold a most guilty and compunctious air. In fact should you laugh this act off, I could not hold you in any form of honour. Good day to you sir.

Forum was for "Da 'E' h8rs club"
Why would someone get banned for having the letter e in their email? What's so bad about that?
Gggggggggggg
Try taking the natural log of your email address
was it a forum for "the great gatsby"

Wow, I am posting on a thread and it is not even 3 hours old. I feel relevant. 
Aw damn, my email has, like, three!
I'm fucked
OP should know better than to fuck around with e's like that.
I'm a good forum.. guy?
my personal address never gets banned.
Contains an e. Consider yourself banned.
Hmm.  I don't have any Es in my email address.
maybe it racism... just sayin! You can never rule that out
I don't think 'e' likes you
Fuck tha polic
That's what happens when you sign up to the forum of no e's.
Serves you right for using live.com as an email provider.
Eception.
"Try to think of (1) email address with an 'e' in it! Bet you can't!"
SAY 'E' AGAIN MOTHERFUCKER!
maybe you shouldnt post in .'s
Sad shit, I am sorry to hear that.
 ?

Drug reference.

Microsoft has trademarked the letter "e." If you want to use the letter "e" you have to agree to their terms & conditions.
Welp, Now i must wait for my ban. :P
I don't see the problem
Context?
"I'm a good work guy. But, I didn't say 'e'!" - Lenny
Reminds me of the game of Presidents and Assholes I played.  One of the rules created was "Can't say the letter 't'" or you have to drink".  Oh my.
Ella Minnow Pea
Maybe it was on a Gadsby forum. (
Everyone knows you gotta pay for your vowels.
A ridiculous policy fit for morons and tyrants. 
Vwls r fr tls.

It should be, Eh!

As an ex-admin/co-owner of a medium-large sized forum I used to do this sort of thing all the time when banning obvious trouble makers, let's be honest it's the only sort of fun you get in that job..(Never become a forum admin, it sounds fun but my god is it stressful.)
LMFAO!! My (x)mail has an ........ oh wait almost got m(x) th(x)r(r) LOL 
 
it's part of the vowel eradication society... e's only the beginning. be afraid... be very afraid...
I got banned from . of all places. Everyone is a bully but I guess I took it too far when I called someone a fat ass.
I've been rate limited in . for less. 
Perhaps you should avoid that particular symbol going forward. As difficult as it may look now, I think all individuals can do it in script now on post.
I am immortal
Simpsons' reference perhaps?
"Tell me why I shouldn't fire you without using letter.. "
I once got banned from a forum because of my real first name. I asked the owner why, and she said "Because someone I don't like has that name". k.....

I hope this is from SomethingAwful. It's sure the sort of thing they used to do.
This happens to me literally every time
That guy just had a shit day...
My 'mail contain on' also I am so fuck'd. Good by' cru'l world,  now this is  so horribl'


can wi j\substituti all of thosi symbols for the littir I? Wi could probably git rid of quiti a fiw littirs this way.
Screw it
Do you have mould or something?
You might say your account experienced La Disparition. .This has been another edition of "Limited Audience Jokes."
Today the letter "E". Tomorrow the letter "M".
e ya later.
Guys, this is . forums btw
As someone with 3 E's in her name... Not even going to try.
Yay! I'm okay.
fucking Oulipo
This is offensive, you should say "the E-letter".

It's new rule of bass code,  and now I know you go on basscode, lal. For those who don't know it's a bunch of hackers who leak ad crack paid products
I thought I got banned but then I was like oh...

why is this up near the top of my page? i'm confused.
This is what happens when you let Ernest Vincent Wright be a mod.
This website sounds like a place I'd never go.  The mods sound like complete dickheads.  Fuck em.
I got a similar ban once, from the bdsmlibrary forum. Because I cursed in the chat room. Christ those people are uptight. I could have gone back since I was using a school computer, but decided I didn't want to be on a site where I couldn't say the word fuck. Anyways... This whole trip down memory lane came because it was the same color on the ban message and the same looking design, and you don't say what site it is from, so I thought "wouldn't it be funny if that is the bdsm library"
You miserable slug. People like you disgust me.
Which means after today, the site will only contain the admin and officers. A lonely site that will be.
For everyone who's wondering why.
Context: .
. & 
Good. You should be working anyways. :)
Damn my email does to...

Ban will be lifted: Never.
Lamest reason I ever got banned from a forum/server was because I went to the same high school as some kid I didn't even know, who wasn't even in my grade.  But I guess this guy pissed off all the admins so much that they tried to make sure him and no one even remotely close to him could use their counter strike server again.  I got perma banned as well.  This was over ten years ago now when I was in high school, but at the time it was really lame because there were only so many good cs servers back then and that was like 1 of 3 decent servers I got a good connection on.  I had lots of friends on that server, it was my crew.  The main admin wouldn't ever lift my ban even though other admins said I was cool.   Never seen a kid online get so butt hurt that he had the energy to figure out that stuff about everyone who joins his server. 

Of course Email Address contains an 'e'. It's right at the beginning!
Don't us_ that l_tt_r again it's a no-no l_tt_r! 
This is madnss!
 
I don't think it's hard to do this. 
Flamehaus??

Wll, that lttr is vry dangrous and should only b usd on a vry spcial occasion.
was the mod Ernest Vincent Wright's descendant?
'e' is the most vulgar of all chars.
This reminds me of the guy Sheogorath had executed for the crime of growing a beard.
Fuck. I could have gotten a shitload of karma getting banned for funnier "reasons" on xat.
IIRC, the letter E is the most commonly used letter in the alphabet.
Thy hav a book without the forbiddn letter, calld "Gadsby". It's vry good.
srvs ya! 
I got banned from a minecraft server for this: 
They probably do it to keep out the riff raff.  It's probably listed in the rules somewhere.  Something Awful is famous for banning people that do not follow the sometimes obscure rules in similar ways (10bux = cost $10 to buy an account).
You requir rainbows. vryon liks rainbows
You BASTARD, its people like you, making email accounts willy nilly with letters NO ONE WANTS TO SEE IN AN EMAIL, just to get a rise out of people... SHAME! SHAME ON YOU SIR!
That is th damndst thing I hav vr sn.
that is hilarious.
Wait a minute, your username is tycoon177, there's no "e" in there.

irritable vowel syndrome
wait Reddit has an e in it .... O_O 
It's a good thing "toomanygaysinmytown" fails to contain any of that particular symbol in it.
I... post... good?
Hom(x) Land S(x)curity, will b(x) at your door soon.
It's the opposite of Reddit Gold; Reddit Mold! It takes letters away that you can use, starting with "e".
Is that why witch house artists always use those silly symbols in their names?
Your copy of Gadsby is in the mail.
 thinks that's bullshit.
E 
e e e e e e e e e e e u wnt to fite m8
No that huh? Good thing I am l33t. 
Especially since everyone refuses speaking the letter I've decided everyone (especially me) wishes they use the letter more.
you were not e-type
You need the D.
Ban will be lifted: Nvr*
Ban will b liftd: nvr *
The real story is you were shitposting so bad that the mod couldn't even be bothered to give you a straight reason. 
You son of a bitch how dare you put the letter e in your email address. What were you thinking?!?! I am . offended 
How could you put that bastardly symbol? I can't fathom how you attack him, and go and do it, just as the one you call out. I am disappoint. 

did you forget an "a" in your own screen name?
But I'm a good work guy!

ban, do you even lift?.never. 
I hear Mitch Hedberg yelling "Yeah man maybe they're right. FUCK E!"
E is for Erection.

Oh, so you like it kinky?
You sick bastard.
Probably bcaus you wr bing an asshol.

I'd ban the OP too....For not taking the time to explain where this happened and why..With no link, for all I know this post was a lie intended to gain karma for the OP.
Replaco e with o.....Horo is tho Gottysburg Addross:.Four scoro and sovon yoars ago our fathors brought forth upon this continont, a now nation, concoivod in Liborty, and dodicatod to tho proposition that all mon aro croatod oqual..Now wo aro ongagod in a groat civil war, tosting whothor that nation, or any nation so concoivod, and so dodicatod, can long onduro. Wo aro mot on a groat battlo-fiold of that war. Wo havo como to dodicato a portion of that fiold, as a final rosting placo for thoso who horo gavo thoir livos, that that nation might livo. It is altogothor fitting and propor that wo should do this..But, in a largor sonso, wo cannot dodicatowo cannot consocratowo cannot hallowthis ground. Tho bravo mon, living and doad, who strugglod horo, havo consocratod it far abovo our poor powor to add or dotract. Tho world will littlo noto, nor long romombor, what wo say horo, but it can novor forgot what thoy did horo. It is for us tho living, rathor, to bo dodicatod horo to tho unfinishod work which thoy who fought horo, havo, thus far, so nobly advancod. It is rathor for us to bo horo dodicatod to tho groat task romaining boforo usthat from thoso honorod doad wo tako incroasod dovotion to that causo for which thoy horo gavo tho last full moasuro of dovotionthat wo horo highly rosolvo that thoso doad shall not havo diod in vainthat this nation, undor God, shall havo a now birth of froodomand that, govornmont of tho pooplo, by tho pooplo, for tho pooplo, shall not porish from tho oarth.

Only thing I could focus on in all of that was pooplo. 
That's all I could see. There is no post, no paragraphs. Only pooplo.
I knew I was smart to stick with AOL!

Or gmail, hotmail, yahoo, msn...
CompuServ never gets invited to any parties.

I could be wrong here man but i think he was making a joke cause AOL is extremely old and no one really uses it anymore, its the one that did " You've got mail!" 

Ha! Jokes on them.  "Email address" contains . 'e's.
containing "an 'e'" is still true.

See, two 'e's is .. One 'e' is banworthy.
No Homers!
Was the forum . ? Cause I mean... I kinda get it then. 

umm wtf am i looking at?
What in the actual fuck is up with that??  Is that just a random thing, or is there some deeper meaning or joke that I am unaware of?  That is truly bizarre.  Even for Reddit.
No idea. The random button just landed me there one day. 
Agreed. Any normal person would hang out at ., or possibly ., but never ..
Morse code. "G" is long, "g" is short (or that's what I'm told) 

It was supposed to be like that, but most people put random g's now. Some people still use the Morse Code, and there is even a gggg translator out there somewhere.
First they came for the vowels,.and I didn't speak out because I didn't have a vowel in my name.
Yes, but we can't all be Lrrr.

It's funny but strikes a very serious, deep chord in me...
Then they came for the unpaired hard consonants,.and I didn't speak out because I didn't know what"unpaired hard consonants" meant.
Hell, I'll be fine until judgement day
Then they came for the number negative-eighteen
e = E 
E = mirrored 3.Don't want any more HL3 confirmed posts.....
= ban
Half life 3 confirmed

Its a lost sub.. it was really cool in its beginning. It was a morse code. "G" meant dot and "g" meant dash I believe. .Then the populace found it and thought it was a joke and posted random g's without meaning and killed the sub..Edit: grammar .Thanks plasmaman
Well, it wasn't written anywhere! 

Very cool, thanks for the "Reddit History" lesson, it actually makes sense now!
*morse
No, .. They communicated through a specific kind of folk dance.
Specific? I think you mean only! Nothing like a bit of bell jangling and stick bashing to get the blood going!


Information*
and I would have gotten away with it too, if it wasn't for you meddling kids. 
Mods, respond pls

 would be okay.
As would . and . - two personal heroes of mine. 

Even more pages
Really says a lot about a writer when you have to forgo using the letter "e" to finally get people to buy your work.
FYFY
Wikipedia says nobody even bought his work until much later.
TIL. Wow
Years ago, the Wikipedia entry on that book didn't contain the letter "e" anywhere within the main body. It was fabulous. Then people got angry that it read like the contributors were all having a stroke, so they changed it.
Blame wikipedia user RobertG. He felt that readers might be confused and started the move away from the original format.

Wikipedia snobs are almost as obnoxiously oppressive as craigslist forum snobs. 
Pitchforks! Torches! Let's gooooo!!!!!

It's... ..  
Ha! That is captivating.
Glorious! Consists of nary an ASCII(69) until arriving at its bibliography.
"If you can tell me why I shouldn't fire you without using the letter "e," you can keep your job."."Uh, okay. I'm a good... work... guy..."."You're fired"

Not that hard. I still got a job. Writing books in that way.


Wow. You've been doing this forever! I don't think people have caught up to your genius yet. Keep up the good work!
Bah, dude used the letter 'e' 11 months ago.
"Thumbnail is big enough for him." Indeed :(


I'm good at what I do and you know that! 
I'm going to blackmail you.
I'm bright and hard-working, and by comparison Tom is a slob.
Don't you mean Carl?  Or Homr?
Fucking Tom, I hate that guy. 

Who doesn't hate Myspace Tom?
"But I didn't say..."."You will."."EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE"
"SIR! TRY TO LAND ON LEONARD'S CARCASS!"
Im pretty sure Burns doesn't say "you will." I can't check because I'm on my phone, but I just watched it the other day. He might say "Goodbye," but I'm not sure..Edit: Well I'll be damned, he does say it. It's one of those lines that's a little bit muffled, so I think I've always heard it as "oh well," so it never stood out as being anything but an aside, when it was actually a further extension of the joke. Well, there goes my cartoon street cred.
2 syllables, pssh. 
He says you will.

After extensive research I've discovered that there have been serial killers, rapists, terrorists and NSA employees with an 'e' in their email address.  Banning may seem to be a bit extreme, but you just can't be too careful these days.
Think of our childrn

Protect the children!
Wait a second..
"Terrorist" cannot be spelled without an "e"   we must ban them for Amrica and Childrn and frdom and dmocracy and hros
There are two 'e's in the word pedophile. Coincidence? I think not.  

There are two "e"s in KetoJennic..............
there are also two 'e's in your username, i'm watching you.

There's no "I" in "team.".But there are two in "syphilis."

But there is an 'I' in 'pie'... As in meat pie...
"You know what, there's no U in team either, so if I'm not on the team and you're not on the team, , there is no team. Fuck the team!"

Oh my god, there's two e's in coincidence! 

Half Life E confirmed
Is that a coincidence? I think not.

"I think not" contains no harmful letters and is encouraged. You are free to use the expression... wait. Free has two...

Speaking of free, United States of America has three!

Half life 3 confirmed.  

Three 'e's in "Half Life Three"

But three has two.and two has zero.but zero has one.thank god for one...

Half life 3 confirmed?
Three has five letters.
Five has four.
Four has four.
Repeat forever.Fifty-Seven has ten letters.
Ten has three letters.
Three has five letters.
Five has four letters.
Four has four letters.
Repeat forever.Five billion, three hundred and seventy eight million, one hundred and fifty-five million, hundred and eleven has ninety-one letters.
Ninety-one has nine letters.
Nine has four letters.
Four has four letters.
Repeat forever  

Reminds me of the ., though somewhat simpler to prove.
That's one way to put it.
Half Life 4 Confirmed.
Half Life 4.44 repeating Confirmed.
But, one has one has one has one has one has one...

has only a quantum amount of "e"s.

Canada. Straight A's, baby!

Your email address contains an 'e'.

If you can tell me why I shouldn't fire you without using the letter "e," you can keep your job.
I'm... a good... work... guy.


Amazing!
There are eight letter e's on the front cover alone. 

It looks like the introduction also has e's.

What a false novelty.
You guys don't seem to understand that the novel itself doesn't contain an E. It doesn't say the book doesn't contain an E, just the actual story. It's a 50,000 word novel that doesn't use the letter E, so not including the cover or the introduction. From chapter 1 on.

Impr... Fascinating.
I work hard and do good stuff.
I work hard and I want this position
I saw you doing a horizonal tango with our admin assistant.
I can adapt to any situation.

In a spirit of absolution, I must admit that I am not your most thorough, bright, or hardworking assistant, but I'm adamant that I will try to carry on as possibly your most faithful and most caring employeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee..MODIFICATION: to fix a stray glyph. 

nthusiastic. Try "gung-ho"

Ya it's pretty strait forward. 

Straight

straight-forward*
[deleted]

Stop hasslin him
[deleted]

Dmanit! :( 

Damnit 

Dammit. 




see chain. Destroy. Repeat. .job well done. .I need more info on grey vs. gray

E in England, A in America

I did a craigslist search for 'gray recliner' and came up empty. 'grey recliner' however, had several results. I'm in Seattle, maybe we're pretentious with our spelling words the European way.

Janet.
Fuck Janet
Brad!

Rocky!
Marty?
WHO ARE YOU PEOPLE!?
That's right! We don't have a son!
I wanna screwww.
I love you!
the road was long but I ran it.
Well that's 7 of us that get the Rocky Horror reference.Edit: 281 
Yeah... a bit more than 7. 

I know there would be more, and I was just writhing with antici.........
I didn't even like that movie, and I got it. I think you underestimate the power of cult status.
I completely understand its powers and it's capabilities. Some if the best movies are cult films. Also the play is wayyy better. They do it here in Montclair, NJ every month it's a good time. Find one and go
You should b mor carful in ths tough tims of lttr shortag.
I c what you did 
vwls r slss nywy, thy jst gt n th wy.
You sound lik uncl Dolan.
Reminds me of ..
I didn't love that book, but I thought the premise was wonderful.
Thanks for that. I'll order a copy.

Ban will b liftd nvr
ani625 pls
It reminds me of that time when kaiser stole our word for 'twenty'.


First they take your "E" and then your "F." What's next? You gotta stand up for your right!
Has anyone here read LMNOP? It's extremely relevant right now.
There is actually an episode of Gilmore Girls where they play the "no e" game. .Sorry I used "e's" in this post. Not enough brainpower left today to find synonyms for all those words.
If you use too many letters those tough Tims will kick your ass.
Why would you ask such a thing of us? Did not you think this was a difficult thing to do? Do you want us to do your school work for you? I say no! Jot down your own story and do not ask us again!
 about what happens when the letter E is injured and can't work. :-)
Wis guy
Took m a whil to figur out that by ths you man ths not ths.
I knw this day would com. Th dolphins usd all of thm! 

the poor tims
Damn bro. That sucks. Avoid such symbols as much as you can. 
This is bringing back memories of high school reading the book "Ella Minnow Pea"
I don't think they like you, quite being a JRK!!!!
Reddit Mold.
In Memoriam: Reddit Mold, April 1, . *2011.Edit: thank you 
It was 2011.
I'm always fastidious about my wording. From my first post to my last.

Your reddit account is currently banned. Ban Reason: Username contains an 'e'.
Ban will be lifted: Never

Your reddit account is currently banned. Ban Reason: Username contains an 'e'.
Ban will be lifted: Never
Your reddit account is currently banned. Ban Reason: Username con--
I cannot fathom why any individual would apply that horrid symbol at any point of that individual's duration
wow well done. 
Wow I am imprssd sir. Bravo.
Why would any individual want to think of such an awful non-consonant?
Brilliant job with this 1. Gr8 work.

I wnt ovr this 5 tyms looking for that symbol. way to go!
I wish I was as smooth at avoiding particular symbols in our ABCs as you.

Fuck, your good.
Fuck his what?

I'm a god damn natural. I always avoid that symbol.
Your username has an 'e' in it..

Fucking symbol. 

*you'r ... hmm. 
That individual possibly said god and not good? Possibly it was just god with a long pronunciation. 
Only one to pull it off without sounding like you were trying too hard. 

This is an unusual paragraph. I'm curious how quickly you can find out what is so unusual about it. It looks so plain you would think nothing was wrong with it. In fact, nothing is wrong with it! It is unusual though. Study it, and think about it, but you still may not find anything odd. But if you work at it a bit, you might find out! Try to do so without any coaching! You probably won't, at first, find anything particularly odd or unusual or in any way dissimilar to any ordinary composition. That is not at all surprising, for it is no strain to accomplish in so short a paragraph a stunt similar to that which an author did throughout all of his book, without spoiling a good writing job, and it was no small book at that. By studying this paragraph assiduously, you will shortly, I trust, know what is its distinguishing oddity. Upon locating that "mark of distinction," you will probably doubt my story of this author and his book of similar unusuality throughout. It is commonly known among book-conscious folk and proof of it is still around. If you must know, this sort of writing is known as a lipogram, but don't look up that word in any dictionary until you find out what this is all about. 

It's not actually that difficult. You could do it without a lot of thought if you avoid that dictionary kind of book for words that are synonymous.
should have gone with "synonymous words"

The first time I saw her on TV, I thought to myself "What is she so angry about?", then I changed the channel because she was giving me a headache.
HLN, Hysterical Ladies Network
CNN: Always first, sometimes right 
We can use the power of reddit to cancel her.
Not to be a dick, but I . hope she dies soon.
If Al sharpton is poisonous to the black community is Nancy Grace poisonous to the white community? They both have some of the same tendencies do they not?
I fucking hate Nancy Grace.
If there was any justice in this life, and G*D knows there is very little, Nancy Grace would sink into the obscurity she so richly deserves. She is a festering boil on the ass of American society. I pity her children.
I hate nancy grace with every fiber of my being. Just one look at her, and i wanna go all Stabby McStaberson on her. FUUUUUCCCKK! Every time she speaks its like nails on a chalkboard.
Goddammit! I thought that Nancy Grace had somehow gone missing. I was so happy.  Now that I know I read the title incorrectly, gonna have to stop masturbating. At least temporarily.
Nancy (Dis) Grace everyone 
Some of it is her, some of it is CNN likely telling her to be as melodramatic as possible. She was not nearly as bad on CourtTV before (but she did show some traits like this, especially the "every defendant is guilty" shtick).
I hate that dumb old beaver. 
Oh, you American's and your 'News.'
I am convinced she is the least likable person on television.
One of the biggest cunts alive.
Needs more bombshell
She is on the list of people whose deaths I will openly celebrate.
I call her nasty grace.
Imagine if her and Bill O'rilley had a kid.
In the wise words of my boyfriend, "I'd rather jack off with glass-covered sandpaper gloves" then watch that bitch. 
What I can't seem to figure out is how the fuck she still has a job after they had to settle twice on 2 separate suicides directly related to her mouth.
Ah yes, the (self-declared) voice of objectivity.
I'm glad that I'm not the only one who hates this bitch. Drop dead (soon preferably) please. 
Man ! That's awesome. I hate that cunt. She is so over opinionated, and then substitutes facts with her own opinion. O yeah and she has a fat head much like most lawyers... Literally large head
I remember being overjoyed when I found out other people loathed her as much as I do.
Cuntosaurus Rex 
You used "child" instead of "tot"..Shame on you!  Deceitful bastard!!
I have to admit it, I love to hate Nancy Grace. I love it like i love pushing on a bruise that I know hurts but I just keep doing. Like when i get a paper-cut on my hand and it hurts each lime I cut(bartender). I love to scream at the screen and call her a stupid cunt bitch. And I love to tell my wife what that awful stupid person on tv said this time. And then like after masturbating to some truly awful porn, I feel dirty and need a shower or to adopt a puppy to make up for it.
That's the politest way of saying 'raging cunt bag, who needs to get cunt punted into the sun', ever.
Every time I see her on tv I'm shocked at the incredibly soft lens they film her with. It's especially jarring when they do a split screen with a guest and the guest is perfectly sharp. It's like Grace's studio is also a sauna.
I have nothing valuable to add to this conversation, other than the fact that Nancy Grace always reminded me of Eddie Izzard when he's dressed in full drag.  That is all.
I can't get past that yeehaw hillbilly accent of hers.
Replace layered haircut with cunt. 
angry layered haircunt* FTFY
When I read the text, for some reason the font made it seem like it was zooming in.  Am I having a stroke?
Nancy Grace is the legal version of Rush Limbaugh. Me and my gf refer to her as VC - Vapid Cunt - so we don't have to say her name. 
Vesty Pantsuit
I can't believe people watch her show in the same way I can't believe people support the Hannity/O'Reilly/Beck set.  I know people that do and, right or wrong, I lose respect for them when I find out.
I'm mentally challenged.. so if you could use font that clearly shows the chronological order of which the words go.... That would be great. 
Nancy disGrace, actually
I never understood what it means to have a layered haircut.
This lady is a super hero! Her name?."Cut to a commercial break suddenly so I can have a few minutes to form a good rebuttal and refuse to allow the person who contradicted me to talk" Woman!
FTFY
Most annoying and ignorant person there is. 
That women is the biggest cunt in the universe, and that is expressing myself lightly. .This ''women'', ugh, every time i see or hear her she makes my blood boil and that comes from a European who luckily doesn't have to see her on television. For starters try to learn the difference between Smoke and Steam...
Bombshell tonight...
Her show has singlehandedly ruined the news.
Where's Kaylee!!!!!
She has said some shit about my friends and loved ones that I cannot believe. She is disgusting and ignorant.
Emotional Terrorist.
Eventually, Nancy will preside over televised court proceedings in which, you will be the jurors. Push the buttons on your WebTv box and convict the plaintiff, zap, incinerated instantly. Amusement for the college graduates that never found a job worthy of them.
I only watch Nancy Grace on tuesdays, that way I can say at the end "C U Next Tuesday"
Lets call that haircut what it really is, a she-mullet. 
This is the absolute truest truth about news media. And goddamnit, is it embarrassing! That shit is not MY America.
I hope this cunt dies a slow, agonizing death. What a disgusting pig.
fuck nancy grace, and telivision
I actually sent an email to HLN last night asking for her removal for racist comments about zimmerman not because i was offended, im just annoyed by her. She said Z was eating taco bell and churros every night, if she said the same comment about a black person - eating kentucky fried chicken and watermelon every night she'd already be gone. Dumb cracker. 
Nancy grace is the biggest bitch. You aren't allowed to have an opinion unless its the same one she has. If its at all different oops lemme cut you of and the degrade wjat you are saying
I think Nancy Grace is important in that she represents, IMO, the most perfect example of a 'cunt'.  Like if you called someone that, and they're like 'what does that even mean?'  'Just check out Nancy Grace, you'll get it'.
I liked when she was going off on the Duke lacrosse players. Then, when it came out that the girl was lying, SHE DIDN'T EVEN DO HER SHOW THAT NIGHT! She's a bitch and a coward.
A couple times at my bowling league they had this whore on one of the TVs.  I couldn't hear anything and it wasn't closed captioned.  But i could read her bias on every story reported.  well, the week i saw this was around the time zimmerman was "sleeping" in court.  And she basically was calling the guy guilty the entire time, and for 2 hours thats all the show was.  Everything is BREAKING NEWS on her show, stuff that "broke" 16 hours before.  what a waste of life.
From The Colbert Report?
That's missing . white girl.  . missing people are shit out of luck in American media.
I'm trying to get the hashtag #nancygraceisacunt to trend. So far it hasn't picked up. Please help?
I remember her being much fatter on TV. I can't stand her, she is the most obnoxious reporter on the air, and I use the term "reporter" loosely. 
I don't know why But my wife Likes her and when ever I make fun of her my wife gets pissed at me so I made this my background on are computer 
I cant help but to imagine her as a yappy papillon
You mis-spelled "Stupid Cunt"
I swear I actually read this as "Angry Layered Haircunt."
i really want someone to punch her in the face. 
Cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt.  Her in a nut shell.
As a Michael Jackson fan it's almost a requirement to hate her ;)
Even though shes a cunt, something in those eyes tell me she would suck your dick like no other 
She always comes across as a giant cunt to me.  
Oh I'm sorry, I thought you were hair.
She reminds me of a combination of all my primary school teachers. Just seeing her face makes me rage.
I fucking hate that lady, her voice drives me insane..I wish she would move to the mountains, far, far away, and never contact anyone ever again.
Turning an opportunity to help get educated into entertainment!
This just made my whole entire day better. <3<3<3<3<3
my sister in law has one of those midwestern housewife haircuts, how do I convince her to stop it
Her middle name is Dis which also tells us what she does. And her full name is 
Nancy Dis Grace.
Is that text moving in a dramatic way? Or is that a still photo? MY MIND!?!
Good journalists (of which she is neither) do not have to shout down and talk over the person they are interviewing.  If I wanted to listen to this kind of tripe, I'd go to my in-laws for Thanksgiving.
HLN Head Line News.  Isn't Headline one word?
Man, the hour after the Casey Anthony verdict was some of the best TV in modern history.
Someone needs to teach me how to read text like this
I am having a hard time reading this, it's giving me a headache...
She's starting to look suspicious.
I'd totally hate fuck Nancy Grace. She's not bad looking, save for the terminal case of bitch face.
More like Nancy DisGrace.
i cant stand nancy grace
Why does everyone hate her? I've never seen her show so I'm just honestly curious. 
The Paula Dean of news television
If there's a thing I learned as an outsider, is that Nancy Grace is evil. Like, geniunely evil.
Is it just me or is her hairline receding?
Nancy Grace's show consists of dead babies and semen..Meow.
I would listen to Rush Limbaugh for 5 hours rather than listen to Nancy Grace for 5 minutes
I have a very good friend, total sweetheart, very sensitive and generous, loves to garden and feed birds.  She looks exactly like Nancy Grace, minus the haircut, and I hope she doesn't know that.
God I hate that chick
I believe that whenever she is quoted, it should be in all caps.  
The ass this woman drags around is what is criminal..Saw a glimpse of it on some dancing show / CNN clip. Scary.
I wanna know how she stayed on TV after she accused a mother of kidnapping her own child. Then the accused mother committed suicide. Nancy can seriously go fuck herself! 
Did anyone else think that the words were moving?
The only good thing on Headline News is Robin Meade in the morning..... the rest of the day is like fuckin' "Court TV"
Ahhh, yes...this angry lady. She used to be a prosecutor, you know. Would you want that hot-headed cunt as your prosecutor? Look what a mess she made out of the Duke LAX scandal. Those men didn't even do what they were accused of, yet Nancy Grace goes on TV and slanders these people - irreversibly damaging their reputation. This woman is insane and the experience of her voice traveling from my television speakers into my two ears gives me the same nasty chills that nails on a chalkboard provide. Thanks, Obama. 
I'm definitely sending this to my cousin, he works closely with her.
My favorite Nancy Grace moment 
This is like a fake 30 Rock show.
she actually looks like a nice person in the pic...
Pardon my ignorance. What's a layered haircut? 
Yup. She needs to stop. Her and allred.
How many ways can you put the words together?
Currently in the midwest, apparently that choppy, layered hair is the go-to hairstyle for many of the women between 30-60. How can anyone wearing hair like that look in the mirror and not see the resemblance to a mop.
Angry Bird Woman Hour
She had a nipple slip on Dancing with the Stars. 
I dig some of the HLN crew. Ryan Smith, Vinnie Politan.
It's like there's never enough birdseed for her to be happy
Thanks for the repost.
Who?
what horrible human being.

I really hope others don't look at that cunt as a representative of the white community just like I wouldn't look at Sharpton as one for the black. They are people who thrive off attention and people like that don't make for a sound representation of a group of people.
they should have added this instead of the CNN logo
Yeah let's get the hivemind together to draw attention to her existence on television. That'll drop her ratings!
Instead of cutting hair at a uniform length, hair can be separated into layers, for example, by grabbing all the top parts just so you can see the layer that starts above the ears. The hair at this level, or layer, can be cut at a different length that that above and below to to create different effects. .  you could conversely have it shorter underneath and gradually get longer as you move to the top layer of hair, which can create body.   
Her hair doesn't look that layered to me. (Nancy Grace)'s
her hair is kinda short like she's going for a pixie cut on top but then long at the bottom underneath. this is kind of a 'mom' hair cut, especially seeming to occurring in more rural places (for some reason.) Saw a lot of that going on at the race track my brother drives at :P
Us American's what? What does the American possess?
*television=the planet
I'm not british, but I did say the word "koont"
Minus the sense of humor.
I thought I was tripping... 
Sorry. "White Knight" mode off for tonight!
Is that Cracka or Cracker?  In either case I didn't know she was a security guard or police occifer.   Thanks, Jeantel.
I just sent an email 5 minutes ago asking for the pathetic excuse for journalism to be removed from air. Its just deluding the american public further. Part of me hopes my email shows up on the show. Haha
Came here to bash her about her actions during that bullshit. Consider her bashed.
The ugly ones always turn up
Thats the craziness she gives off. Never stick it in crazy.
Everyone does though.  Even when we know we shouldn't.
Sadly we never learn lol.
great, i have to give up my free healthcare.
God. I love it whenever guns get into the mix. One hour of every noun being replaced with "AK47".
Don't forget the Vaseline on the lens..HD bandwidth is wasted on her show - it's shot out of focus to hide her ugly wrinkles, lines and SOUL.
Wut?

I miss when she would be on for legal advice on good morning America and Dan Abrams would clown her on the law.  
"Good news is we don't arrest people based on their tone of voices 911 calls" DAYUMMM
That was beautiful.
The ONLY time I would watch her was when Dan Abrams got the last word..Here's Abrams taking her apart after Nancy Grace suggested, without a shred of evidence, that Whitney Houston was murdered (wtf).
She's just adorable, isn't she ladies and gentlemen? 
If I ever get a terminal illness she is #1 on my list of people I will take with me
She number 1 on my Cunt List. If I got the oppertunity to cut her in to tiny pieces with a dull chainsaw, I wouldn't lose a bit of sleep over it. 
Ann Coulter is up there too
the pieces could only be so small with a dull one. 
the goal is to cause as much pain as possible. start with the outer extremities, the fingers, the toes. remove them with pliers, one knuckle at a time. then move on the chainsaw for the bigger bones. torso is last, so she stays alive for the majority of the operation. .I really hate Nancy Grace. she's the only person in the world I would even consider torturing like this.

Chainsaws are messy. I'd rather drop her into a cauldron of molten metal and mold her into a statue of a huge dick.
Not drop her, slowly dip her, so she can feel her toes disintegrate in the liquid death, followed by her ankles, feet, legs, until you get right to her filthy cunt. Then you shove her all the way in before she loses consiousness, so that she can feel the molten metal seep into eye sockets, and down her bigoted throat. 
My grandmother watches Nancy Grace..
... she thinks someone is in the room talking to her.
Sundowners?
Nancy "Dis' Grace,  how I loathe this dumb bitch.
That went from clever to not-so-clever, but I don't disagree. 
Hell, Lumberg fucked her...
As a Canadian, I want to thank Americans for providing us with comedy like Nancy Grace. It is like watching monkeys throwing poo at each other and yelling loudly and all of this from the comfort of my computer chair. It is both sad and funny, but a bit more funny. 
I would garner infinitely more joy from watching monkeys flinging poo at one another.  It would also have more of a message to viewers.
The great thing is that she is a lawyer who bent the rules to try making things go in her favor.  .Prosecutorial misconduct
The Supreme Court of Georgia has twice commented on Grace's conduct as a prosecutor. First, in a 1994 heroin-trafficking case, Bell v. State, the Court declared a mistrial, saying that Grace had "exceeded the wide latitude of closing argument" by drawing comparisons to unrelated murder and rape cases.[9] In 1997 the court was more severe, overturning the murder-arson conviction of businessman, Weldon Wayne Carr, in the death of his wife. While the court said its reversal was not due to these transgressions, since the case had turned primarily on circumstantial evidence, it nevertheless concluded "the conduct of the prosecuting attorney in this case demonstrated her disregard of the notions of due process and fairness, and was inexcusable".[10][11] Carr was freed in 2004 when the Georgia Supreme Court ruled unanimously that Fulton County had waited too long to retry him, thereby unfairly prejudicing his right to a fair trial.[12].Despite upholding the conviction she sought, a panel of the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals wrote in a 2005 opinion that they agreed with the magistrate judge who said Grace "played fast and loose" with her ethical duties, "we cannot say that any false testimony clearly rose to the level of a due process violation" and failed to "fulfill her responsibilities" as a prosecutor in the 1990 triple murder trial of Herbert Connell Stephens.[13] The court agreed that it was "difficult to conclude that Grace did not knowingly use testimony" from a detective that there were no other suspects, despite the existence of outstanding arrest warrants for other men.[13]
She also constantly leans on polygraphs without once acknowledging the fact that polygraph results are . admissible in a court of law due in no small part to their unscientific and interpretative nature. Every freshman law student knows this, along with just about every undergrad who has ever been within a hundred feet of a subject relevant to criminal justice. Either she's not a lawyer or she just doesn't give a shit about the law..She constantly abuses the right to remain silent and refusal to undergo polygraphs as some kind of twisted evidence of guilt. The fifth amendment was written . to stop people like her from doing that. She assumes guilt at all times, and when her victims commit suicide she only uses their deaths as further justification for her witch hunting ways. She's no lawyer. She's a fraud and a deviant and the only reason she's on television is, like most media personalities, she couldn't cut it in the real world.
I honestly believe that she doesn't have a soul.  She cares more about winning her argument and being perceived as morally superior than she cares about the proper application of the law.  She's a shit lawyer which is why she's going on TV now.
This should be the top comment. I had always thought her constitutional rights be damned shtick was just an act..Oops.
Lego hair
She got the lego helmet on like Blagoyavich.

#VodkaMom is a pretty awesome hashtag
She drove the woman she was insulting to set herself on fire after weeks of being called a child murderer..Source: 
It's hardly the first time she's . to someone's suicide. 
Wow.  I reserve the word 'hate' for very few people, but this bitch just made the list.
I'm not proud of it, but my story was featured on that show....The producers called me non-stop for an interview but I declined all requests. My only regret is that since they couldn't get any source info from me they used MySpace pictures from about 10 years ago......10 years ago I was about 100 lbs heavier and those pictured aired on nation wide television....

Ugh. I refuse to go on her show.
if you dont mind me asking what was your story?
Long story short....My wife tried to poison me and kept her job after she was charged with a felony.
More story needed please.
Hmmm.... That would give my identity away. 
[deleted]
Long story short....My wife tried to poison me and kept her job after she was charged with a felony.
Are you from Florida and did it involve a tuna sandwich?
Lol no one state north 

Dont you dare....Dont you dare be that vague. Story time. 
Long story short....My wife tried to poison me and kept her job after she was charged with a felony. 
Hey, don't say stuff like that about your wife, she'll bring up that "war on women"
Thankfully she is now my EX
Sounds to me like they did you a favor. If anyone ever asks you "Hey didn't I see you on Nancy Grace?" you immediately know they're an idiot and don't have to communicate with them ever again.
Lol i never thought of it like that! 
Lego brain too. 
Lego bricks integrate into a cohesive whole.
Please, let's stop all of the Lego hate. Pick on MegaBlocks. 

... Hate to say this but the League's schemes are getting pretty half-hearted
Nancy Grace is the worst thing to happen to television. It's like if Honey Boo joined the Jersey Shore and they started a news station. 
Honey Boo Boo never got cited for prosecutorial misconduct.
Or maybe possibly sent innocent people to prison while letting guilty ones go scott free.
Honey Boo Boo Jersey Shore News Hour wouldn't be that bad. It would be news some people would want:.Coming up, we'll investigate the hottest nightclubs with the shortest words and most beetus-tastic foods and condishun-accessible dancefloors and weight rooms!.After that, deep frying tanning salons- has science gone too far, or .I wouldn't mind that kind of show now that I think about it. It's not damaging, and not my cup of tea.
You'd have to be high to watch a show like that.
The best thing was when Elizabeth Smart basically told her to shut up. 
. for context.

What brilliant journalism. How did you feel? You were young! Did you want to be helped? You were afraid, I assume? How did you see out of them foreign head wraps? 
Oh my god, that response right at the end after she gets told to shut up. I've never seen someone be so dismissive yet so demonizing to the same person.
This Elizabeth one, although partially fake, is pretty funny:

"Many people have seen shots of you wearing a burka. How did you . out of that thing?!".There's a giant fucking hole for the eyes you condescending cunt.
That was actually quite boring if you're looking for some drama. If you're looking to watch someone BEGGING someone to take part in sensationalist journalism, it's the perfect clip.
She speaks so slowly..I have no idea who she is but I hate her.
Yeah, "owned" is a bit of an over statement..It was more ."lets talk about how scary your kidnapping was"."No thanks"."You sure?"."Yep"."OK"
Nancy Grace owned herself really. Elizabeth Smart rolling her eyes midway through said it all: "wtf with these questions lady?"
Except at the end where Nancy basically says many victims aren't strong enough to speak out and this young lady must also not be strong enough, even though she's on air trying to push a bill she supports and is clearly just not trying to accrue sympathy for something she's putting behind herself. 
Yeah Nancy's pandering sarcastic reply to that shows a lot about who she really is. What a bitch. 
I hate her 'gentle' voice.   That's the voice I use on the dog when he's extra anxious, not on a human being.
Remind me of . from Donnie Darko
That voice says "I don't think you're strong/good enough to talk to like a normal person, so instead imma treat you like your extremely fragile"
She is the definition of a cunt
I prefer "ankle", since she's three feet BELOW a cunt. 
Judgemental deathcunt - Duncan Trussell
I came in here to post this. I dislike "cunt" as an insult, but it is the perfect word to describe her. The woman cutting you off while talking on her cellphone isn't necessarily a cunt; the coworker avoiding all work and making you pick up the slack isn't necessarily a cunt. Bachmann, Pelosi, Palin, Clinton, etc., aren't necessarily cunts. But Nancy Grace is a cunt. If she isn't, then no one is.

At first my reddit induced dyslexia read that as: She's the . of a cunt. Like, all Cunts end up at a place in their life where they've arrived at Nancy Grace
as t approaches infinity, cunts approach Nancy Grace
This is the single best and most accurate comment I have ever seen regarding her. I wanted to make a joke about uselessness increasing to infinity in both the universe (entropy leading to heat death) and cunts in general (being a cunt leading to being Nancy Grace), but it couldn't compete. 
At least she is recognizing that Zimmerman is hispanic....
However she was quoting a friend of Zimmerman who made that sarcastic statement back when he was still behind bars.

Wait. So she just said that? She didn't have footage of him going there or eating churros?.Isn't that racist? WTF.
That's a fucking ridiculous thing to say, Nancy. .Taco Bell doesn't serve churros.
I wish they did. 
Do they not at your taco bell's location?
Yes they do. I had one yesterday.  .Better than you would expect. Still Taco Bell quality "Mexican" food, but not bad.  .This thread is now about the glory of churros.
The sad thing about the Zimmerman case is everyone else was bending over backwards to out-extreme Nancy Grace.  It was an entire circus of media imps substituting their personal prejudicial assumptions for facts and reality.
Hispanic people eat at Taco Bell?
Whats more Mexican than cheap food? Cant remember which comedian said that..
They don't make legit tacos anywhere at 2am esse
Only the half breeds like Zimmerman. And me. 
My stoner cousin (1st generation born in the USA) wolfs down taco bell like it's going out of style.
Do you know how much shit you can get at Taco Bell for cheap?
Every race eats taco bell. They sell tasty food. You ever had their chicken quesadilla?
Don't talk to me about chicken quesadillas you taco bell pleeb. Beefy Crunch burritos 4 life
those are gross. Had one of those in one of their box specials and i regretted not buying a couple bean burritos instead 
You gotta eat them quick before the fritos get mushy. Plus they are 99 cents. You can't beat that flavor to price ration
Yes.WHen my family from Mexico comes up- they can't get enough Taco Bell.
That is interesting because Taco Bell failed miserably in Mexico. .After an initial failed attempt, they re launched and re branded as "American food" instead of saying they were Mexican food. .It still failed and there are no taco bells in Mexico. 
That makes sense actually. It's completely different than what they're used to..Though I have seen a Taco Bell in Mexico (although it was in Cabo, so it's to be expected). The thought of American tourists going to Mexico and eating Taco Bell kind of made me sad.
Just kind of?
No. Which is why it's funny. Nancy Grace points out that Zimmerman is hispanic by making a completely ignorant, typical gringo statement.

Yeah they do.  Source: Southern California.
She said "eat at Taco Bell" not "work at Taco Bell". Seriously, I'm from San Diego and I have never seen a Mexican eat at Taco Bell.
hey thats our word bitch

"completely ignorant, typical gringo statement"
Good observation, ..
It's ok because I was making fun of white people. 
u wot esse?
2 que es?
 did a great job explaining Nancy Grace.
Haha, that blueshirt dude has the exact expression anybody has watching Nancy Grace.
I do love the excerpts I've seen from this show (Daniels here is to his role in Dumber as Cranston is in Bad to his role in Malcom - two huge surprises I didn't see coming a few years ago). But does anybody find it a little funny that this media criticism is coming, well, through the media? Through television? It's like Apollo Robbins. He'll tell you what he's going to do and how he's going to do it, which surely ought to render the trick impotent. Yet here we are, every one still as much a mark as we were before hand. Selling us back our own condemnation of the media? Well played, media.
Well it is odd, but you can't think of the media as one big organization with its own goals. Individual writers and show creators still have their own opinions that they want to get across in their productions. Using a drama to critique a real talk show is like using a novel to critique a political philosophy. You wouldn't consider one book and its author as being part of the same organization as another book and its author, even if they both use the same publishing company.
This type of stuff makes me feel like we are in the twilight zone. It all seems so obvious what type of manipulation this show creates. How is it that as a majority we are not rejecting this type of "news" and canceling out its influence. It boggles my mind and also makes me feel sad. How bad is news and misinformation going to get before we have had enough? Will the lowest common denominator even know what enough is, since we seem to be a slave to what they think is news.
There will always be gullible people. And people are doubly gullible when it comes to a "reliable" source, such as a news network that's been around for decades. Longevity is legitimacy in most people's minds..Everyone knows that you shouldn't believe something just because you see it on TV. People forget that this also applies to CNN.
Demagoguery and deceptive rhetoric are probably as old as language. Plato, Cicero, Shakespeare, they all saw the mob convinced by emotional appeals and nice rhetoric. .The real difference now is that this kind of bullshit that normally would only go as far as the sound of your voice or even a pamphlet read by thousands of literate men can be broadcast instantly to millions across America and across the world and easily digested by the lowest common denominator..Universal, high quality education is the only way to solve the problem of bad rhetoric. If the public rejected the bullshit, there would be no market for it. Obviously, that's an ideal world that probably won't happen, but it's another reason why good education is vital to democracy. 
What a wonderful find! This has transformed my prior ignorance regarding "news" shows! Commenting to find this golden clip later!
It's definitely worth watching the whole series. . is how the series started.

This just reminded me that season 2 started already and I haven't seen it. Thanks!
The first episode is ok but the first episode of the first season was much better IMO
DefenDAnt
OK, that just made me a fan of Newsroom, time to start watching it.
Season one really rips apart the news media circlejerk... i'm really wondering where they will go from there... I thought this season was gonna be all about the elections but it seems like that's gonna be a subplot 
The first five minutes of the series say it all
One thing's on behalf of sure- you didn't possess inner self from magic..Magicmagic.Magic isn't possible, Jabrone.


You don't happen to have a video for that?
I need a video for that


Worthless cunt.


How does she still have a job?.If I had TV, I wouldn't watch her for more than 2 seconds.   Too many assholes in life to have waste time watching an one that isn't even entertaining on TV.  
She has good ratings..You keep watching her.
I would upvote this a 1000 times
Some doctor walked by her delivery room, saw her being born and said, "Hey look, there's a cunt coming out of some cunt's cunt.

She is so fucking smug too!
For me that's easily the worst part.  It's okay to be wrong.  It's not okay to be smug and wrong.  Or bitchy smug and wrong.
YOUR MOUTH TO GOD'S EAR.
Her sister can't teach accounting either. 
She has a permanently pissy face. 

Nah.... She has neither the warmth nor the depth.
Holy fuck reddit this is in no way clever, smooth or funny. It's only being reposted for shameless karma-grabbing. 
actually it is an obligatory response to the descriptor of "cunt". 
Maybe if that retort gets repeated often enough people will come up with more creative condemnations of Nancy Grace than "cunt".
How about insufferable twat?
See, we're already making progress.

Never heard that one before on here
Es mi dia primero. 
Welcome to 30 years ago.
Masterful.
Nancy grace talking about a 17 year old caught having consensual sex with his 16 year old girlfriend "jail time! how much jail time can we get this kid" 
Source?
I saw it on the Nancy Grace show a while ago, I don't remember when. My wife likes to watch crap on tv while I'm dicking around on my phone I started noticing the crazy talk and paid attention for a moment.
I see. I know she's fucking crazy so I don't think you're  lying or anything. I was just hoping for a video clip or something since she makes me cringe to watch. 
Yeah I find it difficult to be in the same room as the show when it's on my tv. Just her voice makes my genitals want to jump up inside my body and hide. 
In England both those "kids" are legally old enough to have fun. 
If you told that to Nancy Grace her head would explode
Yes but in some us states you can be put on the sex offenders registry for having consensual sex with a minor, even if you are within a year of their age.  Usually the state declines to prosecute in such cases, but many instances exist of angry parents pushing the state to prosecute the boy who "violated their daughter", even when it was consensual..Source: degree in criminal justice, and I live in Texas
Gap law.

Depending on the state, could be no jail time. Only like 10 states have legal sexual status at 18, and pretty much everywhere it doesn't get far in court with a 1 year difference. Shit I had sex with my 16 year old girlfriend after I just turned 17, she's in the same grade as me and I don't see the big deal. 
Age of consent and legal age aren't the same thing. Plus most states have a gap law for minors in relationships where one becomes legal before the other to protect them from stuff like that.
When I said "legal sexual age" I meant age of consent. And yes, normally the gap is normally around 3 years. 
Where I live, the gap is two years minus one day.
Yes but in other states you can be put on the sex offenders registry for having consensual sex with a minor, even if you are within a year of their age.  Usually the state declines to prosecute in such cases, but many instances exist of angry parents pushing the state to prosecute the boy who "violated their daughter", even when it was consensual..Source: degree in criminal justice, and I live in Texas
My favorite was the one of two teens of the same age, both 16, having consensual sex and then the boyfriend got put on the sex offenders registry because the parents of the daughter were ducks about it all. I wanna say this was in California but I can't remember.
In those sorts of cases its usually the parents who make it happen, but it can be hard to tell sometimes.

Texas has a Romeo and Juliet law, so I have no idea why you bring that up. 
From what I remember, Texas has a Romeo and Juliet "policy", a codified legal recommendation that encourages officials not to prosecute if the offenders are within two or three years of each other and they had consensual sex.  However I could be wrong and it could be a law.  .edit: I am wrong.
You are wrong. You can still be charged, but Texas law allows for an affirmative defense if the accused is not more than 3 years older than the victim and the victim is 14 or older. 
Interesting.  I stand corrected.
They kill themselves? 
They wear tight tights.
They bite their thumb at me, sir.
You know, I honestly have managed to avoid ever seeing her on TV and only have via youtube//other footage of what she does..I'd have to say, this one sums it up the best
I love how stupid she thinks we all are.."The radiation reaching the U.S. is 1/1,000,000,000 the amount it would take to harm us."."Yeah but are you going to trust . when your KIDS LIVES ARE AT STAKE?"
Why does. she.  talk like.  William. Shatner?
So that her viewers can pretend they understand what she's saying and agree with it..But really, talking like that comes off as condescending. It makes you sound like you're sure of what you're saying and that (you think) you're smart. This probably helps convince her viewers that she knows what she's talking about.
I can see why she stopped being a trial lawyer and decided that tv was her calling.  To dumb and needs lots of attention.
Please someone put up a mirror :(
Never argue with an idiot. They'll drag you down to their level, and beat you with experience.
Oh my fucking god. Not only can't she speak properly, she's a colossal thundercunt.  
This will always be my favorite Nancy grace moment.I have never seen her show.
Sure, but . is, in my opinion, the best argument that she is just a horrible person. 
So her strategy is: .Why do people agree to be on her show if they now she'll be a stubborn, stupid bitch?
$$$
Let's hope that she just had a bad day...
She's betting a hair-do beats a weatherman.
Sounds like she has a stuffy nose.
New plewms of smewk from tew of the newclear reactors affecting our fewd
First time for me too! That accent seems to have no anchor in a real-life place. Like maybe Fargo meets Montgomery meets slight speech impediment? Someone help me out here.
I seriously hope this woman has been struck with a brick at some point in her life to make her this stupid. If this is natural, I pray she never reproduces. 
They don't think it be like it is, but it do?.
... or.
Did she died?.
... or.
?
YES!  I was saying this the other day on here.  That's all I ever think of when I see her on TV.  She's  a pathetic excuse for a new reporter..  Or whatever it is she does. 
You are quite fortunate to not have grandparents that have this damn lady on TV almost every time someone goes missing or is murdered. My grandma follows that stuff like its crack to her eyes and ears. She doesn't like Nancy Grace, but yet she still watches her, because she's loud and angry and my grams is hard of hearing. 
Wow I couldn't even watch it. Her voice annoyed me so much I could barely stand it. Then I processed the context of what she was saying and noped out of there. I had never seen her on tv before. 
God damn that woman has the most "punch me in the fucking face" tone i have ever heard.  Couldn't get past the first 45 seconds of that..Every time i see something like this on reddit makes me glad i dont waste money on cable.
Is there a nancy grace is a cunt sub?
She's such a twat. I can not stand that woman. 
A blog I read had this opening sentence to a post about her today, "Normally Id call this a palate cleanser, but since its Nancy Grace, its more like someone taking a dump in your brain."
Lol at work.
She is an idiot.
She really needs to know when she's simply not qualified to voice an opinion on a topic.  

I guess no one has told her that's theres probably a . already in her house.
Or that she herself is radioactive. 
Your bananas are radioactive.
I feel stupider after watching that.
Now I have cancer. I'm not sure if it is because of this woman, or if the radiation from Fukushima reached me by way of salt spray.
One thing's for sure- you didn't get it from magic..Magic isn't real, Jabrone.
Best interest flawlessly far-off. Its a pronunciative hum line of action.
That's a cool word!
Okay. I'd never even heard of Nancy Grace before reddit, and was sure the hatred of her was overblown..Not so much anymore.
She has one of the highest rated cable news programs. 
So I hear.
Holy shit..... My faith in humanity is gone. 
The only time I've ever agreed with a top youtube comment:
The amount of stupid in that woman is painful
Hey! From your mouth, to Gods ear!
God has ears? Checkmate atheists.
magic's not real!
What does that mean?  It went in my ear, does that mean I am God?  I know I'm not God, because the first thing I would do is smite that cunt.  
Oh jesus, what a fear mongering dumb cunt. Who the hell put her on TV? Do people in the US actually choose to watch her for anything besides condescending laughter?
My parents would watch her every day, I can't stand it. Whenever they turned her on the tv I would just grab my laptop and leave the room while complaining about her stupid voice...
I worked in a factory-type job and would usually try not to eat in the lunch room because they played Nancy Grace and some other show that's like the male version of her. And I don't mean they had it on that channel... the same handful of the same episodes repeated all day.
Geraldo? He seems a decent analogue.
No and in all honesty, I didn't give whoever it was a chance to prove he wasn't obnoxious. Maybe whoever it was isn't as bad as Nancy, but between her and the news that sounded made up, I didn't bother.
More likely Glenn Beck. Pudgy, pasty, supercilious, arrogant, condescending and wrong about nearly everything of consequence.
I believe that's who it was now that I see the name.
I certainly front watch her, I think it's all the paranoid old and uneducated people that do.
If I want to get pissed off, I just switch on HLN and Im set

She was better back in her earlier days on CourtTV. I mean, the crazy bitch angle was always kind of her thing, but the mainstream channels really like to push the absurd, caricature personalities up to 11..Whether its a matter of acting or just loosening the reins is anyone's guess.
Our regular news stations are trying to cover the same things she does because she has so much higher ratings actually. 
Most of us don't, we have crazy people, wherever you are from, you probably have crazy people, we're a bigger country (probably, I don't know where you're from), so we get more attention, and they're . more visible.
at one time, a large enough portion of the population was considering santorum to be their president.  these were people who were for real, and not trolling the vote.  scary, isn't it?
I read somewhere that someone who hates a personality tends to watch/listen to their show almost twice as long as someone who likes them. Not sure how true it is, but there is still profit in a love-to-hate personality. 
"The opposite of love isn't hate; it's indifference." .People who "hate" Nancy Grace are just embarrassed viewers. The rest of us forget she exists (until she makes the first page).
Semantics. 
I think he was agreeing with you and building upon your point, not arguing.
Oh, ok, thanks for the heads up. 
According to recent ratings scores, only 440,000 out 300 million Americans. For anything besides condescending laughter or similar bemusement not related to the absorption of news though, I'm not quite sure. 100,000 maybe? 
the howard stern effect
exactly. they even used to promote their show to advertisers.
with stern i started listening because it was outrageous what he was doing and saying but as i heard more i got the humor in it and had to hear what he said next.but with people like hannity,hucklebee,limbaugh I deff do hate-watch. its interesting to see someone be such a prick sometimes. Glenn Beck used to give me the same feelings but I totally believe he is just doing an act has i not sincere at all
And the other 340,000 TVs are airport lobbies and doctor's offices.
and 1 one them my high school forensic science teacher. That woman LOVED to watch Nancy Grace the last 5 mins of class...
She has people call into her show on a regular basis. She has an actual audience, and they are every bit as crazy as she is..In fact, I'm willing to bet that after the linked segment, she had more than one caller who thanked her for correcting the 'stupid weatherman'.
so... not unlike the redditors who . to correct professionals in their field?

So here is the million dollar question. Is her show more of a cause or effect of a large portion of our population being scared and paranoid?
Yes.  
Best answer so far. Its a positive feedback system.
I don't think himself went inebriated idiot.  That's subconscious self default setting.
See rush limbaugh
So does he make his listeners dumber or is he simply a reflection of the dumb his listeners already are and nothing is changing? .Its the classic "does media influence culture or is media simply a reflection of culture?"
Both. and he knows it. He may have wised up over the years but he knows playing the game will make some money
It is a multi-billion dollar question. People only watch her because our education system has failed us. All the money we sink into education and people like her get on TV while others lap up her bullshit as if it is truth. 
Watch "The Newsroom". It's a show about a news team that tries to be above the bullshit and lack-of-information fear mongering that the news is today. It's pretty good. Unfortunately it is also fictional. 
My favorite part was when she explained to him there's no such thing as magic.
She's just a trial lawyer.
"Magic isn't demonstratable, and you're going against express to psych in consideration of my highest point the old man for suggesting otherwise.".Wtf. . .
she was a trial lawyer.  she was disbarred for her bullshit.
I guess she knows that's a lie then?

I'm pretty sure this isn't true. One can't get disbarred for "bullshit" either. 
yeaaa....except she wasn't.
personally, i think her limbic system is so inflamed that she doesn't know her ass from a hole in the ground.  tell that to god's ear.
People who just so openly "flaunt" their J.D. make me throw up a little in my mouth.
People that still say that make me want to throw up in their mouths.
Calm down
i can never sit through a clip of this vile woman long enough to get to the good stuff.
Her voice makes me want to punch babies. 
I just experienced the same thing....
Understandable, she makes me feel quite ill and sad for the planet.  Basically the meteorologist (the dude who understands what he's talking about due to specializing in it) is explaining to Nancy why the radiation from Japan will not harm americans, Nancy yells at him that the radiation in Japan was bad and americans should be getting angry (probably, hard to tell), he responds that based on the distance, and dispersion, no harmful amount will get to the america, that harmful radiation won't magically appear in California from Japan, Nancy then explains very loudly that magic isn't real, that it's all a slight of hand and misdirection.
my eyes and ears thank you kindly. i got the gist of what unfolded while gathering clues from the rest of this comment thread, and because i felt the need to witness it for myself, i honestly tried ONE more time to get to that part in the clip, but i'm pretty sure my brain just shut down in an act of self-preservation.
hahah yeah really. he's trying to tell her that radiation doesn't just magically appear and she takes that as a golden opportunity to explain to him that magic isn't real. THAAAANKS Nancy. 
she is just so obsessed with being an authority figure and being taken seriously, that she is willing to literally say anything.
"From your mouth to God's ear.".What the hell is that even supposed to mean!? 

It means, "I'm just a lil ol' triahl lahwyer but God's gonna git you fer wrecking my Fear Hour"
She's trying to tell him that he is going to have to answer to God for lying about magic.  Maybe we should send her to the Middle East to teach them magic isn't real.  Give her less than a day before she is accused of witchcraft and sentenced to death.
That expression means "I hope you're right". More accurately, it's saying "I hope God heard you and agrees." For example:."I'm sure the surgery will go fine."."Oh, from your mouth to God's ear."

I've never heard that phrase used in a non-sarcastic context..Is it often?
That sounds ...frighteningly intimidating.
Huh. I've never heard that phrase before. Guess Arkansans don't talk to God's ear too often. 
Never heard it either, but they sure do like some God.
someone school this person please
Woo pig!
It's also used to say that god knows when you're lying so watch it.
Arkansan here. .We love us some Jeebus, what are you talkin' about? 
If you were a comedian, would you be a Comic Arkansans?
(I'm so very sorry)
"Magic isn't real, and you're going to have to answer to my sky daddy for suggesting otherwise.".Wtf. . .

Why? (I'm not besides according to Hoyle at this.)
As a Texan from the Bible Belt, she is what we like to refer to as a crazy fucking liar that needs to be taken out back and shot.
As a Texan, I can confirm this. 

Texas is a fucked up place.
Not really.  It is actually a very nice place to live.  Great quality of life, cheap fuel, relatively cheap real estate, most growth in jobs created in the last 4 years.  Yeah, it's fucked up, but a great place.
that's a strange colloquialism 
He added on the crazy fucking liar part. Taken out back and shot I've heard a million times.
Dana Carvey playing Ross Perot
I grew up in the country.  Nearest city was 70 miles away in Austin.  We came up with some weird shit.
Wow, she went full retard.
She . full retard.
You never go full retard. This explains a lot.
So has reddit.
Filthy fucking swamp monster.
Short trip.
She was born that way.
No, it's probably Maybelline. 
Only the old stuff that still has lead in it.
She's been drinking it.
I don't think she went full retard.  That's her default setting.
She's approximately a trial lawyer.
This is no surprise considering the fashion in which she's handled herself recently. At least she's consistent: all the sensitivities and intelligence of a brick.
My dad watches her for some unknown reason and I want to punch a hole in the tv screen every time I see her face..Edit: Whole/hole yadda yadda.
My dad had hln on xm while driving home from a Yankee game and when i turned her show off he wanted it back on. Yet he calls her a cunt every time her name comes up... 
Can you watch the hole show?

I would watch her hole show 
My dad does the same thing.  He gets mad as well, so I'm very confused to as why he watches. The best part is the fact that in her promos she either uses photoshop or an old photo to hide how much of a fat piece of shit she is!
It's hateporn. I'm guilty of watching a little O'Reilly occasionally. Just to enjoy hating him so much.
That's true. Sometimes I watch to try and understand how people get sucked into it.

I've seen O'Reilly a couple of times and stopped watching soon after. Most recently I've seen him on the Daily Show and that guy is such an ass.
You never go full retard.

I don't think she has any choice in the matter.
Can't go where you've always been.
"she used to go full retard, she still does, but she used to, too."
she did

She has always been
Without doubt. 
It is known.
Indubitably! 
Botox doesn't crack either
Dammit.  I guess I will see you inside as well then.
First one is on me. 
now shake it
That baby likes to do the puppy eyes a lot!
Fuck this goddamn repost.
Every day...come on

What in the actual fuck?

KANEDA!!!!!

That is terrifying. 
Dad must of pulled a Peter Griffin and wondered how it felt to breast feed...kids just seen some shit

It looks like he dives back into it when it loops.
I didn't think that anyone actually did that...until my grandpa tried to breast feed a half dozen puppies.
Well if it has nipples, you can milk it...
DONT SCARE THE SHIT OUT OF ME LIKE THAT. ITS DARK AND 2AM HERE.
It looks exactly like I looked as a kid...
REMEMBER ME EDDIE??? .WHEN I . YOUR BROTHER, .I TALKED 

I'm not bad I'm just drawn that way.
Wow, even the same formatting..What a douche.
Anyone else think that baby looks like Nemo?
oh you mean little baby harpo
this is ehat bored Op faggots do, repost.
I thought his eyes were falling out when I first looked at it. I wanted to say you are a horrible father, now all I can say is carry on.
Keep your kid away from the acid!
I have this user tagged as "reposting douchenozzle".  You should too.

Where can I get these, my wife is 5 months pregnant and I need to do this when our son is born. 
With my luck, the googly eyes would end up in the baby's mouth and he would choke. I have horrible luck.
Nope! Chuck Testa!
REPOST
I can only think of Roger Rabbit when I see this.
World's biggest googly eyes?  Or world's smallest baby?
Instead of bitching about the repost, why not downvote it and move on? Just because YOU have seen it, doesn't mean EVERYONE else has. 
googly eyes aint that funny.. it's kinda seen before by now lol
I like to put googly eyes on my plants, myself. Especially the ferns. I don't trust them.
repost much?
If you google image, "baby" this comes up on the first page. I need to explain to my freaked out 2 year old every time, "No monkey, that isn't real."
Now just shake it.
it looks like he took some of that black beauty ecstasy
Oh.. so one of Nemo's siblings did survive!
Googly eyes, making people like . entertained since 2013.

Reposting slutbag.
Ugoo!! Kawaii!!
now just shake it a bunch and watch the eyes jiggle! 
He has such ., how will he ever get contacts!?
MY BRAND!
If you want more googly eye shenanigans, head on over to .! A small and underloved sub. 
_
Now shake for instant hilarity! Side effects include instant regret and manslaughter charges.
I have this guy tagged in my RES as a reposter. 
Lolllllllllllllllllllllll
I had a friend in high school who would blame everything he did on being "bored". It got really obnoxious.
They give reposted LSD to their kids? Awesome.
Reminds me of this:
It's even funnier when you shake him.
Bro, I think she cheated...
lmao
Are those really big googly eyes? Or are babies really that tiny? no joke, I'm an only child, infrants are more foreign to me than well.. anything
What's the best source for these fake eyes?
Example 358 of why I need to get myself some giant googly eyes to stick on things.
At my funeral instead of coins to pay the ferryman of the river Styx, I want googly eyes to be placed over my closed eyelids, so nobody can stop laughing and the whole affair turns into an excuse for all my friends and relations to get drunk together and talk about all the times I was an asshole.
Repost 

bored dads repost?
Woahwoahwoah, OP never said he were the dad. The actual dad put googly eyes on his son because he were bored ... sooo yeah.. title makes perfect sense 
My brain!!


This makes me truly realize how long and horrible burning alive would be
Why does this exist???
I saw this whilst listening to Arch Enemy. Day = Made.
because satan
This was such a repost my link was still purple.
mine too... which made me question my sanity because i was sure i hadn't seen this picture today yet. 
Same here - I usually don't complain about reposts but this is some lazy shit.
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
Amazing how many fathers one kid can have
It is said that Victory has 1000 fathers and defeat is an orphan...
"I get boobs and you don't. So fuck off."
Cycling to offset smoke damage on lungs - in real time.

haha YMCA! 
Why do you think they are always doing silly coordinated activities... it all started with the YMCA!
Who is that riding with Kim???
Only his best friend, Dennis Rodman!
Do I see this in the back?.PS: very good painting, do you have a website or something?
You tricked me...
I don'y understand how the US news agencies haven't reported this yet.
Is this 9gag?
No its Something we Asia..oh shut the fuck up
A little surprised that no one has brought up that sex isn't a noun.
Swag refers to valuable goods, often obtained illegally. Just because your friend has a bag of swag does not make him a pirate (although the patch and wooden leg might say otherwise).
Stupid wiggers are gay
Ahh.. Young Blake Griffin
She will automaticly gag.
Secretly we are gay

I don't hang out with people that use that word.
Stuff We All Get
... it... its a verb...
Jokes on you OP 
But I'm a girl.....so 
That just makes it hotter. 
Why is this getting posted daily?
He robs me. Every. Goddamn. Time.
Time to carbo load!
lol, at my gym there is a Dominos, McDonalds and Starbucks across the street. I am staring right at all three while running on the treadmill. Sometimes, I like to imagine I am running to them
You wrecked my boat you goons
"BOATS AND GARDEN TOOLS!"
Mumbo Jumbo anyone? :D
aye.
yup
He might just own a landscaping company. 
Yep...it's on his back window.  Had to look after your comment.  Thanks
Happy 10,000th karma point!
This is Mumbo Jumbo's boat.
I'VE TRAVELED 500 MILES TO GIVE YOU MY SEED
We all know this song, because the movie was based on Redditors...worldwide!!!
My dad's boat is called "Slippery when wet." He is the biggest perv I know.
Boats and ., eh?
He wont go down cuz his dick can float!
The Nina, The Pinta, The Santa Maria, I'll do ya in the bottom, while yer drinking Sangria. Nachos, Lemonheads, and my dad's boat, you wont go down cause my dick can float. We sail around the world and go port to port, every time I come I produce a quart. Put on ya life vests let's drop anchor, there's a nice lady, oh, I'd like to swank her. Boat's N Hoes, Boats N Hoes, I gotta have me my Boats N Hoes (x2)..Deadliest Catch, without the crabs, we're almost out of gas, call the 
A-rabs! I'm a pussy pirate my name is jack sparrow, take off my pants so you can see my flesh arrow! Make sure to wax, use ya mom's Nair, you'll be amazed when I come in your hair! Pull up the anchor cause we're leaving dry land, get below deck with a dick in yo' hand.

Gardening supplies? 
Should have called it "Yeeeeeeah Buoy!" 
OP would you mind telling me where this photo was taken? I have a boat that looks like this in my hometown just wondering if it's the same one..Thanks
Hamilton
Then it is the same boat!
I saw it on one of the side streets parked, I believe it was Summerlea (near mohawk and Upper kennilworth)
Yep right in my neighborhood as well!
We literally live less than 5 minutes away from eachother then!
I'm by upper Wellington 7-11 :D
Ok, so maybe a bit more than five minutes, but I'm near the Mohawk/Upper Kenilworth area. Who would have thought I met a fellow Hamiltonian today!
Ooh, fancy area! .In any case, I didn't think anyone in Hamilton reddited (is that the right verb?) 
Hmm I think so haha
And me neither, it's weird to walk around and look at people and think, .Other than me and my brother, I don't know of any other Redditors in my area.
Tbh, I walk around thinking I hope these people . subbed to ones I am, lol.


Yes or no?  Will you give us 10 thousand dollars?
deadliest catch without the crabs, almost out of gas so call the Arabs!
The Nina, The Pinta, The Santa Maria! We do you on the bottom while we drinkin' sangria.
In*
Nachos and lemon heads on my dad's boat! We won't go down cause my dick can float!
<<PRESTIGE WORLDWIDE>>
Wide
HAHAHA
holy shit ... the NSA is everywhere.
Whip me up a salami pizza.
Sometimes, you just got to masturbate in the back of a pizza parlor.
Even my undergrad pchem textbook didn't pretend to be introductory. At least in grad school you're mostly just learning stuff you'll actually use.
This sign is bad and it makes me feel bad. =(
I want to mock just one part of it, but I can't figure out which bit is worst.
Classy?  Where are this man's sock suspenders?  He will be serving afternoon tea for the rest of the chaps this afternoon and no mistake.
10/10 WOULD WEAR
Berries and cream, berries and cream! I'm a little lad who loves berries and cccrreeeaaaaaammmmmmmm!
Why don't you come to Alabama and we can talk about it.
That 78 F must be brutal.
You should have seen Wall Street in the 80's.
I went to Bermuda and everybody was dressed like this.  Thousands of people walking around the streets.  It was surreal
Oh man, today is a cool day here, thank goodness.  Only 105 degrees F with a wildfire fire.  There is something so strange and beautiful when it snows ash during a fire.  I think the smoke is shielding us from the sun.  I mean, I'm no expert, but it feels cooler. By the way, that guy.....is awesome. Completely and utterly cool.
Nope. No ya don't.
 is a heatwave for you?  70s-80s sounds delightful!  . is my town right now :(
Man,  Angus Young looks like shit these days.
Play on, player!
Awww hell no.
you mispelled Londonerds

Mad dogs and Englishmen, yo.
All too well unfortunately. Bloody southerners!
You guys do realize that 86 F is a PLEASANT day in America ?.Its not even considered  "hot" unless it tops 95 F ( 35 C ).Seriously.
He looks very smart indeed. 
Don't hide from a T-Rex in the bathroom. 
lulz 100 degrees =D come to arizona right now
The knee high socks don't make it hotter?
Dress like Angus Young
Angus Young?
heat wave huh? puuuhhhleassssee, what did it crack 25 C? My shoes are sticking to the asphalt because the tread is melting
the temperature on the trains past few days has been unbearable
Heatwave? I just got back from London, and I'd say it's more like a . wave. I used to live in Phoenix, Arizona, one of the hottest cities in North America, and I never had as much trouble dealing with the heat there as I did in London. I'd start to perspire just walking down the street.
Clearly OP has never been to Bermuda.
Now I just live next to my fan, we have a good working relationship.
"heatwave"

Angus Young is still alive! Now if we can just get him back on the vocals.
I work in government in Florida, I wish the legislature would wise up and go with a business casual dress code, at least during the summer.
They look like DVT (flight) socks
He's back in black
Isn't there a British territory where this is (or was) common and socially acceptable?

Ridiculous!...everyone knows you're not supposed to wear white socks with a black suit
Jolly good show chap. Nice socks.
There's nothing classy about white socks with a dark suit. 
FOR THOSE ABOUT TO ROCK...(EXPLOSION)...
Keeping it Bermudian. I like it.
..Or South Africa
...guitar.
As a Floridian, I looked up the weather in London right now to see what was considered a heatwave. It's 75 degrees (24 C). That's winter to me. 
It's been hitting 30 C for a few days now. Not particularly hot, but it's pretty unusual - a bit like when it's below freezing for a few days in a row in the winter..It happens so rarely that we just aren't ready for it - our buildings aren't designed to provide shade, and very few homes have air con.
Ahhh yes, I always forget that cities where heat is unusual rarely have air conditioning. It's funny what you get used to temperature-wise. A 30 C day here would be hailed as a beautiful, glorious break in the summer weather. 
guitar and pen pad...And I call myself a fan...
You misspelled your misspelled... and you're a jackass...
Photoshop harder.
good one! Florida!
As an ex-pat I'm finding this very funny. Its projected to be 105F at the inland California locations and Bay Area this weekend.
White socks with dress shoes? I think not!
Lol, "heatwave." 

My bedroom peaked at 52c today (125f.), I live in the UK.
That's not right, no Englishman should have to suffer like that.
Kings Cross? 
Looks like interchange from h&c/met to Victoria,  piccadilly and northern. 
That has my vote. I thought it was and checked if anyone else shared my view.
Yup! Main ticket hall and Euston Road exit too. Also a walkway to King's Cross Railway.
nahh he's a newsreader 
White socks are only for sports !
Yeah, I'd have gone with dark socks.
he needs longer socks
yeah when you guys have over 100 days during the year over 100. then you can complain... 
LOL @ 89
Is that Englishman wearing white socks with black shoes. I thought only those silly colonials did such things
Cockney scum.
Scum floats at the top.
Weigh him down with a cinder block then. Jeez, amateur hour over here...
Yea "heat wave". I just spent a week there and was like winter in Texas.
By heatwave, you mean 80 degrees..right?
heat wave? I just checked London weather, is 90 degrees today and will stay 80-90 for the next week..Its fucking 110 here. Your "heat wave" a god damned pleasant summer day here, quit bitching. 
[deleted]
This is why the US and Australia have this incredible bromance going on. Picking on the UK. 
get your teeth fixed !!
90? Son, we get that every day here in Florida.
And we Texans wear jeans year round
london doesn't have a clue what heat is.
Ha. Your heatwave is our warm spell.
omg heatwave isnt it like 30 degrees? 
That is not classy. That is tacky as fuck. Angus Young wannabe. 
Hottest place Ive been to is Balsas in northern Brazil..45degC at night, will never forget...
"heatwave" come to Texas and I'll show you a heat wave. 
They're trying to make up for hundreds of years of wearing ridiculous outfits in the heat.
Most Australians are asleep but many would look at this wondering why their school principal is in the UK. 
FTFY
I believe that photo is taken approaching the UK border control at Gatwick airport, so actually they aren't even necessarily a Londoner.
'Fraid I have to disagree with you, old chap, I believe that's King's Cross station, walking away from the Circle Line/Metropolitan Line/H'smith & City Line platforms, towards the exit/Piccadilly Line/Victoria Line escalators (I'll be there again in 6 hours, and am now thinking I'd look pretty good in Bermuda shorts :-)
Looks like Angus from AC/DC
Thunderstruck! wa na na na na na na Thunder!
Ok , how old is this picture OP? I saw that man get off the Stansted Express at Tottenham Hale a year or two ago dressed exactly like that. Weird..I'm positive its him. Should have taken a photo and get me some of dat good karma
I saw suit shorts all over Europe this summer. It's a thing. A disgusting, heinous, thing. 

Nothing, about short pants, is considered classy!
Are there buckles on his shoes?
Angus Young's back in town then?!
I own a trumpet case that looks like that
He's clearly a news anchor.
In Japan, people just agree to stop wearing ties to save on air conditioning costs.
You have no idea what the word 'cockney' means, do you.
32C = 89 F lol
I live in Houston, but I realize if there is not A/C in most buildings it can be terrible. I went to NY once and it was 95 F or 35 C and I hadnt been that hot since my no AC Honda CRX when I first turned 16.  I remember those days of driving in my boxers and bringing changes of clothes and wipes and those old spice refresh wipes.  One day I decided to embrace the heat and just turned my heater on and acted like I was in a dry sauna at the gym, it surprisingly felt better.  Stupid brain. 
Up vote for the CRX. Stuck to my Faux leather seats (in my 1990 crx) on the way home from work today.
Makes you proud to be british
And glad you're not from London.
I'm fed up listening to the colonialists bitching about us not enjoying the heat.
Fact is, Britain is not made for heat like this.
Everything is designed to keep us warm and dry.
We're not used to it, why is that such a hard concept to get?
We're used to year round mild but wet weather. Britain as a rule doesn't like any extremes. .If you grow up in something you become accustomed to it.
As an Englishman, I find the size of the USA, Canada and Australia staggering. You lot are used to it.
A good friend who was an American found how it shocking that a lot of the roads in my (granted, rural) area of the UK are only wide enough for 1 car. We're used to that..Different people are used to different shit.
Get over it.
A lot of the bridges in my area are just now being upgraded from 1 car bridges. There are plenty of tiny back roads in the US..And you think that we don't have wet and cold places here? Midwest is damp and cold from Feb through June. 
I can't help but feel you've missed the point!.I know the US have damp and cool places (though thr weather in the midwest could not be any more different to the good old British weather!)
I know plenty of rural America has small roads! 
The point is that if you've lived with something for a while, it becomes normal to you. 
Why complain because it's not normal to someone else?
What.
It's tounge in cheek my friend, sorry if it offended. 
Wife lives in London, I'm joining her shortly.  The summers there are GENERALLY mild.  But when the heat does hit, very few places have A/C and it is hard to cope because as you said England is just not set up for it.   You spend most of the time fending off the rain and cold so you're not accustomed to it.  I guarantee you I see all the Americans bitching about the heat - we just do it a couple months earlier when it starts to hit.  We're adjusted by this point in the season so it seems silly to many but even still the weather right now is particularly warm for many areas.  Sucks when your swimming pool is 86* - doesn't offer much cooling properties.
Bermuda.
Get over it, that's barely getting hot.
Wait, 32C is  a heatwave?.I walk to work in a suit every day and it's 32C in the morning!.To be fair, thoughit's absolute hell.
cute.
For England. 32 C only happens when the sun would swallow the earth.
And then it still would be raining.
Got down to the mid 80's early this week in north Texas and I had to put on a shirt for warmth.
TIL London and Florida have different standards for "heat wave". Here we call 3 days in the 90's May.
Yes, but you guys have air conditioning everywhere. I have seen your so called "heat", I had to bring a jacket with me to put on when I entered buildings. In London buildings have all been designed for the cold months, so we suffer far more when it gets hot.
You're not very smart, are you? 
You're fairly humorless aren't you, pardon me, humourless?
Oh, you were making a joke? I sincerely thought you were an idiot. Hard to tell, really. 
No worries, lacking a sense of humor makes it difficult to tell when others are joking. Knock, knock jokes must enrage you," I can see you, there is no bloody door there!".
Well obviously it was such a great joke. Sitting pretty at -3 points. What a humorist you must be. The fault obviously lies on the recipient of the joke. No fuck you, your joke sucked. 
This hot weather really has you on edge huh? Whatever happened to the whole stiff upper lip thing? And don't you mean humourist?
lol what? i don't even live in the UK. just stop posting.
So where is the study abroad program British student? If you aren't a mod your requests mean nothing to me. It is just as ridiculous to bitch about 3 days in the 30's in July as people calling 3 days of freezing weather in January in Florida an Arctic blast, and I will call them out too.

I DO NOT UNDERSTAND FAHRENHEIT!
"What do the mid 1980s have to do with...? -- Oooooh."
Haha brain malfunction 
About 30C
Woah...that's hot...
Almost no residential properties have air conditioning, nor do many offices (mine has some crappy, noisy mobile units that give you a headache). Public transport is also a bit shitty.
"Public transport is also a bit shitty".Ladies and gentlemen, presenting the understatement of the year... :)
I crave that whoosh you get when a tube train goes past. Its like hanging out in a kiln. A sweaty smelly kiln.
So you thought London and Florida had the same climate?
Apparently they do. Although since climate is a collection of long term medians this doesn't show that Florida has more extreme weather, colder in winter, hotter in summer, way more rain (which actually helps moderate summer temps but produces the air with a consistency of syrup).
Obviously one of Angus Young's relatives
Looks more like Angus Old to me.
"Barely getting hot" - You're talking about a country that has everything designed to keep people warm & dry when the shit weather hits for the other 10 months of the year. It's not as simple as getting over it.
Exactly.
I live in the Central Valley of California where it gets hot as FUCK in the summer. Here's a strategy to deal with heat when there's no air conditioner:.In the early morning when it's still cool, open all the windows and doors. Let the cool air flow through you (burr hurr hurr). When it starts warming up . everything and draw the shades. Turn on oscillating fans and don't bake anything. That will keep the interior of your house cool (given you have decent insulation in your house which you probably do to keep in heat) through the heat of the day. 
You mean 11.75 months
I appreciate the advice, but what's making the heat seem more intense (certainly in my area) is the fact there is no wind at all. It's so still.
The cool temps just seep into your home; there doesn't need to be a breeze.
Open all your windows and door. Yeah.... I live in London and I'd like to keep my possessions.
So people will come into your home while you're there in broad daylight and just take your shit? It sounds like you have more problems than just a heat wave.
You'd be surprised, as a fellow Londoner this has happened to a few of my elderly neighbours.
Do you guys not have enough police? Why is that type of thing so common?
I live in one of the more deprived areas in London, so crime rates are higher and people hold less respect for the authorities. My road in particular is a little side road leading to nowhere of significance so police presence is practically non existent as they all patrol the main roads. Not that police presence makes a difference to some people. Also my road is predominantly elderly people so an easier target for opportunists.
:( I hope you can move into a better neighborhood some day.
Well depends in which areas of London you live in, but in general it's best not to leave windows and doors obviously open.
Damn. Maybe just the back windows then if you have a back garden...
Yeah or windows other than ground floor ones
Exactly, all the people saying it's not even hot will have air con in every single room. 
It's barely hot in aus we get those temperatures a lot we don't have aircon in house. We just put on our shorts and sweat it out.
Exactly. Having recently been to the states, yes it's a lot damn hotter and much more humid, but everything, even the busses have AC, so as long as you remain indoors it's fine. We can't escape!
My apartment up until I moved a couple week ago had no air conditioner and routinely got to the mid 90s F (~34 C) every day of the summer.  You just gotta sweat it out and drink lots of water.
It's expected to hit 38C in Houston this week (though it's been hotter recently). It's not so bad, since Houston is the most air conditioned city in the world. Oh, and also we have tunnels under almost all of downtown so that people can walk from building to building without having to leave the air conditioning.
Boom.
According to this article I just found, over 70% of Australians have air con.
I guess I'm in that 30%. 
ITT: A bunch of folks from warm climates that are laughing and saying stuff to the effect of "lol heatwave"..Maybe it's not hot for you guys, but us from northern climates will be laughing at you when it gets down to 10C (50F) and you're sobbing about how "cold" it is..Watch as Australia or the southern States shut down when a snowflake is seen.
except London can't deal with either. They freak out over a little heat, sure, but I was in London one time when it snowed under an inch and it was pandemonium. They graveled the streets, businesses were closed down, people were walking down the middle of the streets, it was an insane reaction for 1/2-3/4 inch.
Yeah, that doesn't happen in London at all....I'm from Atlanta (living in London).  I'm used to warming the car up in the winter because its 27F, and wearing shorts sweat rolling down my ass crack because its 95+ in the summer..There's a Daniel Tosh line this reminds me of.  " 'I could never live in California. I like seasons too much.'  Really? I like seasons too.  That's why I live somewhere that skips all the shitty ones.".Guess where all the shitty ones ended up?  Yeah. London..Edit: just realized this wasn't a post in r/london.  Edited to make implications and sarcasm clearer.
A big reason for southern states (can't speak for Australia) shutting down for snow is because we don't have the tools to clear roads and make them safe. If you're outside any major city, it takes forever to get to all the main roads. Put that on people not knowing how to drive in it from lack of experience, and it's pretty obvious why things get shut down. .We do sob/bitch/moan at the cold though. Not going to argue that. Personally, I'm a huge baby once it gets below 60F. 
You think that up north the 'tools' magically hit all roads at the same time?  How much was the last sizeable snow you got? I'll still have to drive to Work, walmart, etc when we get 4-6" and they'll have done nothing to the roads.
Central Texas here: I couldn't tell you what snow tires, chains or snowblowers look like in real life. But I can tell you what 30F is like as well as 110F. It gets 'snow-cold' here, we just don't have the moisture to create it is all. I own one jacket and two light sweaters, and use them 2 months . out of the year..So I can see people who's entire wardrobe is altered to the climate. This dude may hardly own 'summer' clothes.
-10 is a whole different ballgame than 30F.
Where I lived, some pretty major roads wouldn't get hit up until the afternoon. That's a big difference. 
You put way too much faith in our government up here. Michigan and Wisconsin can get stuff done. But Indiana and Illinois are pretty incompetent when it comes to clearing the roads. A lot of our majors roads wouldn't get hit until the afternoon either.
I was unaware of that. I have some friends who had lived in Michigan/Ohio, and that was where I was forming most of my opinions. .Good to know for future reference. 
Your temperature difference from cold to heat wave is 33 FUCKING DEGREES!  It can change 33 degrees in a day in midwest America, and don't even get me started about our year round temperature changes.
Ha, try people from Chicago. It's hot as shit right now and gets waaaay colder than London. 
Hoosier reporting in. Currently only 31C (88F). And in the winter I remember stretches of it getting to the teens for a week at a time (-9C, 15F)..Although you'd get a cold snap where it'd be 0F or negative. I do remember growing up when we hit -20F (-29C) for a week. School was canceled. But we'd still regularly have outside recess down to 5F (-15C) .Edit: Some numbers.Annual London Weather: .Records (From Manchester).Annual Chicago Weather (1981-2010) .And before you go all "But our houses weren't designed with AC". Neither was the 140 year old farm house I grew up in. We'd work manual labor jobs out in this hell one year I tailed staples into a 1 mile long fence in 90F+ heat and 90%+ humidity. Drink water. Take it easy and you'll be fine.
for reals, it was like 102 with the heat index yesterday, I started sweating from the 20ft walk to my car from my front door because of the humidity. Then in the winter, i know it will be -10 or worse by February. Why the fuck do I live here?
Hell yeah, go Hoosiers! Can't wait to get back to b-town soon.
Hoosier by Birth..Boilermaker by the grace of God.
Aww man, lame. 
Yep, below 70F and I'm putting a sweater on.
Hah, I'm gonna use that. (I live in California.)
I live in Southern California, where it's . 89 right now, and 50 isn't cold to me. Seems to me like y'all motherfuckers need to man up.
I'll have you know the roads are dangerous when the temperature gets down to less than 40 degrees! As soon as the weather reporter says there's a chance of snow, it's imperative to make a mad rush to the grocery store to buy all the bread and water you can get your hands on. Mainly because the snow removal policy in area is to wait for it to melt.
Snow isn't magically removed up here in the north, it can take a while for plows to hit the streets and even when they do they don't clean up everything.  Snow or not people go about their lives and errands.
This is true, problem is we have a temperate climate and so our infrastructure can't cope with extremes. And its not cost effective to get the equipment and utilities needed to cope with the extremes as they happen for about 4 weeks a year. 
Yea that was a lot like the snow this year for us. 
"No snow. Locals mulling snow pact for Friday, where everyone just pretends theres a lot of snow and acts accordingly".Not even half inch where we were. Most people were like 'fuck it, its snowing, lets not turn up today'.The bread and milk sure came in handy though. 
Well, it's also very uncommon to have airconditioning in an English household, and by very uncommon I mean absolutely no one I know has it. Heat is fine if you can escape to air conditioning, but when you're stuck with 31C and 90% humidity it gets fairly uncomfortable, especially when you have electronics running. Luckily I work in a large store so when I'm working I'm a nice temperature, but as soon as I get home I just strip down to my pants and drink some cooled pimms. 
31 C? Jesus we had 2 a day soccer (football) practices in 95F (35C) in August.  31C is not hot. .Hell it was 90% humidity and 35C today and I just went on a 5 mile jog, mowed the lawn, cleaned the garage (That is closer to 40C in the afternoon). Last week it was 31C I was sitting out on a locomotive in business casual with no AC, high humidity and a laptop on my lap trying to compile software. Just drink lots of water and you'll be fine..I grew up in an old farm house. We didn't have AC. There are plenty of people in the south with out AC and our grandparents and older didn't have AC.
89F (32C). While on my run today I saw a 6 month pregnant lady walking the dog on the 1 mile loop in our subdivision.
I work in a large tower block office in South London that catches the sun either side throughout the day. We have no aircon apart from the locked server room, and someone last year screwed the windows frames shut as they were dangerously warped. I've had to unscrew them today so that we didn't cook. 
I'm from the Midwest United States we average high temp of 90 in July and low temp of 22 in January, so we laugh at a anyone complaining about unusual heat or cold.
Pretty much this. Living in Michigan, I don't feel "heat wave" until 100+.  And you don't really know cold until you've walked to school when it's -20 (with windchill).
I live in SW Ontario, so definitely know this first person!
Illinoisan reporting in.  We've had some 90. F days lately, while this past winter we had quite a few days where the temp reached down to -15. F. .These are both exaggerated in big cities, too (Chicago): Tight quarters means that with everyone running their A/C, the outside air is often warmer than the weather reports during the summer, and during the winter the wind chill from all the air rushing through narrow streets often makes it feel about 15. colder than it actually is.
Those look like .. They're considered acceptable formal attire in Bermuda, and it wouldn't be that surprising to see a Bermudan businessman in London given that both are hubs for financial services.
As a bermudian I can in fact say that these are not Bermuda shorts. I cant put my finger on it but something just isnt right. 
Another Bermudian here. The width of the legs don't seem to be wide enough. Also, I rarely if ever have seen a business man down here wear white socks. Normally every other colour is worn. .Still, classy outfit. 
Its about the time of year where the long green socks come out to play
mfa gonna have a field day
Was just on vacation in Bermuda, can fully confirm at least 20 sightings of this outfit. Also, fun fact,  Bermuda is a British colony and everybody there has a slightly off British accent. 
Bermuda shorts must be pleated with with a 3 inch or 7.5 cm distance from the knee (above). Often times Bermuda shorts are a different color than the jacket worn but those appear to obey the criteria of the trousers. 
The colour is what really threw me. Black? Really? Wheres the baige or pink...
In the 80's, these short were comically long, weird looking.  Now if you see a dude in shorts shorter than this he's usually a runner.
Correct, I just attended a wedding in Bermuda, and was forced to dress this way.
There are actually strict rules to wearing Bermuda shorts in a formal setting and what is great is that this guy has it nailed. You must wear knee socks, wool usually (which makes for less cooling I am afraid), shirt, tie, jacket. When you have the whole rig together it is considered appropriate attire for the highest level of business meeting, government work, or even appropriate in court. You do NOT just get to wear long shorts, there is a lot to it actually. (Source: lived and worked in Bermuda for three years)
Do they . to be white socks too? because I feel like some black socks would really work a lot better. I could be wrong about that but I generally hate wearing white socks with black formal outfits.
Nope not at all, in fact they should match your tie. Mine are canary yellow. Actually Tiny Tiger there has a better answer, go with that!
[deleted]
More ridiculous than everyone in full wool suits and ties when it's sweltering outside?
Suits and ties are ridiculous in any situation. 
Linen and poplin are perfectly acceptable suit materials in the summer months (hooray seersucker)..Sauce: Spent a fair amount of time in the American south.
Tan poplin suit was the only thing that made being an on campus textbook rep in Florida and S Georgia possible for me.
Props for the tan poplin suit club. Tell you what though, a pair of seersucker shorts and some Gold Bond makes life livable in Alabama in August.
A seersucker jacket is like wearing no jacket at all! Funny story, after I moved on out of sales my wife confessed she had always kind of hated it (it was a cheapie Men's Warehouse suit). We took a pack of sharpies to it and turned it into an illustrated clown suit that I still wear when I do library outreach events for kids. 
That's a really good idea if I decide to hate it. Or move to my own personal hell (places that stay cool/cold). Otherwise I love my shorts and my suits (poplin, seersucker and proper cool blue linen).
Thanks, it gave me years of use in the hard trenches of textbook sales no more glory to poplin. 
We have opposite hells, right now it is 106 degrees in NYC where I live and let me tell you, it is the freaking 9th ring. Having said that I fully recognize that 106 degrees in the concrete jungle is a whole special kind of awful.
You are a hoot, keep doing whatever it is you do.

Own up, you're Southern. But yes, I've seen several seersucker suits in Court before.
Southern "enough.".Detroit born, baby.
Considering where you went to school in my hometown, you've been infected. It happened to me, too.
Fair enough. Everyone up here refers to me as Southern anyway. Might as well own it. Yep. Wearing a bowtie right now.
I bought sundresses. I love them but cleavage everywhere. Like the good old days.

First time I saw them was in Weekend at Bernie's
the socks worn with Bermuda Shorts do not have to be white.  Often times the color of the shorts is brighter (pink or yellow or green) and are paired with a jacket that is grey or dark brown.  However since this man is wearing a black suit* the socks could be white (although he should have gone with a dark grey to avoid looking like a pilgrim).
I love humans.
Anthropology could be for you. 
With that old fashioned suit case, just cover his head and he looks like a wee lad heading off for boarding school...
Let's create another thread for the briefcase, totally worth it.



  
Sorry about that. 


there fixed it
That's actually a trumpet case.
Looks to me like a Globetrotter suitcase.
In the 'old fashion case' you'll find he's packed his trousers and probably a spare shirt or two. 
Don't forget his portable cup of tea!
Don't you mean a flask? One thing an Englishman wouldn't be caught dead without.
I don't, I'm presently mad drunk and shouting at the sun.
Time for a dip in the quarry!
I want to see this happening. Right now.
I made The Sun go away with my shouting so I can't right now.
Australian on holiday here. Spent the last week laughing at your populations inability to handle the heat. I feel I'm gonna pay for it when it eventually gets cold again..
Man, y'all bitch for 11 months about NOT seeing the sun and then you get piss drunk and yell at it for sticking around?!.Kidding, of course. I was in Paris once for a couple of 100F days and it was fucking miserable. Hope it cools down soon for you guys..Edit: ~ 38C
You can have ours all summer long if you'd like. .Sincerely,.Texas
Being from somewhere else that experiences a lot of winter... it's 35C in Montreal right now... feels like 45. I hate humidity.
Haha well I can't complain too much this year, Dallas has had a really mild summer so far. Not like the hell that was last summer
Luckily. May we both not melt this summer, friend. 
Word. All I can say is this: Whoever's doing all the voodoo or animal sacrifices, please keep doing it.
That would be me. I keep washing my car.
Bless you and your sacrifice
The one trip I made to Berlin it was during a record heat wave. 37-40C the whole trip. All we brought were jeans and long sleeves. 
Montreal is sticky in the summer.The car exhaust just sticks to your skin and is all nasty. Love the city but night time is better for a lot of things.
Any day in Paris is a miserable day though
Oh it's the worst. 38 (100F) in Dallas is still pretty damn hot, but 38 in Houston is like swimming through Satan's ball sweat. I just can't do the humidity.
Houstonian here. Can confirm.
Try that temperature in new Orleans. 
If there's three things us Brits are good at it's making tea, queuing, and complaining.
Ha! Don't forget hilariously cynical, yet poignant, sports commentary. Watching the British Olympic/WC feed is oh so entertaining.  
Excellent at subjugating. 
It says 9Gag right on the damn picture, you fig newton.

"I just wanted to let her know that I dont care about the scars. So I stick ice pops in my mouth and do thisto myself."
you have too much time on your hands.

False.
Really? I seem to notice a lot of 30-40 year olds posting there, at least when I decide to browse. It's not too often I'm in the mood for cropped pictures of a nipple and spread buttholes, though.
wat
About a month ago I started tagging the usernames of each GW post that hit the front page, for the most part its just the same 5 girls over and over again. Whats up, . ?
It's not a Matt Stone/Trey Parker film...but they are in it ans i LOVE that movie! Up vote!
Creepy. But there aren't enough BASEketball references in life, so upvote for you.
This joke is un-bear-able.
The original, and in better quality: 
Just counting the ply to make sure you didn't get ripped off. It's what bros do.
This would just get messy. I would just up from the toilet without hesitation.
Nope.
I don't know what everyone is complaining about, I think that would make it quite a bit easier to take a shit
Me.  Now I have to put my phone away and check my toilet paper so I can wipe.
this needs a spider tag damn it... 
The shitnado touched down in the bathroom and caused fecal devastation throughout the house and into the front yard.
that's why you always set the roll so it feeds from the front side. It gives you two plies between you and any trapped spiders. 
You have materialized my biggest fear. 
I calling in orbital bombardment...
Time to burn all my toilet paper and buy some seashells.
You. Definitely you.
And now all of you who are sitting on the toilet ... Is it there? Can you see it? No? It does not mean it won't crawl out in a second.
Rectal spiders.
well most likely only the spider would have ended up dead. 
Since I already consider spider as being fucking pieces of shit, I think you would have had the worst experience.
I am looking at that exact spider on my wall right now...should I be worried?
I'd suck my shit back into my ass and then shit it out again.
we are over that debate at my house, we hang ours sideways.  it works much better.
But does it feed from the right or the left?!
This is how families get torn apart.
it doesn't really matter, it rolls out fine and tears off just as well either way. .idk if my housemate puts it on the same way every time or not, but i just grab a roll and stick it on there without bothering to see which way it faces.
Yeah, I wouldn't poop for a week.
So I was just about to poop. .I still have to, but I won't. .Asshole. 
Literally, 
For everyone who reddits on the toilet... You prob just scared the literal shit out of them.
I will never be able to poop in peace again. Thanks, asshole.
ArachNOPE. .or.What a shitty experience. 
What a shitty experience. I want to see how creative you are with putting a spider near an anus. 
Totally forgot about this..Brown Eye Recluse spider?? .Better wipe with fire, just to be safe. 
brown eye recluse spider wins for me
Spiderbro!!
Thanks for making me tighten my butt-hole, jerk.
I was taking a dump while surfing to this picture... I don't know who this guy is but I hate him! 
"Hello Human. Ohh I missed you human. how have you been? Ohhhh I love you human"
Yeah.  .  Like in the way Reddit hugs websites to death.
No
can you eat there or do you have to eat out?
You're from Austin, I see. 
I would hire that handyman.
i so want to call him for something. trying to find projects that i need help with. 
This is why you don't drink out of the fucking carton!
Now who's gonna clean this up? Oh wait, why do I even ask.
I think I saw milk shoot out her ears.
aaaaand thats why you grab a glass!
yeah i remember seeing this... you know... when it happened... a month ago
That is perfect, at first I thought they were going to cover the lenses but this is even better.
On second thought, based on the illustration, I might only be prohibited from packing thalidomide babies.
No you got it backwards, that's telling you not to let the baby out.
Who calls shit stool anymore?
that's pretty funny. 
You're not dressed as a mariachi band. 

Nothing mariachi about this picture, all I see is three white guys. 
all i see are 3 white people thinking they're being funny, when they're actually doing black face.
IS THIS IN BELGIUM?
I could have sworn I saw the gentleman in the D.A.R.E. shirt at Hershey Park PA yesterday.
Casa Bonita!
Peruvian pan flute bands are popping up all over the place.
Where is this? Baboon land? A Western place?? Baboons??
Except you half-assed it.
Til: Belgians have no idea what mariachis look like. .I might as well wear a kiss shirt and say I'm into Norwegian black metal. Only that would be far less insulting.
One of your most racist decisions
Now i want to go to bobbejaanland. Good job.
Nice to see Freddie Mercury out and about.
Bobbejaanland?
The band name, please.
Upvote for Donuts Are Really Expensive shirt
Its been a while since ive gone to that park.
Dude, next time you go there, tell me. I got reduction coupons, E5 off for every person up to 4 people.
I don't think you know what Mariachis looks like.
Am I the only one who thought the guyin the DARE shirt looks like Freddie Mercury?
Whoop. Bobbejaanland! Jaaaaaaren geleden dat ik daar ben geweest!
looks photoshopped
rad D.A.R.E. shirt man
This is why I need friends. 
Casa Bonita!
So you went to a western theme park? 
not Mariachi. ughhh white people
How does your dare ahirt still fit?
I'll take my mariachi 
western culture, cowboys, cow rangling, all that jazz.actually started in mexico!.whaaaaaaaaaaaat
Umm nothing in that picture looks anything like a mariachi band....
Middle dudes mustache is A +
Wait Bobbejaanland is western-themed?.Ok it had a 'cowboy singer' as a boss (he passed away) but nothing about it is really western themed. 
So THAT'S how they get over the border...
Bro humor
That park is like 20 minutes from where i live
Have an Upvote for that 
I'm not sure if you know this but "bobbejaan" in . means "baboon."
Bestaat dat dan nog??
Eyooh, patriotic upvote!
It's in Belgium.
Explains a lot.
I guess reading isn't one of your strong points
Have you even seen a mariachi band?
You are not the only one. I don't think he would have been part of the DARE program though.
It's got nothing to do with baboons. Bobbejaan was the name of the guy who founded the park. .'s his wiki page.
Bobbejaan is baboon in Afrikaans. It's just soooo weird.
Didn't know that! That's an amusing fact. Fortunately, Bobbejaan was a pseudonym, so he wasn't actually called "baboon" in Afrikaans.
Tuurlijk! De Bobbejaan heeft dat wel verkocht, maar het bestaat nog. Waar zou anders deze foto gemaakt zijn? 
Depeche Mode!
A Western theme park in South Africa? That's ... amazing.
TIL I live in South Africa!  Kinda explains the temperatures I guess... Lol
Try Belgium, Europe..Nice to meet a fellow(?) Belgian on Reddit OP! :-)
Belgium! I thought bobbejaan was an Afrikaans word. My mistake.
Bobbejaan is a African word, but the theme park is in Belgium, it is named after the founder oc the park and is just a coincidence that it's the same word
Np,  that the Dutch word looks so much like an "Afrikaans" word - mistakes are easily made. Well it is not really a "word" since it is just the name of the founder with "land" after it :)
TIL.
Yeah it is. You have a whole Western village, salloons,...
No, it was more to the north....
 welp only one thing to say from here, MURICA
I am not and have never been an American, however i was very sarcastic making that last comment.
Well you may not be American but you sure are a MURICAN.
they aren't american, so they probably have never even seen a mexican.  i'd have to say it's probably along the lines of dressing up in 60's hippie gear as a lark, not meant to be hurtful or degrading.
You don't look like mariachis at all. You look like three white guys from Florida.
I should probably not tell you about "zwarte piet"....
Or the bishop with fungi between his legs, a sack on his back and a beard to his knees...
Tres Burros.
Los** Tres Burros...I just became your manager.
Oke, but you better not fuck us over.....People have been know to enter the "speedy bob" and never get out..... 
Yeah yeah...Dere's nuttin' Los Tres Burros can't face.
Das plezant.
Zeer plezant.
't plezantste land.
Tres Jotos
while amusing, that's not exactly credible garb.  
Except women arent allowed in traditional mariachi bands
Women are allowed in mariachis, there are a lot of all female groups now with the most well known one being mariachi Reina De Los Angeles, however you are slightly right as the best mariachi in the world (Mariachi Vargas de Tecalitlan) does will most likely never allow a female member. 
Bullshit.

Hey I didn't make the rules
(you saw the pic right?  I'll take my mariachi as a MARIA-chi)
This is the founder of the theme park: .And yes, those are guns on his hood.
Didn't he run over a bunch of people in the 70's or 80's, or am I grossly misinformed or thinking of someone else?
That's why he installed the cow horns and guns on his hood probably.
I love the fact that he just named the park after himself......
Somebody else did that....Walt whatshisname...
Heisenbergland?
Weiss?
..In that one he explains how getting life in prison, your wife leaving you or your house burning down aren't as bad as a pub without beer. 
 is my favourite though!
As Awesome as this picture is, and I thoroughly smiled at it..A Mariachi band wouldn't wear that type of hat, and by that I mean a straw or spun hat.  A Mariachi hat is most often black, made from felt/velvet and has metal(metal colored) decorations on it usually silver, white or gold..In any case, great pic!
The recorder doesn't fit either.
Or you know the ukukele
Or the white guys in fake mustaches
but the indiana river drop at bobbejaanland on the other hand.. mariachi rite of passage
there is nothing marichi about anything in that pic
But.... sombreros!
OP is an ignorant slut. 
I believe it's the DARE t-shirt that really ties the whole thing together.
D- I won't do drugs!
A- won't have an attitude!
R- I will respect myself!
E- I will educate you NOW!
No one else I know remembers this song! I thought I imagined it.
"Dare, to keep off drugs...daaaaare to just say no." 
We had to memorize the entire song and perform it for the rest of the school and parents.
Is there anyone who grew up in the 90's who doesn't own one of these shirts?
Mine "shrank" after a few years.
Me! I don't think they ever gave me one :(
The dare officer at my middle school refused to give me one, saying that I didn't deserve it. I hadn't even looked at a drug up to the point.
Drugs
Are
Really
Exciting!
Now all we need is for someone to make a shirt out of this
The E always stood for Excellent to me
Definitely a great E word
My dare instructor must've been high or something when he taught us the song... D- I won't do drugs, A- won't have no attitude, R- I will respect myself, E- I will educate me now.
I had one, but I traded it for crack.
How much crack can you buy with irony? And what crack dealer accepts irony as legal tender?
Nah, it was pretty wrinkled, actually.
DARE told me if I smoked weed I would hallucinate and see pink bunnies - The start of my smoking addiction...
The DARE program made  a lot of promises...
DARE taught me that if I smoked weed, someone would lace it with rat poison and turn me mentally challenged. That was a pretty fucked up school program.
I was program director for the promises division.
With the username to match. Nicely done.
My favorite DARE memory was when they had us read sections of the pamphlets out loud and one kid phonetically read "Mary-Jew-Wanna?"
False, you went dressed in sombreros and wearing fake mustaches.
los que odian van a odiar!
As a person who lives and works in downtown San Antonio and sees Mariachi bands on a daily basis, I can confirm. They look nothing like a Mariachi group.
Is it the Mi Tierra people or the ones on the river? Also, you . downtown?
Not really, lol. But I can see downtown from where I live. I'm actually about a 10-15 minute drive (in good traffic). .But I do work downtown at Rainforest Cafe. 
And I'll see Mariachi usually wandering around the river walk like at the Mexican restaurants serenading people. And there's also the performances at El Mercado.
Nice! I'm about 5 minutes away in . traffic. .Ah! I haven't been to the Mercado in ages. 
As a person who's played in Mariachi, I agree.
I think we can all say in the end of the day...
It's Belgium, what did you expect?
 

Lucky!
You won. You just won this entire subreddit.
Which one? The guy off by himself, or the guy trying to intrude on the all-girl dance group?
The girl in back with the freakishly huge ear?
Dude to the left is plotting to get Black Dress and Striped Dress tied down and forcefully sodomized after his roofies kick in...
You mean the girl in the black dress right?
How did u get a picture of me from the future?
It's obviously the guy taking the photo 
Found on . !
Waste of Time Windex? Do I smell a brand new meme anyone? 
 . . . 6h before this post by . (fixed by .). 
I read this in his voice. 
who was taking pictures in the locker room this morning?? 
Underrated?!?! Who are you talking to.  Almost all of Uter's lines are quotable.
I think he is dead
He is also one of the most delicious
Joy-Joys, Mit Iodine!
Too bad he's dead.
as Homer is chasing Uter around the locker room rat tailing him.
Simpsons did it.
Nah, that character sucked.
Not underrated at all. He is a one dimensional character and most of the funniest moments aren't said by uter or even have him in the scene. 
Uter is more of a stereotype than a character.
His name is ter yar.
That's just some prime chocolate fed white boy. 
Why hasn't he been any of the new seasons for... I don't know. 5 seasons?
He was in a 2013 episode.
Skinner: Ah, let's see: our foreign exchange student Uter has chosen
"Charlie and the Chocolate Factory". I -- but this is just an
empty box!.Uter: [chocolate on his face and hands] I begged you to look at mine
first...I . you!
i love this guy

Link to video: 
underrated? Since when?

pretty much my favourite simpsons scene of all time 
isnt he just a satire of the fat german kid from willy wonka?
joy joy
It makes me sad that my best friend has never watched a full episode of the Simpsons. We can quote Seinfeld for days, but there is a small part of me that dies every time an opportunity for a hilarious Simpsons reference goes to waste.
Anyone have a clip when Uter is left behind by the school bus and is beaten senseless by the war re-enactors?.Hehe. One of my all time favorite jokes..Edit: Lullzz I found it
.If I recall correctly, I believe that they took this scene out in reruns.
i begged you to look at mine first..i begged you!
I like Hans Moleman
Hockey Episode FTW!!!
Definitely top 5 all time episode. It's got everything, including a lot of heart. Something newer simpsons episode sorely lack.
Hack the bone!  Hack the bone!
I don't think I've seen that episode since it first aired. One of the first episodes I ever saw, and I swear I never saw it syndicated.
Cut and paste Augustus Gloop.
he's not underrated!  he's amazing!  who doesn't love uter..too bad he was killed... his parents just want closure....
Why is this not a gif?
How long before we see the return of Uter!?'
I saw him! I saw him in a more recent episode (a season within the last 3 years I think, I don't know which season that particular TV station is broadcasting). He said one line and then was gone. I can't for the life of me remember which episode it was, which is freaking weird because I can quote Simpsons episodes from over a decade ago word-for-word, but can't remember what damn episode I just watched 3 days ago..If the TV station is broadcasting episodes from the same season in any particular order, it's around the episode where Chief Wiggum befriends Homer during his community service, and the episode where Homer and Marge take up curling as a hobby.
When the Charity Chicks made a calendar for their annual fundraiser- when the previous year they had a bake sale to raise money for childhood Diabetes- he falls through the treehouse because of the sugary sweets they (he, Martin, and a few others) bought. .The episode is 'The Devil Wears Nada'.
Yes, YES! You have become my hero sir. I bow before your Simpsons knowledge. This is exactly the episode I was referring to.
I stopped watching after season 9, unless its a treehouse of horrors. 
No one cares.
Uderbratten for lunch!
I have a friend whose last name is Dudley, and he is short and chubby. So, we call him Milk Dudley and say he's full of chocolate. 

Skinner: Did you hear? Homer's a critic!
Uter's Father: Quit changing the subject. Where is Uter?
Uter's Mother: Oh, we just want closure.
Hey, German Boy. Go Back To Germania!
Get Eruass Back to Eurasia!
mmmmm aaahhhhccikkKkkKk, The Land of Chocolate
We were talking about chocolate?
That was ten minutes ago!
I love how Homer still chases him down and whips him with a towel. 
My legs chafe ven I run so swiftly!
They should have made a Simpsons willy wonka. He's the perfect Augustus Gloop.
I think that German scientist from a more modern episode makes a better Augustus Gloop, considering he actually was Agustus Gloop and got called out for it in the episode. ."Yes, I'm Gloop. I still have nightmares about the tube"
"I no longer fear death...because I know it is just another kind of tube..."
This used to be me and my pal's go-to line in basketball practice. Good times. 
Uter-braten.
I wouldn't say underrated, moreso underdeveloped.
with that stomach, overdeveloped

Just looking at that makes me crave something mit iodine.
I consider Uter dead, . he has died twice, and him being dead just seems... right for some reason..I know hes been in episodes after dying, but I don't care, Uter is dead to me..Also, more seriously, according to the simpsons wiki, apparently Uter was in an episode on may 19, 2013. Soooo yeah, I guess he has already returned.
I thought he died when all those Civil War reenactors beat the crap out of him for free learning when the PTA disbanded.
Damn, you beat me to it!. I burst out laughing at the scene. The fact that they drive a way without a care in the world is hilarious. 
Ahh yes, I forgot he died twice. Either way hes still back I guess.
Oh my god, the PTA has disbanded!! ah, aaahhh, AAAHHHH!!!.No, no, the PTA has not disbanded!
I love how he jumps back in and just calmly takes his seat again.
Uter is a zombie...
Well, Seymour, because of your penny-pinching, we're coming back from a field trip with the fewest children yet.
Since he made it to reddit probably around a month. 
We just want closure
"That kid's got bosoms! Hahahahahaha" 
<ssssnap!>
"Come here, you butterball!"
Who's got a wet towel?
"Don't make me run! I'm full of chocolate!"
Would you like a lick of my flavor wax?.Ooo ooo even better:.Skinner: Now, I'd like to ask each child to pair up with a buddy so no one gets lost..Bart: Come to think of it I haven't seen Uter since the last field trip..Skinner: Uter. I don't remember any Uter. Silly name, Uter..Then later on his mother and father demanding to know his whereabouts and his mother cheerfully saying "We just want closure". Gets me evr tym.
Uter goes missing in a previous episode, . 
There is one frame of animation in which the civil war actors have encircled Uter and have raised their clubs and are getting ready to beat him.  I would love nothing more than to get an animation cell of that single frame and blow it up to hang on my wall. I gets me everytime..I'm surprised Fox doesn't sell Simpsons animation cells.
A friend of mine has a cel of Homer at work. It's sort of de-motivational. I have no idea where he got it, but he's had it for nearly 20 years. 
My favorite one was where they ground him up and fed him to the students as bratwurst.
"God bless permission slips"
After all isn't there a little Uter in all of us?
Definitely better than eating those training mats.
very little meat in these gym mats.
I have a gut feeling Uter is around here somewhere.
haha great scene. also, the scene where Uter is getting bullied an Willy jumps in haha
"Willy please!  The children want to pick on someone their own size." - Principal Skinner
Skinner: Ah, let's see: our foreign exchange student Uter has chosen
"Charlie and the Chocolate Factory". I -- but this is just an
empty box!
Uter: [chocolate on his face and hands] I begged you to look at mine
first...I begged you!
What's a diarama? 
[deleted]
That's funny, because they usually look like crap!
"Fun" Fact.He's german.  But in the German-TV he's swiss.
It seems they don't like how he's portrayed.PS: The swiss watch german-TV
What about the episode where the Germans buy the power plant?
They're germans but with thick regional accents (berlin and bavarian I think)
There they still are german. But they mostly have a very strong accent (From East-Berlin and Bavaria).
It does not have anything to do with the way he is portrayed. It just does not make a lot of sense to have a german exchange student in a german dubbed show.
  In the French dub, the dead language is German.
He's just not a funny character unless he's foreign.
Another "fun" fact:
In the TV series Malcolm in the Middle the two characters portraying Otto and Gretchen Mannkusser . instead of German in the German version.
Same with Elliot of Scrubs, in the german version she is fluent in danish instead of german
Another fun fact: stressed cats eat their kittens.
Really? It seems because Germans always are the villains they wanted to move the goofy . to others ;)
Nah. Just like with Uter, the characters have to be "goofy", and someone talking German in a German-dubbed show doesn't come across as goofy. So they're given another accent which makes the appearance funny again.
In Raiders of the Lost Ark German version, Indy fights the Soviets, oh wait...
it's not the german known from tv. it was bavarian. it's quite a huge difference
Bullshit.
"Jog miach niacht! Iach will niacht lauf, iach bin voll mit Schoggi!"
Why the extra "a"s in mich, and nicht?
I'm actually not a Swiss. It sounds like that. 
Swiss German is... odd like that.
That was just regular german. Swiss german would be like "jag mi mid, i ma nid seckl, i bi vou mit schoggi!"
Doesn't look like regular German to me - is it a dialect? 
Swiss don't speak german.it's swiss-german from a specific canton (region).
Swiss-german is a spoken language only. Our Books etc are german.Therefore you will see x variations. Depending where you ask the people to write it."Jag mi nhd. Ich mag ndd seckl, ich bi voll mit schoggi"
is the "Central swiss" version
We did something similar in spain with toy story 3. Buzz gets switched to an "Andalusian" mode, and he is given a strong regional accent.
I always wondered how that worked!! 
More like the "I'm a german" comedy doesn't work when everything's german.
I think it has to do with the fact that part of the humor comes from the 'foreign' aspect of the character.  So they change the character so preserve humor, not avoid offense.
Making him Swiss has to do with him being a Bavarian stereotype much more than a generally German one. Add his fixation with chocolate which is seen as a Swiss thing, bam, Uter's from Switzerland now. Who's called Uter anyway?
Uter sounds pretty swiss to me.
Fuck
The german stuff is dubbed. The shtick of Uter is also the accent. So swiss just works.
Lisa: Bart, does it strike you as odd that Uter disappeared and suddenly they're serving us this mysterious food called "Uterbraten"?  .Principal Skinner: Oh relax kids, I've got a . Uter's around here somewhere hahahahaha, after all isn't there a little .? hahahaha... hahaha, in fact, you might even say we just ., and he's in our stomachs... . AHAHAHAHAHAHA!... Wait, scratch that one.
[deleted]
Mmmmm, Uterbraten...
Hah just jack off in your mouth instead.
WHAT DID IT SAYYYY D:
Oh, lunch lady? Please to have another sloppy Jimbo? Das ist gut, nein?
Ah, guten tag! Would you care for a bite of my Vengelerstrasse bar? I also have a bag of marzipan Joy Joys..Would you like another lick of my flavor bar?.Ja, das ist gut.
Mit iodine!
I think she should be just a tad more concerned about that robber...
I started tearing up at "The Gods will delight in you." He must have been an amazing guy.
Urban dictionary has become such a waste of human capital. 
"do these candles have a scent?"
nun at all

Source is my site : . and . 
Except engineers cant make that many things work in unison. Ever tried to look at a blue print and you'll
Understand. 
What about engines, airplanes, and everything around us? Plus who uses blueprints anymore?
Just because you don't understand what a thing does or how it does it by look at a blueprint, doesn't mean it won't do what it is supposed to do. This is actually the skill of the engineer.
Please explain the New Jersey part, I don't get it and I feel dumb.
Pocket protectors are basically a plastic lining for your breast pocket..This in theory will stop a pen placed in said pocket from leaking ink over your chest..New Jersey is a scum filled cesspit. An when you put New Jersey into the breast pocket of America, you risk having the scum leak out and stain the rest of your wonderful country..Put NJ into a giant pocket protector, and now you're sweet.
NJ is the dirtiest state in the union based upon my television based research. 
So... Uh... Where can I get me one of them?
What about mine?
Made me think of ..
Bassists barely qualify as band members, this was obviously drawn by one.
The guitar maybe in your face, but that girl is shaking her ass to the bass.
Murica.
The question in the title clearly states: "What did you do today?".I broke my guitar string today and had to buy a replacement. Ooh! And I also broke the record for Space invaders today. Sadly, I didn't mean to to that, so I didn't record. My score: 164,360.
"Four score and seven cookies ago..."
Can I have eaten the leftovers today?
I can't look at an Oreo without immediately craving some, but within a couple days the craving goes away.  I now live 1 minute away from a grocery store.  I don't think the craving is going away.
After three days of none stop drinking abraham lincoln was talking to his wife while he had a bad hangover and asked... I freed who?
I wonder if he takes commissions.  I've been wanting to get a family portrait done. 
Now. Do it with Nigel Thornberry
Unemployment is the shit.
That would be smashing!
I dont want to imagine how you did this...
That's some nice artwork you got there... It'd be a shame if someone... Ate it.
Or used a machine to separate the creme from the cookie
Upvote, read comments. Down vote. 
im sure the ladies love you
Unemployment art...
I have a job.
REPOST. This photo has been on my computer since the dawn of the Internet 
Fun fact: I added that text to that age-old image.  Seeing this image feels a bit like recognizing a close friend in a crowd in which you did that expect that friend to be.
Shine on you crazy diamond.

That's a nice Frederick Douglas.
Heh.
god damnit I hate imgur comments
I would have just ate it. Then played video games.
You added text to an image and reposted it?.Get it together, that should not take all day.
Most of the time, it takes only seconds. 
looks like im gonna be 500 years old
And after a year, you don't know better than to rehost and steal from DrMcNinja.com? Come on, man, at least an attribution.  The dude makes money selling the original art.
Honestly, thank you. This has been my favorite picture in the world since ~2007 and I had no idea where it came from originally. There are multiple online stores that sell the tshirts, and even a TED talk that has used it. I have always wondered who's it truly was. Thank you for solving this for me.
Head thee on over then.  I'm actually jealous, you have years of back comics to enjoy. 
Least productive year ever!

Truthquake.
Escape from weiner dungeon. Im done haha
is it just me, or does female harry potter look awfully a lot like Daria? 
The Female Harry Potter one...why not Harriet?  .Edit: Forgot to say what a great job you've done and how badly my sides hurt because of this. Thank you, Sir/Madame.
Bravo! Brilliant work.
Any one else kinda wish the candy land one was real?
Tardcat is a FEMALE. Don't judge.
Oh awesome! I would so watch that dark Candy Land movie made by Tim Burton. Can someone please show this to Mr. Burton?
I lost it at Crustacean Invasion.
Sorry but half these are shit
I feel like you missed an awesome joke with the last star wars movie poster not doing some sort of 'on sale' pun in the title. The Empire Rolls Back It's Prices, etc.  
Yes. The other half though, they were good.
Best post I've seen in a while, superb PS work!
In 36 was Jake Gyllenhaal standing next to Darth Vader
Ned and Chef were my favorites. This is good stuff!
I had to stop and look at all the little details for each one. The R rating for Ned, all the magazine covers, and pretty much everything else. .Gotta admit that I was laughing pretty hard.
i didnt know daria was a wizard.
This is the first r/funny post to actually make me burst out laughing in a long time. Bravo, sir.
me too.  escape from wiener dungeon had me going, and those reddit magazine covers were great. 
Oh man the Sims movie was the best!
Haha these are great!
Nice! NED gave me a good chuckle. Aquaman and The Sims movie were well done too.
You have talent for more than Photoshop my friend. keep the funny coming
Reddit should make reddit magazines. WHO'S WITH ME!
This one took me a minute
I couldn't make it past ned. My ribs hurt.
I would totally watch that Aquaman movie.
same, someone needs to take that picture and turn it into the movie.
I want this to be real :(
It took me a really long time to realize what you thought was wrong. 
Maaaannn it's 21C here, its a bit chilly..Although I'm in Sydney, Australia and its the middle of winter
as a person in Southwestern ontario... I'm sitting in 116 degrees right now
Canadian here, I'm fucking melting.
You're welcome
Don't spend it all in one day! 
Wonder when it'll get here, It was 38 today where I live in Southern Ontario.
Well it's 43c here at the moment, we figured it's probably worse down there. You're welcome.
The Maple Leafs really blow!
Oh we will
What with the Fahrenheit?
More people on reddit know it, otherwise it was 45
Sorry.
Why can't this happen soon. I only just slept 3 hours because it's so humid in Montreal right now.
Same here. It felt like my steering wheel was melting earlier...
some squirrel had gum
It looks like an invasion .... INVASION OF COLD !!!
Ya I'm in toronto and it's been in and around the 30s for a week
beware: ice age imminent 
If you could spare some for Georgia, too, that would be great. Specifically Athens and the metro Atlanta area. Thanks, guys!
I've lived in the south my whole life, specifically Florida.  All I've seen is temperatures in the 90's or so.  Is that really a heat wave?  Cause that's normal for me.
100 degrees on the beach in NJ. it's a heat wave 
Does anyone else see an evil face above the Great Lakes?
Dammit Canadia, why can't you send some over to the west coast? 
I live in Britain, can we have a Canada of our very own?
Don't get greedy old chap. You had Canada once already. 
Yes but they didn't have a flag at the time. No flag, no country.
Okay redcoat!
Cincinnati area here, family and I went to the sunburn today and a fair showed up..Plus side: My 4 year old got to have a funnel cake and it changed his life forever..Thanks, eh!
6 months:  "Waaah, why is it so cold up here?"
You're welcome.
How would you like to come visit Phx for a summer? Maybe get some perspective on the term "heat-wave?" 
This isnt even true, the heat wave is still here north of toronto.
The cold air is moving south an will relieve the east coast by Saturday 
You are misreading the map sir. Cold front still north of T.O. as of friday.
Hey buddy don't worry aboot it.
Winter is coming.
I'm excited for sunday morning. I'm a total wimp to this heat.
You're welcome. Again.
Well thanks to Mexico here in Texas its been raining in patches...damn tropical country.
I wouldn't. Those are moose farts
Sorry we couldn't do this sooner.
Send me some snow this winter. I'd like to see more than an inch every 5 years. Southeast NC. Will send humidity and mosquitoes in return.
Manitoba here, we got own own mosquitoes, thank you.
As another Manitoban, I can confirm this.
as a Manitoban, i went to the park today and donated blood to the mosquitoes, I felt it was the nice thing to do. 
Sorry for not being sorry sooner.
Sorry for not being sorry about being sorry, sooner. 
Guys, .! It's okay.
Says you. You probably love forecasting heat waves upon us you sick bastard. 
I prefer forecasting moisture, if ya know what I mean. ;)
I forgive you and thanks again. 
good for it, protection first. You never know where his hand was...
Well, maybe he doesn't usually eat breakfast. He's being considerate to his potential partner by having cereal available!
He bought those to "hide" it
Everything is heart-healthy!
step one fill condoms with cheerios.
First we need Cheerios, condoms, lube, and a sprite bottle. Then...
Has reddit gotten to the point that a guy buying condoms is funny? Wow.
Not really.. I just liked what he was buying them with Cheerios. I'm sure I've bought them with something pretty random before too.
Gotta keep hydrated
At least he wasn't buying them with a puppy. Or a goat. Or a bagel.
Does he try to fit it in the Cheerios?
And as for the rain, here in SC too....
You've lost your companion?
Does losing friends count as losing a companion?
I love it, but it's gotta be photoshopped.  I would love to be proven wrong..It's your content, right?  Right?
doubt it's OC, someone (or more) posted this yesterday (and probably many other days before), but it's not necessarily shopped; that doesn't look very difficult to make physically
My great aunt posted it on her facebook. It seems like something she'd honestly make but I don't want the first question I ask her in months to be "did you really make Ron Swanson outta scrambled eggs and bacon or are you goddamn liar aunt Barb?"
You had me at meat tornado.
guess aunt Barb is a phony :(
What a crazy monkey. How good the monkey is, he is still a monkey. Be careful
This is how a repost looks.
That means to go, then stop, then go, then stop again, until you pass the light.
the cartoon is too slim and attractive to be convincing
Changing the alert settings isn't funny... 
Don't be jealous mate. My laptop is special computer. It does things without any hacking. ;)
Special computer have special needs
Yes. Now my laptop needs a new battery pack.
That's some weird scrotum 
Dat veiny scrote.

Salty
This is from BBC Life. If anyone wanted to know.
Incredible series. Along with BBC Planet Earth.

"Hey guys what's goin' on he- Nope."
What's that coming over the hill is it a monster!
Don't forget 
Haven't heard of that. I see that there is a . as well.
Shit, how many planets are there?! . are the only ones I know about, but I heard that BBC is going to do a new series on specific regions separately. If I remember correctly they're doing north america first. 
"Scar, help me!"
Here, you dropped this.,
What movie is this?
Is a commercial for wendys I think. 
I vaguely remember it being a commercial, I think. Can't remember for what, though.
I'm not sure, I couldn't tell if it was a commercial or an old school PC game. It's not the highest of quality.
Repost...but it's a good GIF
Pretty much my reaction the first time I saw a tarantula in the wild.
#lata
Dude that was a tactical retreat. Did you see that spider leg?
Id launch myself too if i saw a tarantula coming towards me, shiiiitt
I say nope to this repost
"Peace. I'm out."
That's how I feel when my mother wakes up and emerges from her room before she has had her coffee.
What are you, 12?
What are you, a dick? 
Nope, just making a joke.
Fuck u I 3 mariwanas
Does this frog live! I must know!
I would give you some food, but I can't. :(
Nope
Again?
Repost
This has been reposted a literally tens of times

Frog handled it with more grace than I would have.
Reminds me of Limbo....
Me too frog, me too. 
Repost.
Just about everything is a repost. 
Reposted so many times.
This is the Pebble Toad. It lives on steep rocks and has evolved an evasive strategy. When it gets scared, it immidiately freezes, and becomes rigid, and falls down into the pits of the sharp rocks, protecting it from predators like spiders. Awesome.
That GIF is from the Life series.  It shows the big tumble the toad takes after that.  Make sure you get the BBC version unless you want to hear Oprah narrate.
You get a spider! You get a spider! Everyone gets a spider!
Someday spiders will evolve hunting packs, and will have one run around the peaks while the rest wait at the bottom (or so I hope)
got y'all with the vid ;)
That falling shit was intense as hell.
That's some straight up, uh, . scenery there.
HOLY SHIT.  That shot at . is straight up the most amazing shot I've ever seen in a nature documentary.  .EDIT: And how in the . did they get that series of closeups of the thing bouncing down the hill?  How did they know where it was going to land in each shot?  WTF mind blown.
That's the kinda shit you see in a horror movie where someone's looking around their house for a serial killer, they check a room and see it's empty, move on, then you see him move in the shadows.
they did it in a few takes with the frog going up and down the hill. after the frog falls, they grab the spider and bring him back to his starting position. they filmed this over the span of 2 days
Okay, then how did they get the spider and frog to hit their marks?
magnets and shit
You hope spiders evolve to the point of hunting packs? Are you fucking insane?
It would be terrifying, but seeing evolution in process is fucking 
A fucking pack of spiders on the hunt would be terrifying..There should be a word for a group of spiders a la .. Any ideas?.How about a spindle of spiders?
I'm partial to a horror of spiders.
Murder of spiders sounds more appropriate. Annihilation, extermination, all they want to do is watch us humans suffer in fear.
Plot twist, Centurijon is a spider.

Mah oreophrynella_nigra.
This post is just everything I hope for in Reddit 
He transmuted through the booty straight to heaven. This is the way I hope to go as well. hahahah
Welcome to the common sense party
So true...
What a gem. I'm using this.
pretty sure a large percent of the chronically homeless are disabled or have mental illness. not exactly the type you'd hire to work around your house..She could have just as well asked him why he didn't make this deal to a homeless man. 
2 party system is broken... Do we not have ANY independent thinkers?
One or two. Do not worry though. I speculate that the Republican Party will split between the north and south due to disagreements within the party itself.
I've heard that the northern Republicans are going to form the Freedom Party. 
I think i love you.
Reminds me of another government .. Sorry for the quality.
Might have better luck posting this in . .I laughed though
Welcome to conservative social-monetary policy oversimplified, not the Republican party; that's a whole other bag of worms. 
Problem is people don't feel comfortable asking a homeless person to come to their home. A young person whose background you know on the other hand. Republican Party presumes all homeless can become fully employed if they simply choose to do so. That makes them Pollyanna 
Problem is its not about the homeless guy but about bums that want to live off other people's money

Everything seems so simple after it's oversimplified. Weird.
And don't forget to spend $150 of your $50 on Haliburton and a war in Iraq.
No area code?  I remember those days
I'm thinking of average joes right now 
Still is like that in small towns...
This is my problem. I was ugly before I was fat, now I'm just ugly . fat. I don't have much of a motivation to lose weight, when it's not restricting me, I don't work the kind of job that being overweight would really effect. I get it's not very healthy, but most of what people find pleasure in isn't healthy.
Hey, with a nice body you can easier land a girl with a nice body.
and you are still tired
At Globogym we're better than you, and we know it!
Don't get the alfredo sauce.
So that's where secret sauce came from.
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
God damn it r/funny, I wanted to know the actual anatomy of a spider.
You shoud replace all the the nope with hate pans pure hate:D
Yeah, I wanted to know the real anatomy the last time this was posted. And the time before that. And before that. And before that....Why do I keep clicking on it?
Jumping on this repost train to plug .. 
Sound advice from clearly a classy gentleman
U MAD BRO? LOLOL, YEAH U MAD.
Is that some sort of reference to bird's nest soup?
My dog is more like, "Soo...I shit on the rug and the cat food is gone. Good morning."

thanks!  i also enjoyed your literal take.  
Thank you for the inspiration. I had a creative block and couldn't think of a third one until you said clam for some odd reason. I kept getting stuck on a curtain....but it does not make sense without meat.
this might be getting over technical.  how about instead of a cat, steve martin as ruprecht from dirty rotten scoundrels with a clam for a head saying "mother?"
I live in Chapel Hill, it has been the most frustrating month(s) of weather ever
They misspelled bright so what did you expect?
Such an old statue! It has an iphone 4 in its hand, soooooooo long ago
What's the problem here?
Thanks for making me laugh out loud at work.
I spent way too long thinking there was a problem with those soft baked cookies.
One of us One of us One of us
All he needs now is a cat
His poor soul is ours now...
You should have just got him addicted to heroin, then at least he'd have a chance
Welcome!
You monster
Fly, you fool!
Fuck the sytstem.
That's lil' Bub!!!
Awesome... Nice album in the background . tame impala ftw
Derp-de-derp-mrrrow-derp
This goes on my "If I win the lottery and design my own house" list.
Is that a skylight window over your toilet!? 
yes, and I'm referring to it as God's Throne
Holy Shit! 
Plot twist: The camp counselors lied to you and it really is a zombie virus outbreak.
Save for the bed-side drawers, is your apartment a padded cell? 
The horse is looking RIGHT AT ME!
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
I clicked on this expecting some titties. Op needs to deliver. 
More like, 'HEY GUY, get the fuck off my dress!'...
Dude fucking delete that post. That's too graphic even for NSFW
TBH, if your boss is standing behind you looking at your screen then reddit as a whole is probably NSFW. And if nobody is looking at your screen then a Brazzers movie is safe for work.
Is that the fat controller from Thomas the tank engine?
Get that disgusting filth out of here! I for one am appalled by what you have posted. It is too scandalous!
Or eelllbooow.
North Korean porn...
I too am upset that my desire to have pornography pointed out to me so that I don't have to find it myself isn't everyone else's top priority.
ANKLE SLUT!
Me and this other guy were on a job site checkin out this chic walking by. He said, "Nah, her ankles are too skinny." I thought it was kind of weird but I just said, "What's it matter when they're sitting on your shoulders?"
I really like the nsfw tag though. I don't like being a school and having to explain to my teacher why there are tranny hookers on my phone.
more like NSFL in reddit's standards
I just jerked it so hard to that ankle.
Surely there is a backstory to this. Deliver or be accused of sodomy OP.
Repost, with the same title. NSFW has been this way for a while...
Repost.
still relevant
So you decided to use an NSFW tag on something that wasn't?  Cool
implying OP has a job.
Now I'm fired. Thanks.
You guys should see it over on 9gag. You get memes that are flagged as NSFW ffs! As if a confession bear is going to be not suitable for work. At least many of them I've already seen on reddit, and remember the title.
What counts as original content these days..posts like this.
I'm sorry I have a job... I'm not at my dark room jerk station all day.
If I was God-emperor if Earth, I would have all people who use the word "dat" executed, along with their families. 
In a sense...a handjob from her would kinda be like a blowjob too.
Well the point of NSFW is so if you're at work, people don't see you looking at weird stuff. Most of the things I see with NSFW I would not want people seeing at work.
I know. Every nsfw tag in the porn subs is an album of like 5,000 pics of some girl and in one, maybe, she shows some side boob. 
Am I the only one who would get in trouble if I was caught on reddit period?

I hate when long text posts are labeled NSFW. I doubt anyone's boss is going to pass by and read 3 pages of whatever is up on your screen.
This is apparently what counts as funny these days
I think its more of a 'better safe than sorry' thing....


The filthy mare!
Picture has an attractive female in it?  Better label it NSFW.
 (middle-east style)
Apparently Victorian men were so conflicted and confused about sex that table legs were deemed immoral and were either hidden, ignored, it in some cases kicked. 
In all honesty .... something you wouldn't feel fine showing your HR Director.
I'm curious what type of job so many people seem to have that allows them to browse reddit during work. If I were an employer I would have mixed feeling about employees redditing. It's obviously very informative and helps people maintain their psychological balance but I could see it being very bad for productivity if users were not good at self policing. Just a notion.
Some jobs, like mine, are very hurry-up-and-wait; that is, you can sit around for hours never knowing some urgent task will come your way. Most employers (that I've had, anyway) also allow for some down time and don't expect 8 hours straight of work with no break. It could be chatting with other employees, or a walk around the block, or browsing reddit. 
That makes a lot of sense. I used to work as a contractor coming in to offices and working on their PCs then leaving. I was amazed how little work seemed to be happening in the bigger offices, particularly the government ones. Everyone just seems to float about chatting. Obviously there's some volume of actual work getting done. My question is, what is the level of actual productive man hours work versus total time spent at work?  
Highly variable. Some days I've crammed what should have been 10 hours of work into an 8-hour day (no overtime allowed), and others 2. My preference is somewhere in between. 
seriously? my boss just came in and asked me what tomfoolery I was looking at!
Dat repost
This is what counts as funny these days?
I would rather have it over used than not used enough.
NSFW in the middle east, maybe.
Risky click of the day.
dem ankles
Wow repost.. same title too
Yeah I liked that last month when I saw it as well.
I tip my top hat to your tiptop top of the top of your tiptoe. Dat ankle indeed.
The real question is, what are you doing on reddit when you're supposed to be working? Don't give me that lunchbreak crap either. If you are in fear of your boss seeing what you are doing online, you shouldn't be doing it to begin with. Get back to work or resign so I can take your job. Some people would actually like to work. 
What exactly do you think NSFW means? The tag wouldn't exist if people weren't on the internet at work. 
Here's the difference: I might get a warning for being on reddit at work. I will get fired for looking at something marked [NSFW] at work.
Point is, you are still on reddit at work. Reddit is not needed for work in 99% of the jobs out there. I'm glad that I am in need of a job currently, but can't get one because people that fuck off all day browsing the web (reddit) are still employed somehow, hogging all the jobs I could be doing. 
second this opinion.  quit jacking around on the clock.
There are workplaces where you can only do a certain amount of work and if there's nothing more to do - you have to wait for work to come to you (literally) - then you are allowed to kill time with the Internet. .That includes Reddit but nothing that's NSFW. Get it? It's not that you're not allowed to browse at all but that certain stuff just aren't ok.
[deleted]
Not necessarily. I can browse articles I find off Reddit and be fine. A picture of some chick posing in front of her mirror, clothed or not, will be  a little harder to explain.
Browsing Reddit posting a shit picture of your shit self with your shit girlfriend and shit pets when you should be working is NSFW in and of itself. REDDIT is not SFW if you're supposed to be working. .Get some fucking work done punks. .My friend works for a public school system. So far last year 2 teachers have been fired for using the Internet for non work related things. I am ALL for that. If you're at work, not on break, then fucking work. I don't want to see your stupid fucking advice animals memes that have been posted countless times already  unless you're doing it on your own time. And even then who gives a fuck, you suck shit anyway. 
I agree, The amount of unnecessary NSFW tags is too damn high.
Dat kankle!
SMOKIN' hot!
The bulk of the people that use the NSFW tag probably don't even know what it stands for... Simple as that.
I know, OP is going to go to hell.
You can thank women for that.
Why are you getting downvoted?  Its the truth.
I find it humorous/sad that women expect equal treatment in the workplace and when they are treated equally they file HR incidents and then wonder why they are not treated equally.  Feminists are their own worst enemies and they don't understand why.
repost this a few more times please.  I didn't get it before.
It looks like she's actually inspecting a period stain on her ass. 
truly it does not look like that
This lady's flashing her privates"
All for Silas...
ITT: People without jobs
works for about all default subreddits.
Clearly you've never been to 
Why is that purple? ;_;.I... got hacked... 
I'm goin' in!. I... I'm so... ..
Click that at your peril.
I can tackle this lot single-handed!
I guess the other hand is busy masturbating?
_
I know some people believe NSFW should mean only boobies, but lets look at what terms actually means. Not Safe For Work....It doesn't have to be boobies to get in deep shit for looking at it. Think of an office environment, would it be safe to look at something there? If no, NSFW.  
Its not about boobies. Why do text posts count as NSFW?
If you've seen Office Space, imagine if Corporate Accounts Payable's Mina was looking over your shoulder.  If she read "Should Snowden be made the official King of Freedom for all time?" even if she got so upset that she reported it to Human Resources, you couldn't get in any trouble.  If you get reported to HR for reading a whole page of users' accounts of their personal cum drinking records, then you can get censured or even fired for reading sexual material at work.
Stories about sex and other things can get caught in a filter companies use to monitor what employees are looking at. .Once again the NSFW rule should be applied to posts regarding "should I be looking at this in an office." 
I have posters of chicks in bikinis on my office wall 
And if someone doesn't feel they should be there HR could require you to take them down
I really don't understand the logic of people that complain about it. If they wanted to see some naked women in a NSFW post, why not just go to the appropriate sub for that?  
Because even in those subs, you get nsfw tags on non nude posts. I hear what people here are saying about nsfw meaning more than nudity, but maybe (looking at you mods) there could be a nude/rated x/nc-17 tag?
I think for most subs like those everything is automatically tagged as NSFW.
Exactly. There is a subreddit called r/NSFW filled with boobies. Why does it have to be on every sub? 
Also a . full of boobies
REPOST: .OP:

ha, faggot


I think I cut myself on the edge of this comment. 
Ooh, that's bold.
How about now?
woah dude, people are trying to work here, sheesh
yeah but its abused horribly.  I look up nsfw links on my phone and I'm always like where the fuck are the disgusting vagina pics?
[deleted]
Well he did ask for them...
damn , sensed sarcasm .payed the price
Sorry buddy!
Have a palate cleanser:
.
NSFW? Maybe?
I'm still mad.
Deal with it
Whatever man, I don't love you anymore.
Excuse me
"you don't realize the importance of a nsfw tag, until you are actually at work" flaming_churro 2013 
Euphoric
Enlightened
I am at work, and let me tell you, written curse words, a dead animal, and depictions of death and/or violence ARE NOT FUCKING NSFW.  Where the fuck do you people work where you'd get in more trouble for looking at that than you would for looking at reddit instead of working?  I mean, if you work at a childcare facility, or a christian bookstore maybe, otherwise, grow up.
Where I work, most don't apply... but don't underestimate  corporate world..I work with Muslims. They could send me to HR for pictures of the twin towers.  I work with Christians, they might send me to HR for abortion pics or obviously homosexual pictures.  I work with vegans. They might send me to HR for watching a video about how animals are slaughtered.  I work with pacifists... I work with Africans, Americans, Indians, Chinese, Japanese, Russians, Greeks, English... .That is a list of only the cultures I know in a company of around 10,000 people.."NSFW" tells me to double check who is around.  In my opinion, it cannot be over used.
They can all go fuck themselves!  Me too!.[Edit: they can't go fuck me, I can go fuck me if I get over sensitive about a picture]
have you already gotten your first warning?
Ya, most people just want to see tits when they see that tag, so they get upset when it's just something that might be a bit too racy for work but doesn't include tits.
Its overuse has rendered it quite useless.
It would be useless if under used 
This. People overreact when you ask for NSFW tag but one really doesn't want to click on NSFW material at the majority of workplaces. Or at least you want to know beforehand what you can expect.
Why aren't you working at work?.This is why all of your jobs are getting outsourced, because you don't fucking do them. .edit: the truth it hurts!
LITERALLY THIS.This.This .This.This.This.This.This .This.This.This.This.This.LITERALLY THIS.This.This .This.This.This.This.This .This.This.This.This.This
I work at a helpdesk. If there's no calls and no e-mails and the tickets are checked/cleared then of course it's ok for us to browse the internet. The other option would be to just sit in front of the computer..Maybe at other places but fortunately not at mine. We do our work perfectly and when there's nothing to do there's literally nothing to do. It's not being lazy. Of course you could maybe clean but that's not my job..Edit; misspelled a word.
Yeah I'm sure if I asked your management they'd say you really have nothing more productive to do. 
I've never felt so good downvoting someone.
LITERALLY THIS.This.This .This.This.This.This.This .This.This.This.This.This.LITERALLY THIS.This.This .This.This.This.This.This .This.This.This.This.This
Yes, but over tagging doesnt help either.  I am at work, but when I see people put the NSFW tag for a picture of a cooked squirrel on a stick it just ends up making me skeptical if things are actually NSFW and so I end up clicking on them more often.  Caution is great, but dont degrade the tag to be less than it should because then people wont take it seriously
I work at a place where I'll share porn videos with people I know. It's cool and funny....But I want to know if I should be looking over my shoulder to be sure it's not the one feminist, or uptight manager, or muslem still insecure about 9/11 (I work with several), or an uptight Christian (several of those too), before clicking the link.  All these people are good people, but might not get the link I click on.  And might be walking by at anytime..They don't care if I'm surfing the web, but I ALWAYS appreciate a NSFW tag..It is way better to miss something cool and not pay a visit to HR than vice versa.
Despite your way with words, you make a very valid point.
Thank you. .I'm no poet.
I've never understood what the downside of caution is with this issue.
But I want an easier way to find boobies! Just searching google for "boobs" is way too hard! ./S
Same here. Better to be safe than sorry.
It looks like an underground lab, he's probably a villain. 
 first thing I thought of when seeing this. 
He does have bigger breasts than her.
Not sure which one is creepier...
Watch out, he'll stab you with a brick.
That guy is oddly mesmerizing. 
What, no nail polish?
I think I just confirmed my bisexuality.
No no no, the hair is ALL wrong
I love this man
why was that picture taken in an airport?
Thought that was UberHaxorNova for a moment.
"Close enough" does not do this justice. Far exceeds would be better.
Hot damn. I think that's more than close.
Well, that's never coming out of my mind.....
who is that guy??? i see his pictures everywhere.
He is a cross-dressing Russian bodybuilder and professional attention whore.
He has amazing legs though, if I'm thinking of the right person.
I'll take it!
Chick on the right is hot.
Lana Del Rey
Nip slip!
I see a nipple!
Lana = Hipster Britney.
Her nails are disgusting. Why do other girls think it looks good?
I'm a man and I don't.  They look sharp and bloody, that's not attractive.
I dont know which one is more attractive and I'm male
So what? It's normal for a guy to be attracted to two beautiful women.
Erm..
Upvote for Lana!
Lana Del Gay
Nailed it bro
On the right is Pavel Petel, the guy is a fucking monster, hell, if I had even half the body he had I'd be running around naked too! 
I must ask, is anyone else annoyed that the beard and body hair are black and his hair on his head is blonde? It's like girls with thick black bushy eyebrows and blonde hair. 
Well, he being a dude and that being a wig, not really!
I never knew who he was, but random odd pictures of him pop up all the time on my FB feed and on Reddit.  What's his story? 
Russian male supermodel, is motto is: "From Russia, with Butt!" He basically shows up everywhere he can nude or cross dressing, it's fucking hilarious because he's completely comfortable with himself so he has no objections about it (let's be serious, with the way he looks, he can get away with it!). I fucking envy this dudes confidence.
He's a cross dresser, he's Russian and lives in Moscow..The genre of his photographs would be "genderfuck," because he blends the masculine (e.g., his incredibly built body and beard, and tbqh impressive bulge) and the feminine (high heels, stance, wigs, makeup, etc.). His tumblr is interesting, and NSFW at all.
So what will happen to him with Russia's new anti-gay laws?
Probably bad things. Maybe he'll leave Moscow?
The first thing I see on his Tumblr... 
I didn't get hard. I totally passed the gay test. 
You missed out then.
You have to go DEEPER!.Like all tumblr's, their SFW qualities vary wildly. I went to his tumblr one day and the first post was him completely in the buff wearing a wig making the buffalo Bill pose from Silence of the Lambs.
Why not... Just not go there?
Was it that bad? I never went there. 
It was a pretty aggressive circle jerk, and it could get downright unpleasant in there at times
It used to be a great place for atheists to share news, stories and support each other, and then it got moderated to death in two huge changes and became nothing but a subreddit dedicated to religion-related news stories.
Men that wear girl pants don't care, they're gay.
Turns out a lot of people in . enjoy tight pants. To each his own I guess.
have you ever worn girl pants? that shit is comfortable
Its what all the cool kids are doing man.
yea if you can fit your micro dick in that shit
im just curious... where does his junk go...? i feel like if i wore pants like that it would feel like my junk was duck taped tightly to my leg....
Yeah, fuck self expression
oh i can, and i do often.
Um... These are actually hot! What do u wear? Clown pants?
Hey man, I look damn good in some tight pants.
I don't think I would take a redditors advice on how to dress.
Classic neckbeard post
Hey how about you let people wear what they want?
Reddit hates skinny jeans.. we know. 
They only like baggy cargo pants with the extra pockets.
Needs more beards.
I'm pretty sure that is not dirt on the suction cup and that it actually burst into flame.
I kind of see it in the beaver....
This reminds me of one of my all-time favourite Monty Python moments - from Life of Brian:.Brian to a large crowd:  You're all individuals!
Lone Man in Crowd:  I'm not...
Now THAT is how you do it.
....and here come the repost comments.
damn right! RRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEPPPOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSST!!!!!
Thank you repost police!  Can you help out my future posts since I haven't been on reddit since it began?.Can you please collect all posts ever and compile them for me.  I figure it may take me a year or so, but I will study them closely to insure no more reposts will be made..Either that or you can go fuck yourself.  Your choice.
I fuck myself without you telling me to.
Good.  Then I'll make my posts and sometimes they will be reposts.  You can continue to have your way with yourself..Everyone is a winner!
Or you could just make OC and there will never be another problem with reposts.
OR i could just continue to share things I think are interesting on reddit.  You don't have too much OC yourself.....I actually have a good bit.And so on..To be honest, I just wanted to repost my own OC.
Repost
Thank you repost police! Can you help out my future posts since I haven't been on reddit since it began?.Can you please collect all posts ever and compile them for me. I figure it may take me a year or so, but I will study them closely to insure no more reposts will be made..Either that or you can go fuck yourself. Your choice.
he wasn't the first host, hopefully aisha won't be the last. she's gonna do fine and people will get used to it.
Not just Drew, . Drew. 
I honestly wasn't that big a fan of Drew Carey as host. I know this isn't a popular opinion here, but he always seemed so...gah, I don't know, just unfunny, I guess. Clive Anderson really did it for me. Jury's still out on Aisha Tyler, obviously.
Yeah he was a really good host! I wish he could come back
Bring back Clive.
You can't have everything OP.
Repost
that dude is desperately hoping one of his friends or co-workers walks by so he can look like  big pimp.
This is a frame from The Californians: Karina Returns sketch on SNL.  This frame is Maya Rudolph, about 6:35 into the sketch hosted ..
"Stuaaart?? wwwwwwwhat are youuu dewwing hurrrrr"
At first glance I thought that was Frasier standing up in the front.
Looks totally shopped...I feel like people would be reacting more if it was in fact, real.
ahhh got to love air america a tv per like 4 rows. air canada has a tv for every seat 
Maya Rudolph is now a flight attendant?.Edit: spelling.
That's how I feel when I realize I'm flying on an MD80 in a row next to the engine.
You're not alone!
That just HAS to be Kelsey Grammer!
We dare to dream
Was the announcement to turn off all electric devices? Follow up question: Are you a .?
Fright Attendants - Serving terror, brought to you by M Night.

And I jizzed in my pants.
I have been zombie-clicking all of my blue links for the past 20 minutes. This is the only one that made me laugh. And oh boy did I laugh.
how
He watches SNL..That tells you a lot about the kind of life he lives. 
This was one of the better SNL sketches recently, so seeing this frame of Maya made me want to go rewatch it.  As I rewatched it, I pointed out the time of that frame to post on reddit, because karma.
9/10 would bang
That boob to boob ratio is a little off. I'd say D:C?
She has some nice wood..
Look, squirrel! 
How do we know this was just a yawn? :P
like a fat blob?
This might go over in . better.
We wear the shirts like that for free drinks.  If you're generous enough and feign interest in our lame gossipy conversation you might just get lucky!
But that doge looks like hes just straight chillin tho
She's like "Dees bitches be crazy"
The tan one is calm. The black one that's on top of her is a crazy 7 month old, who likes to jump.
Poor kid.
Don't worry, she's fine! She gets along great with them, she had just woken up in this picture though, which explains the miserable look.
Oh. I get it. I'm always crabby when I wake too.
Awwww she's adorable
oh shit haha I didn't even notice that the black thing was a dog
I had a dream that my wife let me buy these. Then I remembered that she would never let me waste money on snacks. It's sad.
Stuff a pillow with it and give it as a gift to someone who's allergic to cats. Simply evil.

Happens every time I brush any of my animals
Why did he pile his pubes next to his freshly brushed cat?
ITT : stoners who won't admit weed has a bad side like everything else.
I hope the smog doesn't kill all the wildlife. Better book your safari soon!
Why is Hawaii pointed out?
Not because he is a stone probably coz he is american :D
Who knew we were remotely close to be considered continent. But as a man from Hawaii I accept this honor on the behalf of our people. Or maybe he threw us in the mix because of our weed
This actually made me giggle. Congratulations
Was he high at the moment?
If smoked excessively under 18 it does an average of 8 iq points of damage, and does not do damage to long term memory. That`s very excessive smoking too.  
The study that claimed that marijuana lowered IQ was run by idiots who said IN THE ABSTRACT that they were trying to prove that weed was bad. The study itself was also flawed.
A separate study found a 4.1 point iq loss, still considerable damage and it was better done and by reputable scientists in Canada.  .Although it may or may not be correct, it still shows likelyhood of at least a small IQ loss.
Also the people who made it were sponsored by USA anti-drug agencies so of course they wanted to prove weed was bad(tainting the study slightly perhaps) 
Your friend has finally smoked himself retarded. 
Nothing to do with being stoned, your mate is just retarded. 
Either he's a moron or he was fucking with you. I'd definitely fuck with my prudish friends whilst high.  Not saying you are though, but maybe
How many sober people do you know that can name the continents properly?
I'm a complete stoner, I didn't think this shit was hard. It's 7 continents and I could name them off in a second in the first grade. Subsequently I told my other friends about this and then tested them...they all failed.
I really didn't think this shit was that hard.
Btw. China is not a continent .....
I'm pretty sure that is still a better response than you would get out of Sarah Palin.
I'm sorry about your friend, there'll be a cure for HIV and cancer in a few hundred years at least, but you can't cure fucking stupid.
Uh.... I don't know them either..My reasons:
Why is China outlined in red?  Is it meant to imply it is a continent in itself?
It was just the first map I found with no names already on it in a google search.
It's not difficult to name the continents if you know what they are and you care. I think the problem is that most people just don't know or care..A few weeks ago I was talking to my wife about what would happen if the sun went out. She said "We'll, you won't see the stars any more...", to which I replied "What?!!?". She said, "if the sun goes out, there is no light left to reflect off the stars, so you wouldn't see them anymore"..I didn't know what to say, so I asked my boss and he said "well, she's right, if there is not light from the sun to reflect off the stars, how would you see them?"..Like the continents are obvious to you, stars are obvious to me. .Some people just don't know.
Aren't stars suns? We need light to reflect off light to see light??
Seeing as it's a part of the world and there's only 7, plus 2 are basically the same. I'm looking at you North and South America, I don't see why anyone can defend this as not being ignorant..What your wife and boss said about the stars is pretty dumb but it also takes a consideration of knowing a bit about astrology, if only a little. If naming the 7 continents is an assignment in first grade and you can't name them now as a grown adult then you might be dumber than a first grader..EDIT: Not calling you dumb, I'm saying this for anyone who legitimately cannot name them.
Stars are like our Sun. Some are bigger, some are smaller, some are hotter, some are colder. But most stars give off plenty of light.
I call the continents : Eurasia, North America, South America, Antartica, Oceania and Africa..Sometimes people separate Europe and Asia, and sometimes we call call Oceania Australia..I am not even sure what the current official names are.
He probably just didn't give a fuck because you're blowing his buzz with your little quizzes.
fucking moron. 
You can't even use Google? Looks like your friend is in the right crowd.
If you're high and you still can't name the seven continents, you have a lot more to worry about than being a stoner.
I am pretty sure your friend was an idiot LONG before he got stoned the first time. 
You mean your stupid friend. .FTFY
It has nothing to do with weed. He's just a moron.
Knowing this kid came from a private school and used to be the kid everyone cheated off of in class. I'm gonna go out and say it's the 5 years of non stop bowl after bowl. I love weed but even I have to admit that much at once and non stop can fuck your brain up.
must be a "special" private school
I smoke weed everyday and have for the past 7 years, a few months ago I had an opportunity to take the mensa exam free online, I qualified and I had just come inside from hitting my bong.  My friend who never smokes and sent me the link failed to qualify.  Maybe I would have seen an improvement in my performance had I never smoked up, but if you think it will take you from the smartest kid in the class to a retard of this caliber, you are mistaken.
They call it dope for a reason.
There's no scientific basis for this. This is just fear mongering about a substance that already has enough disinformation circulating about it. .So stupid.
He's an idiot
no that is just wrong I believe that you are full of shit.  it doesn't do anything to decrease IQ or "fuck your brain up"  
So you know the effects of 20+ bowls of high grade chronic plus joints and blunts galore everyday for 5+ years straight on a developing mind will do nothing harmful at all? .There's no such thing as a biological free lunch, everything has some sort of affect on you. Claiming you know for a fact it doesn't proves you're blowing smoke. It's not even understood fully how water works so what makes you think people know shit about shit about the affects it has? Especially something that has been blocked from being studied?.I'm not bad mouthing stoners, they come in all shapes and sizes and I love most of them dearly. I'm smoking my David Goldstein Rooster Apparatus right now as well. But it doesn't mean smoking won't have an adverse affect on my memory. Pretty sure it's common knowledge that smoking makes you forget things. 
In my opinion it depends on the person, their age/work ethic/environment etc.. I smoke multiple times daily and started a few years ago and can't say forsure but I definitely feel like it has taken a toll on my thought process and simple things like naming the continents. 
"it's not even understood fully how water works."  yeah, magnets either huh?
It's a toomah
yes but go look up the side effects on any website and it's always going to be SHORT-term memory loss. As in, while you're stoned, you might forget. But if he can't name them when he's sober, then well he's just a moron or he forgot his world geography for another reason
You're a moron. Please please do all of us normal smokers a favor and don't ever tell anyone else you're a major proponent for marijuana, I don't want them thinking most of us are as retarded as you.
IT'S NOT A TOOMAH, it's not a toomah...
Yes, smoking constantly while not engaging your brain in any form of activity such as learning in school will cause your IQ to start declining. That happens anyways, whether you smoke or not, which is why you don't remember everything you've learned in school. People who act as if Marijuana doesn't have . negative effects are stupid.
It's not the weed. I've smoked all day, everyday for the better part of a decade and my mind is sharper than it's ever been and I attribute a lot of that to my smoking habits. You can test well in school and "cheated off of" and still be plenty stupid, I've seen it. It's just simple study retention and when they no longer need the information they forget it. I would venture his friend was moronic and lazy to begin with who never used his brain for more than school work. Not ever . the information you're given is one of the main reasons we forget. When memories are rarely accessed, they begin to decay over time.
I all likely hood, he has been doing other substances in addition to the weed. There is good evidence that many of the harder drugs (heroin, methamphetamine, cocaine, etc...) cause damage to ones ability to reason and think clearly..The amount of change caused by prolonged marijuana use is extremely minor compared to the effects of say, prolonged alcoholism or meth addiction. It certainly would not cause a student to go from "the kid everyone cheated of off" to being unable to name the seven continents (unless he was in the slow class, then maybe I could see it).
It's more of a lifestyle change he had. I am a major proponent for marijuana and love to smoke it so no judgements on any of my stoner friends. However no, he has not done other drugs. Literally ounces of weed a week inhaled while he was still a growing teenager. .He can still do some tricky shit but he just won't remember doing it. Now he's so deep in it he can't even remember basic things like the continents or how to get somewhere on time instead of an hour late.
I was an average student, have been smoking weed pretty much constantly for about 12 years, and have no problem naming and locating the 7 continents.
Sharks cracking math jokes? Awesome. Do you have more of these?
OP you fail it's a math joke. You called it a Grammar Shark. Funny though.
Shameless plug for .. 
Damn, I actual was thinking there was something that would have helped me.
Nope, just another repost.
"Not sure if repost" = This is a repost but I'm safe from lynching.
This is actually a strange type of dyslexia. My mother has this. She's not stupid by any means, but for some reason she has trouble with expressions like that in reference to time. She also cannot do right and left to save her soul. I also have difficulty with right and left, and I feel that this should be something which is automatic but my brain just won't do it. (My mom and I are pretty funny when one of us is driving and the other is trying to give directions. Half the time we both get it wrong, so we end up turning the right way anyhow.)
we must stop idolizing these talentless "celebrities". Remember when you had to be super talented or super smart to be famous? Pepperidge Farm remembers. 
She looks like a human beet.
Hahaha ok yes she is stupid but...I kind of have to agree with what she is trying to say. It's not like I wouldn't know what the time was if someone said a quarter to 2 but really...why not just say 1:45?
Now I feel bad because I've always been shit at figuring that out. Every time someone tells me "quarter 'til" I can't put it together in my head.
And while we're at it, How's everyone enjoying the new season of Seinfeld?
DAE SNOOKI IS FUCKIN STUPID BECAUSE I CARE ABOUT THIS IDIOT ACTING LIKE SHE'S AN IDIOT SO SHE GETS PAID.FUCKING FUCK YOU WITH YOUR SHITTY MEMES GET THE FUCK OUT OF FUNNY
Says the guy extremely late on snooki, as well as misusing memes.
That wasnt snooki but her less relevant twin skooki
To be fair, im the same way with time. 
A major branch of entertainment in the U.S. is based on stupid black people. All the trial shows (think Judge Judy) feature a steady stream of ignorant people suing each other and the majority are black. Shows like Jerry Springer showcase them daily. I think this is racism dressed up as reality TV. 
I used to think a quarter was 25 minutes because a quarter was 25 cents. So a quarter after 1 would be 1:25. 
Im gonna end my life. I never thougt I'd ever agree with anything she ever said...
Ppl might yell and post bang me(insult)  but I would bang her
THAT IS NOT THE CORRECT USE OF THE FARNSWORTH MEME! GOODNIGHT!
...its a scripted show...
i just really hope they do this on purpose
South Park. That is all..
This explains why she is always 45 minutes late...
The amount of stupid in this thread is astounding.
Yes apparently she has a vagina.
No. Just no, we have to stop these things before they keep reappearing, I had forgotten, and now I remember, so. No.
I can't understand that form of time telling either. 
This would also work great with Farnsworth saying "I don't want to live on this planet anymore".
The male version of that thing slept with that thing.
The only thing bothering me with this post besides Snookis stupidity is that The comic uses the meme wrong
Best case scenario, she was thinking of a literal quarter, and was rounding 25 minutes to 2:30. In reality, she's just an idiot.
I thought that was a black woman until I read the title.
It is a repost, and you know damn well it is too!
What goes on in my head every single time someone gives me a complicated answer such as quarter to 2.....First I have to picture a clock in my head, then I think about what the person said... quarter. Ok, so how much is a quarter? 25 cents, 25 minutes wouldn't make sense since dollars are in decimal and time is sexagesimal. So then I ask, how many times does 25 cents fit into a dollar? 4 times. Okay, so I then picture the clock and divide it by 4. 15 minutes represents a quarter (not 25)... then if I'm lucky, I remember what the person actually said. .TLDR: If there was another word to represents 15 minute intervals I wouldn't be in this mess. I just always associate a quarter with 25 cents, not a ratio. 
She's an actress/entertainer. She gets paid..JESUS I cannot believe Americans are still so stupid that they think these celebrities are this stupid..Some are, but Snooki is among a group of celebrities that created a personality so they are popular and can make money/a career. .Please stop falling for it. 
The obvious ones crash their cars and spend all of their money or do weird shit to their relationships with people. The obviously stupid celebrities will give you a lot of reason to think they're stupid..If you realize they're only SAYING stupid things and doing stupid things ON CAMERA, it's time to start thinking outside the box. Refer to .'s comment in this thread.
I'm going get hated to hell for this but; 
Of all the things she said, this is the only one I agree with..Please be nice...
Kardashians the the honey boo boo really need to die, but middle class housewives love it for some unknown reason.
Bitch that ain't a time thing, that's a math thing.
Can we discuss the incorrect usage of this meme? I mean, come on! I don't want to live on this planet anymore.
I feel like the property quote at the bottom should be "I don't want to live on this planet anymore"
Did you make it?.Well then, it's a repost.
It's 4:15, right?
 . 
Thank goodness the tides of the jersey shore have subsided and washed away that filth, hopefully for good.
Fuck all of the haters, she's hot..My Snooki poem:.I would bang her in the rear.I would bang her in a car.I would bang her near and far.I would bang her here or there.I would bang here anywhere.I would lick her in the box.I would lick her wearing socks.I would bang her in the dark.I would bang her in a park.I would and could in the rain.I would and could on a train.I would and could without pain.Lick her box.wearing socks.On a boat.I would gloat.On a train.In the rain.Without pain.In a park.In the dark.Either here.Or there.I would bang her anywhere
At least she recognizes the error of ways. That is a start. 
Gross
Waste of resources. An a child was spawned to carry on her idiocy 
You know she says those things because love believing she's that stupid
This reminds me: today a new girl at work seriously asked what time zone we're in. She grew up in this state. How do people like that survive? Can they only retain information that involves muscle memory, like trying shoes and being a bitch?
snooki is soooo 2 thousand and late.....everyone knows it's all about kanyay and kim 
Haha she needs a digital clock to be able to tell time
 
Haha, they called her Skooki.
Why does it say her name is skooki?
I actually said this yesterday... I mean its true, it saves easy math in the summer

Am I the only one who noticed it's not Snooki.. it's Skooki.
Who's SKOOKI? 
why does it say sKookie?  instead of snookie?
The fuck is "Skookie"
She made $150k each episode, I'd slam it too. 
I don't give a shit about these reality shows, but i'm gonna have to agree with her. I too, hate it when people tell time this way..
P.S: How's my comma usage Grammar Nazis? I Just browsed through a couple of links on how to use commas correctly, I'm not sure of the comma after too. 
If you have to include "not sure if repost), that means you're reposting it from somewhere.
Please stop posting about that person, I really don't want to know anything about her.
I find her entertaining, just because her stupidity usually comes with punchlines.  That's talent, there.
What the fuck does Farnsworth have to do with this?
Well, she also thinks that lobsters are the only animals that are alive before you kill them.
Did you make this? If not, then yes, it is a repost!
Not that i'd ever like to be, but in her defense, i have much the same problem.
A prime example of why we need a zombie apocalypse. 
When I was little I didn't know what quarter past or quarter till meant... I thought it was 25 till or 25 after. Makes more sense than thinking it means 12:30 1:30 etc 
RedditSummer
I can see where she's coming from. When I ask people for the time, just say the actual number. While I can understand the other stuff, its annoying. Its like going to the shop and instead of saying $7.89, the cashier says $2.11 from $10.
I really think it's all just an act to stir up public disgust and therefore attention/ratings.
Is it bad I'm the same way?
72 generations of that and hopefully you start to see where we went wrong when we killed Jesus.
Hell, Lumberg fucked her...
Well... At least she was able to back up her claim with evidence. 
I don't care what IQ you have, you've got to be pretty dumb to not know how to read an analog clock past the age of 10, and that's being rather generous. I don't recall ever seeing a digital clock in a school on the wall. We ALL knew how to read that clock in the classroom. .This kind of goes hand in hand with people that don't know how to operate a manual window in a car. What do you mean you don't know how to use it if it isn't a button? 
How the fuck is this funny? 
Wrong use of meme
Well I mean... she proved her point.
Wtf is a Skooki?
I think she may have said 2:30 as a example of time in a format she understands. She just finished saying that she doesn't know what a quarter till two means.
Steps to handle any further "not sure if repost" situations:.Did you create the content? 
I remember a previous post somewhere here that said someone met Snooki IRL and said that this is just an act for reality TV. 
Yes this is a repost. Pro tip: Karmadecay.com
"I don't want to live on this planet anymore"? ..... Anyone....
And she is a millionaire.
meme misuse!!!
I read somewhere that Snooki is actually intelligent, just portrays a dumbass on TV.
It genuinely annoys me that people like her are so catastrophically stupid and yet so successful
I think she's just playing a character now.
I'm with toots on this one. Just say the time, same amount of breath. 
Was it .?
Irish guy I used to know says the half hour differently, and I didn't know what he meant..In Canada, we say half past #.He said it differently, but I can't remember exactly what he said..I don't think it was just 'half #'. otherwise I would of caught on.
LPT: Using Quotes Properly.When quoting someone's speech and they use a quote, do the following:.If it's an unknown source or a general quote (like this meme) using italics is more than sufficient..If they quote a known source or a line with an implied author, use ' ' inside your " "."Like, if i ask you the time and you say: 'a quarter to 2', I wouldn't know"
I feel like an idiot now because that is still one of the few things I've NEVER been able to remember. "Quarter to four," "quarter till four" and "Quarter of four" are all phrases I hear but I don't know which ones mean 3:45 and which mean 4:15. 
Dumb bitch, quarter to 2 is 1:35.
Man, you got the wrong person. That's skooki. 
Trust me the breeding probably wasn't intentional.
Because no one has ever said something outrageous to get ratings. NO ONE.
If you found it elsewhere, its a repost
You are part of the problem. 
Do you not know that's not how the bottom image is used? 
I still haven't quite figured out whether "a quarter of five" means 4:45 or 5:15.  Age 30, IQ in the gifted range.  I'll give snooki a pass on this one.
Your meme is bad and you should feel bad
"Skooki"?
To be fair saying "half till" and "a quarter to", etc, are arbitrarily convoluted ways of saying a fairly simple number. I have no idea why it persists.
I worked at Kay jewelers. You wouldn't believe how many people who came in requesting digital watches, because their child or them couldn't read analog, or they had to have all the numbers on them. Sometimes watches only show 12, 3, 6, and 9, and people couldn't even read those. Sometimes they show no numbers. My mom made sure I knew how to read a clock, and constantly practiced with me.  .I know this isn't quite what she's talking about but it's relevant.
I'm just wondering why the closed captioning says "Skooki".
If the script calls for them to say stupid things, they follow the script... people, 'reality' shows are not . shows.
i wonder if these guys are payed to act stupid
Bullshit.
We have created these stereotypes that annoy us but get attention so that media stations get profit. It's like shock value but being an asshole. I call it cock value
I read the first panel and thought, 'Oh, she has trouble being on time.' Then I read the rest of it. I'm sad for humanity.
Skooki?
It's not exactly knowledge you need to use in many situations.
OMG this is so dumb!.Its Snooki not Skooki
Don't ya think its a bit soon for hurricane Sandy jokes? 
bothered me too 
Looked through the comments looking for this shit
A quarter is called that because it's a 1/4 of a dollar.
Yes I know, as mentioned previously I for some reason never associate the ratio - the first thing that always pops in my head is currency.
Theoretically, if one spends enough time in a hooker cooker one will become hot.
Like your comment.
However she may lack common sense.. 
none of them mean 4:15. They all mean 3:45. Think of the face of a clock. Divide it into 1/4ths (25%) 1/4 = 25% = 15min = quarter of an hour..Quarter to 4 = 15 to 4.
Quarter til 4 = same damn thing
Quarter of 4 = same damn thing.
What the fuck, no goddamn wonder I couldn't figure it out. See, I guess I have always been able to figure out the "to" and "til" because that makes sense, but the "of" makes me think, "15 minutes of the hour 4. So, 4:15" but when that was wrong too, I would later forget which word was counterintuitive. 
So how would someone say 4:15 then? Perhaps I forgot a phrase. 
Quarter past four.
quarter past 4. quarter after 4. etc
Oh duh. Sorry, I haven't heard these phrases in a while. If I heard them frequently then maybe I'd remember em. 
Not really. She admits that she can't understand it, but then expects everyone else to adapt to her shortcomings rather than ..
True. I do want to state, for the record, that I am not a fan of her. Or her shortcomings. 
Depending on how old you were I don't think this is that stupid. Mostly a really good example of children with solid reasoning skills but not enough information. .Another thing: Do people with digital watches not say "a quarter to four?" I've always had an analog watch but even if I look at a digital watch I say "quarter to/after" or "half past". Basically I always round to the nearest quarter. Unless it's necessary to be specific. But when people say 4:45 I have to picture it on a clock to know what time it is...
Well I figured it out long before snooki, so that's good.
Not if it killed took snooki away in its wake.
Fun fact: As a species we are actually breeding ourselves to be dumber.  People of higher intelligence simply have less children than those of lower intelligence.  Good luck future generations, good luck.
The average IQ has fallen since Victorian times.
That was the premise of the movie Idiocracy, and is a flawed premise. Have you heard of mutations?
Of course I've heard of mutations, I actually paid attention in school.  Do you care to elaborate with a point of some sort?  :P
They knew it was a repost, but saying that don't know let's them get away with it.
Or what really gets me are the people say: . haven't seen it. It's new to 
Your commas are correct; however, I would capitalize your "i" in "I'm" or write "I have to agree with her." I will permit "gonna" because it has become common slang and this isn't a formal paper.
Snooki isn't black.........She's just full of fake tanner.
Wat da faq. "Skooki"?
I haven't figured out what Brits mean when they say "half 6," either. Is that 5:30 (halfway between 5 and 6?) or 6:30 (half . six?) Or is it 3:00 (half . six?) .I get very confused.
They mean C
It's always past with half.
half 6 = 6:30, 5:30 would be "half 5" and 3:00 is just 3
Wow phed99 is a FAG.......... secretly I'd bang her
I think lots of men secretly want to bang her.
There's a fairly good chance, ever if you created the content, it's a repost. 
Someone bred with that thing for money and sudo-fame. 
*pseudo.Sudo just sounds like some form of martial arts.

To be absolutely honest with you, I ALWAYS have to check which timezone I live in and I live in Germany, so it's not like it changes that often... I simply can't remember it no matter what.
There's more than one timezone in Germany?.Edit: Nevermind, I see what you're saying.
Besides the fact no one ever says "quarter past" anyway... 
You aren't alone. I was desperately searching through the comments for someone else with this issue. 
A quarter of five = 4:45, A quarter after five = 5:15.
thanks dude!
I have never heard a quarter of 5, always either quarter to or a quarter past. 
I never heard it until I moved to the east coast.  Apparently if you're exposed to this as a kid it makes perfect sense to you.
It's a quarter of 5 because the time is lacking a quarter of an hour until 5. It's an antiquated turn of phrase that's survived in several parts of the country. I grew up saying "quarter of," my wife says "quarter till." 
That still doesn't quite make sense. A quarter of 5 would technically be 1:15. At least, thats how my mind wants to interpret it.
Ok, I guess that explains why I've never heard it, I grew up in London
Smell that? Smells like summer. 
-fame. Sudo-famous is what you become after programming a Unix-like OS that allows users to run programs with the security privileges of another user.
or
Gotta be honest, I've read a few random articles about her since she's had her kid and she seems to have grown up a lot and leveled out.
I know a guy that don't understand analog clocks, but digital is just fine..The interesting thing though is that he is the most intelligent guy I know of. He just don't give a fuck about things he's not interested in. So ask him things relevant to his job or hobbies and he knows literally everything.
He's gifted in other ways.
I actually didn't understand how to read an analog clock very well until nursing school. Before that, I never needed to. It still takes me about 5 seconds of looking at one to be able to multiply by five for minutes, and remember for certain which hand represents what. .It's kind of embarrassing actually, considering I'm 22.
someone once told me that people who can read analog clocks are bad with left and right and, conversly, people who know left/right, intuitivly, have a harder time with analog clocks..this is so true for me (and does hold for most people ive checked).  i never mix up left/right, but analog clocks take me a good 10+ seconds to read..probably bullshit, but i find it interesting!
Truly Intresting.
As it should be, probably time to start studying so it doesn't take you any time, especially as a nurse where time can be very relevant to your patients.
Well, I'm much better at it now, and I really only need the second hand when doing respirations or pulse. But I really like watches, so I've been trying to get better at it so I don't have to pull my phone out in order to tell time while I'm already wearing a watch. The fact is, it's just easier and faster. Learning to read analog is mainly just so I don't look dumb in front of people. 
If you can't read an analog clock then that means that you don't understand numbers. If you don't understand numbers then that makes me very nervous for your patients..So probably a good idea that you are finally trying to learn.
No, I understand numbers just fine. Dimensional analysis is pretty easy for me, and that's how we calculate meds. But, considering no one bothered to teach me how to read an analog clock until I was 17, it was kind of difficult to integrate into every day life since we're surrounded with digital displays. People think I was just not paying attention as a kid, but seriously, I just never learned. .Btw, don't worry about my patients. Math is only about 2% of my job, and what little math I do, I understand very well. 
That is why you went to nursing school.

Have you seen Snooki lately? She's replaced chubby with a super fit body. I'd smash.
Link? I need to see this.
Chubby was kind of a phase she went through. I'm pretty sure she was a tiny little cheerleader in high school..Massive amounts of liquid calories will fuck up any diet..Edit: I forgot a y. Whoops.
[deleted]
You seem very euphoric.

Wow! Is she still a loud mouth dumb ass?
Well, at least she already has "little old Italian lady" fake rust-red hair.  Old and done for, hopefully never to be seen again.
That last one is a thing of nightmares. Dat pointed chin. No thanks Jeff.
exactly my thoughts. scary face is scary
Wow, she looks better now than before she got pregnant.
Personally, I prefered her being a little thick, but I'm not going to knock her for getting healthy.
Still wouldn't; not even with yours.
That's a lie
I would bang a dead horse with yours
Her face makes my groin itchy
and her groin will make your face itchy, so be careful

How to cure an itchy face 
I'm just gonna put it out there that, although I don't have that much difficulty understanding "quarter to 2", hearing the time read like that takes me about 7 seconds longer to process, making it terribly annoying when people read times in that format.
Im with you, and I remember a couple years ago having this conversatikn with my mom. I remember asking for the time and getting "half past" back. What the fuck is thaf, atleast give me the hour.
It's more fun to tell people exactly. 
TIL lots of people are fucking stupid.
Maybe not 7 seconds, but it is fucking stupid as shit..I mean, might as well say it's 5 12ths past 1 right now.
I like this... I think i will start using it. ATM the time is currently 7.8 12ths past 1 (or if you prefer the other way) 4.2 12ths until 2..Edit - for those who don't like doing the math (7.8/12)*60 = 39. So it was 1:39 at the time.
aint_nobody_got_time_for_that.png.Also. WHY DO YOU MIX DECIMALS AND FRACTIONS? That's like, heresy.
Because otherwise i would have to have it 39 60ths and that just makes the calculations too easy. 
You could say 3 and 2/5ths 12ths past 1. That sounds pretty good to me.
I don't really understand the whole, "quarter of" thing. What is quarter of 6? Is it 5:45 or 6:15?
Quarter of is analogous to Quarter to.  It's just a dialect thing, that's how it's said around here (central PA)
A quarter TO six is 5:45 while a quarter AFTER six is 6:15
A quarter of 6 is any quarter in the 6th hour. so 6:15, 6:30, 6:45 and then it becomes 7 o'clock. 5:45 would be 'quarter TO six' as in a quarter moving TOwards six. To be honest, and I don't know if its because I don't live in america, but using quarters is easy.. Just think of the clock as a pizza, and taking away a quarter of the pizza is taking away a quarter of time. ._.
You are mistaken. "Quarter of" is the same thing as "quarter to". Its a specific thing. Quarter of 5 means 4:45. Glad I'm not the only one thats confused by it!.I live in america, and quarters are easy. 
Maybe its just different from america to australia :P 
People say . or ., not ., though they are actually used as the shortened form of the phrases . and ...1/4 of 1 hour = 1/4 of 60 minutes = 15 minutes.Quarter to 6 = 5:45.Quarter after 6 = 6:15.You should be able to figure . from there..Not sure if being trolled...
Yes, people actually say, "quarter of".
I did not know that. 
no, its 1.5.6/4
1.5
Yeah, thank you for the response. But I'm referring to the statement "quarter of 6". I know what quarter TO and AFTER is..I also recently learned that quarter of 6 means 5:45..: Apparently some people haven't heard the phrase "quarter of" in reference to telling time. I promise you I didn't make it up and have heard it from different people. Stop telling me that "quarter of" isn't used. 
I've heard "quarter of" before, and it's always meant "quarter to" for as long as people have been saying it to me.
It's a shortening of "It is a quarter of an hour until 6"
"Quarter of" means a quarter until.
It's never a quarter of though. It's either "a quarter to" or "a quarter after" meaning 15 minutes before or 15 minutes after respectively.
No, "quarter of" is actually what some people say. I didn't make it up.
I would say that those people are using the wrong phrase or it may be a regional thing where you are.
That is because a lot of people use horrendous grammar when they speak.
"Quarter of" refers to "of the hour". So "quarter of six" just means "one quarter of the sixth hour", or 6:15. It's just a side-effect of long term tendencies of people to shorten commonly used phrases and terms.
It's funny that you say that. I've had 5 other people say that quarter of six means 5:45. 
I guess it's kinda like how "literally" means "figuratively" now. "Quarter of" definitely means after, but I guess so many people use it wrong that it's got a new definition now? Oh well.
Its geographical. I hear quarter of around here all the time and it always means quarter to.
If that's what they're referring to, then they're using it wrong. "Quarter of" definitely means . the hour mentioned. It's "one quarter of the hour", as in "1/4th of the hour being mentioned has passed".
Its just a dialect difference it has nothing to do with correct and incorrect.
I've heard it too. Seems some people don't understand what you're saying and are downvoting you like idiots.
next time they say it, punch them in the face shouting:-."YOU'RE FUCKING WRONG! IT'S QUARTER PAST/TO 2 YOU DAMN CAVEMAN!".then stare deeply into their eyes for half an hour, when you can quietly mutter."now it's quarter past 2/to 3. Bitch.".(I'm not sure if it's passed or past)
It's past. Can't tell you why, but it is.
DAE ELSE HATE LE JERSEY SHORE?!
Does anyone else else?
TIL DAE ELSE LIKE LIKE REPEATING REPEATING WORDS WORDS?! [F14]
Somebody shoot the guy who did the texting. "SKOOKI"?
I DID IT ALL FOR THE SNOOKI.SO YOU CAN TAKE THAT SKOOKI...
He must have some really chubby hands.
Yeah, she deserves better than that.
SKOOKI starts with S. Let's think of other things that starts with S. Oh, who cares about the other things?.S is for SKOOKI, that's good enough for me.S is for SKOOKI, that's good enough for me.S is for SKOOKI, that's good enough for me.Oh, SKOOKI, SKOOKI, SKOOKI starts with S
I'm glad you're not in a position of power.
King Joffrey?
Don't you know that by the laws of the internet, simple errors or contradictory opinions are all punishable by death
Your sentence is in the form of a question, yet lacks the appropriate question mark at the end..The internet court sentences you to death by DDOS.
Death by Downvotes
Coming right up
Isn't she one of many celebrities that is simply playing-up the whole "being stupid" role and is in fact quite the intelligent person??.They have found a niche and are milking it for all its worth.
I mean I wouldn't call her "intelligent," but yeah she definitely isn't an idiot and understands good business.
One of my friends met Mike the Situation in Jersey. Apparently he was a really nice well spoken guy.
A lot of girls play up that appearance, and not just for money. Unfortunately the 'bimbo blonde' image does have a certain level of sexual appeal to a lot of guys, so there are reasons to do it besides money. In my experience it doesn't seem to be as much of a conscious decision as it does just a habitual way some girls act.
Its not just girls though.  The entire Jersey Shore cast plays up the "stupid" angle.  So do a lot of musicians and other entertainers.  If I am getting my celebrities straight, I think Ke$ha is another person that plays up the dumb persona even though supposedly she is quite smart, also I believe so do quite a few male rappers/hip-hop artists.  .Personally I find it rather disgusting that a society prefers the "dumb bimbo" (male or female) role as opposed to someone being who they really are.
I think so. I'm pretty sure that I've heard that she's actually a pretty intelligent businesswoman. I know she's put out two books, and I think she has a clothing line and a sunglasses line, but I could be wrong about that.
Just because a celebrity's name is on a product doesn't mean they had anything to do with it other than signing a piece of paper that says they get 20% for their name. Generally speaking, someone will reach out to their agent and make an offer and the agent makes all arrangements. There are some celebs who launch their own products based on interests, but I wouldn't assume that they have anything to do with it until proven otherwise. 
Reddit users are way to smart to fall for that.  She must actually be dumb!!
Well Bill O' Reilly has an IQ of 150 (genius level) but he still gets called an idiot by most of reddit. Also, Flava Flav was a musical prodigy, but didn't get rewarded based on that, hence his stage attitude. 
Genius level is 160 I think, I remember being pissed when I found out mine was 146 and only 14 points off of genius. 
I remember reading that 140 was genius level, but it could be 160. However that term is very subjective, what constitutes a genius? I knew a person who worked hard on everything he did, and after 5 times taking a test, finally scored a score that would place him at a score where the taker is estimated to have an IQ of 145-155, however the first time he took the test, he scored a score that would place him at 105-115. The first time I took the same test, I scored a score that would place me at 135-145, and the second time I scored the exact same score. So what would be the true IQ range of me compared to the other person who worked hard to get his score whereas I just went in and took it? Is he a genius of working hard to learn more? Or would he be genius if he took it initially and got the score without having to study?
It doesn't matter if she is playing it up or not. Jr high school and high school kids will emulate her TV "character".
I agree, and that's the sad part.
Kesha has an IQ of near 160 from what i've heard
Jessica Simpson is also quite intelligent. They played that chicken of the sea thing off to get publicity. It worked wonders since playing dumb wasn't popular yet.
And she actually knows how to sing if she's puts away the valley girl voice for a minute.
She apparently in real life she also doesn't look like an . that she plays on that show.
This is probably a newer picture of her. She does crossfit and gave up drinking. She's actually got a bangin bod now. I've even told myself "If Snooki can do it, I can fuckin do it."
I think that picture is even AFTER she popped out a kid, so now she's officially a MILF.  As long as she's not in her Jersey Shore persona.  
Someone in my gf's family is marrying Snooki's dad, so she's received annual Christmas cards from her, and her cousins have been at family functions with Snooki. From what I've been told, she's pretty quiet and while not a MENSA member isn't as blatantly stupid as the show portrays..I don't know if her TV persona is selective editing on the part of MTV or her playing up to the character. 
Probably both.  Would you act a little stupider if you made millions of dollars off of it?  The only downside is that a bunch of kids on reddit who don't know how reality tv works will think you're an idiot.
You'd be stupid not to!
"downside"
Also a LOT of alcohol involved in that show.
Don't undersell it man. I evaluate my entire self-worth from the adulation of kids on reddit
I would act stupider for a whole lot less than a million. 
you're already almost there!
Ok, she never said that "2:30" is equivalent to "quarter to 2," she was just using two arbitrary examples of different formats. If you want to hate celebs, go ahead, but at least base it on legitimate reasons.
I don't believe that for a second 
She should still know what "quarter to 2" means.
No, the second statement was definitely dependent upon the first.
can we all just agree that reality tv shows are mostly staged and so this was probably her . stupid to be 
If she was talking about the use of the word "of" in time, then I would have to agree with her. I have never understood that usage.... a quarter OF 3????  Is that 2:45 ( a quarter of an hour TILL 3), 3:15 (a quarter of an hour AFTER 3), 00:45 (1/4th of the total time till 3AM since midnight) or 2:15 (a quarter of the hour before 3).
I've never actually heard of people using "of". I've only ever heard "to" and "after" (as in "a quarter TO 3" or "a quarter AFTER 3"). Do you know people who say "quarter of"?
Being young and stupid is her job.  She gets money for being Snooki.  I don't blame her... She is actually very good at it.
   .she's changed a lot now since she's had a kid, she seems more mature. 
And I kinda agree with her on that. Growing up with electric clocks made me that way.
That's right godammit! Memes in r/funny have always been held to the highest standards of accuracy until you kids came along and ruined it!
Back in my day we painted memes and submitted through the mailman.
Early Photoshop: tape letters to a picture and Xerox it, tack to bulletin board.
making it sound stupid is still really stupid though
Or she did it as a joke/to draw attention to the show.
Ok, how about she's a stupid cunt?
you're so cool insulting famous people. when i grow up i wanna be just like you
She's smart enough to make money via appearing stupid on TV.
lucky*.We all know plenty of people who could appear just as stupid on TV if they were given the opportunity  :P
The second example isn't arbitrary, it is a reference to the first. She had already declared that she had difficulty understanding time expressions. The error in the conversion only punctuates her point. .Either way I wouldn't stick my dick in that.
eww, I almost vomited just at the thought of it.
Even if it was on purpose she's playing a fake character for money... it pays for her to sound stupid.
As evidenced by the fact that we're all here discussing it. 
that's more the average redditor getting off on trashing successful people. 
I would.
This is so incredibly sexist.  Hear me out. If this was a dumb guy nobody would be making sex jokes.  But since its a dumb chick she's instantly objectified as a sex object and people have to be like NAW BRO I WOULDNT FUCK HER.  nobody asked if you would fuck her you fat pig.
It asked why somebody would breed with her in the fucking post, so yeah, it was actually pretty relevant...
the main post was sarcastically asking "did somebody actually do that?"  which is a pretty weird choice for the Professor but thats beside the point.  it didnt ask "why" or "would you"
Go back to srs dumbass.
I'm sure she's super upset that some loser on reddit wouldn't pork her...
"LEAVE SNOOKI ALONE!!".-PresidentHippo
You just inadvertently admitted you are a loser. 
Just because you are famous doesn't mean you aren't a loser, and she is queen loser.
Well, at least she still has royalty to fall back on.  Good for her.
She makes more money than most for being exactly who she wants to be, silly. She knows she is stupid and doesn't care. Seems she is winning pretty hard.
She'll get over it.
she'll make like a tree and just get over it
Really? Snooki is no longer relevant 
And they spelt it, "Skooki".
We got honey boo boo now! Or did someone replace her already?
Good corn harvest this year. Next year will be even better.
Snooki was relevant? On which planet?
They must've been thinking "skanky" when they typed that and messed up.
people need to understand, famous people stay famous if you talk about them. regardless whether or not it is good or bad talking about them keeps them famous. stop caring about them and they will stop being famous..[oh shit this is . i need a joke... eh....knock knock]
Are you gamelizard from the warsomething forum?
-KNOCK KNOCK..-WHO'S THERE?.-A CANNIBAL..-WHAT?!.-YOU ARE ABOUT TO DIE AND BE EATEN. .-ASSHOLE! I WILL MURDER YOU FIRST!
i sometimes is maybe, but partially i might kinda. figuratively speaking of course. 
I disagree. I think they stay famous because Inside Edition and Access Hollywood and TMZ and Us Weekly and People and The Enquirer and E online and Yahoo and MTV and Hollywood Gossip and Celebbuzz and so on decided they're worth shoving down our throats. Which in turn justifies giving them cameos on prime time cop dramas and segments on Rock Center. Trust me, they don't calibrate their fame-meters by memes on Reddit. I wish the medium were that hot - then public opinion might matter - but unfortunately it's really quite cool.
those outlets are companies that do it for money and they get the money from advertisers who only care about the views of the adds. so if people stop caring they stop watching. those "news" outlets stop making money, and they find something else to do. also i would say its your fault if you feel they are shoving stuff down your throat.  what you described is literally their job. don't watch it if you don't like what they do.
There haven't been jokes in . in like two years.
that is because they are in 
[Who's there?]
[doris]
[doris who?]
[doris locked]
Who is Skooki?
[iseewhatyoudidthere.jpg]
a muppet?
[Doris who?]
[Doris many punchline]
he wont deliver
no joke for you
Congratulations, you're on the jury.
[doris locked]
[Pools Closed]
[I like square brackets]
{nipple brackets}
(ass brackets?)
I really hope we can start putting any sexual comments in nipple brackets and it will become a thing.
[Doris Open]
It makes me really sad that she ever was..
I watched jersey shore, it was an entertaining show and a lot of the characters were pretty funny.
Wow... really?
I got in trouble for laughing when she got punched in the face...
It made me feel better about my life.
It was a GREAT show to play drinking games with 
I was made to watch it by a female friend who's really into reality TV and I actually found it crazy addicting. The worst part was, I think I liked Snooki best. She was so dumb, but she was also a sweetheart most of the time, at least from what I saw.
Let it be known from every mountaintop that you may not express unpopular opinions, for the downvote system is flawed. 
 nope it works just fine! 
People love to hate on it. You have to go in knowing your about to watch a shit show, but once you accept it, it's pretty hilarious how stupid they are.
Or you know, do something else with your time, instead of wasting it, watching something you know is "shit." 
I don't understand the hate for it. The people* in it aren't anywhere near as awful as everyone assumes from what little they know of them..*except The Situation. Total prick.
I am soooo glad I dont know who "The Situation" is.
Yeah, I envy you.
I hated them from their media coverage without ever watching. Seasons in, I finally sat down and watched a Netflix marathon of them and it was actually really hilarious. They're dumb, but pretty entertaining. Snooki actually kind of grew on me. But major sideye to The Situation. He's a dick! 
Exactly! I'd seen ads and thought it looked awful. Then accidentally left MTV on one night while doing something, came back and it was on, ended up watching it and enjoying it.
Oh, it was horrible. I was so ashamed. I went from hatred to holy shit Netflix!, where's the rest of the seasons?!.
I found myself crying along when Snooki had her Italy meltdown and I even went back and googled lots of things to read articles that I'd previously passed by with disgust. It was a really embarrassing 180. hahaha. 
Haha, you went all in!
I too secretly enjoyed the show. Furthermore, we can't be the only ones given how successful it is.
Think of how everyone claims that everyone ELSE is the stupid one... no one ever says "I'm the dumbest person here." Well, that gets to be you, now.
Well, to be fair, there are a . of stupid people in the world.
That show is everything that is wrong with entertainment.
Yet, that is what made it so entertaining.
How is reading the comments in . a better form of entertainment?
It's just Maury without anybody officiating.
Whats this? looks like we have an opinion over here.get em boys
Shes carpuscular!  Get her boys!
*crepuscular.i like where your head's at though.
Had to pronounce it properly, ya dig?
i respect it.
Bake him away, toys.
Uh...what did you say chief?
Do what the kid said!
I seem to have misplaced my pitchfork, could I borrow yours?
Here, have mine..--------E
You know, I watched my wife work all day gettin' thirty pitch forks together for you ungrateful sons of ...
We're not saying we're not grateful, but the pitchforks are made of plastic...
Aw, mine broke. Does anybody have an extra pitchfork?
--- its a little used
Looks like the one above was made from hyphens and "E"'s
Which coincidently is probably Snooki's best school grade. 

Figure out how to make it dispense all the discs.
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
Holy crap :P , i think i'll remove mine from the list xD.or do i go for some kind of list record? hmm....
I can't even tell what the fuck that is!
It was at that very moment I decided that I don't want a pickle.  I just want to ride on my motorcycle.
This was taken from . give credit where credit is due.
Liar! This made me smile.
I work in a restaurant and I can say that not even the kitchen staff can be spongebob. By noon we are all Squidward.
This is why i reddit at work all day.
Same here. It's sad because when I was a kid, I always told myself that I wouldn't grow up bitter like my parents did. I would follow my heart and not make money the source of my life. Little did I know, making enough money to survive isn't as easy as it sounds, and it's even harder to be able to do something you love to make that money. Even if you do (I did for awhile - installing car audio) you burn yourself out on it and eventually grow bitter.
I work fast food, and only one of my coworkers can be described as a "Spongebob" he absolutely loves his job, but he is also 16. I never was a "Spongebob" but I have advanced to most towards being a "Squidward", and when I realized this I felt some-sort of joy and sadness that I had become extremely jaded. 
Eventually we all become Squidward.
As kids, we're all spongebobs. Then we evolve into squidwards... Some become Patricks though.
Remember, . . wants to be a Squidward.
Their genius was showing
I get called that a lot 
What? A genius?
no, patrick
Is this the krusty krab?
no, this is patrick
Is this Patrick?
no its the krusty krab 
Is this the krusty krab

I said, 

Can we have some more beans, Mr Taggart?.I think you've had enough. 
Do what he say, DO WHAT HE SAY!
I am not from Havana.
" 'scuse while I... whip this out"
All that's missing is a picture of a bald eagle.
...and a diet coke please.
 
I would rather have bacon covered bacon with a side of bacon B-) 
Sesame seeds on a chicken sandwhich. Ew
Story?
could be this one: 
well that's a sad story :/
maybe your mother saw the first post...
Karma Court his ass!
ITT: People who don't know what a x-post is.
At least wait a month before reposting, fucking hell.
Pinstagram showed her taht. Didn't it?
With the inclusion of the cup, it takes more than twice as long. Physics.
Well then I think you should check with your Mom to find the correct subreddit for this.
You are the worst kind of faggot... A 12 year old faggot..Ah, thats an insult to bundles of sticks...
1000 miles between me and my mother and she would tell me what i either had done or would do in any situation I started telling her about..mothers . know everything, unfortunately sometimes.
Even though this is a repost, the fact that you thought it was insightful just shows how fucking dumb you are.
DANGER! This method lets you fit both bowls in the microwave, but one will be more in the path of the magnetron beam than the other. .Therefore, one bowl may be much hotter than the other and the unsteady platform might cause serious burns, but even worse, different temperatures of food!
lifehacks
Give that woman a Nobel prize!
Heat it up in a pot to save the flavor and texture of you food. Never use a Microwave for anything. 
I lol'd pretty hard at this unfunny post
seriously this was posted like a fucking week ago dude atleast give it a couple months before you repost it
If i go home and tell my fam about this, am i a .?
Fucking awesome.
oh my god, this is so fucking funny I'm doing the roflstomp
This should be posted in . 
your mom's a lazy cunt! lol
oddly enough I'm happy this wasn't a YSK, TIL, or LPT for a change
This is like a software programming interview question. Your mom will do well in programming interviews.
But what about when the plates too big and you gotta put it in on an angle :/

OP is intelligent, but not experienced. His pattern indicates two-dimensional thinking. 
Mind = Blown
Turning tray on the bottom?  Yep, that shit is falling over.
Brilliant
You oughta keep her around. Just imagine all the other things she can learn you? 
Mums that need microwaves are shitty mums.
Genius
But why would a lonely Redditor need two bowls to eat from in his basement?
REPOST
What is this black magic
I tried this with a coke can underneath. Amazing trick
This now goes in my big book of knowledge
The original said "brother" repost 
FAG
Thank you for spreading this powerful wisdom, no we will be able to eat our delicious leftovers in 3 minutes instead of 6
LPT: Use a can of red bull or soda!.Edit: Just kidding, really don't do that...
Amazing!
3000 plus upvotes in lifehacks? OP, thats like buying a car and telling everyone you built it...jerk.
Mother knows best, listen to your mother its a scary world out there.
I wish I could "pin" this right now! ( those fellow PInteresters will understand)...
I did that once and the bowl tipped over. I had no choice but go to Burgerking. 
Seriously, how the hell does this guy have 11k karma when virtually every post either says "saw this on my facebook feed" or is a repost... or both?!
Aww... I was using my iPhone to hold it up.  Didn't know a can of Redbull would work better!
Aww yearh power from the Redbull makes the food healthier and heat faster. #BroScience101!!!
1/10
[deleted]
It has been, a lot. 
No, the bowls are within the tray area, they wouldn't fall.
Tray is going to turn, which is going to cause the top bowl to fall over because of inertia.
Dude, you must have a fuckin pottery wheel in your microwave? Mines so slow i could stand a match on its end in there and it wouldn't fall over. 
I don't know about you... but I've never seen a tray table turn very fast, and the fact that the base of that coffee cup is over half the diameter of the bowl on top, I think it's center of gravity is still going to remain under the bowl..Unless you have a super speed turn table on your microwave...
Never heated up left overs for lunch?
Sure, using a stove, grill or oven. Takes the same time and tastes better.
reposting motherfucka...
And reddit knows all..Im calling repost.
Hey I'm not quite sure if you got the memo yet...But you're a faggot and this is a repost. 
not funny
op is a colossal faggot
THIS IS NOT FUNNY. YOU ARE NOT FUNNY.
im not a mircrowave technician, but isnt there going to be uneven heating of the food? the whole point of the microwave is to centre the dish and it gets blasted from all directions. would there be some shadowing and absorption from the other bowl? 
Yeah, the microwaves are sent from the sides, and the ceramic coffee cup will absorb a lot of them. Ceramic gets very hot in microwaves, which means that it would do a good deal of blocking in this situation. Heating should be . even since the microwave spins, but even still its going to take forever. 
Not funny... . 
It's a repost anyway. The original was posted there I believe.
oh it was!... alot.
At least change the basic title for god's sake!
It's a mug...
I would like to purchase one of these 'mug', how should this transaction go down?  
Not ., but . instead
It's a repost anyway.
This isn't brilliant. You'll have to cook it for twice as long. Put in one, eat that while the other finishes. Boom. You'll be eating way faster.
you only have to cook for 30sec to a min longer anyway...
Or you cook one till it's boiling hot, then mix it into the other 'cold' bowl and BAM, perfect temp!
Microwaving family dinners :l
Yeah, I hate to eat together with my family or friends.
You whats?
So you take the title of the original post and put it on the picture? You're a massive faggot.
Use a larger bowl to warm up both. Then separate into another bowl once ready to eat. Not that complicated. 
Exactly. This, or just put them in seperately for twice as short. I really doubt whether the heat gets equally distributed this way.
you obviously own a dishwasher, fancy pants mcgee. 
I don't see what's so hard about doing your dishes.  When I cook I clean up before I eat.
Either way, you end up with two dirty bowls.
obviously you have more initiative in life. 
I'm high a lot.
Someone else who enjoys washing dishes by hand when high? Soulmate! 
But then your food is all cold.
No, I clean preparing containers while cooking.  The only thing I clean when my food is all done is the container I am cooking it in (minus the eating tools).
Oh. So you don't clean up before you eat, you clean as you cook.
I'm no gourmet chef, but I'd be willing to bet that he cooks (and therefore cleans up) before he eats.
FAGINATOR 3000 
Better add a paper napkin over the tops of those bowls or you'll end up with a splattered microwave.
Exactly what I was thinking. Cover those bowls up! (I consider this photo a personal cringe pic).
Make sure you dampet the paper towel too, so your food doesn't dry out too much!
Did you seriously think that reposting the highest upvoted picture on . would be successful an nobody would notice? Fucking idiots, i hate reddit so much.
Not all of us are subscribed to . you know.
Yes, but OP made up some bullshit story to go with it.
2,136 upvotes 
Holy cow, when I first commented it only had about 500, it just goes to show how much this subreddit sucks and how people will just upvote anything. This post is not funny what so ever, I can't wait for summer to be over lol
You realize that a lot of people don't subscribe to the subreddit you're saying this was posted in first.....right? I mean don't get me wrong OP, faggot, yeah, yeah I get that. But to be that angry about something like this?
nothing will change
Yeah, .Kids with names like . will always be here to make things shitty, for every season!
Randomly attacking me on the internet..Sad.
lul its funny cause you have been here longer than him
what
OP is
All these karma whores!
Kill 'em all
We need ..
You're just a little ray of sunshine aren'tcha? 
Who. The. Fuck. Cares.
OP is a faggot.
...and his mom is a microwaving genius whore!
Why did you get downvoted but my circlejerk comment get upvoted?
Reddit is fickle - I really think you get three douche bags who actually do not really reddit throw in a downvote and then the downvote horde joins the bandwagon. I actually though my comment made a nice addition to the start of the circle-jerk.  Ah well..That's my guess at least - it would be nice to have some honest input though....
When you're going for offensive-funny, it has to be quite funny or it won't work. Friendly-funny is always a safe bet.
So... OP is a faggot is offensive funny? I don't know why those comments get any upvotes at all.  .Thanks for the comment though.
Repost... It's not funny, and it's a repost.

Why would someone make a subreddit filled with posts that they hate?
YOU SAID REPOST TWICE that was a repost. .Repostception. 
why not .?
 
Repost or not, funny or not. Thanks op! ..
Not a repost since it's not in the same subreddit..But I agree that OP's mother did not show him/her this..And that it doesn't belong in ..
But the title never said "my mother knows best". It just said "mother knows best" as in a general quote which is very relevant to this exact picture. 
A repost is a repost, regardless of subreddit...
if its a different subreddit then its more of a crosspost
mention cross post in the title and credit the original author.
i dont really care
Then don't voice your opinion?
it's not really an opinion, i was just pointing out that it's not a repost if it's not in the same subreddit. but this is obviously not a thing to get upset or care about particularly.
Go tell . that it's not a repost if it's in a different subreddit. See how THE LAW finds your argument.
i don't think i care enough
converted upvote.....DOWNYOUGO
I mean jesus christ OP you didn't even wait a week to repost
It's not even mildly funny either
Yes but on some level...doesn't the internet mother us all?

It's the doctor!
that looks more like Rory...
[deleted]
Thanks for repeating what the facebook comment at the bottom says. What would I do without you?
To da face!!
I guess she wasn't wet enough to take it..
SMACK DOWN!
IN DA FACE!!!
Why where all the comments downvoted? Honestly, what kind of comments where you expecting?
Robocops dick right in the face
I wish! Amiright?!
Wish it was flesh colored
Cock block
I'll take whatever is behind door number twOH SHIT!
This needs to be an upvote gif.
Ahhh, if I had a nickel
BDP
knock knock.who's there.interrupting obstacle course.interrupting obsta......BLAWHAMMY
Whenever I see a downvote grave yard, I can't help myself but join in. 

Isn't this Wipeout? Isn't that a "family show"? Wtf were they thinking?

[deleted]
That member that face smacked her is definitely Greg. 
MXC 4 lyfe
"Now I know how all those white women must have felt." - Chef


Tomorrow's repost: "When I see my girlfriend after a week."
This thread is riddled with cancer. Abort.

Boioioioioioioioioingggggg
Fatality. 
Please, someone photoshop that thing into a giant penis
Looks like a giant penis hit her in the face.
(That's the joke.)
And the joke is that I was pointing out the obvious. 
I fucking love WipeOut.



cage the beast
Because penis.

Risky click.
Pow! Right in the kisser.
This made me laugh harder than the gif!!
YOU SONUVABITCH!
It's too late.... POW, right in the kisser! 
Holy shit these comments are terrible.
This thread is an eerie graveyard 
That's a lot of downvoted posts. Somehow penises just bring out the worst in people.
You're right. I don't know why I scrolled down.  Everyone heed flamingasstorpedo, he knows what he's talking about
Is 9gag leaking?

I'm going in! [scrolls down]
RIP elbruce. We will remember you well.
She can't say no if she's unconscious.
That's what we in the legal world call silent consent
HAHAHAHA GOOD ONE BRO
Giggity
I think it's an okay amount of funny, not too much.
Sometimes you have to grab the bull by the tail and look it right in the eye.
Setaro motors over on chase ave? 
Yes! Someone from Waterbury? I used to drive by that place all the time. I recognized the gas station right away. And the obnoxiously blue tractors.
Please explain what the effects of viewing something that is "too funny".
Wisconsin?
You are either 8 or 80.
$3.89 for gas? Holy hell. 
Terrible isn't it?? 
Seriously.. Not even the worst prices around here either. Are you from Waterbury?
Unfortunately...but don't tell anyone lol 
Oh my ..
HAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
I can get a hell of a good look at a t-bone steak by sticking my head up a butcher's ass... Dammit!
"too funny"? Shit, my moms on reddit now
 
You don't laugh when thinking about grabbing bull jewels?
More like 
Run. gtfo. 
Seriously loving global warming
Sharknado
It's not global warming, it's the rapture. 
This is simple. Lock the door. Use the toilet only if you need to shit. This will save water. 
I hate bathrooms like this where its only a urinal and a toilet. i mean obviously your still gonna lock the door. i couldn't imagine someone in there alone taking a shit with the door unlocked, then someone else walks in, "oh hey im just in here takin a dump come on in and lets make uncomfortable eye contact for the next 45 seconds". story of my fucking life. 
I say, stand on the receptacle lid and go for the distance.  Definitely a higher risk to your balance and maybe your clothes, but well worth it in the end..Do you have your go pro with you?
Result should look like this...
That's the story of your life?
My discomfort of others listening to me go trumps water saving. I flush constantly.
But you can lock the door. ...?
not trying to be weird but is this in a hobby town by chance? I went to my local one the other day and it looked exactly the same...
It's because of bathrooms like this that I'm indecisive
Bathrooms like this just bring out your insecurity.  Conquer your fear.  Piss in the urinal and simultaneously try to power the shit across and in to the toilet.
Great, now try 
Unisex bathroom. Woman approved. 
What cracks me up is when your taking a piss in a bathroom like this using the urinal and you don't lock the door so someone else can use the shitter to piss in and they open the door and get all confused/ scared so they go and wait back outside. 
OP, will you be standing or sitting during this performance?  
...? Sitting of course, why do you think that he would stand?
Please let him answer.
Poop launching.
That is the only way to piss with a boner
It makes perfect sense. You cannot poop without peeing. 
Some poor janitor has to clean up your mess.
finally, i can take a crap and pee with a boner 
Made me think of 
Rosie O'Donnnell Dick Mobile?
Someone is a big Robert Rodriguez fan.
Old Colonel Loveless is still alive and kickin'!  Well alive anyway...
axel from twisted metal
Immediatley who i thought of!
Well.... Maybe his mom!
or an Oregon fall
ten guy got his own sign
Do they take PayPal?
This again?
My mind was just blown away
bravest warriors and adventure time
Challenge Accepted. 
Or is he a corporal now too?
displayed ever so neatly all over the front lawn
Why does anyone think this is ok?.Oh, you cheated on me? Ok let me just steal and destroy your property, totally legal, nothing to it..If an ex ever did this to me, I'd drag them right to small-claims court!
My thoughts every time i see posts like this.


I appreciate it.  Even if it's in the wrong subreddit
...I don't get it.
The first two pictures line up to form a single picture
I never understood why so many people get tattoos of white t-shirts.

You'd think a fagot would have better fashion sense.
I believe it's pronounced "fah-goh."
I believe it's pronounced "moh-rawn."
BOB FAGOT
Robert Fagot...i feel like his friends call him dick...
Lowered Expectations....
Imagine when his teachers called attendance in high school.
"Fagot?" "Present!"
FRECNDY
At first I thought "Free Cindy?" like it was a political statement. 
It must have been a long time ago if he doesn't know about free internet porn
Dude lost all porn and his girlfriend, and basically chose porn over his gf by posting in the wanted DVD/VHS, instead of men seeking women. haha
That's some serious grief right there... over his porn
YOU ARE NOT ASTRO BOY
No gas smuggling.
Welcome to Shell: Please do not insert gasoline into your butthole, as some dangerous side effects have been known to occur.
Needs an r/trees reference to give you the Ass Gas or Grass trifecta.
they must've been trying to get to r/spacedicks front page
Revenge of the repost....taking a gif making it play in reverse then uploading it back to imgur is still re-posting ;)
I'll just take my upvote for him... and give it to you. c:
well thank you!
Focker
Live your dreams fish
Fuck yo couch
Crying, angry or pooping?
give me upvotes
Race need not have been mentioned. It's pretty damn hilarious no matter who does it.  .I wonder what kind of pies they are.
You're new here aren't you? First off, that's fake as duck. Second, its not even big enough to fit an iPhone screen. Third off, lol isn't an acceptable title.
these are so obviously fake.. 
Oh.....shut up.
Awfully perturbed aren't you.
Hell, I'm not going to Silent Hill!
You could always just keep exporting Tyr albums...
you got that right!
If anyone isn't getting it, it's always foggy in the Faroe Islands.
Apparently I'm the only one annoyed that the newscaster referred to "Satanists" as "devil-worshippers". I know the terminology can be confusing, but for the most part, Satanism is not about devil worship. Sure, there are probably a few out there, but they are not the majority.
This will not end well for her....yet again.
I didnt know Obama was special forces...
Dat face
Wouldve been funny if Tech N9ne popped up
@0:19 "this is where you get books". That is where you park. The books are across the street.
I just got done listening to this on pandora....
I just got done listening to this in 2011.

The best feeling is whipping off a bra at the end of a long day in boob jail.... or just anytime, really. 
Breastal Remand Authority. A little class, please. 
Male sorta-equivalent: ties
I can get away with not wearing a bra to work if I don't feel like putting one on... Ah the freeing joy of having smaller boobs. 
If bras are jail, then breast feeding is torture camp.
I do not understand.  My boobs love boob jail.  Boob jail keeps them from become depressed (get tit?).
But then you get under boob sweat! 
My bra is the only thing keeping my husband's hands away! If I'm like, 'ah, so nice to be home after work, let's loosen up..' apparently that means 'come prod and grab! That sounds relaxing!'
It's scary how true this is.
Just don't wear a bra.  It's not illegal and studies have shown that wearing one has no benefit to the longevity of breasts
The more I read the comment section, the more I wonder: where the hell are all these women who are walking around with no bra?
I have small boobies, and during the summer I wear sports bras all of the time. Anything with padding creates boob puddles large enough to go snorkeling in. 
without boob jail, you have... wobble wars
There are . in here..They're talking about 
Link to Jean-Denis Rouillon's 15 year study on boobies and boulder holders.
Mine are in boob jail voluntarily.  They can't handle the heat without something soaking up the sweat and keeping them lifted and separated.
I hate not wearing any sort of support, it's kind of painful...
I love wearing a bra. It hurts to go without one!
As a female redditor, I don't understand this. I love wearing bras because they make my small boobs look nicer.
I am a young woman, I am unemployed..Titties on parole.
Im ashamed this took me 5 seconds to understand 
ITT: Women with big breasts complaining and men saying "it's fine'.
Small boobs, never wear a bra. Hate them. Never wear them. I wear like little tank tops under my shirt instead and very rarely those little tanks with built in eleastic support. I don't really need them and I sat good riddance because to me, bras are very uncomfortable, feel awkward and offer me no benefit. However when I do go to the gym I do wear one of those cloth bras things. One reason I hat bras is spending my whe day adjusting the goddamned straps that only fall on one side of my shoulder. Bras don't want to stay on me and I don't like wearing them. Yuk. 
It's a conspiracy. All these privatized breast jails just making people rich. 
My boobs are like good horses that like their saddle. They almost beg for it. Can't stand not wearing any.
I love my bras. Walking around without one feels like gravity is going to win out.
Bras are simply bad for you. 
I'm a female redditor. This is stupid.
I actually like wearing bras, it feels better to me with the lift. I do like having the option to go without and avoiding back pain, though
I don't see how anyone who is DD+ enjoys going braless. That shit must hurt. They need the support they can get. 
I fucking hate New Girl.
The rest of us are keeping...abreast of these things.
Am I the only girl that prefers to keep her bra on? I don't find going braless comfortable at all haha.
But big boobs and no bra... I can feel gravity conspiring against me.

I love those jail free days! FREE THE BOOBIES!
Freedom's just another word for "nothing left to lose"
Guys get this too. Just replace breasts with balls. Nothing like a breeze on your jewels on a day off.
I'm anti-bra anyway, but not everyone can get away with that, having bigger boobs and all :P
These comments are giving me nothing but favorable opinions of the men of reddit. 
Wasn't this one up yesterday as well?
[deleted]
My boobs are always in boob jail, unless it's bedtime than it's boob freedom!

You must have smaller breasts.  Mine hurt if I don't keep it on for most of the day.  Now that I have properly fitting bras they are not uncomfortable in the slightest.  Maybe you just need to be fitted properly. :)
HAHA IT'S FUNNY BECAUSE BOOB
I think all redditors will understand.
I am neither a redditor nor female yet but I think I understood.
I'm a male redditor and I understand perfectly.  My junk doesn't have to go to junk jail on days that I don't work... they can just chill and breath the sweet fresh air of my air conditioner...
My breasts are small enough that I can wear wireless bras and holy crap does that make a difference!
As someone who works from home while looking for FT employment. Yeahhhhh...this is true.
free-boobing right now. ahhhh :)
Your boobs can enter my work release program.
After a hot day, taking my shoes off and unstrapping is the best...
Bras are actually bad for boobs.
It must be nice to have small, light boobs.  Mine only get free from boob jail to go play in the basketball courts with the other boobs.
You'd get the same benefits working in a strip club.
Nope. If your breasts are larger, D cup or above, a day without the harness can result in several days of pain above and beyond the normal pain of the bra. 
ITT: People searching through commenters submission history hoping to find their boobs

I want to believe that this thread isn't just large males talking about their bras.
I love this guy. Does a 15 year study on boobs, then says he needs to do more research, and would need 300,000 women to do a global sample. .This man is a genius.

32GG here, and I haven't noticed such a thing. Also, D cup is pretty average/small in smaller band sizes. 

I'm a 34 DD (or bigger, I'm still working on finding the right bra, and yes I know about .) and mine aren't really a problem. I'm at home all week and don't wear one then. I only put one on if I'm going our somewhere. 

Oh? There is a .?
Nice.

Unless you run at work or have some boss who demands you wear a bra as part of your "professional" attire, why lock them up in the first place? Just wear something opaque and let the girls go.
As a man.  We know.  And we appreciate it.


I don't wear bras because I don't care if people can see my tits. I'm also lazy.
In my opinion, women with smaller boobs almost always have better looking bodies overall. Petite and healthy is so much more attractive to me.
I'm a grown woman and I am very comfortable with my bra off for sleeping but during the day I wear a bra. I buy well fitted, pretty bras and I always feel more comfortable wearing one than not during the day.
Some ladies need them. If I go without a bra, I'm in for a day of pain.

Same here :(


seriously can we see your boobs though.
What is Boob Jail?
I'm a guy and I understand
soooooo sportsmen are always in dick jail

[deleted]

Nothin'.... it ain't nothin' lawd if it ain't free (this is how I remember it anyway)
You're right, it is... Imagine someone sucking your penis reaaaally hard whilst trying to nibble on it (way harder than acceptably for a bj). Oh, and something is actually coming out (much like an orgasm only the area from where is wider spread). And you have two, on your chest, and they're sore all the time. 

There is not such thing as a female on the Internet.

It's like my balls feel on the weekends.
come on, it's not that sophisticated a joke that male redditors can't understand... I hope.
Yeah, but they can't fully appreciate it.
When you live in the south and have a large tracts of land, you can't wait to get home and strip that darn bra off.  Release the Krakken!  It's such a relief - I hate the damn things.  
Your bra is stopping that activity? I thought everyone with a long-term, live-in boyfriend was just doomed? Normally I don't mind, but sometimes I'm trying to do stuff. 
I stared at that for more minutes than I'd like to admit before I realized this was about bras. 
Olde myths.

For those too lazy too click:
I'm responding to you because your parent comment is gone now, but cigarette smoking is the leading cause of saggy boobs/ breast ptosis in case anyone cares
That study is still far from decisive though.

Only in France is that you can you do 15 years of study on breasts.
We know how to choose our priorities. Cancer can wait, first we must study boobs !

I think redditors will understand regardless of sex. 

I wish I could do this. You're really, really lucky. 

Freelancers enjoy this freedom, too.
Wait, she was talking about bras? I thought she meant boob jails as in people staring at them.
get a properly fitted bra, ladies
I'm surprised nobody's invented some sort of platform support. Something like a balcony, or in this case a "bracony".
I'm a 36C and i often don't send my boobs to boob jail and it's a wonderful feeling. Unless you're running, jumping up and down, or wearing a tight fitting white tshirt everyday then you should be OK to be comfy and skip the bra every now and again. 
I'm only wearing a sports bra cause I had to go down to the hotel lobby to get breakfast. 
I'll just leave this 15 year study showing bras not only are a prison, but a way to rob your breasts of the muscles needed to help keep them from sagging as you age..As this flies in the face of what American women have been brought up to believe as "common sense" by the bra industry, I'll see myself out quickly to avoid the coming shit storm.

What about penistentiary, that's an issue too, you know. 
Since becoming a stay at home mom, my boobs are rarely in boob jail anymore. It's probably the best perk of the 'job'. 
Wish I knew.
So, this woman wasn't a bartender eh?
At the end of every day I yell "FREE THE BOOBIES!" And flash my husband as I take off my bra. 
 sisters.
Has anybody tried the .?
I love schmidt
HAHAHA HA WOMAN PROBLEMS AM I RIGHT GURLZ? 
Unless you have any sensitivity at all in your nipples. Then they enjoy going to boob bed.
I hate boob jail because it cause's titty sweat. 
Yes! My unemployment ends next week, and my first thought when I got my offer was that I'd have to start wearing bras again.
Or you could just ya know not wear a bra. Works pretty well for me.
I guess mine are institutionalized. I feel weird having them flop around, nothing like a good ole sports bra.
Speak for yourself 
Freedom! 
not wearing a bra apparently causes them to sag less over time, per a recent 15 year French study. so flop away, i say!

I work from home! This still applies . 
My balls are currently sitting outside of ball jail in some ball soup..Feels good.
Guys who aren't 13 will understand..FTFY
And that's why I will avoid wearing a bra when I can.
As a female redditor who's a member of the itty bitty titty committee...I like bras.  
I had to read the comments to understand what that meant. Boob jail = bra. Got it. 
I forgot to wear my bra to work when I was running late one day the other week.  Loved every second of it!
Especially in this heat - it's disgusting
Try having your nipples pierced and having to wear a bra 5 days a week. It's such a shame to keep 'em locked up like this.
I never understood this. Do you women not get properly fitted bra's or something? Trust me, it feels good to let the ladies out but I am not walking around all day in agony. 

We get it women don't like to wear bras... Much like how men hate wearing nice clothing.
Ahh, they are talking about Bra's. Damn, I really don't understand women's issues.
I had nursed two kiddos and my soggy boobs needed a lift so I had them filled out (FAKE), only to discover that a 32E is nearly impossible to find, but much to my amazement the bras are usually mesh and not that super thick padded push up crap from VS that gets hot and gross. You would think that the nips would stick out in chilly situations but the mesh (lace, whatever you call it) hides it well. Besides, they don't lead men on. Flaunt what you got, ladies! ~regrets implants
TLDR: no matter what size boobs, just get lace bras. Breath better.
Behind bras. 
Honestly, I think anyone can relate if you're in the current heat wave. Not that a hot July surprises me, but damn did I forget what it felt like to be stuck in business casual in +95F heat. The minute I get home I kick off my shoes and release the incarceration that is my pants, and put on the softest/lightest boxers I can find. Guys will know what I mean... the underwear you put on before you hunker down for a good wank but you don't want to be naked.
Women of Reddit wear bras?  I thought we agreed that bras only have cosmetic benefits and actually cause boob sagging!
I'm with OP on this one. Let the girls have recess! 
I wanna be
the very breast
like no one ever bras

Absolute discrimination. Fat lads can have tits too.
I always tell my husband that I wish my boobs were removeable, like velcro-ed on, so I could just give them to him.  Such as when I'm golfing, sleeping, walking, gardening. etc.
I like this idea a lot. What do you think about a detachable penis? It would still get hard when you stimulated it, even while detached.


How is this front page?!


That key wouldn't go in that hole.

Until you have been out of work for 8 years.  Then you just want to strap them down out of your way for once.
Just throw them over a shoulder.
Funny how we're a pretty open society about most things, but when it comes to boob encasings we're all sharia'd up about it. Wish we could be a society that cared less whether a woman didn't wear a bra or didn't wear high heels.

You're so right. I'm a woman who never wears bras, I just don't like them, and when I mentioned it to my friends they gave me the most horrified looks and acted grossed out by it. Let your tits go free for Christ's sake.
I still don't understand why women wear high heels.  Flats look just as sexy to me.  
I feel like women who hate wearing bras are simply not wearing the right fit/size of bra. 

When you have small small smaller boobs the only type of  bra that is comfortable is a bra-ette.
My first step when I get home is always to take off my bra. Swing low sweet chariots. 
well I mean, you're . to wear a bra when you're unemployed. you just don't have to.
You're allowed to shower when you're unemployed, but somehow I would always end up realizing it was late afternoon and I still hadn't showered... But hey, my dailies were done! :-) 
Don't worry; they are under strict confinement.
As a guy, this comment thread is making me very happy. Verrrrry ..
Thanks for making it creepy for us. This is why we don't talk about it all the time...
Would you really talk about it ALL the time ?
More often than we do now. But it seems that every time we do, away from the 2x subs, there is always at least one guy who pipes up wanting to see them. No. Piss off. 

He didn't asked to see them, did he ?

Is everyone on reddit unemployed? 

I am! 2 weeks as of today. I'm losing my damn mind but my house has never been cleaner. We'll find something soon, hopefully....
Nope, web developer.  I live on my computer both at work and at home..Sorry you are unemployed, I hope you find a great job soon. 
Thanks, I hope so too...that or I find a large pile of money. Yea, that one.
You know... I like that you went above and beyond. You didn't just hope castikat gets a job. You hoped they get a . job. You rock, cusses.

I'm a designer, which is like being unemployed except I get to feel an inflated sense of importance and indignation.
Those damn clients, they don't know what the hell they're talking about! /s
New Girl is such a good show :)
Is it mainly just a chick show or does it appeal to straight man sensibilities? I watched the first episode and I thought "how are all these guys not gonna try to nail her?"
I think anyone can enjoy it. Admittedly it starts off kinda slow, but it keeps getting better and better!
Awesome writing!

Yeah, I just started watching because of Zooey but it has turned out really good. Schmidt is the best!

As soon as I get home every day,I release those titties from prison. Best feeling in the world.

RELEASE THE TITTIES!
You needed a throwaway to say this?.edit:  im a dunce.  :)

Female OP + Boobs = Front Page

As a man I don't have anything to contribute to this thread but I've never had so much fun reading all the comments.

My boobs are too big to be let free usually. It hurts my back when I don't have a bra on for too long. I need something to hold them up. D:

Doesn't necessarily hurt my back but I can practically feel the skin stretching and my breasts sagging and immediately try to bundle them back up.
Ah that too. I'm so worried I will have nasty stretch marks. :'( I'm surprised I don't have them now...

NOTHING BUT CUTE DOGS HERE, MEN.

This whole thread is a disappointment.

That's so weird to me, mine are also pretty big but I hate wearing bras because the weight of my breasts puts so much stress on my shoulders :/ I love strapless bras, though

Another shout out for .. I just found it a few months ago and the ladies helped me to find my real size. I used to have terrible back problems and now... ALL GONE! It's honestly miraculous. 
Maybe try a tighter band? The band should be bearing most of the weight, not the straps, so that's probably why strapless work so well for you. 
 would love to help!
Too bad that subreddit always teleports away :(
you're thinking of 

I always apologise to my boobs upon their release. Hate those damn bras!
Yep. One of the best feelings taking off that bra. Then have an urge to give them a good scratch :/.Although that's probably because of my small breast and heavily padded bra :( 

When they get a little bigger, you begin to appreciate giving them "a good airing". I basically just lift them up and let the cool air under them and then let them flop back down. It's like playtime for them too. Got to love boobs.
"When" they get bigger..lol. I love your enthusiasm! I wish I could 'flop' them down 

I don't apologise to mine, they try to hurt me whenever they're free.   

I will now dedicate my life to freeing boobs from boob jail!.One boob at a time.

TITTICA!  TITTICA!  TITTICA!
Don't you mean 2?

Unless you're using both hands it's more of an unwrapping motion in which the prisoners are freed sequentially, not simultaneously.
Pinch and snap my friend, pinch and snap.
That unlocks the door, but they are still in the cell at that point
When it's really hot weather, I have on occasion undone the clasp of the jail so that I am semi-free from boob jail while at my desk. Everything stays reasonably situated as long as I don't move with enthusiasm..When it's really hot weather, I never move with enthusiasm.

I always wondered why there wasn't some sort of fishnet bra for hot weather?

they have something even better: 

A fishnet bra would sort of defeat the purpose of a bra. It wouldn't hide your nipples and wouldn't provide any sort of real support for those who need it. If it's tight you're going to have your breast flesh bubbling through the fishnet bra (it would have to be reasonably tight to even hold anything in place) and your nipples could easily poke out (or, if you have any piercings, they would get caught). Lastly, unless you're wearing a thick shirt (which you don't want to be doing in the summer but most women's shirts are made kind of thin anyways) you're going to see that pattern under the shirt!.That being said I'm still waiting for my bra with a built-in cooling pack.
More like lace (or close to stockings?), thin cloth over nipple.
I know I should feel ashamed for how turned on I got reading this paragraph, but I don't.

A small bit of padded fabric around the nipple area wouldn't take away from the cooling factor provided by the mesh.  I was also thinking of a smaller mesh, enough to allow some airflow, without suffocating them..Regarding built-in cooling... So what you need is some of those gel packs, where your squish them around and the chemicals get cold?  I bet you could even find some willing guy to gently massage the packs and help keep you cooled off.  (Oh come on, you . something like that was coming!)
Hey... I think you're onto something! I've just had an awesome idea!! .How about get two . and insert them into the little pockets of .!

I think we can take a lesson from CPU cooling technology for this.  A series of tubes running under the cups that connect to a pump and radiator/heat dissipation system around the back.  Maybe the pump setup could be stationary, and she just plugs in to the tubing while at a desk, or in the car perhaps?  We could install quick connect fittings to prevent leaks.  This is a solvable problem.
Did I really just read that? I refuse to believe that was a serious thought that ran though your head.
Haha. I think this would actually be great for a costume idea provided the bra was clear and you could see all the wiring. Otherwise it's totally impractical (I was thinking more along the lines of having gel packs or the material in an ice pack in the lining and in the 'push up' part of the bra) but the idea of hundreds of women in offices simultaneously plugging their bras in made me laugh.


You're forgetting the most important part, thermal paste. 
I just use saliva.  It's not as good at cooling the boobs, but it comes with a great applicator.
!
Boob jail is cozy and like a hug!
If there's one thing I've learned from reddit is that most women say they hate their bra because they haven't got one that fits. And I'm a man. 
Oh come I'm not surprised to see you here? :p 

A well-fitting bra is like the white-collar version of boob jail.

you could have a bra made out of clouds, but it's still a bra. when i am home i am braless and pantless because your natural state is always going to be more comfy. the most comfortable bra in the world also adds a lot of heat when it is 110F outside. i have good sized breasts but dont find that painful or uncomfortable being without support unless im running around. if i got to get somewhere in the house real fast i hold my breasts down. yes, boobs can be a lot of work

Unless you're one of the unfortunates who hates balconette bras... but guess what? That's all anyone has got in your size!.At the moment I've got a tissue bundled up under the gore of my bra to stop it from hurting me - if they're going to insist on only making balconettes for my size, then they could at least pad the gore slightly so it doesn't assault me.(and yes I'm in the right size, balconettes just don't suit my sternum)
Is that a balconette thing? I would imagine it has more to do with the wires and the height of the gore than the cup seaming. And if you're really uncomfy you could always check out Goddess bras-- not as cute as Curvy Kate but cheaper and with an even larger size range, iirc.


So I don't sound too much like a perv, I should point out I'm female. What size are you? Or where do you live? (You probably don't want to answer both!) I just can't figure out why that would be the case--I've been a pretty wide range of sizes in my life and have never found any particular size limited to one style.
28J living in the UK - I have a strong preference for Plunge bras and I have never been able to find one that works in my size.There is the satine by bravissimo, but it seems to run small in the cup because my righty just bulges right out of there.The problem arises because a lot of bras that look like they would be good style wise often either don't come in a 28 band OR they do the old  tantalising "yes I come in a 28 and yes I come in a J, but no you can't have both together" or last but not least - the aforementioned "HAHA FOOLED YOU I'M TOO SMALL"


Check out Curvy Kate. They have a pretty large selection of 28J in plunge. .Since your size is an outlier you won't be able to find many local stores where you can try them on. In the US there is a store called . that specializes in a wide range of sizes and custom fits that is a god send for finding the perfect bra. .I'm not aware if there is a UK equivalent. If not, it means you get the joy of guessing at purchases online until you order one that really works. But once you do that life gets a hell of a lot more comfortable... 
And then your boobs change. 

Even though my bra is totally like a comfortable hug, sometimes you just don't want to be hugged. Even with a comfy bra, I still want to be FREEEEEEEEEEEE
Amen. I have a great bra, fits perfectly, gives me decent cleavage while simultaneously keeping my nips from trying to poke everyone in the eye. And yet the moment I can, that baby is off and my boobs are happy and free. I think that moment, the flinging of the bra, is a kin to when a man can itch his crotch as much as he wants without public scrutiny. 
If you poked me in the eye that would have been the most action I have gotten since ever. Please don't be afraid of doing that!
Public scrutiny? If it's itchy enough, I'm happy to be a social outcast. 
oddly enough, just last night when my wife and i were getting ready for bed I was in the bathroom brushing my teeth when I hear, "The BEST part of the day is taking this thing off!!!" I turned around to see a bra flung across the bedroom and onto the floor... 
we scratch our balls all the time in public. we are just good about nobody noticing 
Oh my god you fucking nailed it. I love you!
Yeah, I hate when my crotch scratches.

Aw damn, I usually catch myself on that one. I'll leave it, otherwise your post would make no sense. 
Intentional flip of itch and scratch ... or ... ?

HEY!
Don't take it personally dude, I'm sure she didn't mean it that way!
Finally relevant I see.

And here I am thinking your a damn Pokemon this whole time..... Stupid abra!
He uses both to be relevant in 
You're


I was actually thinking of a much smaller mesh ;-)

Best visual ever. 
We're fine with that
DM;SB.
The latest trend is braless in public. 
Males approve 

Really? In the UK, the trend is see through dresses / blouses with a bra on underneath (obviously).
I'm a woman in the UK and I think this look is dreadful! Especially for women dressing for work with a "blouse" that might as well be made of paper and their bra on display, so unprofessional. For girls dressing for a night club, whatever I don't care.
Went to Vancouver and Victoria Canada and this was totally a thing there. As a straight male, I approve and wish this would catch on in the states.
You should find hipster parties. I went to one and at least half of the girls there were dressed like this. I had no idea it was a UK thing. I just assumed hipsters dressed weird and didn't care.
As a woman in the UK, I do this. In hot weather, it feels better to wear a bra and a really thin shirt rather than not wearing a bra but still being covered up too much. 


whats the porpoise of posting that?

Just probably.
 . "What?"
So long and thanks for all the...tits?
Well, ok then...
Mixed feelings about this. 
I feel you bro, those dolphins are damn hot, but the girl is pretty meh.
We should get together.



She's wearing a magic push up bra.

BUT I WANT TO BELIEVE!
[deleted]
You might even say that I'm sexually attracted to her.
DM;SB
Doesn't matter; still boobs?
saw boobs
Saw VIII: Boobs
Saw. Saw the boobs.
cleavage, not boobs. sadly.



Complain wow nice.Wow
For anyone wondering: 



 
I watched this too many times....Because it's funny, yeah that's the reason...
She looks so surprised too, each and every time! 

I watched this for 5 minutes straight, it was hard, but it only gets better with every view.
What was hard...

I had to scroll down this far to see tits? Reddit... get your shit together. 
Take me as you apprentice, master.
I...I don't normally...umm...do this.......but source?



It's kind of odd calling that a prank. It's like giving someone Christmas present and then laughing at them and saying they should have seen the look on their face
I agree, I wish women would "prank" me like that.
Star Wars.
 also 

dat anterior pelvic tilt

Damn I want to be a jedi!
Sith can do this, and more..
Jedi's are dicks! All they do is ride their hovercars all over the grass, when there's a sign that explicitly say's not to. So I always go up and tell them to get off the grass, and next thing I know, all my clothed are on the grass! I try to pick it up but it's too late, they've already seen everything. Then they just ride off back to their gay Jedi schools, on the damn grass!
Jedi get all the chicks.
In an odd twist, their website seems to be in maintenance/browse-only mode. I guess even those who have learned to control the force still need a good IT guy.  


Wait is that real? I can't remember.
yup 1:47:14 into the picture.
Hands Solo.

Hands so low.

Hands not too low.
I don't understand this.. I find my bra extremely comfortable and I cannot go without one.
I've heard this off women, like if they get a bra properly fitted instead of buying off the peg it's millions of times better.
I was just about to say that! As a gal with big boobs, I find it more comfortable to wear a bra. I'll switch from a bra to a sports bra at night. 
I was going to say, I cannot stand not wearing a bra. The only reason I take off my bra at night was because I was breaking out really badly on my chest. Otherwise, yeah. This.

It all depends on the bra and most woman are wearing the wrong size and type for their boobs, so it leads to a lot of discomfort. .Like I like my bras, unless it's a strapless bra and then I sing praises when I get to take it off. 
It's not that the bra is uncomfortable- I have perfectly comfortable bras. It's just that I don't feel like wearing it.

Sometimes your "true" size doesnt actually exist. If they manufactured a bra for me, I'd be a 26 A : [ im really skinny underneath my boobs. It's just not a size that exists. Or a size that needs uncomfortable under wire. A's don't really need support, I literally wear a bra for the sole purpose of concealing my nipples. 

I think sports bras are much more comfortable.

As a man I hate sports bras with a fiery passion.
Im a guy and even I understand why you are comfortable with your bra and she is not....You have the correctly sized bra while she does not. She should go get herself fitted for the correct size..Edit: Thanks for the clarification on this ladies of reddit.

No this is bullshit.  Everyone loves to say this, but even correctly sized bras can be the worst.  I like the shoe analogy that . used.  My shoes fit, I just don't like wearing shoes.

I'm a guy, I wear pants that fit, and they look good. But at the end of the day, when I get home from work, the first thing that comes off is my pants..(Well, technically, my shoes come off first.)
That's actually a common misconception. We could all have the same shoe size wear the same shoes and not all of us would me comfortable in it. We might all be able to wear it but some would be more excited than others to take it off at the end of the day. Fitting and size of boobs aren't always the root of the problem. Now if you're tugging at your bras all day you might have a problem
This is easier said than done.  Bra manufacturers do not use standard sizing and most stores do not carry sizes for larger women..Bras for larger women have underwire.  Imagine wearing a cup with a piece of hard wire than digs into your scrotum.

I'm 32DD and have a really hard time finding bras because manufacturers insist on making them really flimsy and full of padding, both of which are pointless when you're already a DD. I actually got fed up with being unable to find bras and ended up trying that as seen on TV Genie bra from the walmart checkout isle, and it's actually super comfortable. For the days I can't bring myself to torture the girls.

I hit 36f after I had a baby and needed new bras. I was shocked to see that they were padded. It wasn't just thicker fabric but it had a damn insert. I don't want bigger boobs :/ I just got sports bras and been wearing those for the past 7 months. 

 could help out with getting a better bra.
This right here. There are links to bra stores that will fit pretty much any breasts. 
Also links to bra stop for cheap good bras.
Exactly!
That's what we're for (:
Then quit teleporting away when I'm trying to find you. 
pokeball straight away...if only I knew that when I was younger :(


Really? I feel like they mush my boobs into one big uniboob

There are 2 sorts of sports bras: compression (the ones that give a uni-boob and come in sizes like s-m-l-xl) and encapsulation (which come in bra-sizes) . . has a sports bra guide for more info but I gather that the latter tends to be much more comfortable and supportive than the former.
Sometimes uniboobs are hot...
*superboob
new word of the day: uniboob
Some do! Others ROCK. They're soft and comfortable yet supportive all in one. You need the ones shaped more like a real bra.
Can you suggest some brands? I started running recently, and the uniboob bras are not great for the hotter/sweatier days.

Top rated:  Panache is a British brand; Under Armour; and Enell. I also like Wacaul. 

agreed, I recently bought a strapless bra built like a sports bra thats made out of soft cotton and feels like a special boob sweater :)
I just recently started wearing sports bras. They're AMAZING!
I feel the same way about my weiner and boxer briefs..Ya, I called it a weiner, I'm a 3 year old redditor.

Yea, I like the lift and support. I feel like stuff stretches with it just flapjacking around all day.


Risky click.  Time to roll the dice.

Boxers are too loose. Briefs are too constricting..Boxer briefs for life. . After some careful Googling triggered by ., I have found that I actually wear trunks, not boxer briefs. .I rescind my previous analysis. Boxers are too loose, briefs are too constricting, and boxer briefs are those long ones that bunch up real easy. .Trunks for life. 
I prefer trunks. Benefits of all without tight legs when you stretch


I too, have stumbled upon this revelation. I've been living a lie this whole time. A comfortable, cozy lie.
I find boxer briefs to be the worst of both worlds. The constriction of briefs with the bunching of boxers.

Goten is totally cooler than Trunks.

Woah, NSFW please.
It's SFW for the guy who drives it.

It's because you have large breasts. I also have large breasts. It's not jail.... It's a fucking stabilization system.
Need more struts
Sports bras are a godsend. Best of both world having some support with out an annoying bra feeling.
I have small boobs, and I find my bra comfortable as well. 
I have big boobs, I hate wearing a bra, especially in the heat the UK is currently basking in. And yes, my bras do fit. 

Came here to say this- NOT wearing one is waaay more uncomfortable than wearing one!
I hate how it feels when I don't have on a bra.  I wear D/DD.  .In order to stave off the "." militia... my bra fits.  I just have one side a little smaller than the other. 
This.  Also a chafing reduction system.  Everytime I try to go without a bra when I am also trying to do something? 
Oww my nipples.
My stabilization systems are super fancy so my boobs love getting in there. They feel 'pretty'.
Same here! I even have an old, soft bra that I wear to sleep in. When my husband asked about that, early in our relationship, I told him if I didn't sleep with a bra on, it would be like a couple of rottweiler puppies having a wrestling match in there. .You know what he said to that? "Oooh, I want to see that!"
I'm pretty athletic and have large breasts. Bras are an essential part of life.  Having a quality bra that fits well makes a world of difference. It abolishes that end of day ritual of getting home and ripping that shit off in ecstatic relief. 
I think this is it on the nose. I run quite a bit (50-67 miles a week) and have very large boobs on an otherwise muscular frame. They comprise the uncontrolled weight on my body and the pendulum action can be quite straining. .I recently got refitted for sports bras and its like my back couldn't thank me more.
I also have large breasts (32G last time I wore a bra...which was too small), and I haven't worn a bra for the past three months and it's awesome. Walking, running, or doing anything without a bra is fun, and my boobs don't hurt anymore. I feel much better overall. Unlike most women (who've never tried going at least a week without wearing a bra since puberty), I've tried it both ways, and bra free is how I like it best.
Will you not get stretch marks and sagging from having boobs that big that aren't supported?
There is not a single study that proves that bras prevent sagging. Even companies that sell bras don't claim that bras prevent sagging. A few small studies even suggest that bras . sagging by weakening Cooper's ligaments, and might even promote breast cancer. These studies are poorly designed for the most part, but I'd rather err on the side of not tying a tight garment with hard wires around one of the most delicate parts of my body for 12 hours a day. Women didn't wait for a study to start wearing bras, so I'm not going to wait for one to stop wearing them either..Edit: I'd be very curious to see the arguments of the people who downvoted me. I don't believe I said anything offensive or untrue. It's easy to hit the downvote button, but why not have an actual discussion about this? I think it is very much needed. 

I have pretty big boobs too, but it's not so much that I hate wearing a bra as it is that it feels so good taking it off. It's like relief of something that I didn't know was bothering me in the first place.
I have large breasts and it is a mixed bag.  Some days I'm like, so happy to have a bra on...others I'm running home to get the damn thing off and be rid of it.  
Or inertial dampeners in Trek talk. 
I absolutely agree... whenever there's anyone around, or if I'm out even just past my doorstep, i cannot function without a bra..When it's just me, then ..
Exactly. I can't just not wear one because my back aches otherwise. 
You understand my pain. And no amount of yoga or core training seems to help....
So true.  I walk the fine line on the weekends of how long can I lay around without one before the situation becomes worse
'round here we call that an "over-the-shoulder boulder-holder".
I have very average sized breasts and still prefer the feeling of a bra than without. I could happily sleep in one. If your bra isn't comfortable it's probably a bad fit.
It's not always about fit. Sometimes its just hot and makes you more sweaty, which is so uncomfortable. And some people with big enough boobs can have a well fitted bra but get their shoulders dug into by the straps. =/
Straps digging into shoulders is usually a sign of a bad fit, too. I feel you on the extra layer thing! I'm trying to hunt down a super light fabric bra to se if it'll help, but in the meantime I solve the problem by walking around in my underwear. Yay for living alone!
Eh, not if you wear Fs, Gs, etc. Sometimes it just can't be helped. And I love being naked. lol I live with the fiance so I still get to do it!


I have large breasts (34 G) and I do not like having a bra on. I also do not enjoy trousers or underwear through. I like the support, I just prefer being nude :3 freeeeeeedom! Occasionally I like a blanket when its cold...
maybe they will hear your cry for freedom and make a snuggie with a built in cami... like a genie bra snuggie, a grubbie if you will
creepy PMs in 3..2..1..
I'm with you, RockinWeasel.  Clothes people just don't understand.  Keep on rockin'.
you are me?
maybe, I've often wondered if I'm actually someone else...
I have large breasts too and I could never pull off going braless in public however, I always look forward to taking them off as soon as I get home. I live in a humid, tropical country and one less clothing sticking to my skin is always a welcome relief.
when its hot and humid look to our saviors at lily of france, they make a bra that pulls the sweat off your skin. removes almost all underboob sweat

It's annoying how some are saying that "if it's uncomfortable you're not wearing the right bra or  size!" Seriously, I get that misconception but i'll tell you this: I have the right bra on every DAY. Doesn't bother me the least bit throughout the day. But, there is an amazing feeling (sigh) of relief when I take them off at the end of the day. It's kind of like saying you don't have to wear layers of clothing in the winter if you feel uncomfortable... Yeah sure that's true but aren't you happy when you get to peel all of it  off when you get home?
I know what you mean. If the bra you're wearing digs into your skin or makes you feel super constricted, then yes most likely you're not wearing the correct size. But like some of us here, we all have various reasons why we look forward to taking them off after a long day. It's one of the best feelings in the world.
In the summer . becomes uncomfortable to me. My bras are super comfy, but after I walk home from work in 90 degree humid disgustingness with the sun attacking me off of huge skyscrapers I cannot . to peel off my bra, jeans, and anything else that was touching my skin. Going to work is like going to clothing jail. 



Exactly. These delinquents need order or they're going to commit atrocities.
In those cases, it's less of a "jail" and more of a pleasant asylum for the criminally insane.
volunteering to watch said atrocities!
But, you're... Just a baby...
Babies love giant breasts,  probably.  Even the guy ones. 
Not even funny.
NSFW Dammit. This post is . 
wat
If you say you have not done this then you are full of LIES!
Am I the only one that this has NEVER happened to?
That happens a lot when your cat is sleeping by your feet and you don't realize it, so you use a loose hand grip to pull the covers.
So Reddit is now using screen shots from Whisper? 
I once did that as a kid and gave myself a black eye. I remember an adult asking me if my parents hit me.
I usually end up somehow punching the wall.
I don't think this Is a thing...
I hit myself in the nuts doing this yesterday..First it hurt in my nuts. Then it hurt my pride.
I hate it when I think my car window is open and go to look behind me while backing up.
You might actually be retarded if this is a problem for you.
I'm not alone in this.  I feel so validated.
Are you a hotel maid? Only they possess the knowledge to tuck sheets in with that much grip on the mattress.
I hate when I sleep on my arm and wake up. Feeling like dead weight I drop it on my face.
...what.
I sleep on my stomach so this us never a problem. I do, however, hate it when I go to put on my glasses in the morning and jab myself in the eye..It doesn't happen enough to make me blind, but when it does, it's kind of a problem.
No joke, a family member did this and had a black eye at christmas or thanksgiving or something. An older family member.
Or the dreaded. Im going to browse my phone while I lay on my back and I drop it on my face. 
Try an iPad.
lol srsly? This has never happened to me.
Plot twist:There was no blankets
.
Imma need a gif of this. 
Jiffy! 0:04-0:06
What is this suddenly Facebook?

Every time, huh?  
EVERY time?
This makes me happy, when i still enjoyed rage comics (over a year ago) i made one about this exact scenario. From the comments section i thought i was the only one. Good to know that there is at least 2 of us out there.
Really? Every single time? There is a better than average chance that you are retarded if you can't even operate a blanket, without inflicting harm upon yourself.
I hate when I sit on the toilet, and my thing falls in the water
Ive done this twice to my girlfiend while in bed. Woops
Exactly how heavy are your blankets? 
Happened to me yesterday actually...I felt like I was dying a little inside...
I hate when I'm on Reddit and I see a repost from iFunny... 
This happened once..When I was 8.
I love when I'm trying to scratch my ankle and end up having a fap.
Bonus points if you punch yourself bloody, but are too tired to get out of bed and deal with it
Pshh never happens to me... 
Either you posted this to whisper and thought, "Man, I'm funny I'm going to post this to Reddit!" or you thought, "Hey this thing from Whisper is funny I'm going to post this to Reddit!" Both are equally shitty.
Right? There's another post on the front page from Whisper as well.
Call me a liar, but my motor skills are developed enough to stop my hand when it gets too close to my face.
From experience, it happens when you are pulling it towards your face and there is something holding it back and you lose your grip and then you feel like an idiot.
I can't thow a ball 20 feet, but I can not-punch myself with the best of 'em
So this is what's cool on Reddit, now? Something that sounds like it would be from a parody twitter account? Cool. Cool cool cool. 
That's like when I pull my sleve up and loose grip then punch myself in the boob. 
Go on...
Thank goodness that this happens to other people. 
I hate when i try to take My shoes off and I kick myself in My balls.
How? I just...what?
Glad to hear I'm not the only one. 
I feel sad that I actually did that when I was 13...
whoosh
I know that feel...
That's a new level of stupid 
I have never done this in my life...
Better stock up on those bananas they will keep you safe from zombies
everybody will be going bananas. 
Repost , op is a bundle of sticks 
repost!
I don't get it, and I don't want to.
I showed this to my girlfriend and she is like, "Because of leg cramps?"
I lol'd good thing she is pretty.
tonight. you.
Fresh dildos in isle 3
BYOB parties perhaps?
It's rapin' time!
There's nothing I love more than going out after dark, putting a banana peel on the sidewalk, hiding in the bushes, and then eating the banana while I wait for someone to come along and slip on the peel. You can't have more fun for $.69 a Lb. than that!
Upvote because my imagination just went beyond wild... 
Banana fight!
It's part of an advertisement on grilling bananas,  like a night time cook out or party or that sort of idea.  They actually turn out alright..Source: I worked in produce for a long-ass time.
As said by one of the greatest men in history, "Always bring a banana to a party"
This deserves front page.
No, OP reposted bundles of bananas.
This would work equally well next to the cucumbers and zuccini.
By way of comparison, this would not work well next to the peaches.
Or the jalapeos
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
At least he's living up to his name
Smells like repost in here.

I live near there.. photo shopped 
top row, second from right... either sex with animal or serial killer
That's what New Zealanders call a coin toss. 
Thanks for shopping at CVS.... Oh i almost forgot you receipt..(three days later) Here you go! 5cents off a bottle of FUCK YOU!
and look at all those coupons you got from buying 1 thing... lucky!
Every damn time...  And all of the coupons expire TOMORROW.   I don't need five bottles of witch hazel, your coupons do not help me! 
WE KNOW.
Actually have saved quite a bit of money with some of their coupons. Received $341 in Bonus Bucks on one once. It was good for anything in the store. My wife got $48 bonus bucks a few weeks later. Don't just trash them. Sometimes they are pretty awesome.
Was it worth dziewisetdziewidziesitdziewimiliardwdziwiesetdziewidziesitdziewimilionwdziewisetdziewisitdziewitysicydziewisetdziewiddziesiciodziewicioletni?
I bought a thing of mini shampoo. They gave me six coupons. _
Your brother is hot.
should have bought some no show socks, too
Unfortunately he blew all his money on Kanye's shirt. 
Shyamalan
I have yet to see Sharknado, is it as awesome as it sounds? 
You have no idea how tempted i was to repost your complaint about reposts. And then i remembered the effort that would take and gave up and write this shitty comment instead
I was going to use this one, but him going "I, I, I, I, I, I..." was a little bit annoying.
Is there a .? There should be.
PERFECT!!
They're like Mormons...but better
That's the funniest thing I've read in months!
Or a bully breed dog lover
Or you know, try knocking.
That's an awesome name for this. Definitely need to use that.
Just do the casual walk by the stall and stare in crack in the  technique 
Rollback the sweat.
It took me a second to find but now it's all  I can see.
Kool-Aid smile
I play drums and have a mustache and I can confirm that this is accurate. 
Bae caught me slittin
I'd lurk her.
Definitely, not a minor. 
ITT:.Risky 
My wife just got reddit gold for a comment. I never have.
Welcome to the depressing life of being a man on the internet, you have no boobs.
I do quite frequently!
Gonewild Request: your Girlfriend only if she is 18+.
This girl is Definetly only 12-15 years old.. 
Oh these comments are going to be wicked awesome!
Too bad for you babe... I just made an account. Guys, your wishes may come true. 
Oh shit...
That's a big ass fucking pillow, its the size of her entire torso.
Nah, she's just that miniature!
OP is quickly unsaving all the gonewild posts he's kept hidden.
Is this true babe? 
of course it is, he's a man.
Hey look I HAVE A GIRLFRIEND REDDIT!
If you wanted attention, I think you're about to get it.
Your girlfriend looks like 15 dude
Look at OPs post history...  .  
why don't you have a seat over here...
probably is, minors browse reddit to lol.
Should I start taking requests? Lol
good girl gina in the cyberflesh.
You absolutely should!
you also turned her into masturbation material for reddit, sucka. 
Tits or gtfo
ohhhhh man, I hope this hits the front page
if he wants Karma he would remove her clothes for us.
Rookie mistake OP.
Shoulda posted this on /petsgonewild.   "I'm shy!  It's my first time!  Be kind!"
Alright, who took a shit in the donuts again?
Oh, c'mon! You know you love the big black ... donut.




I can hear that crackling sound.
lol upvote 4 u!
The image on the cup is probably 3D
i flew my ROFLcopter into a LOLcano
 
These are just male seeds, you require female seeds as well, they carry the buds.
Haha there is a blue bulldog clip on the packaging for the seeds 
which strain is it?
don't buy. they are no good.
nothing pakistani sell there is real. and i paid 15 euro for 3 seeds. 
What kind of seeds are those in the red bag next to it? 
you should post that in 
probably wrong section but the name calling made me laugh.
Every time I see one of this guys videos I just smile.
Well that's just despicable
He found it a bit harder to squeeze in after he Gru
How much you want to bet that hot dog vendor was a KGB agent?
"Hop ons" watch out for hop ons!
Rock on, man. I am usually too busy hitting myself and squealing like a girl to feel like a champion.
Who is it, and do any of you have a link to a video of her googling herself?
Watched that live. Made the weirdest noise. And don't worry he will have a new one by the time his round is finished
Regardless, not reading books doesn't make you less intellectual
The values, they are a chang'in
Jesus walks with him. he can say whatever he damn pleases. wisdom.
Correct, but people who enjoy reading have a tendency to be more intellectual
Yes. Yes it does. 
"I would never want a book's autograph." What the fuck does that mean?
Explained in the next sentence. 
God lord this man produced offspring....
A mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone, if it is to keep its edge.  George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones
"I'm a gay fish.".-Kanye West
"But I am a genius. IT DOESN'T MAKE SENSE"
Is this seriously a quote
Do you like fish sticks?
LOVE 'EM.
It was when kanye was writing on the whiteboard trying to make sense of the gay fish joke.
Riiiiiiight.
Get some big cock in you and you'll have a good shit.
Hoist the mizzenmast!
Jib the topsails!
Load the spudzooka!
You've never worked retail have you? .Believe me, these instruction are essential. 
welcome to 'merica ! 
Instructions not clear, now my head is stuck 
The only problem is that is from Tesco, a British store. 
LIL SEBASTIAN IS A MECHANIC!!!???
There's a horsepower joke somewhere... I feel it...
Quit horsen around!
Whys the pony a zombie?
Me fail English? That's unpossible!
I just had to put something here because I'm proud to see part of north central Wv in reddit.
r/shitthat'snotreallythatfunny
I'm taking the last train there.
As someone from Moorefield , I can confirm this!
WHSV!
It's hot in Topeka
Still better than Irvine.. 

Plot-twist : it's in Celsius and there's a giant forest fire. Clarksburg is in the middle of it, all these other towns are really close to it.
Al Gore must be reporting the weather here...
308 Kelvin = 94.73 fahrenheit.
Still really hot if it's WV. 
Ha ha!  That's funny because global warming is a lie!
Plot Twist: that's in celsius.
Kelvin.
It's hot in Topeka...
Pick my toe, it's hot. 
0_o wait, West Virginia? That's my state, I live there. 
I thought you lived in a sink. LAIR!!!!
The sink is his Lair?
Both you, your wife, and your cousin live there :).Sorry.
I assure you I didn't meet my fianc at my family reunion. 
I'm willing to give you the benefit of the doubt...unless you're from Ritchie County.
I was born in Berkeley county and I am currently living in Preston County 
why hello fellow eastern panhandle to north central migrant. Jefferson to Mon here.
I lived in Mon county for about 4 months 
My sink is in West Virginia. 
West Virginia is in your sink.
Yus. To all
try showering
Finally! A place for left-handed smokers!
I literally NEVER get these types of emails... not even in spam. Nothing like this, nor from some Nigerian prince. Where the hell are you people handing out your email address?
Gotta love MS Paint
You know what'd suck? Being one of the poster kids for that. Their rest of high school would've sucked.
I read the bottom left as "Why did I die last night after my seventh Jgerbomb?"
The 1980-2000 meter is off the charts
That's three decades worth... This looks late 80s, early 90s.
i think that's what he ment.. from year 1980-2000. Not 1980-2010
"should I shave my pubes?"
"Does anal feel good?"
"What does crack taste like?"
What am I looking at?
If you are just noticing it now, how do you know it has been posted so many times before?
I think you are just now noticing the arrow OP added.
Picture on the wall.
Yeah, but what about it?
So he is noticing the arrow that he added? I'm just trying to wrap my mind around this logic.
Stay in school. Forever.
I am familiar with the overly manly man. I just want to know how you know it is a repost while just noticing it at the same time. The logic does not follow.
This is a bad sign.
I was thinking it was an advanced duck face
Blue steel
That's Magnum!
It's beautiful.

She's duckfacing early.
6 months old in these pics way too early
Your name is Tibetan Mastiff? Nice to meet you, Tibby.
Chicks haven't loved fros this much since the mid 70s.
It's your KIDS marty!
oh my word I could kiss you.
muuuah!  :x
Damn you...I want my life back!
no you don't
That line in her eyebrows though...
White spot in center of e too white. 
I knooooooooow!
WHY IS THE LAST E NOT COMPLETED WITH YELLOW!!?!?
I knooooooow 
Oooh Nooooooooooooo
nananana.nananana
I bought thousands of them and got downvoted :( I am low again!
I'd fuck that bottle 8====D
Reddit should reward great posters with a bottle! I'm not a great poster but hey a drink instead of online number sounds way more fun. 
The red one tastes like soap btw. Blue isn't bad though. 
Well I'm here. Where is it?
My buddy said he's had one before and they weren't very good. something about mixing nutrients or something and it doesn't really work or taste good.
Yea all the vitamins are in the top and you peel this sticker and push down the little nob thing and it releases the vitamins into the water. The only one that's some what drinkable is the blue one, I've tried them all and the rest are horrible. Not worth almost $3 each. 
Try our brand new 
tastes like shit. oh my bad, wrong bottle.
I am pretty sure this is in a vending machine..$2.89.WHO CHOOSES THESE THINGS.
7/11 actually. People forget that they have more than just, you know, old hot dogs
Old like a fine aged wine.
Mmm. Tastes good.
this is the kind of stuff you find on r/wtf nowadays
those eyes follow you everywhere
 
Thumbnail looks like Gallagher
How can I get that statue?

Ah, I remember when Adam Sandler was funny.
Upvote for the Happy Gilmore photo!
Having 60mb Internet connection you mostly miss that last 5%. On the other hand you don't appreciate any downloads anymore.
Get in your hole! It's where you belong!!
He's got his bags packed, he's at the airport. Just send him home.
This also passes for iOS text messages. 
ARE YOU TOO GOOD FOR YOUR HOME??!!
 . . . 6h before this post by . (fixed by .). 
Took me forever to get it.
Impossible.  The Titanic sailed in the Northern Atlantic Sea.  Everybody knows that penguins' natural habitat is in the Southern Antarctic.  
That cat sits so erect.
That is how I draw a weird looking penus. Only in reverse order.
Now everyone draw the first image in permanent marker on the whiteboard in your classroom at school or the conference room at work.  Then draw the rest in dry-erase.  Now it's a waiting game, my friends, until someone tries to erase that drawing of a cat.

Must be a devil's food cake.
This woman is a genius.
For whatever reason it took me way too long to see the thing that was supposed to be "out of place"
I am assuming she has never heard opening an umbrella up Inside is bad luck.
She's missing a tin foil hat!
That wasn't nearly as bad as Colin Kaepernick.  What a doucher....
As a Lebron hater in general I would like to present you with an upvote.
I love how the girl's head in the back mimics him.
I'm guessing you didn't use Karma Decay?
April 1st eh?
We found the terrorists!!!!!!
At least they didn't have the dog in there too.
Lol
They're fucking
With the funding NASA gets now this might be our best shot at expanding the space frontier. 
This is Japanese, not Chinese...

I would pay good money to see someone do that to Megyn Kelly.
That seems unnecessary
it's japan you fuck. 
Instantly crying. 
Japan.
I would pay good money to see someone do that to Bill O'reilly.
Yeah this is not a place for ..
I would pay good money to see someone do that to Rush Limbaugh.
This is Bang Ding Ow reporting rive from Beijing! 
Foreplay achieved.
This is Japanese Judo and for a black belt that guy's technique was shit. .Source: I do Japanese Judo
yeah, asians know how to be gentle and tender with their women. romantic!
ROR!
What a dick.
Manchild destroyed her. Someone fix this gif and put little power bars above each character. Then have her score go way down when he slams her. 
I don't think she should have asked for a demonstration by the kid with an extra chromosome. Side note: can someone pull an upskirt from that gif. I like Asians!
Proly what happened to that kid the first day he walked in there too
He puts down his prey before he he begins to eat. 
Never let go of the microphone..Fucking professional.
Even after he smashed her head into the concrete instead of the pad. 
That's all pad, no concrete visible.
Yup. It looks like the ones I have at my dojo. 
Not that being thrown to the ground that hard by a guy easily twice your size feels ., mats or not, heh..Those mats look pretty damn thin on top of everything.
Yeah. I know how that feels. Especially when you don't expect it. But that's true. Point made. Again. Ha
She didn't need any of that oxygen in her lungs anyway.
Ha. Yeah. She's ok with out it. She'll live. 
I find this absolutely terrifying
Looks like the alien from Prometheus.
looks like jim carey in the mask
This is the weirdest thing to watch listening to Slayer...
He already ruined Ghost Rider for me.  Please don't give him any further ideas to ruin ME.  
Looks like it says Asshale Parking.
My dad showed me this pic on his smartphone like, last week...
The kid standing there like "Dad, you karma whore"
Might not want to do in San Diego.
Adding chalk stat. Great idea.
Take your friend's pants off. Tell him the cat did it.
That's kinda gay.
did the cat tell him that he loved him?
I don't mind sleeping with a pussy on my face.Source: my cat will sleep on my face sometimes.
Catastrophic!
Please tell me what your friend said when you showed him this photo. You know your cat likely farted, right? Because the face says "smell it!"
NEXT to his face. NEXT. Bad title, and definitely not funny.
I love you human. You are mine. 
Why is your friend in his underwear on your couch?
How the hell do you explain " your friends" lack of clothing? Did he arrive at your house sporting only his sensible cotton boxer briefs? Why was that not a clue as to his intentions? Is he really a closet-gay who has to get drunk before he can giggity giggity with you; is that really why he passed out? 
I do I'd think I'm alone when I say, 'I want answers to these questions and they better be honest answers, darn it!'
cat ass is the worst
So what's the story to this one? 
Nothing extravagant, just had a cat who insisted on shoving its ass towards my face every time I laid down.
I read this as passed away.
A little pussy next to your face will help you sleep. 
is your friend called Hungry Joe?
Upvote for Catch-22 reference
Might want to mark it as NSFW. Pussy facesitting deems a nsfw tag
Is that dude fully torqued? 
Is your friend's name Richard?
I SPY A BANDAID!!
he looks kinda constipated... or like hes plotting horrible deaths for anyone who comes close to him
so sleepy
Looks like he's already full...
Firessu!
Who keeps beer in their freezer?
Beer popsicle!
Clever girl
If you look closely, you can see BONG on the guy shirt !!!
Gee I wouldn't have noticed without the circle
That smirk. Oral knows what's up. 
Yea but she's all teeth though.
You're probably right op I bet her reports were the best. 
you're
I know, but still 

majestic
Hilarious 
First of all; Good line.  What's it from?
Second; what is it doing on funny?
nip tuck; not sure.
Appreciate it
scary, but true. Damn do I love a bad bitch with a cute face slim waist and fatass, usually the most conniving of creatures out there. 
This was such a twisted show! Two thumbs up for it 
which one?
The furry one, the cleaning guy was definitely taking our food.
:/.Is he depressed over that wonky tooth?
Try taking a picture of him with his mouth open. 
He might look happier with a bottle of booze in there....
I blame Obamacare. 
I have had that done before it was awkward, like for real. I had a guy dr. too and it was almost just as embarrassing when he said, "you aren't going to cry are you?" I think he maybe have enjoyed fingering my young ass haha lol
An analog reminder to wash hands before a digital rectal inspection.  Possibly after the doctor digitally disimpacts an anal log.  That's quite the analogy.
Life is hard.
I need an adult.
Yummm ice cream sandwich.
 
 
Oh no you have to pull a piece of plastic
I'm having a love affair with this ice cream sandwich.
Batman would be ashamed
I just ate one. Doesn't it also seem that they always melt before you even start eating them, regardless of how long they've been out?
By the time I reached the part my hand was holding it was practically liquid. Very disappointing.
Nevermind... you keep it
its super effective!
And of course her concerned friend's immediate concern was to laugh hysterically. Friends are brilliant! 
I wish my wife was an unreasonable bitch so I could complain about her, too..:(.That's what I get for hooking up with a decent human being instead of a selfish whore beast..My bad.
yeah man you really fucked up. Live life on the miserable side
Yay stereotypes! 
Yeah..Sex on the regular and waking up every day next to your best friend..It's fucking horrible..And she's always nagging me with shit like "I love you," and "hey, thanks for doing that for me.".GAWD!  What an insufferable hose-beast!
Man, tough life. I feel for ya brother, hang in there. I can give you the suicide hotline number if you're really feeling down.
"It's all right, Andy. It's just bolognese!"
David Blaine has really let himself go.
Haha I laughed, that is so bad. Someone would be in hell if I saw them hitting my car. Luckily I can't watch my car every min so someones ass is saved.
Ouch. Scumbag move.
Makes you want to go all CSI on their ass: analyze the hand writing samples, scour the scene for paint chips and other evidence.  I WILL CATCH THIS FUCKER.  Start calling car shops to see if anyone's requested repairs matching the collision with your damage, check for ATM and traffic cameras that may have caught the act....Ah fuck it, I'll just go have a beer. 
well thanks mysterious stranger for that one of a kind racing stripe down the side....
"How dare you touch me, ."
It could of been worse.
Not yet!
Is it an inverted cross or is there a meaning to it facing you when you are seated?
nice bathing suit and tattoos.
everyone is shitting fire over me not wearing a bathing suit but my ass isn't showing and more is covered this way
Is it safe to assume you are enjoying some beer to help the experience?
iced coffee. hahahah. sorry
Where is my pool invite?
COME ON OVER!
cross of St. Peter's with 7 cardinal vices to remind me to be humble. 
That's probably why everyone is shitting fire, they want less covered and more ass. I wasn't shitting fire btw, you gotta do what you gotta do to stay cool, who cares.
Keep trying!
for?
Kids.  Practice is the best part.  :)
agreed except I'm never having kids
Why are you inside?
why not
or a bathing suit?
NO TIME. 
While I can't speak ill of ice coffee, conceiving of living room body-of-water must have had some alcohol involved, right?  If not the idea, then the execution?
nope. totally sober. just a crazy lady.
Mortal Kombat tattoo? Nice.
thanks
awesome mortal kombat tat
thanks
that's piss
correct
An attention whore rests naturally near the closest source of water. Unaware of predators. 
oh, shut up. 
So, that's where . came from.
101? Wow. 
Stop buying these immediately! It's like you're taking food right out of little North West's mouth!
Exactly!  You can't feed North West when profits are going south!
Is the counselor smacking his butt or his dick?
Shit like this pisses me off. 
Yeah I think maybe calling the cops might be a better choice than posting this on reddit
Why is this on . and not .?
... Because it's funny
Seems like a joke, but he could seriously be abusing him.
Damn that traumatizing. I hope that counselor got his teeth kicked in
Mom always told me if I was bad, then god was going to come down and smack my little peepee. 
Your friends little brother spells like a fucking 4 year old. What a fucking idiot. 
That's probably because he is around the age of 4-6 doucheballoon
the spelling is actually pretty good. 
It can be a continuation to detachable penis. The removable assets. 
Does it happen to be a penn state football camp? I've heard there popular.
Classic 
Ayo!
Where popular?
Jesus Christ, he's been getting spanked so hard his ass literally launched itself off his body... like some sort of rudimentary rocket.   
Get off the internet and call someone capable of handling potentially serious situations.
What this guy said. The picture is a small childs rendition of getting smacked I'm the ass. Maybe he's overexaggerating but this counsellor could be doing anything. You can never be too careful.
Your fianc sure is funny looking!
She's a real bitch.
She should be grateful that you're bringing home a pay check. Raising kids is hard but women act like there problems are the only  ones that matter.
you don't know if she works too. maybe she does. plus, a baby is BOTH THE PARENTS RESPONSIBILITY. you obviously have never even babysat. 
...are you a dog?
I...I don't even...
I feel like this is kind of a compliment....Lasagna=good .pussy on your face=good
His game score isn't a multiple of 5, and he hasn't gone mad?
Can I ask what game it was?
I feel like I should add this guy...
At least he's not fucking your mother.
DON'T LOOK AT MY PROFILE GODDAMMIT
Who knew Betty white was into motorcycles
Shark jumping time.
Biggest fuckin' douchebags. Mercedes drivers are much classier.
Common misconception, BMW cars don't have a turn signal. It's just a giant rubber fist so you can go fuck yourself once you're done being a douchebag driver.
Or move to Arizona! Most everyone doesn't seem to have turn signals.
True
..and you can drive like an asshole. After all if you have that no one else matters, right?
Will the dynamic duo solve the mistery? Tune in next week! Same cat-time, same cat-channel!
excellent caption there @incoherentOtter!! :)
You are the vengeance, you are the night.
Part ninja I see... 
Repost
are you the cheshire cat?
i would kill for teeth that white
cmon' tell the truth, it's a third grade production, isn't it.
And this is why you shouldn't higher Disney artists to paint your backdrops
I don't think this belongs in ..  Try 
Are you kidding me! Look at those balls!
Dat ass
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
But real life funnels into Reddit first
I love that kitty
I noticed this the other day somewhere - those publishing whores.
Someone's getting boned...
And your name is ...
Classic Stephanie
I wonder how many will be searching for this location now!
Just google mapping how long it's gonna take me to get to Springfield now...
im on the way to get in line
My dad used to be a truck driver and delivered these. He would bring home my sister and I one of each of the toys. Those were the days.
I have a complete, limited edition set of all 57 BK Pokemon toys for sale if anybody is interested.
They are literally 8-15 dollars on ebay. If you're going to take nostalgia to a 10 year old girl level at least make it something you can't obtain anymore, or at the very least is semi rare..Also what's funny about this, other than the fact that you like pokemon at age 24?
Lead
I'm only 16 and I've owned some of those. 
Still have mine. 
Holy shit. I remember these when I breathed pokemon as a child growing up. I was even talking to a friend the other day about these. Thanks op for reminding me of my awesome childhood :)
Does anybody remember the xbox bk exclusive games? 
My little brother's friend had a crush on me and gave me one of those.  I still keep it.  It was one of the best gifts I got when I was a teenager hehe :)
As a six or seven-year-old girl at the time, these made excellent make-shift boobs for dressing up. Ah, memories..My little sister would always get mad at me for taking hers, opening it up, and promptly putting it under my shirt. Hey I didn't see any issue at the time.
We should put it the suggestion box
Fuck yes! I can't even count how many times I threw these  things at my brother! Yelling I got you now pokeBITCH
$15, weren't they? That's what they were in Canada I think. The other toys were sick too. I still have the spinning tangela and jigglypuffs. My ex acquired...all the others. I think she works for team Rocket...
Shit. I have 4 of the cards, some bags, cups, and pokeballs from then.
( it's from the Pokemon movie that came out, right?)
Still have my jigglypuff one!
Lawl I still have the Pikachu & July puff ones.. I never kept the poke balls lolol
e i e i o
I still  have a set still in the plastic wrapping that i planned on selling thinking they'd be worth money someday.. now they sit and collect dust.. 
I looked at this and the only words that came out of my mouth were "aww fuck" :(
They need to bring those back. When I was young I managed to collect them all, but I was so young that I tried to "choose" my Pokemon out the window on the highway. :(
I had those! I forgot how exciting fast food toys could be. I remember Burger King had some sort of Pokemon meeting/trading night and my mom took me to it. I miss being a kid.
Man that brings back the stupid, me and my friends used to think they were real gold, so we tried to melt them into bars for some unknown reason. .Being banished from using the stove/oven for life we had to get creative with how we would melt them down, our first venture was to lay them in the street be cause we though that with cars running over them "friction-n-stuff" would heat them up and melt them, which was only made stupider because we would have no way to collect it if it melted, but we never though of that. Needless to say this didn't work, our slim to none patience holding on by the single hair of a fat cat broke after thirty minutes and two cars, neither of which even hit the thing (at the time we were unaware that people could drive around things in the road)..Our next attempt was slightly smarter, but still about three eggs short of a delicious breakfast, one of my good buddies managed to get a lighter from a creepy smoker who lived about his house, needless to say i'm surprised this dude didn't grab us at the door and murder us in crazy man fashion, and for that I am grateful. So off to the park we went to melt down our new fortune, or so we thought..As I previously mentioned we were not smart, I'm still borderline not all there but we where definitely slow, so not thinking that hot metal hurts I put the bic lighter under the little metal bar that I was holding, WITH MY HAND, now it didn't take to long for it to heat up, adding in it was over one hundred degrees outside, and we were sweaty over heated little kids who had been holding this thing for quite a while, and as it heated up it burned my fingers so naturally I threw it, right at my friends face. It burned his ear and he cried, and I have just realized this is a MASSIVE post, so I will end it here..TL;DR You cant melt those things by laying them in the street to be hit by cars, and using a lighter while holding it will result in a burned ear.
this kinda made me sad.....because I didn't save mine.  If they could bring them back I would be soooooooo happy.
you can add that to the list of reasons why you are still single.
I'm 18 and I remember that!! Best toys ever
I found that in the garage the other day rummaging through some boxes and the poster!! 
LMFAO DAE NOSTALGIA?
God forbid some idiot parent puts the pokeball on their kids mouth and kill their kid again
I thought I was going to be filthy-fucking-rich when I got these as a kid. "These are gold mom!!!"
That's because you're gay and need a fucking life!
I have like six of those in my room right now
I still have 2 or 3 of those gold plates! Charizard, Pikachu and Togepi I think.
Upvote... Cuz Pokemon. 'Nuff said
Nobody cares about you and your relationship with the fast food industry.  Do you know what would make ME return to BK?  You don't know.  Because it isn't important and NOBODY GIVES A FUCK.  
I have 12 sets of these. No one in my area wants to buy them :(
My brother has on of these
the simple joys of being a child
I totally remember busting my younger brother in the head with one of those hefty pokeballs..And yes I took the precious gold out first.
hell, as a thirty one year old, i'd like it to come back.
23 here and I still have my Charizard.
Yes! I still have my gold Pickachu one. 
I can't upvote this hard enough.
DAE POKEMON????
Holy crap, just seeing that picture made me smell Burger King..And now I want Burger King.
Funny... Just sold a complete set of mine on ebay not too long ago...
yeah I have the jiggly puff one somewhere in a box. 
as a 37 year old, I have no idea WTF those things are or why I'd want it in my house
I used to have one of these. Pikachu. I got it for 99 cents at a flea market, and I was so happy, cuz I felt like a rich kid. I showed it off at school and ended up trading it for a First print japanese Holofoil Mew. Best trade ever.
I live in U.S and I got them in my kids meal and with the shiny ball. I got all six or whatever it was. I can only find my charizard, Mewtwo, and poliwrath.
I just found all of my gold pokeballs!  If you have all 6, they're worth about 50 bucks on ebay...
Please for the love of god don't let this become the new trend of the week. Please?
I have 2 of each, never opened the box to. As a kid I thought they'd be worth something some day. 
I would travel to the closest burger king (some where on the motor way) just to get these. 
This was the shit i still got mine
I own .. Am I a god yet?
I have a whole set of all of these.. as well as all the smaller plush that came in the pokeballs.Sat at BK every Tuesday night for the Pokemon trading with my mom.ah the good ol days
I just saw 5 or 6 of those at a garage sale over the weekend... I think they were asking $5 apiece for them. Did I miss out?
They used to make real ones with actual gold plating. I have one. And I have a ton of the Burger King ones. They are worth a few buck now. 
Call mom."Hey, where are those  pokeballs with the collectors gold cards in them? [little sister's name here] wants one of them for her Halloween costume."."I threw them all away and just kept the cards."."Those were the original display stands for limited collectibles. Why would you just toss those?"."They take up less space now".DAMN IT! Cant even be mad since it was something she bought me as a kid and then was stored in HER house for over a decade. Cant be mad but it does hurt.
I have two full sets of the pokeballs with the plush toys unopened from BK. Figured they'd be worth something..Nope.
I have 2 sets of the entire collection...anyone...anyone...make me an offer. I have no idea why I even have them. 
I still have the whole collection.  Going to sell them on ebay for loads of cash in a few decades hopefully 
Those were days when they gave out the good stuff in thier meals, although i didnt know it was them who made it, but ive always had one in my room
I still kick myself when I threw the pokeball at my dog. I really like Growlith and thought maybe, just maybe my dog would change into one..Instead what happened is the ball hit my dog's side belly, bounced off, and broke when it landed in the floor. 
I remember when they recalled pokeballs because they were a choking hazard, and said you could return them for free fries. I was like, BITCH, NO.
I STILL HAVE ALL MINE!!!! A full set too!!!
This post is so funny I pissed myself. Was it these toys that you could trade in for fries because kids were choking?
Better than Reddit Gold.
Burger King always had the better toys. I remember that around the time of . came out, BK stocked these little Star Wars action figures. My dad and I would always go around to different BKs to specifically find one of the toys.
Someone's got some growing up to do...
As a 23 year old who just got a charmander tattoo i too wish these would come back
Only reason I started going to BK in the first place 
i work at a thrift store in cali, we sold one for like 20 bucks, was in our "boutique" area, where the less shitty shit is found for way more money
I have like 8 of those stuffed in one of my cabinets, are they worth anything? 
Are you a wizard? Was literally just talking about these the other day.
I thought you were talking about the farmer old McDonald, and that got me wondering about what kind of toys he would have.
I have one of those which is still unopened.
three words. po. kee. mon.
How someone managed to choke on one of these is still beyond me.
He had a Cow with a moo moo here and a moo moo there.
my precious, the little hobbitses try and take my precious. haha that's all I could think of when I read your comment
Hey man, those little gold plated rectangles were the most important thing I had back then..Real shit. Google that shit man.
Maybe, but these cost extra, they weren't included with meals.
Didnt know that, thanks for clearin that up
I'll pay for shipping.
No you just had a parent dumb enough to drop 10 dollars on it. Didn't come with a meal
Ah, okay.  I missed that phase of pop culture :)  Thanks for cluing me in :)
no worries always glad to help a flaming taco monkey :)
you are truly a cultural ambassador of Awesome
That was another BK toy that was a much smaller Pokeball. It would split in half and be just big enough to cover the mouth and nose of a toddler.

How much is that worth nowadays?
I have no idea. I lost the Mew a few years later. 
getting there ;)
I have one if those! I got it from a friend who said it was trash, his childhood was dim and uneventful. Its was polliwhorl!
I wish I still had these. I would throw them at things and pretend they were real. They didn't last me very long... 
Didn't save mine either :( so wish I did. 
Time to grow up mate.
My mom threw mine out after this was on the news. Haven't forgiven her since. 
But they are real gold.....Well electroplated anyway. I don't know what the core metal is.
July Puff
Stupid Z10 autocorrect
Yeaahh! I loved those.  I'm pretty sure I still have mine somewhere.  The search is on!
Dude, you need a hug.
Dude, you probably need a job.
Dude, you have no idea how right you are. 
Dude
Dude..
Dude.......
Duuuuuuuuuuude
You're right :( I'm sorry.


I never have eaten at burger king but I did order food just to get those... I think I had all of them but 1...
You're right I DO need a life. I sit at home, go on reddit, and post negative comments on posts that really don't have any impact on my non existent life.
OMG YOU TOO?  
Yeah, that's what I just said.
OMG! That is so awesome!  Actually, I have no idea what you're talking about, I didn't look at the context of the comment.  
oh, well thats a bummer.
I had a Mewtwo plate but I lost it.
My mom decorated our Christmas tree one year with only these pokeball toys. She ate a kids meal every day till she got all of them...what a great mom!
As a 24 year old, you shouldn't be eating that shit to begin with. 
DUDE THESE WERE THE BEST. I HAD THEM ALL. The Charizard one was sweet.
Yeah how is this funny?
HAHAHAHA OMG SO FUNNY I CAN'T I NEED A MINUTE
My friend used one of those to make a bong he calls it the Poke-Bong
Wrong sub my friend. However, even as a 30 year old, I agree with you.
I have 12 of these (2 sets) in boxes if anyone wants them.
Oooh I am interested. Are you looking to sell or give away
So want one. Preferably charizard.
Sell, but I'm not attached. PM me with an offer. They need a new home.
I am still upset that my mom threw all of these away. And yes I had all of them!
I've been looking everywhere for one of these Pokeballs! It's crazy how no one sells these online for a reasonable price.
It always amazes me to see these on Reddit in such great shape. I've since lost/broke mine by eating the chocolate and throwing the pokeballs at racoons n shit.
Eating the chocolate? 
Oh my....I agree 100%....those toys were awesome!
Back in my day, Burger King toys consisted of a cardboard crown and a couple of plastic wrapper hand puppets. Still thought they were the shit, though. 
so much WANT!!!
I have a Pikachu one, 25 K gold estimatedd over 3 bil dollars in value
I remember as a kid me and my sister wanted these so bad. So after finally convincing my dad to get us some we were so happy. Then he comes in and gives us the food, but we couldn't find the toys anywhere. So I asked my dad if they had given them to him, and he said he just got the bags and came home. That was one of the saddest moments of my life. Little did I know my dad knew how much we wanted them he left them in the car just to see how we would react to not getting them.
i think i lost my jigglypuff :(
i love pokemon. but this belongs no where near 
I have 2 sets of those darn things.  Wanted them so badly... now I can't remember why.  Who wants 'em? :D
The sad thing is, if they did so this again, they'd probably use some of whatever the newest lot of the one thousand pokemon they're at now. In my day....
Or you know be a sniveling little piss ant when I give you information you Gen Wunner faggot.
Ah shit, someone pissed in this kid's Count Chocula this morning. 
Dude I'm 20 and I'm old enough to know that shit is seasonal. I had a sandwhich and newport for breakfast
Marlboro menthol and a Little Debbie here, sir. Damn, should probably eat healthier..
Fuck that dude we still have a few years to eat shitty
Got all of the Pokemon prizes and . as well.
Last saturday I tried to sell a set of these at a yard sale and had no luck.
haha yes I have all of those as well. Although some of the lights don't work anymore
Yeah, they're pretty crappy lol. Just fun to think that at some point in time, all of us went nuts over them. I remember going to our local ("local" as in 25 minute drive out of the farm area I live in) to go trade Pokemon cards every other Saturday and getting Coke slushees and getting these. Good times.
YYYYYEEEEESSSSS!
U have a golden pikachu :)
There are currently 649, but Game Freak and Nintendo are releasing Gen 6 in October and have shown about 21 or so of the new Pokemon so the count is now up to 670. 
That's. Too. Many.
Not at all
What the hell is the sub becoming!? This is not funny in any definition of the word. Take this to . ., or . .How the fuck does this have nearly 1k upvotes in .!? It's unreal. 
I worked at Bk when these were sold.  First night our parking spilled out onto the street.  We had over 100 cars lined up for drivethru.  This is in a medium sized town.  It was nuts.
I to am a veteran of the BK poke`mon days....Holy shit i never thought i'd hold so much hate for nerdy 30 year old men and soccer moms trying to get their shitspawn's favorite pokemon.  Trade nights were the WORST.  Every wednesday fuckers would pile into the dining room, order a coke and sit there all night making a huge mess.  Fucking broiler ran so many small burgers we had to clean it 3 times(normal was just at the end of the night) because it would catch fire.  .Only thing worse was the introduction of 2 whoppers for $2.   Hearing "Can i have 50 whoppers with cheese and a small diet coke" over the drive threw speaker became a common thing.  I was the fastest whopper maker at the store.  Worked from 3pm->11pm every day for 2 weeks doing nothing but making whoppers.  Manager had to be repramanded for making a part time person work full time.  I can still making the movements with my hands of making 6 whoppers at a time(we only had 3 microwaves,2 bottoms per).  Drop the bottoms in the microwaves, hit 2L, 20 seconds later the tops would be made and ready for bottoms, wrap, send.
And people wonder why healthcare costs are going up..../s
Haha.  We had two microwaves on one side two on the other.  Every now and again someone would order 100 sandwiches.  What a bitch.  Hands really get cramped after awhile.  I've already ran the entire back alone when a bus came through.  But the worst was when filtering the fryer hot grease came up hit me right in the eye.  A big line of customers outfront and I scream ahhh fuck!  I was so lucky I didn't go blind.
I only had to clean the fryers once.  We always made one of the slackers do it.  Worst I saw was a guy poured hot grease on his foot.  I suspect he did it on purpose, he was a shady fucker.  Melted a bunch of skin off his foot and part of his shoes melted into his skin.  .I accidentally(sorta) dumped a basket of fresh onion rings on a manager's arm too.  That was nifty.
Sorta?
Flame broiled huh? Pff
They are frame broiled.  Very much the same as cooking on a propane grill at home.  The big difference is the broiler has a conveyor belt/grate that runs the meat through the machine.  You can smell it when the place is busy.  You'll notice it smells exactly like a propane grill cooking burgers.  Bk has higher quality stuff than people give them credit for. .Here is a video of a broiler in action.  This is honesty my favorite way of cooking a burger.  Look how juicy they are when they come out.  If your burger isn't like this at Bk it is because it sat around too long. 

They're broiled to make the outsides brown.  It's barely thawed and raw as fuck just out of the broiler.  
What?  No it isn't. I was a manager I did meat temps 2x a day.  The beef is frozen going in and completely cooked when coming out of the broiler. The microwave is only to melt the cheese.
Not at the stores I worked at.  they were hockey pukes going into the chain broiler, and char'd mostly raw burgers coming out.  The final cooking was in the microwave.  I accidentally served a non-microwaved burger once.  Lady was NOT happy.  .You did meat temps in the pre-steam drawer or in the hot rack(where the baggers would pick up from)?  We took temps them 3 times a shift.  Once fresh out of the broiler(think the temp was ~110-120 degrees internal), and once as we'd serve it(150-160 i think).
No you're doing something very very wrong.  Meat temps exiting the broiler are 180f fully cooked all through.  This is how it's done in every single store.  It's also required the inspector will test this.  You must be remembering wrong, or serving very dangerous food.  Here is a video. You can see the meat is fully cooked
.Think about how dangerous it would be handeling raw meat while making sandwiches. You'll inevitability touch the raw meat, get blood on the prep area, then you'll be handling raw vegetables.  How would that work safely?.
Remember after handling raw meat (loading the broiler) you need to wash your hands, then go work in the sandwich station.  Theyeven have ddifferent color tongs to make sure no raw meat gets close to anything cooked or vegetables that don't get cooked. This is basic food safety stuff.

Nobody gives a shit.
Sorry to be pedantic, but like thirty people give a shit.
Couldn't just settle for a comment post.Had to make your very own special thread. Thanks for sharing your great content.
Nop I really couldn't, seeing how I was getting pushed around because that was a McDonalds thread and not BK I decided post a similar one giving credit to that one.     
To what I recall, those weren't Kids Meal toys.  You had to buy them separately.
They were kids meal toys here in the UK, at least from what I remember anyway. I could be wrong though but I don't remember getting them separately lol.
Tis true. I still have my charizard.
May be a difference in US and UK.
USUK
Yeah could be, we didn't get the shiny Pokeballs though. 
Yeah, they cost a few bucks extra.
$3.99 EXTRA!
but they're . 
24k gold plated lol...now I see why this was posted to r/funny
I agree, but I don't really think this belongs in 
It's funny because he likes pokemon.
I'm in .? .I'll be damned, I am.
A lot of people like Pokemon.
Otherwise I highly doubt it'd be anywhere near as popular as it is.
I'm almost 21 yours old and I still love the old school Pokemon.
Those are the best. :D
What are you kidding? Don't you see all the subtle humor in this post! Its hilarious!!! LAUGHING OUT LOUD!!! LOL!!! 
ROTFLMFAO!!!
ROFLCOPTERRRRRRR!!!!!
exdee
Scarred for life. 
Haa I loved this more than I should have!
This happened a couple of weeks ago in Columbus, Ohio.  I received the pictures on my phone at about 2am.  It made the morning shows on a couple of radio shows the next day when one of the hosts for WNCI saw it driving to work that morning.
Cannot unsee.
That's fucked up. 
I don't see the problem...
Me neither the song obviously fits the station. "...mufasa..."
Picture taken by Belfast Telegraph!
*kill yourself. 
This type of security is entirely useless. A simple script that reads the question and has a database of answers renders this security measure redundant. Just use reCaptcha people.
EDIT: even guessing the answers will work very well, 1/3 ain't bad odds. 
Hmm, funny and here i was thinking the internet was free for everyone to use?
would be better than freaking captcha's those things hurt my eyes and i often wonder how dyslexic ppl get past them at all
I only post this because a thread like this is exactly how I found the game but, kingdomofloathing.com has a wonderful feature named the Ghost of the English Language in which you have to do almost that exact thing to join the chat.
I don't get it, why so many people do it wrong... I mean, I'm not a native english speaker (Im german - "the real GRAMMAR-NAZI ;P") and its not my best foreign language (as you may see ) but even i get the difference...its not that hard..
If it's taken from facebook, it's' a repost.
Yes this needs to happend, and in all languages too for all people so we can all fell united and similar.
Bit easy to hack... just write bots which guess "your, your're, their, they're, there,effect,affect.." possibly "a lot" and "alot" should be added as well.  Particularly easy as 3 boxes are easy to distinguish from 2 so you'd have at worst a 1/3 chance as it stands!
We could turn off the just the USA from the internet if we had one that asked : If you care nothing for something it literally means you "could/couldn't" care less about it
You're right there 
Speaking as a Dyslexic. Shit 
Um yeah, I don't see "ur" as an option?
The worst one is when people use "his" instead of "he's" 
For example they would say: "his really funny" instead of: "he's really funny" this really fucking frustrates me.
Ironically enough, the internet is where you could learn to correct your grammatical errors.
Some people might actually learn?
Kingdom of loathing did this.
I fell like the top one is easier then the bottom one. 
 uses this.It doesn't help 
Ur kiddin R8?
You're almost there! 
Heads up OP, as a rule of thumb, if you've seen it on Facebook, it's a repost. 
Nothing is worse then people who can't use grammar properly!!
You can add 'Yore' to the list too.
Get them nice and raged up before they go to their favourite forum.
I don't see "yonder" in any of those pictures.
You'd also have to incorporate the grammar of different languages
Americans, Australians, Canadians and all other English-speaking people would of course have to solve this quiz in Chinese, because if the rest of the world need to know English to stay connected, you'll have to learn Chinese.
Piss off, this does not need to happen. People are aloud to express them selves in any manner As long as the intended message is received.
Actually, they would simply learn these things to use the internet, then complain that it's stupid, then use improper grammar anyways because they're such a rebel.
Its a toss-up, their or your.
I think you're on to something there.
Ironically enough, the internet is where you could learn to correct your grammatical errors.
Maybe not just one example for each just in case they happen to get the single one right. Fill-in-the-blank is better than multiple choice.
So they get it right the first time, and then through elimination get it right the second (or third) time..So people would stay off the Internet for three seconds.  Cool OP
Please please please make this happen
Because English is the only language on the Internet, right?
There are a lot of academics pushing the idea of doing away with these archaic bugs in English..they are suggesting combining all the there.theyre.their into one word because the context is all you need...its a frickin annoying  leftover from days gone by and is a pain on the ass for modern keyboards...the apostrophe should be done away with.
I heard you're idea's, and their definately good.
Reddit would be a ghost town.
hue hue good grammar is a sign of intelligence and only intelligent people should use the internet hue
Here's the original site it comes from: 
"Incorrect."."Correct! Welcome to the internet."
Yes. So many times, yes!.It should get more complicated with every use, or depending on the webpage. We could start to filter out the weak ones.. Bwa ha ha
Kingdom of Loathing has got an extended version of this as a test (given by The Ghost of the English Language) that you have to pass in order to be able to use the chat.
One day in the not too distant future..spelling mistakes and bad grammer will be highly valued in society as proof you actually thought it yourself.
I don't know if I'm the only one, but I consistently use proper spelling and grammar, but if someone else uses the wrong your, I don't even skip a beat. Then if someone else points out the error I have to go back to even find it. 
Is the answer to the first question Josh?
It wouldn't work entirely. If they were trying to use the internet at a library, they'd just bug an employee about this and make said employee do it for them.
This is the best idea!
Don't forget to, too, and two.
enforcement of grammar posted on reddit?.nope...  never seen anything like this before...  it probably existed but no one posted it here because obviously no one cares about grammar
If it was on FB, it's a repost
Plus they wouldn't be able to use to internet to help them.
Not likely, someone would have a little notepad with the sentences and would just copy them every time. 
There should also be one like this:.Please fill in the gaps in the sentence below using the appropriate words..Please submit a short paragraph supporting your word selections.  If your reasoning is correct, your post will be submitted.  If is not, you will be sent back to elementary school for a lesson in punctuation..Furthermore, if you thought an apostrophe would look really good in the word "knows", your computer will be confiscated.
Poor grammar! Poor grammar everwhere!!! 
Yes, yes, and YES!  
Why do people get so worked up over grammar? I've met people who have PhDs in physics and engineering who make these simple mistakes.  I don't undermind their contribution to society or their level of intelligence. I judge a persons level of intelligence based on contant and sentence structure not spelling or proper use of a semi colon. 
So, you have a 50 50 chance, and therefore lots of people would not be able to use the internet?? OK professor.
I made these! 
Yes. Let's keep the uneducated off the internet. I think it's pretty pathetic how many people can access the internet in regards to how few of them are actually intelligent enough to retain and practice basic first grade grammar.
There could be plenty of other checks two.
They couldn't even Google the answer! MUHAHAHA!
because a webmaster would toooooooooootally throw away all the traffic for being grammatically correct.
meh, who the fuck cares, "u no wut thy r sying" ... fucking english majors... never date one... 
DAE HAVE PERFECT GRAMMAR AND HATE THOSE WHO ARE INFERIOR?!!?!?!?!?!
This would of been a mute point if our American educational system were more affective.
Paid or payed?.No one cares.
Just need one for to, too and two and we'd be set.
I'm surprised it's not a repost. In the future, though, karmadecay.com is your best friend.
I once worked on a site that implemented something like this to use the chat room feature..The most obvious results were:
This has been my stock response for a while when corrected on my careless posting..Your quest for perfect grammar is admirable. However, it doesn't matter if you don't mean much by correcting them in front of everyone. The one corrected sees you as a jerk as well as others present, I'm sure. Something tells me that you do mean something by it. I think you like to show off.
+1
Hi, I'm here to offer tips on English style and usage (and some common misspellings)..My database indicates that.should probably be .Have a great day!
Where can I double like this comment?
I would LOVE this test. The small amount if people on the internet would ACTUALLY be a mostly-intelligent community! Remove phones and Facebook, and the internet is as whole, an intelligent community. 
I could if you can't you are very stupid
Oh dear god. This needs to happen. It needs to happen so bad that I, as a guy, will have the babies of whoever introduces and standardizes it.
whomever*
hue hue good grammer is a sign of intelligence and only intelligent people should use the internet hue
 FTFY
I'll just leave . here.
The problem I have with this is that writing is devloving more into the spoken aspects of language. Why does it matter if the proper word is used when you're still completely capable of understanding what was said, particularly when you know the context.
Because:.A) the point of language is to be clear in what you are trying to tell the other person, not rely on context clues. I could grunt and point at a water bottle, and someone could figure out that I want the water bottle with enough time (babies cry and still get fed, right?).B) If someone takes the time to proofread their comments/posts for spelling errors, it also means that they took time to read the rest of what they said. When people start race wars on the internet because of some youtube video, its important that each side actually thinks before speaking. If you don't check what you're saying, its just going to become people insulting each other back and forth, with no actual debate being had.
ur..Urgh, I feel dirty.
They could just google the answers. Oh wait...

It's not that people don't know the difference it's that they are lazy and don't want to type "you're" just because your is less letters. 
Fewer, not less.
They're synonyms. 
Pure. Freaking. Genius. 
We must implement this immediately.


Welcome to the Internet.  It's run by pedantic assholes who correct grammar to feel better about themselves.
YouTube's forum would change for the better. 
If the internet was based on intelligence, reddit would not exist.
I love this! It is so irritating to see that people don't know how to use correct grammar
Hi, I'm here to offer tips on English style and usage (and some common misspellings)..My database indicates that.should probably be .Have a great day!
Or they would enter one and then try the other, a mild nuisance for a couple seconds.
Not if it locked you out for a time period before being able to retry.
I've never seen a Captcha lock someone out after one wrong entry.
I thought it was "Only you can prevent wildfires".


It was on facebook, it's a repost.
"Not sure if repost, but it's been on another fucking site before"...That means it's a repost.
My brother is dyslexic.  Fuck you.
What if I told you.Many of these people do know the difference between there and their, but just don't give a shit enough to type them correctly
It will . happen, simply because it just defeats the whole purpose of the captcha mechanism, that is posing a question that can't likely be answered by a machine.
Great way to filter out the idiots.
There's a difference between not caring about grammar and not knowing grammar. Most people would pass this test.

I find it far more disgusting that people willingly choose to look less educated than they are. 
Get Me On That Information Superhighway, baby!
And while we're at it, the "G" in God is capitalized when you're referencing it in a monotheistic sense. "Oh God, the cat is pooping mustard." "Oh my God, that's incredible." "Oh God, they never taught me how to capitalize in school.".It irks me that for people being such grammar freaks, this is overlooked so frequently.
Another one that drives me crazy: People who talk about how they want to loose some weight.
You sound like a real looser.
Re-ReCaptcha.
u guys r dum. .i think u r all just pregudise 2 ppl that got better things 2 do than tipe all day. fags. 
It wouldn't work, machines have 50% chance or 33.3% respectively of bypassing this which is HUGE and can be automated.
Dis right ere is probs tha bst idea eva! Rspct from aus
Well, sorry for mainly speaking french....
I don't think any human could fail this, they'refore I can't see there point.
If it's on Facebook, safe to assume it's been around.
i'll flying dragon kick that upvote button
Good thing somebody put meme text on the bottom. I might not have understood the humour otherwise.
That oxford comma is still bothering me.
lol why ? Just look away... 
It's a shame alot of people think everyone had a chance to learn english in school. I live in Poland and i never had chance to learn english. I'm also dyslectic and when i make mistake people always think i'm uneducated brat.
I don't understand how so many people can mess this up, I'm swedish and even I know this stuff...  
It's easier when you learned to read & write before speaking. 
Yeah perhaps, that makes sense.
Next have a picture of a gun magazine and ask them to put in the right word. Those who call it a clip shall be banned, those who call it a magazine shall be saved.
This is all just to much!
Has nobody else ever mixed those up on occasion, despite having a complete understanding of the differences between them?.Every now and then I'll type "your" instead of "you're". I'm fully aware that "your" is a possessive adjective and "you're" is a contraction of "you are", but it still happens. It's weird that everybody has a cow about it, though. It doesn't mean a person is dumb. It usually means they simply made a tiny mistake.
Accept that there is only a limited amount of answers...and trial and error would allow the user back on the internet.  
Couldn't agree more
Bunch of butthurt people
Your complitli write! Theyre nowon dats vriting write tudai!  
I wonder if the internet has more people misusing those words, or more people whining about it..seriously get a life.
I don't think it would be right to ban most people that aren't of English origin from the internet :/
Indeed, such as people who don't speak English.
No shit, not every one speaks english, people like me that are older and had no option to learn english in school, having english as 4th language self tought.
TIL: Everyone in the world should speak English.
Dat irony of someone both being arrogant enough to make this and to not understand the probability of 1/2 and 2/3..
Because everyone on the internet is english speaking from birth.
Save us from the navel of the americans!
A lot of garrysmod servers have this as a barrier to entry. I love it. Keeps the kids and the Russians out. Damn Russian hackers.
i see grammer correction and spelling the new Godwins law. If correcting my spelling is your rebuttal then i have won the argument, this however isn't a reason to never spell correctly in a forum post. you could take that extra 30 seconds to reread and spell check.  .edit: spelling... i get it already im dyslexic

Hahahaha. So true.
With so much jpeg fuzziness, it's bound to be a repost. 
But what if your mother language isn't english (like me)
I'm not a native english speaker so I don't really get if this is nothing but joking about a slip or are there really people out there who grew up with english and do not get this? I mean especially the classic " your and you're"-mistake as in 'you're dumb.'/'your dumb.' How the fuck can you not get this? - Dude there is a whole verb missing, the entire sentence doesn't make any sense!
Is it ironic that this would effectively be an anti-CAPTCHA? Bots would have an easier time completing those sentence fragments than they currently do having to deal with scrambled images.
I can post assdflkjgjj!!  And everyone's fine with but spell you're or your  in the wrong context...  Grammar nazi...  Lmao, lol, snafu 
You must have a very narrow perspective if this is the metric you use to gauge intelligence. 
200 up-votes and I'll make this a wordpress plugin.
I really hate the elitism people hold towards grammar. Spelling "they're" instead of their or there doesn't make them a bad person or unintelligent. All it does is make people afraid to communicate, lest they spell something wrong and people jump on them. If someone doesn't know something or does something wrong and it's as simple as a spelling mistake you don't have to be a dick about it. 
Add then and than to that. That's the one that particularly gets my goat.
if you didn't make it then  it's a repost
I know english not. Not internet use.
It would also not be particularly good as a captcha. Very limited number of possible options.
That's funny, but in all seriousness, that would not be a good thing as the people who cannot answer that correctly would more likely be of a lower socio-economic background, thus creating a space-- the internet-- that actively disparages people based on class..But yea, funny. Ha. Ha. Ha.
It's missing than and then
You're sure they're over there in their house, your honor?
Should have to complete this before being able to drive, vote, and have children too
I get these homonyms wrong sometimes.  But it's not because I don't know the difference.  It's because I'm just typing a comment on the internet, and I don't take the time to slow down my typing to make sure I spelled the correct word..TL;DR: Language is about communication.  If you know what the person meant, who gives a shit?
Except for all of the people online who have English as a foreign language....and people who weren't privileged enough to get a good education.....I think this would probably be a very sad time for them. .Not everyone is uneducated in English by their own accord. Don't forget that, and judge a little less internets. Judge just a tad bit less.
That's bullshit, most people make those mistakes due to laziness.
Average redditer. Not smart, but still nerdy. 
Why make such a big deal about homophones? Just because you know proper grammar doesn't mean you have anything worth saying. And shouldn't the focus be on what someone says instead of how they say it?
I thought Josh was the only one who could prevent forest fires..
I honestly couldn't give to large and preferably green pieces of shit about grammar on the internet, if its easier or faster for me to read I'm all for it...... Except when people on Facebook say you as "yu" HOLY SHIT THAT IS ANNOYING!
This would be game changing. I like. 
Yeah great, lets exclude the rest of the world because your language is superior and the rest is bullshit. 
Sometimes people ask me if people on the internet are bad at grammar. I always reply: "yes, they're."
Nah, they'd just Google i- Holy shit, this is genius!
The Grammar Nazis unite!!!!  Wait.... scratch, that.  The Grammer Natzies untie!!!
Pure genius.  Reddit should take it upon themselves to replace their current CAPTCHAs with this. 
So, basically most of the users would be bots.
Sure, most of them would probably be the ones who can't speak or write English well.
Yeah, it's absurd how much grammar errors I see when someone mocks/trash talks to me on xbox live. My response is to correct their errors. Usually silences them. .It's a weird thing to lecture native English speaker, but I guess we 'foreigners' take the English education far more serious. .And by no means I'm not trying to put myself on the pedestal, my English isn't that fluent and got to admit, I too spit insults on teh interwebz to strangers...  :(
DAE notice Smokey the Bear's line is incorrect? it should be "Only YOU can prevent forest fires." 
It's not that these people don't know, it's that they don't care.
World economy would collapse.  Internetless zombies would walk the earth.  All those stupid preppers wouldn't be able to get on the internet and would just start shooting at everything (probably wouldn't hit anything since they are 'tards).  I want no part in this.  
As a non native speaker, I approve.
My library network has a simple sum next best thing
I know, wriiiiiiite!?
Needs more "then" and "than"..
I speak English, Swedish, German and a bit Korean. So English speaking people (especially Americans) I am truly sorry if I mix there, their and they're some times, but how about you take a crack at learning at least ONE more language? 
Let Mac Lethal break it down for ya! 
Forgot one:.I should ______ gone to get a box of condoms today..A: Have.B: Of
You seem to of misspelled "shoulda".
Your right they should of included that one their.
Correct use of the English language.  The difference between knowing your shit and knowing you're shit.
As a non English native I never understood what is so hard about those few forms.
That's probably because your language has very different words for these forms.
I wish I could read.
And somehow, the ratio of non-natives would increase
 cringe
Inconsistent usage of capital letters. 

Also add then/than and for some fuckin' reason THAT, to weed out the worst of the worst. 
I am not english though, ofcourse I make some grammar mistakes.
You native english speakers try speaking dutch, my language.
You said "You", referring to me. The correct answer is you.
I would have failed the Internet :(.Source: Born and raised a souther girl THEN transplanted to Alaska and taught phonetic spelling. I was 23 yo when I realized/learned the word agAin had 2 A's in it (no computers...just the red pen of death in college). .I can spell long/complex medical words, but have to think to myself "to-get-her" for together....
I think I prefer a world leaning slightly more tolerant of faults in presentation but critical of meaning. Unfortunately we are neither.
My pet peeve just had a litter.
People would just google that....oh wait
When I get text messages from a female and the "there, their, they're, your, and you're" are used correctly on a consistent basis I start saving for a ring.
Sounds like you're just getting really pissy and stuck-up over a trivial issue. Or maybe you really lack the ability to think and are completely unable to understand a sentence that contains any grammatical error in which case, you're probably the one that needs to go back to school.
This is genius.  You'd also need:.Janice __________ knew what the fuck she was talking about..1) Supposively.2) Supposedly.3) Supposibly
James while John had had had had had had had had had had had a better effect on the teacher..Properly punctuate. Don't look it up. One shot..Get it right, or quit the internet..No mercy.
James, while John had had "had", had had "had had"; "had had" had had a better effect on the teacher.
Did you look it up?
Technically, no; however, I remember reading it in a book several years ago.
I'd be able to do it until they'd slap me with the who|whom one. Then I'd be screwed.
I find it ridiculous that people still can't use these words in the correct context. I remember in year 2 my Mum would shout at me for getting their, there and they're mixed up.
When I was little, my mom taught me an easy way to tell them apart..Their is possessive. Take away the "t" and you have heir. An heir is someone who inherits something..There is directive. Take away the "t" and it says "here". .They're is the last one. If the others don't work, use this one.
Once I knew how apostrophes worked, "they're" was pretty obvious since they're = they are.
That's a good method.
But is there really any reason for having such pedantic spellings? I mean there and their are pronounced the same and mean similar things, why not just have one spelling? 
I really don't know what to say. That is our language. .Every language has things like this, though. I am studying German and Eine and Ein are a source of frustration for me..A lot of languages have gender specific words or words that are the same, it is context that changes them. .Basically, it may not make sense, but it is what it is.
And all we would be left with would be boring grammar nazi's that have nothing funny or interesting to say, and would be consumed by incessant naval gazing. 
I can nail these all day every day. But when it comes to then/than, I'm fucked.
As a high school English teacher, I can confirm this. I'm happy if essays aren't written in textspeak.."Yo tch cud rly us a gd grd on dis k thx bro".EDIT: Understand that "happy" is a relative term.
Upvoted by the grammar nazi coalition
So many people would need a second or third try to ever use the internet again...
Except there's no reason to distort the words... 
The internet would be a much better place.
The people who bring this up are far more annoying than people who don't know basic grammar, we get it you are an intellectual because you know how to employ the apostrophe. Congrats.
that wont work most people are just lazy and don't care...
I present the capcha of death that will filter the idiots from the smart on the internet:.Scenario: before a football match.
Coach: "You should have/of worked harder. That way you would not be going to loose/lose this match! Their/there/they're better trained then/than us. Your/you're a disgrace to this school."
Is it just me, or does that not make sense? 
Haha it doesn't now that I...well...read it. I was trying to put that in somewhere (loose/lose)
DAE gramma nazi?
Ugh fuck this website. Its so full of pretentious, pseudo intellectual teenagers it hurts. 
Am I the only one who thinks that this is a terrible idea?
I try and avoid passive aggressive swipes at my facebook friends.

Also, everyone says "alot" instead of "a lot." That's a big one that bothers me.
FTFY (since you hate contractions/compound words so much).
I think this will soon become standard like another, anyway, and awhile.
I just don't get how it can bother you. Yes it's wrong, but how does that effect you in any way? 
It's called a pet peeve.. 
Loose + lose and Of + have are big ones as well. We are going to loose the game! I mean comeon, somehow it's becoming a more common mistake than bet/beat!.I should of said that. .! I should've (have) said that! Would you seriously say I should not of said that? Of course not! Of is not a verb! Think about it! I have no idea why this issue has creeped up in the past few months.
Also "rapping" "wrapping" and "raping"
It's a perfectly cromulent word..P.S. My spell-checker suggested "corpulent." Hmmm.
I prefer "alot", it's more gooder then "a lot"
Edit: .Double Edit: 

well this just made my day.
Hi, I'm here to offer tips on English style and usage (and some common misspellings)..My database indicates that.should probably be .Have a great day!
... Thanks, .!
You AIs need to work on your sense humor! 
No he meant . 
It will force them to improve their grammar.
*they're

The more I see these posts, the more I think of this. 

I've never seen that before. It's a really unique look at the "grammar nazi's"c
Maybe people just don't care enough when commenting in reddit or putting something on Facebook to make sure everything is grammatically correct and properly punctuated. Not like it is an essay or a report they are working on for work. I guarantee most people understand and know the differences.  People are smarter than reddit gives them credit for.
grammar and punctuation or even laziness has nothing to do with using the wrong word, it takes just as long to type "there" as "their".
The amount of people these days that think lose = loose makes it hard to believe. 
But sometimes it takes a second to process which word is appropriate, and many people choose not to take the time to do so.
i pineapple what you said and i enjoy eating understood.

That's even worse, imo.
reddit are the people i thought that was the point
Am I the only one who couldn't care less about this? You know what they fucking mean. The people constantly correcting that shit are really the obnoxious ones

And speak English. 

When I get them the wrong way round it's not because I don't know it's just because I make a mistake when typing fast.
Seeing how everyone here thinks people who mess up your and you're are complete morons, I sometimes wonder if I have some very minor writing disorder.  I know the difference, very well.  I'm excellent at grammar.  But quite often when I'm typing I write the wrong homophone.  It's . because I don't know the difference (I assure you I .), but simply because I had a brain-fart.  Usually I catch it and rewrite it.  On IRC where you have to type fast, though, I don't bother and put out tons of "there"s instead of "their"s, etc.  .Am I the only one who does this?
I know what you mean. Every now and then I say "me" instead of "my". at least in some places, that is considered normal...I think

If it's not chatting (where mistakes are easily forgiven) then get in the habit of re-reading before you send or post. I often catch my mistakes that way. Spoken like a true teacher.
No I also do this frequently when typing above 70 WPM.
Relevant XKCD: 
Oh, who the fuck cares
Agreed 
Don't you see the irony in typing out that sentence
The only people who care are the grammar nazis over they're. And your be unlucky if they do.



And "loose" v. "lose".
And "inflammable" vs "flammable". Oh wait
How do people have trouble with this one?
shouldof
Ooh this irks me greatly..I had great difficulty explaining this to my mate who was from a small place called "Loose", pronounced "Lose". I fried his mind.
And "to" vs "too".

This one irks me the most for some reason. I have a number of people on my facebook who never get this right. It always seemed second nature to me..
Also another one i see a lot is "role" instead of "roll", and there is a photographer who always writes "modal" instead of "model"
And  "could of" instead of "could have".

Not really the same as the other examples, no, but thanks for trying.
And "then" vs "than".
...and further v.s farther
And I.e. vs E.g.,  or Affect vs Effect (could really mess with people using the less common usages of affect and effect where they are reversed). 
New rule: before getting on the internet, all persons are required to earn degree in English from a reputable university.
I don't have an English degree. I rather hated my English courses in college, and nearly flunked them as result. I much prefer writing lengthy "papers" in C or Java. ;-) .Edit : I just enjoy reading a website named Grammar Girl 

I hate seeing crap like this more than when I see people actually use the words wrong. Do people actually get angry like they say they do? I doubt it. it's just the cool thing on the internet now and it's annoying. 
It does irritate me, yes. These words mean very different things, so when I'm reading, it completely throws me off when I see the wrong word used, which causes me to sometimes have to read the same sentence 3 times just to figure out what the person was . trying to say. If people would just stop being lazy and actually type properly, this wouldn't be an issue..A typo every now and again is acceptable. It happens. But the vast majority of these mistakes are because the person simply doesn't care.
Strong Bad was the face of this recent trend ten years ago.
Ohhhhhh if you want it to be possessive, it's just i-t-s, but if it's supposed to be a contraction then it's i-t-apostrophe-s. Scalawag.

It's not about the words.  Nobody really cares if somebody just learning english messes up some words..What does get people angry is the people who have grown up speaking english, but actively refuse to properly learn it because they have the 'lol learning is dum' attitude.  So what people are hating on is really the anti-intellectualism that the improper use of the words is usually accompanied by.

So pretty much it's a way to feel superior. 
Slightly more relevant XKCD: 
This is more so the one I had in mind. Better idea than OP's post, imo.
I like both.
OP probably had that one in mind already since it's recent.
I feel like it wouldn't be hard to write a script to get around that.

I dunno. Word, OpenOffice Writer etc. still can't correct it based on context in a sentence, so maybe it's not SO easy to write it.
I always see someone post this on creative captchas, but for most websites something like this could work, for a while at least (Not if everyone used it but if they had their own creative one like this). I help manage a small forum and our issues were with very generic bots posting. To counter this all we needed to do was add a question asking for the capital of Bosnia which solved 90% of bots. We've switched over to reCaptcha as we've gotten larger but unless we had a targeted attack it wouldn't have been an issue.
Suddenly there's more foreigners on the internet than the native English speakers. 
There are . more foreigners than English speakers on the internet, probably in china alone, but add in india, korea, and europe just for fun..On a related note, US UK AUS NZ CAN and maybe a few islands are the only native english speaking countries i can think of. I doubt we even number a billion people all together. 

It's kind of strange, it seems like a lot of people that don't natively speak english speak the language better than a lot of native speakers.
Mostly it's because they actually . to learn English, or they never would have bothered. 
Not strange at all. In this case, it's probably because the words aren't similar in their language.

It's required in most schools.. 
That's not really strange. If you're learning the language you have a harder time grasping slang, verbal shortcuts, and the like because you're less comfortable with it. When you have to put effort into piecing together every sentence it's harder to unconsciously slip in oddities.

With . and . it's the case of the words and contractions sounding totally differently in the head of a foreigner. 
Not strange at all, really.  We learned how to speak English before we knew the rules. While some people will learn and start to adhere to the rules, you're mostly going to keep speaking the English you were taught.  .Most of the people that learn English, however, know very little, so they start by getting taught the rules so you get this very technical fluency.
I could speak English long before I knew the rules, but then you learn simple ways to distinguish these words in school.  They mean completely different things.  I do think it's silly that we have so many words that sound alike, though.  All you have to do is think about what you're saying.  Like in this last sentence I'm saying "you are," but shortening it to "you're" because it's just quicker to say it that way when speaking and that's how I think.  Don't feel like you have to use contractions.  It's not wrong to spell everything out.  It just makes it sound a little strange nowadays saying it out loud like that.  Then if you see that you can make a contraction, go ahead and shorten it.
When I'm typing replies my fingers are just copying my inner monologue. My inner monologue doesn't have perfect grammar. Sorry. 
When I'm typing replies my fingers are just copying my inner monologue. My inner monologue doesn't have perfect grammer. Sorry. 
 FTFY
God damn it!
You know what helps with learning your native language better? .Literature. .Though most young people today apparently "got no time fo' dat"..EDIT: a word
*there are

*there be
Arrrrrr, matey!
It wouldn't be hard at all but if you can write a script to get around it you should know how to use words correctly.

So the captcha would work to keep stupid people out, but would be open for bots to come in and do what they do.
Yes but these things aren't to stop stupid people they're to prove that the person signing up for things is a human not an automated system 

Those two things definitely aren't connected. A few of my peers are pretty bad at distinguishing those words from each other.

If they don't know how to properly use those words, then they wouldn't be able to write a script to answer the questions. 
That is entirely untrue. Many non-english speaking programmers write code in their native language
Then they should probably stop being programmers.

they're programmers, not programmars
Life doesnt smack you with a compilation error every time you use the wrong word lol

I get a red squiggly line.
It damn well should.
Inside your brain as you prepare to say a sentence:
Dyslexic people have it hard enough as it is.

Well when life gives you melons...
I like to call myself lysdexic...
I really do not understand how someone could have problem with these. English it not even my native language and I have dyslexia, but for me it's like not seeing a difference between apple and orange.
read this post 20 times to see if there was a deliberate dyslexic mistake. .still not sure whether there is or isn't - I can't find if but I think I'm dyslexic. 
Also people for whom English is not their first language. Not a good idea at all. Internet Grammar Nazis are the worst kind of people.
And by saying that you're promoting willful ignorance.  Who cares who someone is nitpicking on your grammar? If you learn something from it isn't it good? If it's just an honest mistake then just ignore and move on.
Because it's the internet. I type shit as quick as I think it, and rarely re-read what I wrote. I'm generally a pretty good but sometimes I use the wrong grammar, punctuation, spelling, or just miss a word. If you don't understand something, ask, but if I didn't ask for you advise please don't solicit it. 
Often times I think people just like to show off, or show that they are better than someone else by pointing out mistakes.

Grammar Nazis have always irritated me. Oh they spelled something wrong or out left out a comma! Big whoop wanna fight about it?
And just dumb people.  Just because you aren't smart doesn't mean you shouldn't use the internet.  

English is my 3rd language and I don't find this hard at all.
The worst?  Like worse than actual Nazis?  That's a little harsh.
The thing is... English is not my first, not even my second language and I've never made these mistakes in my life. I was even surprised when The Oatmeal made a comic about them. I don't think it's about linguistic skills it's more about basic scrutiny..Those are simple tests in the pic OP delivered and they require very basic knowledge of English to understand and solve. If you can't understand those, there's probably no point in accessing a site in English anyway.
I remember when I first noticed how bad the majority of Americans were the ones butchering written English. As an American, it was depressing.

I'd say those words are even easier to distinguish for people for whom English is not their first language, because they usually have to think about which one to use before building a sentence. For example, a foreign speaker would never come up with stuff like "would of" instead of "would have". It just doesn't make any sense to them.
Most of the people who mess up there, their and they're, are native speakers.  As a non-native speaker, I find it difficult to even try to confuse them. Possibly because British English has less homophones, possibly because we learned "you are" before you're..EDIT: Homophone is not homonym.
As a non-native speaker, I agree. I don't understand how anyone can confuse it's and its either. 
I have goofed up on this one before because the normal rule is adding 's to a word indicates possession.  My mistake comes from treating it as a noun like Joe's or Bob's, instead of a pronoun like his or hers.

Most native English speakers in the U.S. don't get taught written English or grammar very well..I took a beginning Spanish class and people were amazed that I knew what these mysterious things called verbs and adjectives were, someone asked me "how do you know this stuff?" They thought only foreign languages had grammar.
Exactly, always takes me a few seconds to sort the sentence out if someone types in the wrong word.
Because when English is taught (at least in the UK) it doesn't focus on spelling/grammar in the same way as when you learn a foreign language. When you learn French, for example, you get taught the different tenses one at a time, the conjugations, irregulars etc. English kind of assumes that everyone's fine with the rules from just living in the UK. We did spelling tests all the way to Year 8 but I learnt more about English grammar in Latin then I did in English.
Nope, my son definitely learned the rules at primary school.

An old browser based game I used to play called Kingdom of Loathing (I think it's still around, really funny game loaded with gaming and pop culture references) would make you take a similar test before you could use the in game chat. :)
There's really no reason to obscure the images. The difficulty is in deciphering the sentence, which a human needs to do anyway. 
Came here to post this. I'm glad to see that the Altar of Literacy was appreciated!
This was my immediate thought. Glad to see somebody posted it.

Oh hey, I'm a KoL-er too! If you're into wordiness, you should check out Jick's latest endeavor: . 
Upvotes for reminding me to check my KoL character I spent years working on.
Haha, had all but forgotten about that game, absolutely loved it. Maybe time for a comeback....
[deleted]
I'm glad that they are still going strong! I sunk alot of time into the.game when I was younger. And now I will be doing a nostalgia fueled binge. Thankfully I have a Mr. Accessory, time to go club some seals!
There should be a check for Alots too.





ture
What an interesting novelty account. Do you like this new account of yours?
on
Maybe he will make another account to reply 

Calling . ...
Well he could just answer with yes or no. 
Yes?
What is your favorite word?

Brevity.
why not taciturn?
Obviously.  
Necessarily.
Hey OP if you're ever unsure about wether your post is a repost or not check out .
From there you copy the imgur link and it reverse searches the image.I'd also like to congradulate OP on being the . to post this on reddit, enjoy your upvotes :).edit: sorry my spelling is fucked I have dysgraphia so writing is a bitch
The text overlay could be new. Therefore there's every chance it's a repost. Just need to find the original.
I hadn't seen it. Reposts serve a purpose. 
Wait doesn't it work if you take the link and put it in the search bar? 
Sometimes, but not always. Search bar will only work if the exact image you have has been posted, but if someone at some point changed the extension, or downloaded and uploaded it under another file name, the search bar won't show that.
A "wether" is in fact a castrated ram.
Interesting, I didn't even know wether was a word. 
Dude, 2 dysgraphics on reddit, no way.
Believe it or not i've had simelar responses from other redditors when I mention it, we should start a sub but put a spelling error in the sub name
Well, I made . on an alt. 
Wow that's weird I have datgraphia. 
I didn't even know that was a thing... what does it tend to effect?

For the record it did occour to me you could be making a dys and dat joke but I didn't want to be insensitive if you had a real condition
It was a weak joke at best.  I on the other hand am an insensitive cad.
Congratulate*
Huh. I've seen this several times before, and had always assumed it was from here.

this will save you some time as well:.if you have to type "not sure if repost" then it's a repost.
Except in this case it wasn't a repost..
yeah and neither is this according to karma decay:
and i'm sure things posted on icanhazcheezburger have . been posted here on reddit
And if you don't want karmadecay to recognize a repost just add more jpeg artifacts and voil! 
I keep forgetting about karmadecay. Thanks.
Doesn't matter really if it's a repost or not, if people upvote it to the frontpage, it's just a good post. 
If you didn't create it, it is a repost.
Pretty much everything here is a repost. Because it's a content aggregator, it only hosts links and text. 
Fuck, there's people who cry "Repost!" If the electrons used in displaying the image on their screen have been used before. 
However in this case OP's content has never been posted to Reddit before...
Karma decay isn't entirely accurate, also changing the picture slightly can make it unrecognisable to karma decay. This has definitely been posted before.

Well, if Karmadecay doesnt' catch it, than the repost penalty shouldnt' be applied.
There is no repost penalty. Reposts are allowed. OP only deservedly gets called a faggot if he reposted things that hit the front page within the last two days, which with this subreddit happens a lot. I was pointing out that this content has been on reddit before.
brb, submitting this:
Wait, what? Something got taken from Facebook that . a repost?.Mark this day on the history books, boys. It's the exception to the rule.

OP is the one. He will lead Reddit into an age of original content and prosperity.
I think the more likely answer is that karmadecay isn't flawless
Shhh. Let him have this.
Your totally right, OP
Some body should of thought of this year's ago

they're should be such a captcha. I bet people would have problems with it. Internet users, their so stupid. 
Two many people will never get it. 
Is there ever a time when using the wrong "there/their/they're" or "your/you're" can actually lead to a legitimate misinterpretation? I'm not opposed to using them correctly or anything, but it's a valid thought
Wright*
FTFY
That's where your wrong..
Maybe "definitely" should be changed to "defiantly". I know damn well how to spell it, but my fingers don't always listen.
The one word I definately can never spell right.
You know there's actually a site called, '.'? There's a wall of shame too. 
de-finite-ly.If you remember that it has the word "finite" in it you definitelay won't get it wrong.
They're is something really refreshing about good grammar on the Internet.
well grammar*

i think ou too are right, i two wished for better grammar
Alot of people get it wrong
Punctuation!
 :)


 
They could of used some more school then.
Your getting good at this
I don't know what there problem is. It's like years of schooling had no affect on them.

This comment is what made me leave this thread. Congratulations.
I don't no, I think it's irregardless of education.
I personally like Mass Affect 3 the most.

I'm glad you used "It's" correctly. People seem to forget it's apostrophe way too often. Nice to see we have a few educated redditors here.
Ya know, I don't really get the exception of "its" vs "it's". Apostrophes are used to show possession (e.g. "The cat's whiskers"), so why can't an apostrophe be used in "it's" to show possession???
it ain't a apostrophe, its a comma on top

while i know that the apostrophe in "it's" exists, i usually just exclude it because of the extra effort required to reach over 3cm to tap the key.
When I read your comment I can't help but want to put an apostrophe after it's.   It's'
Way to many people get that wrong.
I'm also glad he/she correctly used "affect" in that context.
If people would use . instead of ., we would have one less grammar problem to deal with.
Also, autocorrect 
Wouldn't it be it's' in your instance because the apostrophe belongs to it's,.I'm so confused,
I need a drink.
Yea this could of been way worse.

Can we stop now? I could care less about grammar.
This thread is starting to make my eye twitch 
Ah yes... The classic 'spit shine' technique.
Oops.  Used LIKE instead of UP VOTE and a douche demoted me.
Well FUCK ME RUNNING.
These are not viable excuses for reposts..There . no viable excuses for reposts..Fuck off with this shit.
repsot from 
I don't know if I should upvote this. It made me laugh but made me feel like an asshole for laughing. :/.When in doubt, DOWNVOTE!
Repost
Goddammit 4chan, get back in 4chan.
I've seen this before, and I have to agree. It make me laugh every time! Thanks for the reminder


Hell, middle-school. Same damn thing.
Middle school is more like purgatory, high-school is hell.
Literally gets me everytime
Repost
I swear this is posted more than any other picture on reddit. 
Oh I get it, racism. 
HA HA RACISM IS ALWAYS FUNNY WHEN IT'S ON THE INTERNET HA HA.
That's right! There is nothing worse than having to look someone in the eyes while being a racist dick! 
when I see that it's rotated the wrong way? Because...I saw it.
I won't see it because the pic is in portrait instead of landscape and also because I can't zoom in.  Might want to post a higher-resolution version of the picture.
uh, you should flip the pic. 
And stroke the shaft.
You just know it was a guy who put up that sign.
This is how we Canadians say hello
I need a pair of undies with this saying on it.
Yeah I saw this one time. Fell for the trap. Was kicked out with my hands in my pants.
So, did you?
I did. I felt the balls
Aaannnddd?? Come on man we need the dirty details.
I wonder if there's a nerdy police man sitting down the road a bit with a super accurate speed gun, rounded to the nearest hundredth.
Up vote for the Monty Python like title.
Maybe it's because you make terrible posts like this.....
Here, have another one.
haha corny but i laughed
I would watch the hell out of that movie
Makes it though the war goes home to see his mother, gets hit by drunk driver in front of her driveway and dies, also misses out on military benefits/funeral for not dying in the line of duty. 

Not my comic but check out his work at
If I upvote this ill fell like a jerk if I downvote ill feel even worse
It's the pitboss crew
The lower case "a team."
Take better quality pictures and upload better quality pictures.
? Really?
probably because its very close to its sell by date :(
PINK SLIME FTW!!!

Ground beef? It can be more than just hamburger!
Great find!  I would have bought as much as I could stuff in my freezer!
Better be ready to use it fast or have a freezer that can quick freeze it, because it's probably within 2-3 days of expiring.
Well played.....or should I say prayed.
lol nice
Well the sciense is there, cause we know there were no athiests praying for it to stay.
Glad you didn't waste your prayers on inconsequential things like Peace and ending starvation.
Stop praying prease
Correct 
If it was made by him and installed by him it would be upside down.
Creepy. 
Oh jesus, Miller Lite?!
You monster.
Op drinks Lite beer.
Vortex bottles?
fakes
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
It's not?
Isn't it both?
Yeah, the joke is that he's not a dragon, he's a pokemon.
Are you sure? It looks like a dragon to me.
Its a technicality.
I dunno, Charizard is not a dragon-type pokemon, he is flying/fire.  This tattoo is clearly of a dragon.
What?
NY ,|,, TX
She's been trained for this, she'll never talk.
Give me a call if you need someone to babysit, human pyramid or such. 
Bubble wrap, check.  Prescription bottle, check.  That baby has everything she needs.
Ba(y)by*
Time for another force feeding I presume
this picture is bad and you should feel bad
I guess they ran out of rice to throw...
And that was the last moment they enjoyed for that night. 
Maybe he's just got a bad tan.
Fuck you bag of salad sitting in the refrigerator nice and cold on this hot summer day!
In truth, I had a kale, cucumber, green apple smoothie for supper last night. Just think the illustration is hilarious!
Incidentally, I forgot to add that this illustration is from 
Really?!  
Well did she let him?
Love High School DxD so much, funniest anime ever.
Samurai champloo?
Looks more like cowboy bebop 
High school dxd
Sounds about right. 
well... his priorities are straight at least
Bazinga!
Highschool DxD.
ah.  Thanks mate!
No
I see what you did there.

yes folks this is what a redneck looks like! come visit the united states we have lots to offer!
Don't you mean "pull a Santorum"?
Damn but I do love that movie. Jim Carrey doesn't give a fuck!
what movie is this?
"in god we trust" all up on your money
repost.
Confi
Not quite sure why such a talented, beautiful and accomplished actress would do something this totally moronic.
The only thing that would have made that picture better is if he'd been wearing a kilt.
You might even say I was feeling a little flat.
George R. R. Martin?
Twice in as many days I've been told that. Not on purpose....
Guillermo Del Toro?
I'll give you a thousand fucking dollars if you can convince ONE person that this is funny. 
I don't get it, what's so bad about bringing your kid into a liquor store?.Classic example of "do as I say not as I do" - so what, you're supposed to lie to your kids that you don't drink, ever?  Or leave the baby in the car when you go to get booze?.This is why teens and college kids binge drink - because we're even hiding our . of alcohol from our children, rather than teaching them how to maturely and moderately consume alcohol and be responsible about it..Fuck you, internet.
Many grocery stores have an alcohol isle.
Where is this water locked land of alcohol you speak of?
We did. 2 months ago.
I sure would like to see more sunglasses on Cage's shirt collar. 
Nicholas cage is such a douche bag. He has two pairs of sunglasses hanging from his shirt. Living up to his loser reputation smashingly. 
That awkward moment when no one realizes you have two shades on your shirt yet.
*Nic
That's not a liquor store.  It's a grocery store in Daphne, AL.
Fresh Market. Good guy Nic.
Wow! I moved a year ago. The place is looking great!!
Its a fucking photoshop.
Here in Washington State all grocery stores (Albertsons, IGA, Safeway, Haggens, Walmart, Etc) have aisles dedicated to hard alcohol and beer. I can pick up a 5th of whiskey in the same place I get my veggies and dog food.
Isle means island, you meant aisle.
Don't hate because my spell check doesn't know aisle over isle :(
that not hate, I love you enough to want you to get better
I've taken my kid to the beer store several times. Better than what my parents did by pretending that alcohol didn't exist.
Since when is it wrong to buy alcohol once you are a parent? 
Parenthood requires alcohol.  Conception too for some.
Damn right!! Try go a week with the kids and not deserve a good old fashioned drink or two at the weekend
Maybe in that case it would be a good idea to leave the child with a sitter and get wasted. 
You do realize you don't drink . the liquor store, right?
I am aware. 
Contrary to popular belief most adults can drink responsibly.. Here in Europe we always enjoy wine with our meals and the whole family is present. The fact that you lot think you have to get shit faced every occasion possible is pretty sad..
Well, I happen to be an 18 year old Canadian on summer vacation. So the idea of getting shit faced on every occasion (while I am not at work) is an attractive idea. As there is nothing else to do in this tiny town in Saskatchewan.
My (Canadian) parents drink daily, beer and wine, and I have only ever seen my mom drunk once (I am 15).
Nothing to do with having kids at all... Except that being 18 you are sill one ;)
I was referring to yanks, we know Canadians are normal, cultured people.. We actually feel sorry for you guys being so close to that lot...
Feel free to use the word as you like, but when you call Americans Yanks to us it sounds like you're calling us northerners from the American Civil War
Yes we are pretty normal, but not as polite as the world seems to think. Considering most people drink it's easy to run into an asshole. And forgive me, but "Yank" meaning?... 
That police state on your southern border
"Yank" used in Ireland instead of "American", short for "Yankee".I might be wrong but I think it entered the vernacular through a John Ford movie...where John Wayne deflowers a pretty cailn.
Yep that's where I live, southern Saskatchewan.
A mere generalization, much like you 'yanks' all say Brits have bad teeth and the French are rude and walk about with baguettes or us Nordics are all blonde and good looking, NOT TRUE, I have brown hair!
A photoshopped repost. We love it!
I knew you would!
I thought the babies arm was the moms boob hanging out. 
Me as well. 'That awkward moment'... when you're not in THAT subreddit. 
Still came
Cannot be unseen
It's a Common Dong Dog. 
At first I genuinely thought this was a giant fuzzy dildo.
"I can smell sounds!"
Cat's all fucked up on Special K
Where was this when I was in school?
Upvote for Cake!
Which hand is he using to write with? Which hand is he using to hold his head? Which hand is he using to hold the phone? Photoshopped, this is impossible. 
Left, Right, Fake?
Where did he get the fake hand?
He's no righting dumbass his hand is down there his sleeve rests on the table I've done this before not rocket science 
It's w-r-i-t-i-n-g. Who's the dumbass now?
Oh look you did notice :) your not so stupid after all
You're still a durpson.
That's adorable. It's both.
Its their Mecca lol. I visit all the time and i still cant figure them out sometimes 
If they were sleeping on the sidewalk in the middle of the day, I'd say hipster. Source: Portlandian
Thanks, i knew there were tons of hipsters in Portland, but i wasn't sure how to determine the difference 
That happened to me when i was a kid staying at my grandparents, grabbed a tube of hair grease!    most disgusting thing i've ever tasted
Wow.  Can you imagine what would have happened if that hair got tangled in your toothbrush?  Day = bad.
Equate's mission statement is to ruin days with their generic looking shit.
Repost
Not a single duck was given.
The biggest challenge would be getting passed the first door.

I guess jahova's witness get there energy from hate
We always called it "Never have I ever".
Now you have to post the lit version!
Now children, this is what happens when you mix drugs and fireworks. YOU'VE BEEN ENCOURAGED. I MEAN WARNED.
This joke was funny the first time.
That right there is proof there is aliens.  They shrunk it down and it will return to full size with that magic growth elixir.
No dude, pretty sure it's a bulldozer for ants.
I'm surprised you were able to get close enough to that monstrosity to take the picture. 
Ha! Happened to me once too.
That semi is driving in reverse very fast .
No way is that a Toyota Camry that you're driving? 
Yes it is. Nice eye.
60mph, about to get run over by a transport truck... quick! Let's put this on Reddit!
So you whip out your phone and take a pic?
My brother was in the passenger seat asleep when I came across a similar towed semi. I then sped up as close as I could, yelled "Holy Shit!!" as I slammed the brakes causing my brother to wake up. He then made the weirdest yelp as he threw himself into the back seat. It only took him a few years in therapy to get over it.
The truck is likely either being transported one way or another.
yup, that might put some racing stripes in your Fruit o the Looms...
You deserve it for buying a Camry.
Unfortunately it looks like they're filming another Fast and Furious.
Photoshopped. No one in truck; reflection wrong!
Wow you are dense. Duh the truck is driving in reverse backwards. (Really its prob being towed).
Big red things on the front of the truck indicate it's on a tow truck.
The explanation you are looking for rhymes with toe.
Sow? Hoe? Doe? Throw?
What an amazing prank... . 
Yet u could take a pic?
The truck is being toed.
Think it through....It's not a truck coming towards OP or death would ensue...so.... come on, you can do it...
still, it's not safe to take out a phone and start snapping pictures IN THE MIDDLE OF DRIVING
Agreed. But that's not the point you were originally making. 
??? I think you've mistaken me for someone else...
eh Wab, he had come out of his hypnotic state.  it's all good now.
Always still enough time for a pic!
60 mph.... let's take a picture while driving
"Thankfully, I quickly realized that a wreck wasn't imminent, the truck was just being towed. So I whipped out my phone to make a wreck more likely."
Yeah. I guess karma's not worth my life.
those women are never coming to your house. you might get their signature but it will be on a page titled 
I can't believe they would erect a building like that.
Demetri Martin did a stand-up routine at my university several years back before I was attending here. Somehow, after the routine, he ended up going to a party at one of my friend's apartments. If memory serves, they had a mutual friend. Apparantly he's a pretty good guy.
People like grapes.

Did anyone know he's like 40!?
I used to think Demetri Martin was not funny. I still do, but i used to, too.
He's funny, his show just wasn't that good. It's hard to make an on-going show about your stand-up routine. The few comedians that can pull it off, either make it into a story-like show like Louie on FX, or Tosh.0 with the viral internet videos to make fun of. Demitri essentially had to come up with 12 half-hour stand-up shows, which didn't work out too well..
Isn't that a Mitch Hedberg joke?
Reminds me of my freshman year of college speech class... We had to do a 5 minute instruction speech on anything we wanted... Kid did how to make ramen, and took the last two minutes of his speech just chewing on the dry noodles. The teacher was not pleased. 
probably new zealand based on the landscape..definitely not wales.
Should read "Don't like Kayne West or Jay-Z's new albums? Check this guy out!" Fuck it.. even if you do like it check that guy out!
Thats not a cookie.
in russia it is
How did you not title this "Putin on the Ritz"?.Which is what I'm sure the point was when this was made.
O
M
G 
I love that!! :)
Tongue is the new Duck Face 
 . . . 14h before this post by . (fixed by .). 
Adorable....I wish a kingdom hearts type crossover was ever done with all these guys...
There are twelve universes in Dragon Ball and I'm pretty sure Goku saved them all. (or at least he was the strongest)
And the doctor only gives a shit about the UK
Actually, the doctor saved ALL of the universes from being destroyed.
 . . . 4h before this post by . (fixed by .). 
From Idaho, can confirm.
At least mother ArmorAll'd that bad boy before you stopped in 
Profession? Full time shark puncher
so.... what's the snorkel attached to that allows him to breathe?
I did not see that coming, but it made me giggle.
Ok captain Murphy
This is my first new comic in like a month, here's the . 
Shark vending machine.... In a tornado?
I have this wind machine and it fucking blows. .No pun intended, it's a terrible piece of equipment.
"grate"? Are you kidding me?
I believe that's Fa Kin Su Pah.
Logic is sound. 8/10 would visit for a fantastic time. 
Should be Peak... damn you auto correct :(
Can't argue with that
Mostly because I have no idea what it means.
And another.  
I can think if two big reasons why that is a favorite for most.
Please, do tell.
Yo dawg, I see you like Toasteds, light toasted, toasted sesame crackers.
are they toasted ?
food equivalent of 
Plot twist: they're fried.
bro, do you even toast?
I usually eat these with cheesy cheese, and maybe a glass of wet water.

FUCKING TOASTED!!!!
I bet those are good when you get the munchies when you are toasted.

Toasteds... plural of toasted... my brain doesn't like that.
The toasted ones are better. 
are they toasted?
I heard those are toaster.

Redundancy at its finest.
Those look like they would be good, if only they were toasted.
We should all wright a comment to Kellog's to ask them if these crackers are toasted..fuck it..Ijust did.
Retoast
Keebler should change it's name to Toasted
savory onion toasteds are my favorite.
Are they toasted?
Dear Keebler,
  I purchased some of your "Toasteds" crackers and being a health conscious person i try to avoid certain cooking processes that may add oil etc. I was just curious as to what process you used to make these crackers. I fear they may have been steamed or boiled or ,god forbid, stir fried.  I anxiously await your response i will be eating baked lays and staring at this box until you respond.
                              Yours Truly
                                Totally Baked Right Now
After reading all the comments, the word 'toast' sounds all weird now.  .toast

but are they toasted?
Can you show us the back of the pack? These look good but I want to know if they're toasted.
Yes, but are they toasted?
Brought to you by the redundant fellas over at the department of redundancy department. 
Are they toasted?
Brought to you by the makers of Lucky Strike cigarettes.

Thanks for the gold u/Hard_Reptile!! .Edit*: found who it was
They need to put a warning label on it.  Just in case..
WARNING -- Food items in box are TOASTED. 
has anyone noticed how the 3 pack (sesame, butter & wheat) is becming increasingly hard to obtain? 
Yo dawg
If anybody's wondering. they actually taste amazing. Only when they're toasted though. 
But really they are baked.
I ate these and now my toe's dead.
HEAD ON: APPLY DIRECTLY TO THE FOREHEAD
If guns don't kill people; people kill people, then do people not toast toast; toast toasts toast
So they're toasted right?
It would be great if the picture is of these little suckers popping out of a toaster.
You know some focus group, maybe at a college said "we like the term toasted when referring to our crackers.... heh, heh"
Yo Dawg, I heard you like toasted crakers, so I toasted some sesame, then lightly toasted your toasted crackers.
Meh, The New & Improved Toasteds are twice as toasty.
Toasted huh . . . I think the guy that made the box was Baked.
Ok, where's the asterix
I'll drink to that! Cheers! 
Can they be eaten from the box, or do they need to be put in a toaster first? 
I'm not sure, are they toasted or not?
Yo dawg!
It's really full of unfiltered cigarettes.
Its like a haiku template: Ejaculateds. Ejaculated sesame. Lightly ejaculated. 
Wait, so is it toasted or what?
I thought it said toasted semen, damn dyslexia. 
We should all . to find out for sure whether they're toasted or not.
How Stewie would react to the ad wizards that came up with this one...
But is it really toasted?
I really hope they're toasted 

Either the marketing folks have lost their creativity or someone let their kid come up with this.
I love those things. I put them on toast.
[deleted]
Lightly toasted Toasteds on Toast.
Yo dawg last night I was lightly toasted eating some lightly toasted lightly toasteds man
Yo dawg...
I'm pretty toasted
So they're fried right?
Are they toasted? 
I'm confused. Are they toasted or not? By looking at the packaging, you cannot clearly identify if they are toasted or not.
Is it baked?
Guys, if you look really carefully, you find out that they are toasted. 
Yes, but are they toasted?
We sooo toasted right now.
Toasty.
Not sure I understand this, am I supposed to toast these barbequed crackers?
Why did I read that as toasted seamen ?
Wonder how they toast them
Incoming redditisms
Using air as the oil yes 
Say 'toasted' again. Say 'toasted' again, I dare you, I double dare you motherfucker, say 'toasted' one more Goddamn time!

toasted


I laughed more at this than I have at anything else today
can someone confirm if they are toasted?
Soup of the day...
Notice how it cuts off the serving suggestions at the bottom? I wonder what they could be.
Here's a toast to toasted Toasteds in a toasty toaster.
are those things fried or boiled?

I don't get it 
Sooooo.....they're toasted? 
I feel like the toast of the town when I coyly drank a toast for a well-toasted toast and toasted my hands near my toaster then I touched the toasting grill, I was toast!
Hey Frampton, do you like toast too? Yes, as do I, it is warm and crispy.
I think they might be toasted.
TOASTED!!! So are they toasty? 
Do they come in baked?
What a cool thing to do.
    
Toastacaust.
Goes great on toast..Instructions: 1.Put in Toaster 2. Toast.Great to eat after making a toast..I have not read the word "Toast" so many times, i cant tell if its spelt right or wrong.
At the moment a search for "toast" in this thread yields 116 results.

Are they fried or baked?
Yes.

I just . that episode that week! Can't wait for next season.
Yeah, but you should try the toasted ones.
I prefer the lightly toasted ones.
Hey man, are those things toasted?
I'm just curious how toasted those toasted toasts are.
No, they're toasted. 
Lightly.
How toasted are they?
Ice toasted!
I heard somewhere that they're lightly toasted
So about a [3]?
Lets focus on the toasted people.
It's funny cause toasted is the brand name of a machine that soaks them in water. Those crackers are actually soggy. 
But, I like my Toasteds. toasted. :(
Before eating these I always put them in my toaster oven for a few minutes just to be sure. 
Just to be sure the lightly toasted toasted toasters are toasted?

Remember kids, all toasters toast toast!
Make sure to be a little drunk, too.
Don't forget to toast your drink with someone each time you pour a new one.
Yo Dawg...I heard you like your toasteds toasted. 
Yes, I do like my lightly toasted toasteds lightly toasted.
Indeed
Wouldn't that make them baked then? 
But only lightly though, right?
 -Jesus
Of course, always set your toaster to "Lightly" before putting these in there.
Wait... THESE ARE TOASTED?!
This comment was created by a bot. . Click . to report errors.
America needs to 'MURICAN-er'
There is no joy in that cat's eyes. 
British long hair? So cute.
nope. just 2. "oh shit"
I slipped Bert 50 bucks and he said it was cool!!!
Nice rape face
"I just blacked in"
Tell me the words. All 1000 of them.
Cat: How did I fall this far?
I thought they only taught one word a day 
"I...I...I feel a lump, ernie" 
Ernie takes it in the ass.  Good to know.
That is the face of a man as soon as he forgets the condom.
The cats face is like he just realized he didn't use a condom. 

Well, Bert was always talking about how much of a tight ass Ernie is, so the cat decided he wanted to try.
That moment of a regrettable hook-up, right after you've "finished" where you're suddenly hit with the thought; "Oh god, what have I done?"..Turns out, cat's experience that too. AAWWW, THEY ARE JUST LIKE PEOPLE!.(The next morning, Mr. Fluffy is thinking to himself, "sometimes I wish my human HAD gotten me fixed", at least losing my balls would stop me from thinking with them...")
That moment after you finish.
Ernie's eyes tell the story
Nah, that is a life realisation right there! It is when it goes up for him, "What the f*** am I doing!" :P
where will you be when the acid kicks in?
Cat is acting out everything that it has seen. 
i believe that the same though its going through both of their minds:."What has my life come to?"
plot twist: the cat's name is Bert.
"Oh fuck I came early...supposed to pull out....act...casual...shhhh"
"I'm gonna fuck you til you love me!"
I just see the words "DONT MOVE A MUSCLE", "CONDOM BROKE" or "TEEN PREGNANCY, THIS COULD BE YOU!!!"
Oh...You're home early...
I always thought Bert and Ernie were gay. I was wrong
I don't know if I can handle it.
Fucking repost

You can see the regret in the cat's eyes.
Catnip, not even once.
I don't understand why so many people are focusing on the look on the cat's face. Look at poor Bert! 


And yet this one is worth TWO thousand.

But its better if you don't talk.
Silly kitty
The cat looks more traumatized than Ernie.

Its felt some shit. 
It's STUCK!
Enlightenment: it can happen at any moment.

We need OP to answer the question everyone has pondered for years.  Male or Female cat?
"Did..did he just yell Bert?! I'm not Bert!"
If this doesn't make it to the front page, reddit has no soul. 
you never know where you'll be when the acid kicks in.
Hello, darkness, my old friend...

The cats face, "did I leave the oven on"?
Some one needs to slap an "I came" on that pic
the weird thing is, my mom is a crazy cat lady, i grew up my entire life with a minimum of 15 cats in my house. i still have never had a cat hump stuff in all my years! I find this hilarious btw
"I... I think it broke.."
Ernie is completely into it too!
Meow meow, can a fellow get some privacy?
Sometimes you fuck the pussy- sometimes the pussy fucks you.
But a video is worth 32 thousand words a second.
That cat has the prison rape stare.
Bae caught me cheatin'
Oh shit! That's not the right hole
bertstare.jpg
"I don't like this anymore than you do Ernie."
I wonder how much Bert paid for that cat costume.
And more than 2000 upvotes.

Best "I can explain" face I've seen in a while...
Doesn't matter, had sex!
It was at that moment that Whiskers realized he had become his father...
"Where will you be when a flashback strikes?"
900 of those words are "ha"
What's distracting them ?
"Ernie?"."...Bert?!  This isn't what it looks like!"

We all new ernie was a bottom
Perhaps he's about to triple himself...
One of these things is not like the other!

Where will you be when the acid kicks in?
I just need two. 
Bert's gonna be upset
And the next one who pulls him out will be crowned king Arthur! 
Not sure one needs a thousand words to capture this picture. "Help! I'm being butt raped by the cat!" pretty much sums it up. 
Better add my two cents
Busted...
Is that cats name burt?
Got to satisfy those urges. 
On Deck: 
Bert is home early.
My male cat humps my other male cat and he just takes it. It's like that scene from Shawshank every night.
"Bert....is..is that you Bert?"
My heart skipped a beat when I saw this. I wish it were real...
"I take no pleasure in doing this, I hope you understand.  You were merely an innocent victim, stuffed Ernie."
[deleted]
I can see into his soul
Repost whiplash
I've made a huge mistake..
"Did...Did I leave the gas on?"
It appears as if cats are on your mind...
 Here's a picture for you!

Word on Sesame Street is Burt's impotent...but this still does not give Ernie the excuse to get a little puss on the side.
And their all What the fuck.

After years and years of watching Sesame Street, it's pretty obvious that Ernie just doesn't get pussy. 
"Wait, Ernie's gay?!"
All I see in this picture worth a thousand words is "stupid cat"
Eulogy for Grandfather.When I was little, if you couldn't find me, I could be anywhere up a tree, under the covers, in the closet, even hiding in the bathroom where I couldn't be disturbed... but almost always with a book. Friends even through college would ask how it was that I gobbled up words like peanut butter. Usually, I would just shrug and say, I have no idea where it came from! Thinking back, though, it's so obvious how could I miss it?.My GungGung took such an amazing interest in books that one of my lasting childhood memories is him sitting in that armchair in the corner of the Ross Road house, under a pool of lamplight, poring over some biography of a thousand pages. My mom and two uncles used to joke that if an earthquake or fire hit Palo Alto, my grandfatherwould never notice, because he would be so wrapped up in his reading. I used to think, wandering around that Ross Road living room and looking at the shelves overflowing with books, that hopefully some day I would be able to cook like my grandmother and read thousand-page books like my grandfather..I also secretly thought that GungGung must be bursting with words, because so many went in... but so few came back out. At least when I knew him, he was not a man of many spoken words. On occasion, an old friend would stop by, and then I would be astounded by their animated back-and-forth. Usually, though, my grandfather was very quiet. I heard amazing stories of his studies in Paris, his political involvement in the Young China Party, and his years at the United Nations, but never from him. He never boasted, and I would never know these stories if it weren't for my mom and two uncles, who were so proud of their dad..So much of what I know of my grandfather is pieced together from these stories that have trickled down from relatives and friends, and PoPo's photographs that I love to look at. In those, I see a wholly different GungGung someone who wasn't a GungGung yet, someone laughing tremendously with friends on a beach in Paris (wearing a very fashionable 1920's bathing suit!), someone who, as my mom was fond of saying, looked like a Hollywood movie star, someone striking a debonair pose in my grandmother's garden with a guitar. Then there are wonderful pictures of GungGung with his family, with so much love shining in his eyes for my PoPo, or countless ones of GungGung giving away yet another bride, perhaps in another wedding match made by PoPo. In each of these, you can see GungGung beaming just as happily and proudly as if he were giving away his own daughter in marriage all over again. I am happy to know that besides being a great scholar and passionate player in Chinese politics, my grandfather knew how to have fun!.So, despite my grandfather's amazing connection to words and books, the ways I will remember him are mostly nonverbal. When you hear that phrase "actions speak louder than words," that's something I truly take to heart regarding the kind of example GungGung set for the rest of us. I will remember GungGung by all these little things for example, the way my grandfather could really dress, often in what I thought were very dashing three-piece suits, almost always set off with a sharp red tie. In comparison, my mom was always telling me something that GungGung used to tell her when she was little: Don't look like a tou-bowze! (It's something I'm still working on, honestly.) That was the care he took with all aspects of his life..I'll remember how the doorbells would jangle insistently, and there would be GungGung, having run briskly over from their Ross Road house a few blocks away with some delicious meal that PoPo had just cooked and then without much of a word, he would turn around and run right back, often before we had the chance to give him a ride! That was the generosity he and PoPo both shared with us..I'll remember when Emily, then Marissa, and then Byron grew up, and how GungGung, pretty deaf by now and very very silent, would spontaneously burst into clapping and chanting to either entertain or praise the kids. That was the pride and delight he had in all his grandchildren..And what I will remember most of all is how in his last year, when he was very weak and confined to his wheelchair or bed, he always held out his hand to grasp yours tightly the moment you walked in the door. And what a grip! I saw him reach out like this to my Uncle Peter, to my Uncle Jimmy, to my mom that was his love for his three children, who were often by his side. And for my PoPo for her, he had a special two-handed grip. There was a time when they hadn't seen each other for awhile, and my Uncle Jimmy wheeled in GungGung, and my mom and I had brought PoPo as soon as GungGung and PoPo saw each other, across a wide, wide room, they both reached out to each other, instantly. GungGung once told PoPo that no matter where he was physically, even if they weren't living in the same place, his home was in her heart. That was their tremendous love for each other, which they shared for over 70 years..All these little things that amounted to so much, and that influenced all of us growing up in GungGung's embrace. I know I speak for all the grandchildren when I say that GungGung was a wonderful inspiration, for his passion, his intellect, and most of all, his love. GungGung, we miss you so much, but we know you'll always have a home in all of our hearts as well..I'll take one picture please.
it would be a shame if you were downvoted after all that typing
Not gonna lie, I googled "thousand word essays"...
"the things ive seen maaan... the things ive done!"
Semen isn't red... .So... do I stop?
He had the craziest look in his eyes and at one point said "let's get it on" 
Suddenly and without warning, Fluffy McGray had the stark, haunting realization that his testicles no longer held residence in his loins, but rather sat withering under the desert sun of a Nevada landfill.
I saw another great caption: "I swear this isn't what it looks like".
It appears as if cats are on your mind...
 Here's a picture for you!

UNSUBSCRIBE
You're right--it's much darker
Dat look.

He must get disappointed a lot.
Someone's already been here! It's looser than I expected!

"Right then, Ernie walked into the room..."
i'm reminded of a line from a Kevin Smith Smodcast: male sexuality unchecked by a woman is a dark horrible thing
I knew Bert was the top.
Meow! 
"Move along, nothing to see here..."
hahahahaha, the passion in his eyes.Ernie is just wondering why burt isnt saving him....
Holy 1000 yard stare
1000 words? Best I can do is 50
it looks like the cat came and Burt knows it...
It appears as if cats are on your mind...
 Here's a picture for you!

I can only think of two "cat rape"
Are all of those 1000 words "meow"?
Oh my God even the cats are gay now. See what all you gay liberals are doing to our country?
Please, please tell me the cat's name is Bert!!!
I'd like to know what thousand words describe this picture because I can't think of any. 
He may not like the pussy, but it likes him.
Burt, help me Burt.
"Shit, your mom's home."
Coming into this thread, I had no idea how many Bert gifs there were in the world.
None that need be spoken.
Oh... Umm... You're home early... 
If was about this time that Mr. Fluffle's acid began to wear off... and as the hazy shade pulled back from over his brain he thought to himself, "meow meow meow," because cats can't talk or think in English.
"That cheezeburger was laced with something..." 
Common now, he's already been broken in back there. Amiright, Bert?
This needs a caption :P
"!Stuck!"
"im not using protection and i forgot to pull out O_O"
cat on mdma
"I gotta poop" look
He figures Burt does it, so what the hell.
What the fuck thats my cat!
A face full of shame and regret...
"I hate myself for what I'm doing, but goddamn does it feel good"-cat

Duuuude...
And boom goes the dynamite. 

It's funny until you realize that Bert's enjoying it
"...this is . what it looks like."
Poor Ernie is now Fluffy's bitch :(
He just saw Sesame Street for the first time and realized...
It may say 1000 words...  But none shall ever be spoken outloud about this...  ever
I've made a horrible mistake 
Like the onion said, they arent gay, they are pansexuals that will do anything to get off.
What have I become?
"don't bother me when i'm cleaning my room!"
and at least one scream.
Reminds me of Shame, or even the end of Munich.
Wilfred is jealous
a thousand repeating words!.FASTER! HARDER! FASTER! HARDER! OOOHHH YEAAAAH! OOOOOH YEAAAH!

That was a risky click.
wtf is up with all the PTSD dog gifs?  first I ever seen of 'em.


Burt is gonna be pissed!
*Bert
That's what I get for redditing when I should be in bed.  Sheesh.
*Butt
They heard the garage door open
That look on his face.  It's like "Oh god!  Is this what my life has come to?"
 (NSWF lol, but not really)
Dude, NSFW, please. 
When this first got frontpaged, someone linked the source video. With nothing but the sound of tinnitus and fans blowing in my ears... Upon watching that GIF again, I could hear the cat's screeching just like I was watching the video..Is there a term for this?
Yep, the McGurk Effect IIRC.
I don't think the McGurk effect applies if there's no sound at all?
Seconded. NSFW that shit.
Bite the sheets, I'm going in dry
Just the tip?
oh god that is the funniest thing on the internet, i am dying
'Not Safe Work For'?

Where will you be when the acid trip stops..
You meanwhen it kicks in?
I think it would be more appropriate for him to be humping something other than a cat due to him being on something. Suddenly then trip stops and he goes "what have I done"..with that exact look on his face.
Reminded me of this.


The condom broke.
Spiny penis keeps tearing the rubber. Then it snags the stuffing and gets caught.
That, or . just walked in.
My first thought "I immediately regret this decision" 
That is, in fact, the face of one who is seriously reconsidering their life choices. 
Bingo!
Mine was that, and "Dear god, I think the condom broke"
"I'm not sure what I expected..."
My cat dexter used to love humping stuffed animals. Even after we got him fixed. He was a little humping machine. He violated everything. Nothing was safe from his cock of fury. When you caught him, he'd get this deer in the headlights look and freeze up like one of those fainting goats. Seriously, if you didn't touch him, he'd just sit there, mid hump, terrified until you left or swatted his butt for defiling your favorite stuffed bunny (that thing immediately went in the trash, much to my displeasure). God I miss him, R.I.P my little furry hump monster. 
I had a black male cat that was not fixed and was incredibly passive, so much so that a female bunny we had would sometimes start humping him from behind O.o
Ftfy
Thank you for making me even more miserable about the death of the cat I had since I was 4. 
my desexed male cat will become aggressive if I try to take his hump toy away. Growling and snapping at me. I just have to let him wear himself out humping. Its the only time I see he get aggressive, he was beaten up by a kitten a few days ago.
KZbknoo
My cat right now loves to violate a stuffed cat my sister had in her room. It was on a top shelf, surrounded by other stuffed cats. My mom kept wondering why this cat kept falling off the shelf every time she put it up. She figured out why when she heard my cat purring and meowing from the other room. Walked in on a similar situation.
My female dog humps my dad when she gets excited. It might not even be him that riles her up. My brother might be wrestling with her and she suddenly spins around, jumps on my dads chair, and just goes at it. Hilariously weird. 
Our cat also is a humping machine. And he's a screamer. I swear he hears our bedroom door lock click and makes it his mission to finish before we do. Everything soft is at risk - stuffed animals, clothes, blankets, etc..The best was when our teen foster daughter left something in the living room, and then it went missing. It turned up on our bedroom floor. When she questioned us about why we hid it in our room we explained that if she didn't want the cat to drag her stuff around the house and have his way with it, she should keep it in her room. She kept her stuff in her room from then on.
My cat, Sarge, used to be a violently mad humping machine as well. He would latch on to my friend's forearms, bite down and go to town. I got him fixed and had to get his front paws declawed (I know this is horrible, and I felt horrible for it but he truly was a savage) but this didn't really slow him down, just gave the victim a chance to remove him with less violence.  .My roommate once walked in on him raping my Tickle me Cookie Monster.  He was furiously humping it while Cookie was shaking and screaming, "ha,ha, ha, that tickles!"  I think the laughter just fueled his fires.  .Other things he violated: shoes, Teddy, skeins of yarn, me, my moms disabled male cat and dirty clothes.  I loved he little bastard, R.I.P, Sarge.
[deleted]
Riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiisky click.
I've got a stuff shrek .   My old boy . the one in front, used to have his way with it before he passed.   The cat moans at 3am were the worst.
shrek is love..shrek is life.
oh god the cat moans.. there's a cat bang almost every night in the yard behind my house.. And by cat bang I mean cat orgy. Lots o'cats.. It's ok no one needs to sleep anyway..
you don't own a prius do you? Dirty Cat and The Boys ...
Dirty Mike and the Boys
Eat cat food before bed. 
You forgot part of it, you have to huff glue. I can't explain it.

There's actually plenty of context there.
[deleted]
I don't think you understand that sub.
 
I don't know why this makes me laugh so much harder than normal...
god damn! someone get this man some gold ahahahaha
I think he knows what the problem is: 




You have changed my life.
bwaaaaaaahahahaa ha ha 
This is what I imagine a goat being bum raped would sound like.

that 50 cent? what movie is that?
LOLFR!
Cute Nebelung. I have one also. 
LOLing on the floor Raughing?
Do you know I've been using that for years, and nobody has . asked me what it means? I should've joined Reddit ages ago..Laughing out loud for real. As in, I'm really laughing out loud, not just silently typing 'LOL'.
I've always used Demitri Martins term LQTM, laughing quietly to myself.
SCOL
I use lolirl (laughing out loud in real life).My friends and I had a chart that described percentages...so lolirl(10) can be a small smirk and eye twinkle. lolirl(100) is that silent, arm flapping, red-faced, tear induced state of "I might actually die of suffocation from laughing so hard"..hehehe you know when you finally catch your breath, all you can say is "ow...ow....ooowwww..." while clutching your sore abdominal muscles.
Perfect. And I'm glad to see I'm not the only one who has put some thought into this.
...But, why?  Laughing Out Loud was originally intended to convey that you are in fact laughing.  I suppose by this time LOL just means "one side of my mouth lifted and I briefly exhaled through my nose harder than usual.".I have used RLWP (Real Laughter Was Produced) to make it clear I was, in fact LOL.
Exactly - it got to a point where people were typing lol in almost every sentence whilst sitting stone-faced at the computer..That simply won't do! No siree!
"I'm Typing LOL, but I'm not laughing" 
How about ALOLFR?
TILLOLFR.
Man, I'm too used to facebook. It's bothering me that I can't hit the 'like' button on that. Upvoting seems so impersonal. (I resisted the urge to reply, "LOL")
I don't want to be the meanguy, but we know that this gifs are funny, and we also know that you are happy when you see that funny shit, and really laugh, you don't have to tell us , who the hell wants to see a gif, laugh about it, and then read comments like "lol", "not only LOL, i REALLY LAUGHED" "rofl, real rofl" "that's no contribution to our 
How wrong you are..He just taught many of us LOLFR, a grand contribution IMHO AAAA(As An Acronym Addict).
Go easy on me, dude. I'm still weaning off having a 'like' button. I'm not used to posting somewhere where people expect you to make actual conversation.
I did not even know that people wanted actual conversation in . 
LOLOMGWTFBBQ.... This sounds like a cheat code or something like that somehow
I think its a grand theft auto cheat
Gives ya a flamethrower.
And an achievement in TF2 (I think)

Watched this as a plane was landing, thought it was crashing
Sum Ting Wong
Ho Lee Fuk
Wi Tu Lo
Wi tu lo
Bang Ding Ow
Hao Yu Lan Dis Tang
Mo Da Phuck (Vietnamese)

Ai Don No
Wi Su Yu
Archers of Loafcross?
This happened to me once, except I got my penis stuck in the cd drawer.
Up the Hershey highway.  Lol
thats.... probably pretty accurate. 
For more creepy dipping gifs and ideas for other things to put into a food fountain, 
"Kill me now"
Just like the ending of Cats and Dogs.
Fuck the haters, man. You do your thing.
thank you!
I hate tipping but do it so that the server can actually pay rent. The whole system is fucked though. Pay your staff a reasonable wage and charge me how much the food + service actually costs. .You shouldn't expect a tip to do your job. Here in Japan there is no tipping and service is better. You have a button on your table and when you need something or want to place your order you press the button and someone comes over. If there is no button it is perfectly fine to yell out "excuse me!" and someone will come right over. .It is a pretty awesome system and the staff is not overworked checking on tables that don't need anything and you are not interrupted unless you need something. 
 mine at work

Should have waited for the second wish, His friend is gonna hardcore fuck him now...
Repost, but still makes me laugh every time. 
my friends and I talked about this before, what it would be like to taste with your asshole instead. We decided we'd just shove jolly ranchers up our asses
Had not seen before. Upvote. 
It's a great comic, but... just so everyone knows, ..
We already do...
If theres any subtlety to this I missed it years ago.
How is this subtle or genius?
Jolly ranchers...
"Jon the rancher sure is Jolly.."."Well I heard Tom likes to shove him up his ass, so.. That could be it."

That would be pretty shitty
That pun was crap.
He wouldn't be able to taste his own anus because for taste, you need saliva, and there isn't in his anus
Here's a link to the creators .. I'm pretty sure it's the creators website, I only did a cursory search.  
I don't get what's funny.
leader of gang to street urchins.hahaha.. how did you know,
any way.. makes me wonder ho people can actually survive them.
Sorry print key button broke.
Finally! I can stop selecting 'other'! 
That joke never gets old.
Science.
How...where did that horse head come from?...
magic
This post gave me cancer.
this was stupid. 
As a woman, I believe a lot of those "why it sucks to be a woman" thing was false. for instance, the shoes... I have very few shoes and only buy new ones when i HAVE to. and I do not conspire against my friends. this guy is retarded. 
Dormant.
Well, my penis isn't very good at debates so.. Phallusy. 
I read "debates" as "databases", I was expecting you to call it Microsoft.
Megalomaniac
Eh.
Hypnotic
Inflammatory 
POINTED!
Turgid 
Schwarzenegger.
He's cooling off. Pretty hot where you are?
It was when I took the picture. He only flattened out like that after he noticed me looking at him lol. He was only about 5 feet away. 
Last summer it was about 115 degrees out (Oklahoma,) and I had pulled a car over on a back road. I was talking to the driver, who had an old 1968 Camero SS, and a squirrel came up on the shadow side of my patrol car and laid exactly like that. I swore off hunting them that day because it was the cutest thing I had ever seen. Lol. .Off topic, but I told the camero guy if he would do a good burnout for me, I wouldn't write a citation. I was not disappointed.
Some buddies of mine named their band "Picklebucket" since they all worked in the food service industry. It wasn't until they went on the road that they found out "picklebucket" was a common term for something else.
You'd be salty too.
Damn near choked on my coffee!  Salty Jim!  Hilarious!

The good ol' reddit 
welp, i'm done
Somehow I think the media is at it again, and that it wasn't drugs but rather psychosis.
...and my internetting today has been completed.
have fun drinking the media drug propaganda. if they don't give a specific of what kind of drug he was on, then i'd be willing to bet anything he was just psychotic. 
Headline should be "insane man rips off own Penis" 
I would have loved this as a gift! Good find.
That fan is making me nervous for some reason
Maybe the hens lay the eggs and the roosters lay the egg cartons...
may the chicken actually posted the pic speaking of her female owner/food provider...
I'd joke to say that you trained your cock well but it is a chicken...
May want to check the huevos on that one
haha i get it
because in spanish it's a pun
and the bird's gender is in question
reddit doesn't speak spanish apparently, ya got zero points
That's a dude.  I got four hens and two roosters just like that one.  The males have all that red mess going on, the ladies don't.  
You are not a smart man.
How's her aim?
Thar be testes
You'll wait a long time before this one lays an egg ...
Nice looking bird.  I thought it was a rooster when I saw her with that comb and those saddle feathers, but I'll trust you to know better.
Why? He's just helping her exercise
Dat royal face.
how many times do they have to be creep shotted in order to stop doing silly things??
Plausible start to a porno.
Notice the "Brazzers" logo
I don't even...

You aren't sorry, you fucking love it.
I shan't deny again.
You didn't know what brazzers was before? Another innocent soul taken by the internet.
CANT.GET.OUT.OF.HEAD
"Living the American teen! Loads of photos! Sexy boys!"

I laughed way too much at that..
This looks like Dexter's kitchen.
that kid loves his trike too much
Were you watching reruns of OZ?
Thank you for this.
...and this is why Game Of Thrones doesn't have commercials!
I've been redditing all morning at work since its been really slow.. And this was my first laugh out loud of the day.  Thank you for making my morning.
misread the bottom and thought it said "colby".  i was like "no! not the poor dog again!"
I like watching porn with subtitles too!
He and I share names, which my friends and family think is hilarious, and  I hear "You're in time out, Leo!" about four times a day. .Fuck them.
COBY 2012. Nevar forget. 
I can't stand that kid in that commercial. Him and his stupid little fucking hair cut.
This made me laugh more than it should have
The kid is like, "Act like nothings happening and it will all go away."
What the hell were you watching?
Yessum sah!.A sexual mo'nin is a good mo'nin!
so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so 
So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So So 
So?
You just said "Yes ma'am sir", just so you know.
You can never love a trike ..  
No. 
And his creepy, reptilian side look when he's put in time out. <shiver>

Ikea porn

coby
[deleted]
No, it did not.
That's messed up man, a Coby tv?
What's the problem? It's just as good as a Sorny on Magnetbox.
Omg a coby tv, gtfo.
print screen and paste in paint or photoshop.

So I think you make a good point.
"Coby" a fake brand for "Sony"?
It's a "budget" brand. They've been around for a long time. 
I'm sorry you have a Coby t.v.
Ya...You take it hard...
Fuck....
So tight...
Alright guys! The bolt is now tight!
Anybody else want to jump into their tv and throw this kid out a window when this commercial comes on?
For us who don't watch TV, what commercial is this? 
I thought there was something physically wrong with him, so I withheld vocalizing my sheer disgust and hatred for this child. Thank you for the solidarity. Fuck Leo.
I think he must be the son or grandson of the producers of the commercial, they mistakenly think he is adorable.  The rest of the world sees his bizarre haircut, his psychotic expression and just get creeped out by him.
This turd of a kid gets put in "Time-Out" in the kitchen. Proceeds to slam drawers open, smash cabinet doors, drive his car into the cabinets, squirt the dog with a turkey baster...etc. its a commercial for some kind of cabinet that withstands abuse. 
Thanks! .Ugh, from your description, I hate that kid already! 
This is the only kid I have ever seen on a commercial that makes my backhand swat impulse itch. 
Coby... what a name for a TV
That reminds me of something
Colby. Never forget.
COBY 2012
Looks like a super budget Sony ripoff.
They make the absolute shittiest tablets ever.

That's right kid! Give that car the ride of its life!
Isn't there an ikea ad where a baby plays with a vibrator?
Yes: 
Oh, God. That joyful squeal.
Of course they would only air that commercial in Europe... .Also, 144p? What is this, resolution for ants? 
That was extremely unsettling. 


Captioning engineer here. That's hanging over my desk now.
:)
I estimate less than 24 hours before this appears on ..
24? I give it 2.
One time in high school, a few friends and I were watching tv and I had the audio sources switched accidently and on tv was a bunch of teenagers falling over "on drugs" for some reason into a skillet and the audio was a cooking channel going "all right just lay them flat and let them sizzle on that side for about 5 minutes".Maybe you had to be there.
Trust me, I would have loved to be there. 
What the fuck kind of show were you watching?
Game of thrones probably
He said it was The Tudors
Game of Thrones?
Funny how the book doesn't have all these sex scenes the show has...
It does have less sex scenes, but still some.
Yeah, but the book has lots of "detailed" sex scenes that are left out in the show or cannot be shown as easily as written (Hard to show that somebody is wet in a TV show) so I think the sexual scenes in the show aren't too exagerated for the atmosphere (the atmosphere in the show as well as in the books).

Dude, the countless, drawn-out scenes in Littlefinger's brothel are . important to the story. Really.
Yeah, OP what were you watching? You know.. For science..
Yeah...for science!
Now I know why my boyfriend claims that everything he does is in the name of science. 
That will either go very good or very bad for your boyfriend.

The Tudors on Hulu Plus
hbo with commercials?
With Hulu Plus, you can now pay a fee every month to watch TV shows without them taking out all those pesky commercials you love so much. Heck, we'll even throw commercials into shows that never had them to begin with!
Yup. There's a lot of sexual moaning in that documentary.
My roommate kept watching the The Tudors and I kept thinking he was watching crazy porn.  Went to watch for the screaming sex scene, stayed for the great show.
Documentary...if you think that's a documentary I have a whole list that will blow your mind.
Haha...yeah. Send me that list.
Go ahead, blow me.
That thing you did there, I saw it.
Let the [sexual moaning] commence!
Sexual... MOANNNNNIN baby! It's good for me! 
Aw come on guys, that wasn't that bad.
I was waiting for Cubeworld to download yesterday and got down to some serious Socrates style philosophy, but then I made a ranger and it was all better. 
PUNCHLINE!!! IN THE HEADLINE!!! CLOSE ENOUGH YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN, SPOILED THE JOKE!!!.LOL.
I normally just browse reddit while waiting for something to download.
Huh, I just jerk off.
How long was he waiting for the download to complete? Look like he put on weight by the last frame
Sadly, doesn't apply when there is a loading wheel instead od a progress bar.
This is tragically sad... I'm going to hope that this isn't true, and the website has been changed to show them as sold out as some kind of marketing ploy...
You've got to be fucking kidding me... and I thought I'd seen the limits of human stupidity.
As someone who is assigned to check badges on a 90+ F day, this describes my job exactly.  (I mean I only make $5/hr but still)
Any flight above 18,000 ft is required to be flown by instruments only. So most commercial flights are done with the pilots looking inside for the majority of the flight. 
Wi To Lo
Pilots still have to land though.
Fucking cancer. When does school start again? Did you get this in a fwd from your aunt? Why is this on the front page?
Who upvotes this garbage
I'm Ho Lee Fuk. I can verify. 
she also said you have to learn your times tables because you won't be carrying a calculator around in your pocket everywhere you go. HA!
ITT: lots of non-pilots who think they know the profession very well
Ach I hate how top comments on these types of posts are ." 
His name? Albert "gentlesir" Einstein.
And, I never, learned how to, use, commas.
By making her up in this meme. 
That person's third grade teacher forgot to teach them about punctuation.
My third grade teacher told me to stop reading and pay attention to the math stuff because I would need it in the future. So I handed her my book on chaos theory.

Airline pilots are getting paid now?
if you're staring out the window, who took this picture? because no one else is allowed in the cockpit of commercial flights post 9-11 - jus'sayin.
Well that explains crashes. Just sitting there looking.
The pilots name? Albert Einstein
Currently watching mayday in background...hmmm
That joke sure got old really fast. 
Tum Ting Wong.
My third grade teacher wrote "Incorrect shit" on one of my spelling test. Even though i made an 86 on it. Found out years later she was a cocaine addict.
Wow...no one has photoshopped the twin towers into this yet? .I'm kind of disappointed  
Any flight above FL180 must be done on a IFR flight plan, but doesn't mean they have to look inside. If flying in VMC then they will be looking outside 
Fair enough
I love how there was a similar photo posted in . and it got a good response, but over here it's regarded as something only grandparents would find funny. We're all just old dudes, I guess. :P
Ever taught a class of third graders? Being technically right is the least of their concerns..I taught a class of third graders for one hour once, it was a horrible experience. Third graders are brutal.
TEACHER SAID QUIT DOODLING, NOBODY IS GOING TO PAY YOU TO SIT THERE AND MAKE PICTURES ALL DAY. .I became a graphic artists
Sum Ting Wong..... is that you again?  
you should make a tv show, i would watch the pilot. .i guess your teacher was just plane wrong.
why?
What the third grade teacher didn't tell you is that "If you become a pilot and do nothing but stare out the window of the cockpit, you will come in tu lo for landing and bang the crap out of your plane causing lots of owies"
your third grade teacher sounds like a bitch. who tells a kid not to look out the window? there's a world of adventure out there!
I don't think you could really fly a 747 (or other large plane) just by using the window. That's why they have gauges and shit..Then again, when I did those bad ass flight simulations in an F15 Raptor at the Challenger Space Center, I didn't rely on my instruments except for the beeping of an incoming missile. And when I took off from Alameda, I went through the middle of the Golden Gate Bridge like a boss.
pilot here... this made my day :)
I was told growing up no one gets paid to watch tv...I now work in a tv station. Large part of my job includes monitoring our channels. So I pretty much get paid to watch tv
I hate all these damn posts lately that give flack to teachers and what not. Fucking hell I was a right little cunt. I'm so glad my English teacher put some effort into me so I walked away with a basic qualification. 
r/forwardsfromgrandma
My high school guidance counselor, an older woman I saw exactly . a few months before I graduated, asked me what classes I was interested in. "I like my guitar class" I replied. She followed that with "Oh, well playing guitar is just a hobby, though." I'm now in my fourth decade of being a professional guitarist, mostly self taught.  
To be fair, she would have been right in 99+% of cases. 
So? What a fucking dumb ass approach to a kid you'd never seen who - at the time - didn't seem to have anything else going on. She didn't have a TV? Hello! Roy Clark, Glen Campbell, the Tonight Show band? We had a guitar class . The first teacher, who I still keep up with, was and is a professional guitarist. There was a classical guitar program at our local university. Guitar programs were getting started or were already established in colleges all over the country, including the program at Berklee College of Music, which was not classical and where a lot of my future peers went. Would it have killed her to say "let me see what I can find out."?
I'm guessing her thought were more like "Oh, that sounds fun. Work isn't fun.".Important to note that nobody dreams of being a guidance counselor.
quote made me think of this one: "They laughed when I said I was going to be a comedian. Well, they're not laughing now." Bob Monkhouse
Same could be said for a truck driver.
Eat it. Mills.
 
who the hell tells a kid not to look out the window?
Repost 
Glad I wasn't the only one to notice. 
Shameless x-post from . without even acknowledging it. 
She was right. I ended up being a full-time peeping tom / voyeur. 
Watch out for cars if you fall out of a tree and into the middle of the road. Also, don't kiss your mother at the Enchantment Under the Sea. 
my 3rd grade teacher told my mom in a parent teacher conference that i had the type of personality to just go in a mcdonalds and shoot it up for no reason. and i showed him! atleast so far... 
Well, they still aren't paying you to stare out a window, they are paying you to fly a plane...
It's funny because autopilot!
TIL all pilots do is look out the window
After saying that, the teacher resumed staring out the window in her classroom, wondering what did she do with her life and if  anyone will ever love her.
That struck me as the beginning of a potentially powerful story. Hey, I'd read it..In one school I attended, each classroom had gargantuan windows extending all the way to the ceiling. They spanned the length of the entire room, and looked out on the beautiful, tree-lined yard..My teacher said the same thing about not being paid to look out windows. Joke's on her! I looked through them every day when my boss made me clean them.
Sounds like you had a horrible teacher who hated anything relating to the outdoors and nature and didn't want her students to enjoy nature. 
implying pilots don't have a shit ton of stuff to do while in the cockpit
That teacher was Albert Einstein. 
i have never heard a teacher say this
The real joke is that this content was posted here in the first place.
This comment is a PSA:.Please stop reporting this (or variations of this) image. Quite frankly, I am tired of seeing the same joke/image every few days on my front page.

This should be forwards from gramma shouldn't it?

I think it takes a lot of balls to be a pilot. The risk you take flying a plane that weighs tons, multiple times a day, everyday. 
Because we all remember what 3rd grade teachers said when telling us off
I'm a conductor on freight trains. We pretty much do the same thing if we're working road jobs.
For every child that some how make a living on 'just staring out a window' I'm sure there are hundreds where this advice is dead-on accurate.
Sounds like a terrible teacher
Showed that twat.
Other jobs requiring this skill. President of the United States. 
TIL all of reddit is a pilot. 
...and doctors just stare at a computer screen all day? 
This is spectacularly stupid. 
This must be the same teacher that said I needed to learn to show my math work because I wouldn't be carrying a calculator around in my pocket. 
TIL someone gives a shit about what their 3rd grade teacher said
My grade 3 teacher said I wouldn't always have a calculator in my pocket. My cell phone continues to prove her wrong.
Plot twist: OP not a pilot

What if she said this at flight school? .Comment Derected by 
M.Night.shamalamadingdong.
"No one will pay you to sit there and just stare out the window".You actually think a pilot sits there and . stares out the window.  That's what's funny here.
Korean pilots
My facebook is leaking again. 
Look, give teachers some props - It's stupidly hard to say the right thing every day regardless if your kids kept you awake all night or if you're on your period. 
They are there to give you new views on things. 
SSSSSSSSSSUUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRR VVVVVVVVVAAAAAAAAAAAAACCCCCCCCCAAAAAATTTTTTTTTIIIIIIIIIOOOOOOONNNNNNNNN
If thats all the pilot is going to do I'm not getting on the plane.
FWD: FWD; FWD: CC: FWD: RE: FWD: RE: FWD: Grandma Jokes
 
Sum Ting Wong here, that's all we do.
Igetthatreferencecaptainamerica.jpg
Good one, Grandpa!
My teacher told me I would need to know all the math I learnt from school. She was right, I'm an engineer.
I wish I could drive a train too :(
You don't decide to become an engineer, you wait for destiny to choo-choo-choose you.
Alright, I think it's time you take a brake.
This is an aviation thread... let's not get off-track.
No, mechanical engineer
ooh, a robot train

You mean .?
I was an engineer once. People started yelling at me for using a mini-sentry.. so I switched to scout.
This looks like one of those images my elderly father would send me as a Powerpoint attachment to an email. In 2004. All it's missing is the embedded audio file and the malware.
Aw dad, you shouldn't have
No really dad, my hard drive is fucked.  
This is the worst post I've seen on Reddit all day. 
Not even close to the 1,000th Confession Bear with the caption "I don't think all soldiers are heroes."  
I found a way to make it bearable.  .Replace the text in your mind with:."People kept telling me that I'd never find a job where I just drank all day.  .I sure showed them."
Worst post I've seen this summer. FTFY
I mean this is right out of the 5th grade classroom wall.
Also the most ignorant post. 
this same picture was just posted by "shit pilot's say"...a facebook page that is all pilots and pilot jokes. It really is not that ignorant.
I don't know that it's necessarily ignorant...  I've heard a number of pilots express boredom about long distance flying.
You get bored but its not like pure not doing anything. What you said makes zero sense
It is in fact pretty damned close to nothing for long periods of time.  Go consult a pro pilot, and come back when you have something valuable to add. 
My brother is a pilot.
I am part of an aircrew. I sit in the spot on the flight deck where this picture was taken. You are wrong. 
No need to lie.
Captain Sum Ting Wong
 
 . 


That window's name? Benjamin Franklin

technically, pilots do a hell of a lot more than just stare out the window
Technically, OP posted a fucking JOKE!
You'd be surprised brother.
yeah they have to taxi,take off, turn on the autopilot, and land.
if you don't know what you're talking about, dont make assumptions like that. We do a lot. 
Under normal conditions between take-off and landing the autopilot can be trusted to fly the plane. sure pilots may do other stuff, but they don't need to do much when it comes to terms of actually flying the plane as in hands on yolk.
They have to get up and pee once in a while.
I'm not sure there's any "technically" about it.
You could even go as far as to say that looking out of the window isn't even a top priority. The gauges and metres in the cockpit will tell you way more accurately.
Most big commercial plane pilots fly solely with instrument, you spend more time looking at screens then out windows 
Yep.. You also need too yell Allah Akbar
But they still stare out a window.  It doesn't say "No one will pay you to stare out the window, to the exclusion of all other activities".
And yet he probably makes less than the teacher did when he was in the 3rd grade.
Starting and landing the plane but in the air they don't do much.

No they dont? They mash buttons and kiss eachother while the computer does all the work. Idiots like you are the reason 9/11 happened 
you have absolutely no idea what you're talking about

So much more. 
What?!?!!!?!!? Really?!?!?!!? This is news to me!!!!
agreed, but trolling pilots on reddit is great fun. Pilots and CEs seem to be the more insecure professionals on reddit.
what a great person
They drink too
Can confirm. Am currently learning to fly.
We eat alot of snack mix 
He's a pilot, I trust him.
Though not as much as you might think. 80-90% of the trip is on autopilot, from takeoff to landing. 
depends on what you fly.. some planes dont even have autopilots.. 
Good luck finding a large commercial airliner now-a-days without it.
Large commercial airliner? No..But a lot of what's in the sky aren't Big Airbuses or Bowing 737s. In fact I'd probably say most planes in the air aren't..If you fly in one of . or . both of which are still commonly used by airlines . for outstations your pilot is doing 100% of the flying. .There is actually a whole class remote airports all over the U.S. that the government requires airlines to service. Those airlines get to these teeny little cities with these..It's pretty cool actually.
Sorry to be that guy, but *Boeing
No problem, I had a massive brain-fart with that one. I'll leave the mistake there though so your comment makes sense.
although this is true, it doesn't make flying easy. the public idea is that flying the plane is the only thing we do. There's a . to do in terms of managing systems, being ready for emergencies, and navigating through complex airpspace, etc. I used to think autopilot would make it easy. I have to say flight training was the most challenging thing I've ever done in my life.  It's extremely hard at times. And I'm not even an airline pilot, those guys are at an even higher level of perfection. 
Maybe you just wanna fly the plane yourself..Well good luck pressing Take Off, then Autopilot, then Land!
Its been proven that a civilian with little to no experience can fly a plane with just a bit of help from ground control. Instead of being so hostile, if you don't value my opinions or knowledge, just ignore me. 
Sorry, this was just an obscure quote from 30 Rock.   Didn't mean for it to be offensive.  
Ah, my apologies for taking it the wrong way then. Carry on. 
You should really find an experienced pilot and ask them what they think went wrong exactly with the Asiana flight. You'll find how complicated takeoffs and landings really are, and how easily something can go wrong. Yes, they do depend on automatic systems here and there, but it's so much more involved than that. 
The news has been saying the piloit turned off auto and that's why they crashed.
What went wrong with the Asiana flight like most modern airline crashes is when the pilot doesn't trust the automated systems and tries to take back manual control. The computer rarely ever goes wrong, it's almost always pilot error.
I believe I did say they do course corrections and monitor conditions/craft systems. They are prepared to get hands-on if needed, its why they're there. I'm just saying... And I don't know how many more times I'll have to.. Most (not all) of the flight is handled mostly (not entirely) by the avionics/FCC and autopilot. Pilot looks out window plenty = teacher wrong = joke relevant. But now this joke has become a dissected frog.
From what I've heard, it's Asiana policy to put the plane on manual thrust for the landing. But you're right, if it was on autothrust, they wouldn't have been able to go that low with such low airspeed, it would have forced the plane to ascend and into a missed approach. 
You have no idea what you're talking about. .Aircraft are almost entirely flown manually past the final approach fix to the runway. The use of automation in aviation is way overstated in the genral public. I promise you we just don't turn on autopilot and not fly the aircraft, sit back and relax. It doesn't happen that way. .What most likely happened with Asiana (we need to wait for the NTSB to publish their findings) was that the pilot flying (who was in training for the 777) accidentally turned off the autothrottle when he thought it was still on, thus pitched up expecting the autothrottle to compensate power to maintain airspeed. It didn't, because it wasn't clear that the autothrottle was off. .It was pilot error, but it had nothing to do with not trusting automated systems and trying to take manual controls. If the system wasn't automated (autothrottle to the ground) then this accident actually wouldn't have happened. .But don't let facts get in the way of you pretending to know what you're talking about when you obviously don't. 
I'm pretty sure takeoff and landing are the 10-20% portion of the trip that matter the most.  Probably why pilots get paid.
Even a lot of that is automated on modern airliners. After 100ft from takeoff most planes can autopilot from there. Pilot just monitors systems and makes adjustments to the plotted course as necessary. I think some planes can even handle the entire landing including much of the taxi once down.
Autoland is almost never, ever, ever used, unless the visibility is so far in the shitter that it's necessary.  Everything else is a manual landing.  Personally, I boot the a/p off somewhere before turning final, because watching the plane fly itself on a clear blue day gets boring real fast.
I can see that. I'd heard that it was more to the opposite, that pending high traffic it was almost always used.
I guess it depends on the pilot/airline/airports.
Here, a former flight attendant that many times landed in one of the cockpit's jumpseats..I usually witnessed takeoffs where the AP was on right after the gear was up. I also saw many times the A320 autoland feature. Once in Quito (very tricky approach) I saw the plane land completely automatic. Pilot only intervened to increase the breaks once on the runway in order to get a closer exit.
Nah you gotta get up to cruise altitude before you can go autopilot. You have to navigate around traffic and certain areas until you can get up into the airways, then you are clear to put it into autopilot. 
Uh, no.
You a pilot? Maybe not cruise altitude but you sure as hell don't go to autopilot at 100'. At least not in my plane you don't. 
Yeah, I am. Now, I'm not a commercial pilot and the dinky 152 I fly doesn't have autopilot. But I do have commercial pilot friends and I have read enough about airliners and how they are flown. Modern airliners you can basically set where you want to go and an altitude and turn it on as soon as you're gears-up. Not sure if that's a common practice, but you sure as heck don't need to be at cruise. .I know for a fact that a lot of approaches are flown with autopilot down to ~1000ft AGL or lower. You certainly don't need to be in the flight levels.
I can see traffic and obstructions being a counter, but provided you're clear of most traffic, isn't autopilot capable of and utilized for takeoff >100-500ft as well?
Yeah like I said cruise altitude was an exaggeration, but so is saying that you just kick on autopilot at 100feet. Flying into a busy airport like Chicago or Atlanta is a lot different than at a public airport. Too many planes all over the place, once you get within a certain distance you need to hand fly to avoid traffic. Or at least be actively engaged in flying and updating way points. Then again, my only experience is military flying and Afghanistan is different than flying commercial above the United States. We usually are busy up until 15,000' at which point we engage autopilot. 
Dude. A pilot has much to do much more than simply press the autopilot button. A large commercial airliner will have autopilot for sure. But being a pilot is not at all easy. And take off and landing is almost never done on autopilot..Source - Trainee Pilot
Just paruzing around Google, I'm reading the usual pilot time (hands touching something) for most flights is between 5-20 minutes depending on aircraft type and company/airport SOPs..Edit: and what you claim to be means no more than my google-fu around here.
ohh ya.. its just like pressing a few buttons to fly from New York to LA..A pilot has to do active radar monitoring and has to keep listening to ATC to make sure that his plane is not being called. Also, after every few minutes, autopilot needs to be check if it is following the flight plan and also monitor fuel burn rate. In long flights, there is a lot of changes that occur in weather so the pilot needs to listen to automated weather channels and make sure the flight plan is not intercepted by anything..Just because a pilot is not touching the instrument panel, doesn't mean he is not doing his job. 
Not saying he's twirling his thumbs either. Radar check? Look at the displays while doing the earlier mentioned 15minute checklist. Listen to the COMMs? You can stare out the window while you do that, so no problem there. Also, staring out the window could be to check weather conditions. All in all, its not like you're flying a fighter in real time, there is quite a bit of scenery enjoyment during the flight, proving teacher wrong.
Yeah but flying the plane isn't everything, there are plenty of things you need to check every 10-15 minutes.
It isnt that much of a stretch to say that said checks are pretty much "any flashing lights or guages counting seconds?" "Nope" "we still on course and have comms?" "Yup" "we're good, nice view up here, huh?". At least from my limited but educated understanding.
No....you clearly have no idea what you're talking about, so why express an opinion? Why is it that the most ignorant are always the loudest? 
Yes, they do monitor things to make sure everything is working correctly, but so does the flight computer. Where we need pilots the most is to ensure a safe take-off and landing, and in the event of an accident.
There's a lot of comm usage too. Staying on the right freq and monitoring ATC isn't exactly passive.
Yup, this is the biggest thing everyone seems to be forgetting. You have to change frequencies and check in with ATC very frequently. And that isn't just saying lhello", you have to change altimeter settings, ensure your flight path is clear and safe, and be able to read back pretty much anything they say to you.
Hence "limited" being a word of choice. I'm just defending the legitimacy of the joke. I don't know why that's such an issue. If you don't think I know enough to be a valid participant in the conversation then just ignore me.
No, you said 'limited but educated.' You are clearly not educated, at least not in anything even vaguely related. I don't think you lack knowledge, I know you lack knowledge. More worrying is your propensity to disregard that lack of knowledge and spout utter bullshit as you have many times in this thread. Why do it?
Educated enough to defend a joke. I won't bother with credentials. I still stand by my words regardless.
Things I've done this week:.Navigate around storms.Exterminate bugs that made the jet their home while it was in maintenance.Fix a minor plumbing problem in the aircraft lavatory sink.Serve catering to passengers.Load baggage.Help communicate with customs officials in Mexico so that a passengers dog wouldn't be quarantined.Track expenses.Calculate weight and balance and performance for each flight.Verify identification for each passenger to make sure they have been checked on the no fly list.Negotiate for better rates on large fuel purchases.Give flight deck tours to passengers after a flight.Troubleshoot electrical problems.Oh yeah, fly the airplane, taking off and landing using maximum performance due to short runways.Source: I am a charter pilot, which means we do a lot of things an airline pilot wouldn't have to. I wouldn't trade it for anything. I love the random nature of what we do and where we go, and having to improvise sometimes to get the job done. We do use the auto pilot, but letting it handle menial task of straight and level flight lets us think about things like navigating around weather, turbulence, or terrain. Sometimes we can get weather reports so that we can take advantage of winds aloft for better fuel burns. Sometimes, we do have some downtime to enjoy the view from our office.  .edit: learned to use the return key. Thanks Ploopie
[deleted]
really throwing that word around all willy-nilly aren't you.
Add return twice for line breaks.
did you stare out the window .?
Maybe a little... . 
Just try asking a pilot to break down what happened during a crash, why a plane went down, or a hairy landing they once had. It gets complicated very fast. 
It's usually a long chain of events that begins way before the accident. Professional pilots spend a lot of training time learning from those who have gone before us, unfortunately it is often in the form of accident reports. It's a fascinating but very serious form of study.
It really is fascinating. My dad has been a pilot for 30 odd years, so being able hear a play by play for why a certain plane went down never really gets old. And you're right, those training manuals, as they say, are often written in blood, so to speak. 
When I was younger, all I ever wanted to do on a plane was watch the clouds out the front/pilot windows. I love clouds. Each time I went on a flight (wasn't often), I'd try to muster up the courage to ask... but never could. .Then 9/11 happened... and now I'm pretty sure I will never be able to see the clouds out of the pilot's window. But thank's for this.
Here's a cool view of the US/Mexico border. We do get to see lots of nifty things. 
So awesome. Are you flying over the border, or crossing it? What sort of laws do you have to follow when you're doing that?
All of them! (Hahaha) Just the usual customs paperwork, preflight clearances, no fly list, meet customs officers on both ends. Sometimes they will just sign the paperwork and send us on our way, sometimes they go through the plane with dogs and a Geiger Counter. In flight, it's just a handoff from Mexican ATC to US ATC, and the usual jokes about dodging border drones.
Can we be friends and I can play co-pilot? I'm super nice.
Sure! Actually, if you want to play along at home, I occasionally  post stuff on twitter: @meisterspork 
What can I do to get me over my fear of flying? Seriously, I fly, but I'm fucking terrified every time. 
I wouldn't fly in a small charter plane.
[deleted]
Whenever I'm afraid, I stop being afraid and be awesome instead. 
True story
Pfft. Been there, done that.
Something like 90%+ of all crashes are pilot error. The plane won't just fall out of the sky and the pilot doesn't want to die any more than you do. You are safe. 
And the odds of surviving a crash are pretty good.
Hard, but keep in mind some people fly as much as you drive, or take the train or buss..Try to space out, listen to music, watch a movie, and generally just try to look at it as a different form of travel; not this big risky thing.
Because he'd probably freak out.
Sounds like a busy day, though a lot of that looks like preflight work. I'm just saying, even taking your word for experience, there's a pretty good chunk of the flight itself spent looking out the window, particularly on a long flight.
Some of that is preflight, but in the charter world, we do quite a bit of in flight customer service. Typically, I check on the passengers around once per hour, particularly if they are elderly. We aren't just checking to see if you need a coke- sometimes it's hard to tell by looking if the passengers are asleep or, uh, no longer with us. .The plumbing issues had to be dealt with in flight. It would be really annoying to have to divert for a bathroom break :) If it was on the ground, I'd definitely have called a mechanic!
I guess charter is more work for the pilots, but as I've probably never flown "charter", I can see that possibility. I, myself, have never once seen a pilot aside from a quick trip to the washroom, and even that was pre-9/11. Now I literally never see that door open.
True. I managed to take a picture in the pilots cabin area thingy when I was a kid. Great experience, nowadays you don't even see them when you're boarding. 
Here's the kicker: I'm in Canada... Never left here. Flights usually between Edmonton, Quebec, and Newfoundland.
Sadly, that's the new normal. How are we supposed to ask kids if they like Greek gladiator films through a bullet proof door? If we don't ask the terrorists win!.On business jets, there isn't a requirement for a closed and locked door, because there probably isn't a flight attendant. We get to take care of the folks in back. I actually enjoy that part of the job quite a bit.
If the door is always locked... How do you pee? Is there another bathroom in the cockpit? Weird question, I know...
They just open up a window an pee outside.
I bet. If a long drive in my car is anything to relate (which I doubt) going in the back to attend to passengers, a quick convo here and there, and just stretching the legs would be amazing.
It is. I hate sitting for more than two hours, so checking on the folks in back is a good reason to stretch.
Nah, there's a system for getting in and out of the cockpit to the front lav. 
The best thing I can tell you is that there is no way in hell that a pilot would get on an airplane knowing that it was unsafe. Every six months we go to training on how to handle all of the major emergencies, and have to pass a test on all of it. .I think of every passenger like my grandmother, who hated flying, but trusted me enough to get in a tiny Cessna with me. I try to carry you all where you need to go like I carried my son when he was an infant..What's left is your level of comfort with the idea of being in the air. I recommend listening to some really great music with really great headphones (great excuse to buy some noise canceling headphones) and think if it as the soundtrack to the movie you see out the window. Take along a great book or movie to pass the time, and definitely bring your own snacks. If all else fails, take an introductory flight lesson. Sometimes being in control changes your perspective on something that makes you uncomfortable. Check out 
My dad (pilot) gets peeved when mothers are all "Now you take extra care, my son is on this flight." He's like "Yeah, my mother's son is on this flight too."
As a pilot....I love that!
That is some awesome advice, thank you!
What an excellent response to a problem many people have. Have some gold..Personally, I love flying, but I always keep my ears out for any noise out of the ordinary and proceed to shit myself when I can't figure out why the noise occurred.
I agree with you on the music thing. On a slightly similar note, I remember taking a trans-Atlantic flight once, and they had those TV screens in the seat in front of you that had movies you could watch, and god damn did that help make the trip a whole lot easier.
The first time I flew Virgin Atlantic back in 2007 was a revelation to me..I felt like first class, even though I was only in lowly economy.
Whoa, gold! Thanks!
I know. Both of the flights I took (there and back) were about 8 hours, and  I probably watched four movies each time. It was wonderful.
Otherwise, any 5-year-old could be a pilot.
Actually I don't think there's a minimum age for a pilots permit..Correct me if I'm wrong.
You have to be 14 for a solo glider pilot. Then you work you're way up. I plan to get my gliders pilot license in March.
Awesome man. Ride those thermals!
I'm picturing a bunch of 2-year-olds staring out the window...
Wait, 5-year-olds can't be pilots? I'm going to have to rethink my business strategy for "KidAir" my upcoming discount domestic airline. 
"The Fung Wah of airlines"
You're such a kidder.
5 year olds can't fly planes because they are too busy posting to 
ftfy
This comment just flew over my head.
Are you kidding? It's plane as day.
His head was in the clouds
This thread is really taking off.
bang ding ow
[deleted]
[deleted]
You guys should stop before this flies off the hook.
Yeah it's jetting out of hand

That's because nobody is paying you to stare out the window all day.
You are so Wright Bro.
Ho Lee Fuk
Sum Ting Wong.
Wi Tu Lo man, wi tu lo!

On the Internet no one knows you're a dog.  
How did he put that stubbie holder on the beer!?
AMAZING!
Thanks!
LOL
Shit, with that face, she needs to see some Adventure Time!
Not sure if comment or burn. 
I forgot to include the fact that she prefaced this with "Look Dad, I'm Bender!"
You say impressive, I say stupid and dangerous as hell.
Hopefully this wasn't caught as they blew by you at 100 MPH?
big deal, you managed to drive while taking a picture with a potato 
So this is the reason why asians are bad drivers?
They threw that "type R" sticker on there to let you know it is Type Rice 
All this picture did was make me want to eat yakissoba
Sacramento?
What really gets me is he has honda rims on his Acura...
There the same company overseas 
Isn't Acura a Honda brand?
i thought you meant the Type R sticker on what is clearly a 4-dr GSR Integra...
Maybe she's holding up the plate for him? He has chopsticks in one hand and the other on the wheel. 
Is the guy in the backseat playing a violin?
Why would you say that? You think the DB8 Integra Type-R Sedan didn't exist? Do a little more research.
complete with 4 lug axles, left hand drive, and faded champ white paint?

To complete the list....possibly a jdm front, going by the sidemarkers, and not just 4 lug hubs, but those appear to be civic hx wheels to me. My money is on an ls sedan, jdm front (used) and spraybombed to attempt to match the paint.
Why is the thumbnail upside down?
yes that is sticky rice.
Asians are such bad drivers I'm starting to think that Pearl Harbor was just an accident.
They know how their people drive, so they build their cars to withstand the worst.
So.....a fender bender is your definition of "the worst?" Cuz anything more than that and any Japanese car is declared totaled.
Its all i could think of.
Hey look..Two people driving like fucking morons.
he was just preparing the next "bite" of fuel for his car.
That's a real '96 spec Intengra Type R four door. They were four lug, they were also available in 4 door. They were also only available in right hand drive which means that she is driving and he's just a passenger. 
I was thinking more like a LS integra 
with a spray painted front end
TIL there are 4 door Integras. (seriously somehow I'd never seen one, always coupes)
SoCal
I don't see any reason to think the car is in motion.
Left rim
Is this in America? She could be driving.
It is and he is driving!  Doesn't help that I took the photo while driving....
Still dangerous, but I am sure he AT LEAST has his knees against the wheel to keep it somewhat steady.
I'll be impressed when the car is driven with the chopsticks and he eats with his hands like a goddamn American. 
4 lug type r lol
haha i think i know exactly where this is at! 55 north just past the fairview bridge! i live a mile west of there
Tell em' what he has won Johnny!!!!! haha.  
I'm waiting for all the asian jokes.
Still waiting any takers
Is this the definition of a rice rocket?
it just has to be an integra type R too, doesn't it.
A S2000 would be sufficient brah. Dat v-tec.
Well as soon as I saw the type r badge it pretty well matched the "chopsticks" in your title. And I'm not being racist, they know how to choose cars
Hmm, never seen a 4 door, 4-lug Integra Type-R. Fucking fake badges for obviously fake cars is so stupid.
I was wondering if it was a stick shift? Make it even more of a challenge. 
Hmm google images says you aren't the guru you think you are.
there's a lottttt of fakes out there in America, you can buy the emblems and bumpers and stuff online, but in the end, you still just have your gsr..
Looks like he's on the highway, so unless there's traffic he should just be in 5th.
Sorry, never seen a LHD 4 door, 4-lug Integra Type-R in America. Better?
For "impressive," read "murderous."
This is not impressive, it's scary.
Yea, agrreed. Im assuming this is why asians tend to be looked at as bad drivers. Put your fucking chopsticks down and keep your hands on the wheel. Next were gonna see a vietnamese woman giving a manicure while driving and then maybe a chinese child assembling an iPhone or a pair of nike shoes. This shits dangerous man. Aside from the jokes, these are the kind of people that end lives driving a two ton death machine. In all reality asian drivers as an entirety aren't neccessarily lethal, however stupidy kills... Lots of people...
Ya, to be honest, I laughed first and then drove off thinking that is pretty crazy and I do not want to be anywhere near them.  
Looks like they are parked... at least to me. 
Nope, on the freeway in Cali.  Only way I can try and prove it is the call box in the background and the rims are blurry since they are moving.  I am no detective though.. 
I didn't doubt him, it just looks like they are parked with him eating that.  
Don't discredit yourself. Of course you are a detective 
I would not want to be near some jackass driver on the highway who was too busy snapping pictures of other drivers instead of keeping their eyes on the road.  
And to say nothing of OP driving and taking a picture with his cell.  How distracted is irrelevant, being distracted is being distracted.  OP could have just as easily gotten into an accident taking the picture..I'm not trying to berate OP, just putting out the point that we all drive poorly, asian or not.  I happen to be asian and drive better than most of my non asian friends..Lastly, that particular asian is an arse who helps perpetuate said stereotypes.  Damn idiot.
Agreed, I realized it just as wrong of me to take the photo but I just had to take it for the record.  Please accept my apology...I thank you.
Wasn't looking for an apology.   I agree that the driver was an idiot.  Just saying that we all do our fair share of silliness.   Myself included.  Apologies for making you feel it necessary to apologize. Good day, sir.
Big deal.. I could crash a car while eating too.
Well the thing is after the Alamo massacre, we fucked Mexico up. 
I'm usually not the biggest fan of that guy, but fuck that's pretty funny
Yup. Caught those bitches sleeping.

I like Ellen and see her as a real role model; she accepts who she is, uses humor to get her message across and seems to try and be a generally good person.  
I tried to restore the... ..
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
What the fuck did I just look at?!
Faygo wherever he goes
Like a moth to the flame!
Best.Comment.Ever.
I agree. Must be a genius!
Dat...tongue?
I think it's called a foot.
Super creepy
That Dalmatian in the back does not feel the same way you do about the situation. He seems quite smitten. 
I guess dalmatians are the perverts of the dog world. 
Bitches.
I'll buy me a box of those. 
I need some of that for my ex-wife.
No you didn't
She's hot
Oh buddy, you better hope you find some "I'm sorry babe" spray....that glare 0_0
Repost. Saw this on Facebook.
Makayla?
Doesnt look like the spray is working.
I'm glad we've called out OP for the repost, but let's not ignore the fact that the content also sucks.
Well... did it work? 
its great to be single.
I have seen this picture way too many times
Nope, you didn't.
Does it make the bitch appear?  If so, I'm on my way!
Did someone order a .?.
Not my work, all completely stolen. Thanks!
My family used to breed and show dogs, so we always had a ton of plaques laying around that said stuff like "Chestnut - Best Bitch"...and a ton of photos of my mom and grandmom smiling while holding them up.
R-R-R-Repost!
I don't understand why everybody is calling the lady a bitch...
The classic "i am not a bitch" bitchy face
It's not like you couldn't have easily presented the joke/picture without making up a scenario that most would immediately call you out on.
Didn't know they sold reposts at the pet store.
I'm calling shenanigans.
When you say "pet shop", you mean "the internet" right?
I usually find reposts at the grocery store..Of course, I haven't been to the pet store in a while.
 .Edit: I know I found this gif in this thread, but it had to be done again because it's just too damned funny.
repost
You mean you went to . Facebook, found this picture, then reposted it?
LIAR!
RE-RE-RE-REPOST!
From that look, you'll need more than that.
Take her home she's cute 
You went to the re post pile and found this? Nice.
Does it work?
That girl is a gymnast.  The bitchy resting face, muscular arms, and flapjacks are a dead giveaway.
Now keep that face while I take a picture with the can in view. It'll be funny and reddit will love it over and over again. 
No you didn't. Fuck you.
You need a bigger can....
i say someone takes him to .. I saw him admit to finding this and reposting it under a false title. Moments later he deleted the comment though.

she is really hot
And found.... A REPOST!
Downvote the post thief!
I went to the front page and found this repost.
TIL OP is a faggot.
TIL reposts are sold in pet shops
No you didn't.
I am so tired of seeing reposts.
Oh man, I'm drowning from the amount of white knights and douchebags present in this topic.
I bought a skeet blanket, then I bought a knee board.
A women?
Plot twist: He brought his laptop to the pet shop and found the picture on reddit while he was there...
Ik a girl who looks exactly like her and repost
hang on a fucking minute, that's an ex of mine. she posted it years ago on fb
Although this is a repost, I like to look at it now & again because the girl is really cute.
If you don't want her anymore I'll take her.
OP is 
Looks like it's working. Unless it's supposed to remove bitch. The can doesn't make that clear.
I don't think you found this repost at the pet shop.
He must have meant that he found this picture at the pet shop.
What is the "Dog Loo"?
just one spray and she turns into a total bitch...  do it and see.
she needs to learn to part her hair in a straight line. it should be easy with those dark ass roots
This was already posted 

See how much you're laughing midway through sex tonight when she reaches behind the pillow, pulls out the can and maces you in the face. Who's the bitch now, Bitch?
Doesn't matter, had sex.
It doesn't look like it works. But how is it supposed to 'work', anyways?
Im confused. Why was this at the pet store and not in the feminine hygene dept?
Sure someone has said it but i did not see it  so here goes " i would spray her!!! " dum dum dum duuuum.
Follow up: did it work?
She needs a dye job
Go post to . nao

It's super effective.
Downvote this faggot to oblivion!!!
No worries. She has a can of "Sleeping on the Couch" spray to counter.

More like classic "are you fucking kidding me?" face. 
You're welcome.

[deleted]
Funny, when this was posted 9 months ago a . got 107 upvotes. Goodluck to you.
It would be very funny if, instead of raining confetti, someone photo shopped it to look like it was raining millions of tiny downvotes.
unfortunately my photoshop skills aren't yet at that level. But I'm working on it.
they gotta be dicks
so . says so shall it be.
for fuck's sake you guys, it was posted nine months ago. That's a perfectly fine "cooldown" time for a repost.
The cooldown doesn't apply when the OP claims to have taken the photo and didn't. 
true, however my girlfriend doesn't like someone else claiming to have taken this photo
What is that wrist band you're wearing?
How much was she, and are they planning on stocking them regularly?
[deleted]
"I went to the pet shop, and found this"
He found it while at Petsmart. Totally legit, tight?
OP Ur a faggot, and the woman with u is a trompet
You don't have to go to a pet store to find a bitch.
You could do with some of that yourself, OP..EDIT: I spelt faggot wrong.
OP, you are the Jeffree Starr of OPs.
it's not working, she still looks pretty bitchy
Oh, I bet you were there the other 20 times this was posted too.
did it work?
I swear I know her. Not on gw, but it counts!
i think i know her
SRS is currently punching the walls and chewing on the carpet.
I'd spray that bitch too!
LOL
Perhaps, we get aforementioned spray and apply to OP?
You liar! This is a repost down with op!!
Typical case of bitchy resting face.
it's the skunk lines
Looks like you went to the repost store you faggot. 
Looks like you need 2 cans there buddy.
Looks like you need . there, 
Has you name ever worked out for you? 
.  Someone PM'd this to me last week.
wut
_
Well what can you expect from reddit haha.
Lucky bastard
Nope
God, I hate you the most today, OP.  Even more than the people who . use their blinkers during my drive to work.
What about that guy who pulls out in front of you and immediately slows down to ten miles below speed limit?
Or the big rig drivers who drive the same speed 3 wide on a 4 lane highway at commute time while also meandering ever so slightly into your lane. God I hate big rig drivers.
Oh that guy's out to get you too?!  What a dick.  He usually catches up with me on my ride home - always jamming traffic on the Q Bridge at 5pm.  
Edit: Dude... I didn't know that sub was real...
No you didn't 
Doesn't matter, ...What?  You've never played Bioshock, . watched Game Of Thrones?  UNIQUE!
No, no he didn't. But a friend of his...
And you could imagine what it would be like if he did
NO YELLING ON THE BUS! 
Who would steal 50 sack lunches?
I'll tell you who took those lunches, that damn sasquatch.
Is anybody listening?
Really OP? Did you now? 
Not OP, RP.
 
YES, I have it upvoted. OP is a confirmed bundle of sticks. 
More like a bundle of dicks!
BUSTED!
So... we need to downvote all their stuff now right?
Thanks for saving me a job, OP and photo taker and partner of the girl in .edit due to downvotes, here i am > 
Why?


Top comments from the last time this was posted:.[]RexArcana 347 points 9 months ago (454|107).I was going to make the typical reddit comment sexualizing this underage girl, but instead I'll take the high road and just say, "Ugh. Look at those roots. I declare that dye job unfabulous.".[]chuck_ 168 points 9 months ago* (222|54).Did someone order a crappy face swap .[]toclafane 107 points 9 months ago (158|51).[]Reddit_III 49 points 9 months ago (68|19).What does the actual spray do though?.[]im_zewalrus 33 points 9 months ago (51|18).aaaaaaannnnnnnnnd someone isn't getting laid tonight.[]Lettuce_Get_Weird 28 points 9 months ago (38|10).
From what I can gather, it's used to cover up canine pheromones?
No reviews yet. Somebody buy this and let me know.

/r/Im14AndCallingPeopleFaggotIsStillFunny  .Edit: I get downvoted, and the idiot posting the tired "haha I said faggot" gif gets upvoted. Maybe Reddit will grow up someday.
Dude, stop being such a faggot.
You're truly a hero to the people.
At least he isn't a faggot
I like your style. No homo.
All of you need to grow up
WAIT...IS OP A FAGGOT?
Indeed he is young lad. Good of you to notice.

Unheard of

No, just jokes/stories work better when told in the first person.

I second you! OP is defninitely a faggot!
THEN WHY DOES THIS TWAT HAVE OVER 700 UPVOTES? Fuck, its like im taking crazy pills.
95% of the time.  

This comment's score: 1.Reason for score:.mathius123's overall score: 1. mathius123's overall rank: 122 ..

When is he not?
OP is a faggot until proven innocent.
Survey says? Never!
Compu'er says no...
Little britain 
I feel like we need a photoshop master to create a Family Feud gif of this exact thing
I guess you can say they are always searching for the booty.

This is majestic. .Relevant:  
What's that thing on it's collar?
An electric fence shock collar. It stops him from running away since they don't have fences.
That's what I was afraid of. Poor guy, it explains the expression. 
Derpin' like a cute boss!
Reminds me of ., lol.
Yes, your "girlfriend"
I believe OP spelled "mom" wrong :/
She's real I swear on my karma's life..
I'm watching my lab partners dissect a worm and my mouth is watering from these comments ha!
Autism.
lol where did you take him on your bus?
I've been watching Jim Carrey movies since i was tiny.  This is SO cool
Could someone give us a faceswap of the kid on the lower right!  What a red faced fanboy!
Wow, I didn't know the Hollywood elite slummed it at fast food joints like some sort of commoner.
Jim Carrey. The Legend.
At first glance I thought the kid on the far left was Clark Duke. 
That's pretty cool.
You think hes chubbing up and doing his hair like that In Preperation for the new dumb and dumber?
looks like everybody has eye cancer
PART Y? Because I gotta. (Sorry, I can't tell you how many times my brother made me watch that movie...) 
Somebody . photoshop the faces of one of the two guys at the front onto everybody else. I need this.
i had to look at the comments to see who the person was. It does not look like Jim Carrey
So cool Jim Carrey plays in your HS team...
Ah yes. Carrey is one of those people who age backwards. Or has reached max level.
Well...the winners are still the other team, you just got to meet Jim Carey. 
Who in the right mind down votes this. This is sick as fuck, most famous person I've met is Shania Twain, LMAO at Webers in Orillia, Ontario
That's one of the best uses of star power I've seen.  Carey's use of his fame here really did something good.  Thanks, Jim.
pretty sure it is the other team
One ugly baseball team.
He's so awesome
I feel like this should have been more 
i don't get it what does 7 or 8 have to do with anything?
Jim Carrey is one of those people who I can just look at and start cracking up.
That's some Canadian shit right there

Ignoring the three dudes in the front, this looks like the set of "Attack of the Teen Clones," starring some guy we've never heard of.
excuse me flo?
Pewdiepie? Disgusting! 
Man was getting his burger on.
I'm pretty sure that half of them are demons 
I'm the most jealous person on reddit right now.
Oh, OK..When you said "BK," I thought you meant NASCAR champ Brad Keselowski.  Because that's totally something that Brad would do, too.
On a side note.  Burger King, atleast around here has .50cent ice cream cones. The ice cream is really rich and creamy, which was unexpected.
Am I the only one not shocked this team lost at basketball?
I hate you all....
All this time I've thought this was a basketball team
The color of these jerseys is bluuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu.... Green!
Is he wearing capris?
5+2+1 is 8. 8+15 is 23...
I thought it was Daryl from Walking Dead.
Well of course you lost. Look at all these white people.
judging by the eyes of everyone behind him, your highschool appears to be possessed.
xpost'd to 
BK? I'm British..

i might be drunk. but i dont get it.
Now if he'd only stop campaigning against vaccinations, he'd be a superhero. Crossin ma fingers.
lu-who-se-hers!
Funny guy, but his career has just gone downhill like crazy.

Why was he in the bus?
Damn Jim's wig is fucked.
This is why I love reddit. Also way to be such a cool guy Jim
Matt Damon is such a nice guy!
Pennridge?!
This guy is a hero, always smiling.
I think he should have more gray hair at this age.
So is he saying that this team is now the winners because they got to take a photo with him? What a fucking arrogant thing to say. 
I didn't get all of the vaccine references till I googled it, this was the first result. 
Yes, probably not the best source.  But Carrey and his wife actually are largely responsible for creating a legitimate health hazard due to beliefs which are entirely based on evidence which is conclusively proven to be falsified.
i assumed we had to be vaccinated against him.  i'd be pleased with that treatment

your high school team plays in the middle of summer? either you dont live in america or somebody is lyinggggg
James Carey seems like a real cool guy in person 
Why is that guy so little?
LO-HO-SE-HER!
Why is Jim Carrey at a BK?

What's he doing in your bus?
what a chiller. 

Jim Carrey is awesome. He's probably done some shit that I don't know about, but I've seen that weird Emma Stone video and I still think the guy is incredible. Maybe a little crazy, but most comedic geniuses are. I would not mind if his career was revived in some way

Holy fuck. Couldn't even recognize him.
Big Gulps, huh?  All right.
Its still the people who won the game Jim. It is still them.
8
Edit:  9, and possibly 10
Did he say what he was doing in a BK in Iowa?
Everyone in that picture looks really fucking happy. Awesome. 
Well now if I don't meet a famous person the next time I'm at a Burger King I'm going to feel disappointed.
i hope he drove the bus 
Is that Jim Car.. Yeah I guess it is! WOW!
The pure joy on everybody's faces!!
Those cones are on sale right now for 50 cents, a deal not even ignored by Jim Carrey himself!
Is anyone gonna say anything about the two kids in the front?
Winners in my book.
He grew a moustache?
Tucker Carlson?  Ewww.
fukin funny.
No doubt!  I like this story!
I am consistently amazed by how old American students look. You guys could all pass for 25 here.
B E A utiful
i can smell the sweat from all the way over here
The reason he was in Iowa was to learn Transcendental Meditation in Fairfield, Iowa. Pretty nifty.
YEAH BETCH
I don't get it,,,are we laughing at tweedle dee and tweedle dum?
Totally thought it was Chris raab as in raab himself! 
What Bk?
I first read that as basketball and wondered why there were fat white dudes on the team. It would at least explain why they lost
Far lower right. Can someone please face swap that? 

"Just when I thought the day couldn't get any worse...IT TOTALLY REDEEMED ITSELF!!"
I see at least 4 different faces that should be face swapped in this photo.
The other team are still the only winners since their bus does not have a giant smelly douche of an asshole standing in the middle of it. JC is a piece of shit, that is all. 

You probably love gun murders eh ?
It must be a great feeling to be able to make someone's day like that.
Jim Carrey, wearing a Uniqlo t-shirt. Sweet. 
You should recruit some black guys. 
First, awkward video love monologue to Emma Stone, now trolling Burger King for the high school basketball team.  The van down by the river is truly not far away.
I hate it when people post "ran into this guy" and don't tell you who the guy is.

What an nonathletic-looking team
It's mildly disturbing because of the glare in everyone's eyes.
This is my school... This is my school... My worthless, tiny, middle of nowhere, Iowa School... Now I need to figure out who . is...
Probably James Posey?
Your entire basketball team is white kids? No wonder you lost.
idiot. it's a baseball team!

It's a baseball team..And even if it were a basketball team... it's in fucking 
Still not your team.
More to the point, we can all see why your team didn't win.
Can somebody please face swap bottom right corner boy on everybody?

That's where Robert Downey Jr.  decided to quit drugs.
Apparently, Jim needs to come to the same realization.
Of course they lost its a bunch of white guys.

Why can't reddit worship Jim Carrey? At least he's funny and enjoyable. Nicholas Cage is just soo boring and akward.

After the picture was taken, Jim Carrey called the press and told them he would be distancing himself away from the team, because of how violent Baseball is. 
I still haven't forgiven you Jim Carrey!
No wonder you lost, I don't see a single black guy on your team.
Fuck jim carey, fucking hypocrite.

Awesome. I miss Jim Carrey. It's kind of hard to accept him looking old without the help of makeup. Still, love him. :)
The other team. The other team is the winner. 
What a nice guy.
Big gulps huh?
cant someone faceswap the two guys in the front? with the other guys!
Oh.my.god. that is....freakingggg awesome!!
Alrighty then.
Guy really doesn't look too bad for being over 50. I barely recognized him. 
My high school baseball team lost a lot. When do I get Jim Carrey on MY bus? Well, I guess I need to be in high schiik for starters...
Baseball team.... Is that what we call the debate team now
but... it's July
Jim Carrey is pretty badass. Watch him sing "I am the Walrus" it's pretty incredible. Canadians are awesome.
He is a good lookin' 51 year old
That's a pretty special feeling Harry.
I just realized there is no more chicken fries thanks to this post lol
Anybody else notice that Jim's rocking some Jesus Sandals on the bus??
Holy shit... Jim Carrey is a Van Buren Boy!
Pick em up!!! Mock, si!
Why is he on your bus?
Is it just me, or does the dude with the bandana look like he's bandaged up after being castrated?
7
I can tell you why you lost...
Ya'll motherfuckers look happy as shit to see him. =D
They're still the winners
It's that Mr. Popper?!
ITT: Heart Disease
The kid on the left omg, so shiny
I thought it was John Bon Jovi.
Horse meat for everybuddy! Winning!
Yeah.. Jim Carey is wearing shants.
should have asked him to make the most annoying sound in world :/...failbus.
lo-whoo-ser-er
Are you in a bus? You caught the bus with Jim Carey.  I still don't get the title. 
Who is that?
Is he throwing up the Minivan?
Remember when we got kicked out of biology for playing with Matchbox cars?.Who's retarded now?!
Pepperidge Farm Remembers
Isn't James Posey a basketball player?
Jim is doing a Bruce Almighty reference there.
EVIL winners, you mean...
No wonder you lost. I don't see a single black dude on that bus.
If anyone hasn't guessed this yet, I think the 7 fingers he is holding up is a reference to 

The other team is still the winners.
The vampires in the back row look like they're about to eat everyone. 
Losers whine about taking a picture with Jim Carrey. Winners go home and fuck the prom queen.
Did anybody tell him they enjoy marksmanship for sport, just to watch him get pissy?

Please someone put the kid's face on the left in the foreground on to everybody's.. Please pls pls

Couldn't understand the title for some reason and thought the post was about how everyone in that pic looked like a chupacabra 
yeah I love dwight schrute too :D!
is he excited about Kick Ass 2?

Awesome.
Oh reheHEHEEEEALLLY?
If I got bk for losing I would suck too
There are 23 fingers up in this photo. 
something something bottom right
NOT SURE IF JIM CARREY.
...OR KEVIN BACON

Came here for the faceswaps using the kids at the front.
i dont see one dominican or general hispanic....no wonder yall lost
I don't find him remotely funny anymore.
I just want to know how you got him to come on the bus with you.
Where was this at? I'm headed to Toronto tomorrow and want to meet a Canadian celebrity.
Its nice to see Jim was still in good spirits at the end of his shift..
You guys lost? DM;JC.
WHAT DO THE FINGERS MEAN, MASON?
Le-hou-sa-hers!
I love the look of pure jubilation on the faces of the two guys on the bottom, especially on the right 
I am so happy I am not 14/15 anymore. Damn, that is one bus full of awkward.
ALRIGHTY THEN!
Wearing capris and getting a vanilla ice cream cone from BK. I expect nothing less.
JEALOUSY OVERLOAD
How long until the guy on the left in the glasses gets photoshopped into something?.He looks just right for shopping
The claw!!!!!

The kid in the top right looks like he's up to no good. 

Jim Carrey? That guy against child vaccination? Great.
Always easy to spot a celebrity looking for positive PR after making an ass of himself. 

Are you suggesting that he was hanging around Burger King waiting for a youth sports team to appear?
why is he holding up 7 fingers?
Maybe their team lost 7-1?
Laces out Dan!

I repeat: price check on Vagiclean, aisle five. That's Vagiclean.
welll.... Technically the other team are still the winners...
"Up to no good" as in "might murder everyone there"
I didn't realize until something until this moment. Apparently, in my head, Jim Carrey and Bill Hader look alike. I can't tell if my glasses or dirty or what, but...damn.
I was pretty sure that that was Trevor Moore.
He was hungry? Celebs need to eat, too. :)
If you lose then your team is not supposed to go out anywhere. You pack up and go home to reflect on the shame you have brought down on your families.
And further reflect on how lucky you are that you don't have to commit ritual suicide or have your body beaten bloody by Uday Hussein.
Heh...Uday

lmao. jesus. I would shit everywhere.
Lolwut?
"Hey man is that Jim Carey?"."Oh crap dude you're right,hold on I gotta take shit in that corner"
Not in the corner. Everywhere.
You gotta start somewhere...
[deleted]

Neat. 

Well, looks like I'm pulling an all-nighter.
don't be a pussy
Jim Carrey used to be the shit. Then of course he and his bimbo of a wife became rampant anti-vaxxers, with him going so far as to write an op-ed claiming 'the jury is still out on vaccines,' because you know, comedic actors are pretty much the same as biologists. And more recently in light of Sandy Hook he decided he was against violence in movies, etc. It was somewhere in there that he lost any credibility as being anything other than a funny face on an otherwise confused and misleading head..RIP Lloyd Christmas 
You know he plays colonel Stars and Stripes in kickass 2?
And he publicly condemned the movie as well (after he already got paid). Carey is such a douchebag.
Carrey has already said he regretted making that film. 


I do! It wasn't long thereafter that he denounced violence in media.
I now hate all of you. Jim Carrey is my idol. It's my dream to meet him. 

One of my favorite persons growing up. I don't know what I woulda done without Ace Ventura and the Mask lol

That dude on the bottom right... That was my facial reaction when I saw my first pair of boobs.

Of course they lost. They're isn't a single black guy in there.

You mean hispanic guy? This is baseball after all.

This is baseball, not football. 

I'm surprised you went with football instead of basketball

Burger King won

If going to Burger King increases my chances of meeting Jim Carrey by even 0.04%, guess I'm getting a Whopper tonight.....and hopefully those cinnamon dippers, if they serve them all day.  God those things are fantastic.

Somebody photoshop that bottom right guy's face on everyone else.

Yeah this picture has serious face-swapping potential, bottom right and left are needed asap.
I came here for this.
There's a zombie sitting down on the left
 is definitely the creepiest.
I was more concerned with the guy in the top right corner. 


Makes me think of that comment in another thread where white eyes instead of red eyes in a photo means they could have a certain (illness? Disorder?), although I think they said that it only happens for young kids (you never know though....) .EDIT: .EDIT 2: actually, pretty sure this isn't it since most people in the photo have it 
Soon
Winter is coming.
quick before he turn!
Why is he holding up 7 fingers?
He's holding up 7 fingers and the kid next to him is holding up 1. Could be that the baseball team lost their game 7-1?
he OP's team got beaten 7-1 in a baseball game earlier in the day. 

He's probably stating the record of the team. 5-2-1  5 wins, 2 loses, and 1 tie. The guy on the left of him was holding up one finger. Also 5-2-1 isn't a bad record for 8 games.
Bruce Almighty reference
7th place I'm the division? 
Yes you are.
Yeah well I'm the conference. 
State here. Suck it
olympics here. suck all these balls
5K Walkathon here... :(

it's a joke from Bruce Almighty 

As someone who's never seen Bruce Almighty this doesn't explain why they are doing this in this picture.



I'm Bruce Nolan for eye witness news. Back to you, 
You rock my socks.
All that sweat. That has to be one nasty smelling bus.

eew! sports!
There's a family I know that has three sons, all of whom played (or I suppose still play) hockey. There was an entire room just for their gear and their bags..It stank like nothing I've ever smelled, and I've worked as a Janitor.
Trust me, the equipment and leg pads (funky stank encrusted and permeated as they are) smell far, far worse than mere sweat and BO alone.

Side note, any tips for getting that stench out? I've got some malodorous sparring gear and I'm not sure it's machine washable.
vinegar, after a few hours it smells like absolutely nothing..bi carb soda is good as well

If theres one thing I learned from American pie its put your jock strap in the dishwasher for cleanliness. ;)
Febreeze Sport works wonders for me, as for how to wash the crust out it depends on the gear. What do you have? And what materials are present?

Glove dogs for boxing gloves. But as with all gear, once they get the stink its staying. When you eventually get new stuff be sure to just toss it in the garage with your gear bag open. 

Urgh. Thank goodness I was on swim team, at our very worst we smelled like chlorine. 
Is it weird that I love the smell of chlorine? 

yeah, chlorine is like my natural scent now xD

That feeling when you lick your skin and the smell of chlorine wafts up into the air, even though it's been hours since you've been in the pool and have showered since... .I almost miss it. Almost. 

Honestly swimming is like abuse. You look back on it fondly, but then you get in the pool for a 500 and you just want to sit in the shower and cry.
Nah, man. 500s? Yes, please. I was a lot better at endurance than I was at sprints. The worst that happens is you get bored. .Also yeah, licking your skin to smell the chlorine. Normal thing to do, I swear. 

I've never licked my skin before but okay. 



I like how nonchalantly he said that. Like it's something we all do everyday like brushing your teeth.

I've only had photoshop for 20 minutes, so here's my best attempt.
props!

omg! unidan of sharks!! :D
It looks like Jim Carey's left hand is holding that kid's face over Jim's face. Sort of like a mask.

Bad Luck Bus
Looks he's trying to pull it off. But we all know that's pretty difficult with The Mask.
Now someone do it with the guy on the left.
I remember you!!.Did you know that thresher sharks use their tails against schools of fish? They knock multitudes of fish unconscious with a single whip of it, and it's a very effective predatory strategy for schooling fish.
do they eat them after?

Ahh this made waking up sick worth it!


wow that looks great!
B-e-a-utiful.
This just made my night, hahahaha.
(thanks! :) )
Lesson: Bad photoshopping makes content funnier x 7.35

A little bit of column A and a little bit of column B.
Upvoted because a flatmate I had is the only person who I've ever known to say this phrase..Never heard it said by anyone else../obscurestory

But... rows...

I would give you a solid C+..Keep at it kid you have potential.

Why not a solid C++?

Best i can do is C#

cout<<"Har Har";
<< std::endl;.Always flush the buffer brah
Hold up..Jim Carrey was in "23"....He's holding up 7 fingers....23/7 is 3 if you round....I think I might be on to something here.

Hm. Maybe some sort of measurement of some sort. Like in chemistry... but it's the third in a series of them. 
Oh shit!  Atomic Mass 3?
There were 23 people in BK at the time. Coincidence?

Such an underrated movie and a great example of a usually funny actor in a dark role.
Seriously?  I thought it was a dreadful movie..

I bet that whole world not ending in 2012 thing set him back a few clicks.

2013.2+0 = 2.1*3 = 3.23

2012.
20 + 1 + 2.
20 + 3.
23



I was gonna leave a half-life 3 comment, but then I saw the other multiple people who had that idea....

23 points 23 minutes ago. wtf
23+23=46.64 points 2 hours ago.... Um....


23 - 20 = 3.Half-life 3 Confirmed guys.



Time?

Half Life 3 Confirmed. 
He's right.!  I did the math and it adds up.

Yay subtle joke ruined!
Hey. He set you up the joke, and you take all his karma?.This isn't right. Make 50 accounts to upvote him and downvote yourself. 

That's how reddit is..Worse, if you try to make a subtle joke, someone will respond making the joke more obvious and get all the karma. Reddit is like that friend that loudly yells the quiet joke you just told to everyone in the room and gets all the laughs. 

The other team and kids that get vaccines?

Whats all this about vaccines?
When he was with Jenny McCarthy he spoke against vaccines.

jenny mccarthy believes vaccines give you autism.  jim carrey dated jenny mccarthy for a bit.

Do you know what his stance is now that they are no longer together?
And he also joined her in rallies against vaccines, speaking out publicly against them himself.
I'd say some crazy shit to bed Jenny McCarthy too.  Just sayin'.  "Science?  Oh no, baby, that's all garbage.  Now let's dispense with all this dirty talk and get down to the frisky."

Yes. 10/10 he would drill that again.
Therefore it's safe to assume that Jim Carrey gives you autism. 

The transitive property is math, so it must be true!
He only said that after hooking up with Jenny. Worth it.

There are probably dead children because of their protesting.  I think thats taking "doesnt matter,  had sex"  a little too far. 

DM;KC

I would deny the Holocaust for the right woman.

whoaaa, easy there tigerrrr

I'm not sure I'd go that far but I'd say the moon landing was a hoax for her.
No way!...That's great!...We've landed on the Moon!!!!

I'd totally go "9/11 was an inside job." for a week.

Go 2-for-1 and say the government crashed Columbia into the WTC.
I'm not sure there's anyone worth impressing that much.
In what fucked up version of reality is Jenny McCarthy the right woman?
I'll just leave this 

I miss 1994.
let me tell you about 1994. it was years before these women would turn hideous:.yasmine bleeth;
pamela anderson;
jenny mccarthy;
kelly kapowski (the college years) 

Looks like everything's in order here.
 for those of you who are interested.
What the hell? Do they always have hidden bunnies?
Yep, every single issue.
Really? TIL. FFS. I don't read it and definitely don't look at the cover, but that's kinda cool..Soft core doesn't do it for me, and I can't bring myself to buy a magazine at the store or get them in the mail.
Physically she's attractive but she's also willfully ignorant and refuses to acknowledge information given to her by actual medical professionals.  I think it would be a . bad idea to enter a serious relationship with.  

Nah, I can't bullshit for long enough to bed a dumbass. She'd start spewing her swill and I'd just leave. Being pretty does not make you special.
I think society would disagree with you.
She's doesn't even look that good. She's hot, but not beautiful. 


Still though, people are willing to accept bullshit because of how she looks.
classic 90s ho. 
She looks like a realdoll

I don't want to enter a relationship with her, I just want to enter her.
slooooooowly...?
Mother of airbrush 


HEYOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
That's Jim Carrey if you cannot tell.Edit: . is a second picture if you need more proof.
Jim's a winner for getting that 50 cent ice cream cone.
Truly thought it was Mark Wahlberg.  
Was he acting with unparalleled intensity?  Like the way . acts with animals?.Simply, he's a one-note actor... but .....he really makes it count.
good guy OP offers more proof
AWESOME!!!!!
That's what I was hoping but wasn't sure.  Damn right you're the fuckin winners now.
Gotta love those $0.50 ice cream cones. I want one now.



Well he wasn't wearing any sort of hat? 
Holy shit, it's James Posey. I miss you on the Celtics.

And the knee high socks. 
Yeah, Posey was pretty special for the Celts -- and I'll go as far as saying that without Posey, the Celtics wouldn't have won the ring.
I can agree with that. I still think that Leon Powe had more to do with that series than most remember.

True.  .I'm a USC fan (and Laker fan) and watched a lot of Powe dominating when he was playing at Berkeley.  I remember thinking, "this kid is going to kill it at the next level."  Unfortunately, he dropped to the 2nd round because he was 2 freaking inches too short for a PF, even though he dominated in college by making up for his height with intensity and anticipation.  He was one of my favorite non-USC college players, so I followed him in the NBA..And yeah, he was huge for the Celtics.  So, he crushed my USC Trojans in college, and he dominated my Lakers as a pro (in the Gm2 win, he had 21 pts in 15 mins).  Throughout the series, he really held down the fort when KG was out. .It's a shame that Powe got injured so much, because the talent was there; in his last healthy season, which was with BOS, he averaged 15.4 points, 9.8 boards per 35 minutes (7.7ppg, 4.9 rpg, 17.5 min/game).

Oh, wow, he looks so different in the first picture..I was like...okay...random shady looking dude.
Was this BK in Fairfield, Iowa by any chance? 

I totally thought that was Trevor Moore at first.
Also thought it was Trevor Moore. I'm glad I've been validated.
You peed on my ipod shuffle? You're such a stupid bitch. 
Holy cow, he's looking good. Last time I saw a picture of him I thought, "Eh, has not aged well" but in these he's damn attractive.

Yeah. He was in Fairfield today. One of my friends is from there and someone texted her about it this afternoon. Not entirely sure why he was there...

A few celebs have come to Fairfield in the past to practice transcendental meditation. That's really the only reason I can think of for him to be here.  
Tonight, on Carrey Watch! 

He learned Transcendental Meditation there which is basically the only thing to do in Fairfield, Iowa.
That's what I call Stop and Go traffic!
Stop! Go! No, STOP!
What an interesting day you had
It's all downhill from here.
Five years ago, I began reading the series suspiciously, expecting to encounter a barrage of subversive, anti-Christian propaganda. Id read plenty of books about the occultism of the series, and heard all the anti-Potter arguments. I was pleasantly surprised to find out that Id been mistaken: the books were adventure stories in the style of Roald Dahl, with a layer of fairy-tale magic added on. I devoured the first six volumes, read the seventh book as soon as it came out, and moved on to other things. This past summer, I took the time to revisit the series from a more critical standpoint. The first time I read the books, I did so primarily for entertainment. The second time around, I was specifically looking for themes  and more specifically, I intended to write this commentary. This will necessarily be a fairly long discussion  after a brief summary of the series, this commentary will explore the three predominant motifs in the seven books before responding to a few of the foremost anti-Potter objections.
This would be expected but unfortunately around here apparently dysfunctional lights means you are allowed to speed through the intersection. Driving during power outages isn't fun. 
Years of red light, green light will finally pay off
More like stop or go traffic. 
This is no place for your homework. 
Source: 
As someone who works with all dudes, I understand this excitement.
Fake. That text was edited in there. 

that's a weird deadlift grip
Dem arms...
What's with the socks?
Bro, do you even shave?
Is that the Discovery Museum in Acton?!?!?!?!?!?!
tri-CERA-tops..
I loved that place as a kid!!! Am I crazy for remembering something about lobster traps? That sounds like a terrible premise for a children's toy but I loved it. 
Yup. :)
I love that place you lucky bastard!!!!!!!!!!!!! It's the best!!!! Do you still have that thing where you get to stand inside a giant soap bubble??????
Yeah, although it got replaced a year or two ago and the new one doesn't work nearly as well as the old one did. :c
Boooooooo.... so how is it? I haven't been in a while, as I don't have kids and I think going around it alone would be a tad on the creepy side.
Haha, maybe just a little. :P It's still pretty fun. If you remember the Rainbow Room, that just got redone and replaced with a room all about air and wind. The light up slide got taken out, which is kind of a bummer, but you can stick things in pipes and watch them woosh around all over, so that's pretty neat. Aside from that there haven't been any major changes in years (1993, I wanna say?), so depending on when you last went that much probably hasn't changed.
I remember it being awesome, and one of the few non-history museums being close enough to go to on a regular basis. That, and it has the dinosaur =)
The dinosaur is definitely the best part. Especially when she's also Michael Cera.
Indeed... I think there might actually be a picture of me + my brother on that dinosaur from years and years ago
I remember lobster traps at some museum... I can't quite remember which one though. I don't know why it's a bad toy for kids... try to escape can keep them occupied for hours =)
Nope, you aren't crazy! There is a lobster trap in the ship themed room, filled up with a couple of stuffed lobsters.
It would have been interesting to post this in . but I can't seem to find it...
Stalking does not mean hiding... In fact the person stalking usually makes sure their victim sees them.
Damn , the guy with his cumbox would be jealous .. 
So much pee in that pool.
but.. but your wasting perfectly good beer!!
Why does this remind me of Strange Brew, eh?
Am I the only one that thinks this doesn't sound very pleasant. 
No... No you aren't... .... They aren't... You know... Drinking THAT beer are they? 
No math needed, the guy is selling $200 hot dogs!
Every job they offer you's to keep you off the dole.
more like, 90 years of killing erections.
 in all its glory.
We got a regular old Amelia Badelia over here.

The lady at the bakery did not want to write it and it made our mom cry. 
Thank you spudlime. He is home safe now, it would be in bad taste to post this before knowing the outcome. 
Not sure if I would go that route. To each..
I wish your brother godspeed and that he returns to your family safely.
I will take a 2014 Corvette Stingray, I'll meet you in the local Walmart parking lot to pick up the tickets, and I'm $500,000 in debt at age 19, I'm an attractive female, don't question it.
You would crash it in 3 days and end up blowing somebody much older for medical bills. 
Nope, because I will be dating her son and showing him all kinds of new positions. Of course his family and mother with the money to do so will help me with medical bills :)
Wow. Your kid sucks... I'm sorry. That's a horrible, horrible pun. 
Whoop that ass.
Actually, she is my sister. I enjoyed the pun though. My mother came out and asked her what she was doing on the floor and she said 'vroom' Then ran to the couch and laid in the same position. 
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
I'm sure there's a Pokemon Bubble joke here...
I've had worse... Flipped over the front of a bike then landed on the edge of a picnic table....
I think he's lion to them
Checks voicemail...  You are NOT the father!
Hides in sewers to avoid detection. Drives around in over the top van.
That dog looks.( _).( _)>-.(_).inbred.
All the better to loaf around on.
Did you only have $20 in yo' pocket?
That took me longer to get than I care to admit. I was thinking "but Superman is spelt correctly"..
Spuderman
At least they only made 339 of them
I want this soo bad.for real like I want to buy this right now
I remember seeing a post of war time lighters with such things as " cigarettes are only second to Nazis of things I like to light up" and "If I had a farm in vietnam and a home in hell I'd sell my farm and go home" But if I'm honest if I was a smoking military man I would own a lighter like this. 
It took me way too long to figure out the typo. 
For the slow ones like me: it's Spider Man...
Yay for slow people!
 too long for me, too. An embarrassing amount of time. I tried to find text in the little cars in the background...
Yep, I definitely stretched the picture and was analyzing everything..
I kept looking at the 'product' on the bottom. 
For those who don't get it: What is the name of the character depicted on the lighter?
What is Peter Parker?
I'm gonna go out on a limb and say that this wasn't made in Bradford, PA.
Well to be fair, he is pretty super...
I was about to close the file thinking it was the hyphen between super and man...
At first I was like: FALSE!  That's the correct way to spell Super-Man!
*Two typos
For split second i thought he shot his thumb out of his wrist instead of web...it was his foot.
Penis
It's called ..  I've had one for about 5 years.  The knives are shit and I've had one of the plastic blade shields break off but I still think it's my favorite item in the whole house.
Must have lost his internet.
That is what I call commitment.
*Here are
"This isn't what it looks like" Assuming contractions still count as 1
I want to know why that cat has the 1000 yard stare
I imagine a barbed cat penis is hard to engineer a condom for.
I actually loled. 
There goes my childhood. :(
OH man I don't envy that dude.
First [fixed] I actually laughed at.
[deleted]
Ernie is looking pretty guilty.
haha, great photo! Deffo thumbs up!
 . . . 15h before this post by . (fixed by .). 
Match is 100% correct, thank you Original-Finder.
That was my comment on the one posted a couple days ago. 
Actually 15 hours prior to the fixed post (18 hours at the time of your posting here).
Yeah, there were a couple of comments on there about a condom.  Was my first thought when I saw the pic, just couldn't resist fixing it and reposting.
well, it is the same side... the outside..
I remember watching that live..I guess her bra thingy started to come undone. Then afterwards Martin Short realized he was on the wrong side and was angry at himself 
I would be angry at myself too.
When I'm trying to carry all the replacement cartons of smokes for the following day.

whoops, my bad ;)
That is me trying to refill the refrigerator with water bottles 
As a child watching Cinderella I always really wanted to eat what ever it is he is carrying. There is something about cartoon food that always looks so damn delicious.
I very fit and trim friend got pregnant, looking quite weird with the big belly, with her gym t-shirts stretched tight. We called her Gus-Gus.
true story, he is carrying kernels of corn which make it so adorable. In terms of the cartoon food I always wanted to make a pie like SnowWhite with birds trimming off the edges :)
The library should just set up private viewing booths. 
With tissue boxes.
If they allow looking at porn, they are inviting masturbation. It is really up to the library to make sure it is not done in view of others.
and lubricants.
Pops is just trying to get his crank on! Fully torqued!!!!
Just let the old man watch some poontang in peace! 
Why is sex and love a tabu when war and hate is not? Would anybody have complianed if it was videos of western forces bombing the shit out of taliban? Or even if he was watching hatefull and racist shit on the kkk or west babtist homepage? Im pretty sure the answer is no. But what do i know.
I would have complained, the same way I did about the porn. I myself don't care much being an adult. However, to children, yes sex should be a tabu till they come of age to know. I'd be equally infuriated if they were subjected to hateful and racist material.
Yeah, cmon. What's wrong with kids watching anal creampies in 'Ass Explosions 5'? 
It's pc etiquette 101. Don't look at other people's screens. .But yes. You are kind of right.
It also helps if you've got Page and Bonham backing you up.
i'd like to imagine jonesy watching with a cup of tea.
Autobots roll out!
MORE!!!!! I WANT MORE!!
This is the inspiration behind Turbo the movie
you bet me to it sir....up vote for you
Upvoted purely because of Rudy.
He's a sweatheart.  What's funny is how many people will read that as sweetheart.
I hate reading old magazines like that..
Just seeing Adobe CS4 made me cringe.
Real nice, but not exactly funny...
In the circumstances, any kind of "push" when you're not sat on the pot is a gamble.
today actually is my birthday! ladies....
it totally is!!! I saw him driving down the PA turnpike maybe 2 months ago. I was doing 80 and couldn't get a picture
Philly's 76-202 Merge. WooHoo!
Dad is that you?!?!? 
Good eye !
Eh, I'd probably do it.
My birthday used to be every day, but then I took a Zimmerman to the knee!...#dontflimflamthezimzam
i was thinking about doing that today..today is actually my b-day 
Look how shitty PennDOT filled in that pothole...

Free leg check.....70' ahead..-Sticker on the 53' trailer of my friends 18 wheeler
Unless they are passing him from behind, I don't see this working out too well.
He probably didn't even put it there. Someone probably put it on the back so he wouldn't notice
Its my incredibly useless superpower. I can identify any section of the schuylkill expressway. 
I'm waiting for a scumbag Steve to post this on LifeHacks with a subtext of doing it on non-cake days...Suddenly I am wondering if I should just Confession Bear myself because I thought of that..Nevermind "Fuck it" Bill Murray...
"Every day" is an adverbial phrase denoting that something happens on a daily basis, whereas "everyday" is an adjective that means something is commonplace or unsurprising.

My man.
This doesnt work.
Shouldve been in ..
Finally, childbirth is getting more direct.
Eh, I think it's a little of wtf and funny. I don't get it, they complain of reposts. They complain of bad posts....WE DON'T ALL HAVE CATS, OK??
What is this earth human humor you speak of?

D..did anyone else cross their legs?
Shouldnt this go on  r/wtf ?
"Category."  hehe, newb..They're called keywords, 
Someone get a hold of Ace and Gary, we found their .... whatever that is.
Just looking at that makes me feel claustrofobic as fuck
So that's how gay couples have babies...
Is it .? ehhhh.....+) Kid coming out of a tube that kinda looks like a penis.
-) but it's blue, and it doesn't look much like a penis.
-) and nothing else is going on.
-) and the title doesn't indicate there is any kind of . inside  .thus, periwinkle
"Flogged".  Nice.  I see what you did there.  
Second time they're all doing this. 
No. Just... no. More like . 
That's where I posted it the other day.  I thought it was fitting there too.  Clearly, you and I are in the minority.
Level 99: Kidney Stone
It's just dumb
I don't know, I'd probably have a better chance with the near-sighted girl.
Hopefully she's nearsighted enough not to realize this is a repost.
The illumination joke is because of the belief that people go to India to achieve illumination or self discovery, then at the vertex of illumination you obtain the power to float or levitate. Theres a video explaining how indian monks or wtv its called levitates on youtube, but im on my phone and unable to provide it right now

Enlightenment would be a more fitting word then illumination.
I see them everywhere.
I guess you didnt catch ninjaface in the background.
Haha I love ninjas! I also love robots, pirates and zombies! BTW when the zombie Apocalypse comes you want to be around me. Even though I'm a girl I'm an expert on the zombie survival guide. And I'm an awesome shot in CoD XD
Repost
The illumination ninja look more Asian than the others
Mythical ninjas wear black and hide. They are not invisible. Sick of this crap. Real ninjas blended in by dressing like everyone else.
Real ninjas pretty much . everyone else, since they arose from oppressed farming communities, which is why their weapons tended to be adapted from farming tools.
I love this by 
Useless knowledge! Ninjas never actually wore black, but instead mostly dark reds or blues. The misconception comes from kabuki theater, which employed on-stage assistants donned in all black to signify they were to be ignored while moving around the stage. In certain plays, characters would be killed by 'ninjas', which were often assistants holding a sword, thus popular representation of ninjas had them wearing black.
Which actually flows with this nicely.  The "ninjas" in the pictures are, of course, supposed to be ignored.  These aren't ninja at all!  These are kabuki stagehands!
I approve of this message. 
I also approve of this message.
I, too, approve of this message..Oh, wait, it was a username joke. 

Its the sprinkler one that make me giggle. 
Thanks for letting us know.
just had to Google "illumination" to make sure I wasn't missing something.  Thankfully I'm not the dumb fuck I was suddenly panicing that I might be ... Surely it should be levitation on that last one?  Unless she is changing a light bulb.
The camouflage thing bothers me even more. If camouflaging yourself in Ninjas would make someone invisible then that would defeat the whole purpose of the comic.
I was confused too.I think that's the definition they meant.
Illuminati, as in summoning the dark lord to gey obama reelected for a third term
I thought they meant enlightenment.
I was thinking they meant "enlightenment".
No, it wouldn't.
So you are saying, that if I cloak myself in something you can't see, you don't see me either? 
It depends on the reason you can't see the ninja.  If it's because they are transparent, then you have a point.  .If, instead, it's because they either bend light around themselves (and chosen items like their weapons, clothing, or you), or if it's because they can reflect light that perfectly mimics what's behind them, or if it's because for some reason you are unable to look at them (they perfectly distract would-be viewers), or a number of other explanations, the comic stands.."Illumination" still doesn't make sense to me though.
Illumination as in enlightenment, she's doing the whole meditation while floating thing 
For gods sakes! Have some imagination OP, we have seen this too many times now!
[deleted]
Welcome to the Internet. 
extreme pizza maker. 
While this is a repost and the OP should burn in a fire, I've always wondered how they got the picture of the "Gay Waiter" - what is holding him up?.Also, Extreme.
Good lord, please stop reposting this
Extreme repost.
EXTREME! Fucking extreme motherfucker!
I identify as an atheist, and I removed that subreddit years ago.  I couldn't take it. 
Haha I don't remember seeing this comic strip setup before.  I love the Xzibit sunglasses third panel.
upvote for you good sir, for reviving one of my favorite memes
Damnit, I was using the abundant amount of atheistic posts to notice rather I was logged in or not
It is still there.
I'm so glad that stain is gone!
Atheism really is the easiest religion to troll.
Atheism isn't a religion. It's the absence of one.
Lost faith in the faithless... Kinda severed them right they just picked one religions instead of ignoring them
Is anyone going to point out that he has two pairs of sunglasses in the 3rd frame?
sub that bored me as an atheist.
I always assumed they left that as a default sub to encourage people to make an account solely to unsubscribe from it. 
Why is he putting on sunglasses if he's already wearing them in the third frame? Or am I missing something

I always thought most of the default subreddits were chosen so you will register to unsubscribe from them.
Deal with it
This is a piss-poor pun.  You should be punished in a punitentiary. 
and thats why it is a perfect representation of CSI Miami
Same, my point was they disappear once I'm logged in ;)
Ummm... .Is someone going to tell OP?...............
OP, you are a faggot, a big fat faggot! 
But faith is... that's the opposite... pfeh.
Faith pertains to the belief in a view, such as the belief that there is no such thing as God. And then logging on reddit to post idiotic memes about christians saying dumb things.
Apparently you've never read a comment thread in ., where it has to be repeated over and over and over to people laboring under that delusion, that atheists don't believe in a lack of a God, they just don't have any belief in God.  Atheism is a belief in the same way that "off" is a TV channel..That's got nothing to do with "faith."  And just because you don't like the content there - I mean, fuck, the OP image is a dumb thing making fun of other people.  There's nothing wrong with any of that.  You're just an ass.
But then why doth thou buttocks pain thee so verily?
I think he does have some clear misunderstandings about what atheism is. Atheism is characterized by an absence of belief in the existence of gods. This absence of belief generally comes about either through deliberate choice, or from an inherent inability to believe religious teachings which seem literally incredible. It is not a lack of belief born out of simple ignorance of religious teachings..Some atheists go beyond a mere absence of belief in gods: they actively believe that particular gods, or all gods, do not exist. Just lacking belief in Gods is often referred to as the "weak atheist" position; whereas believing that gods do not (or cannot) exist is known as "strong atheism."
Regarding people who have never been exposed to the concept of 'god': Whether they are 'atheists' or not is a matter of debate. Since you're unlikely to meet anyone who has never encountered religion, it's not a very important debate....It is important, however, to note the difference between the strong and weak atheist positions. "Weak atheism" is simple skepticism; disbelief in the existence of God. "Strong atheism" is an explicitly held belief that God does not exist. Please do not fall into the trap of assuming that all atheists are "strong atheists." There is a qualitative difference in the "strong" and "weak" positions; it's not just a matter of degree..Some atheists believe in the nonexistence of all Gods; others limit their atheism to specific Gods, such as the Christian God, rather than making flat-out denials. Most "weak atheists" could safely label themselves "agnostic atheist". That is, lacking belief of God/gods without claiming specific personal knowledge about whether they do exist or not.
Very eloquent, on topic, and neutral. Here is an up-vote.
But if atheism is removed as a default subreddit wouldn't that imply that Reddit has found it's faith?
"Has evolved away the trait"
Or something, i forgot/lost interest..Happy 21st to my babe in 33 minutes!
Not the way reddit does it, it isn't.
That'll do pig, that'll do.
Poor dudes look ridiculously grumpy
Wrong sub. Try ..
Hahahahahaha!!! SO FUNNY!!!
Pepperidge Farms remembers.
Instead of helping the man, the camera person decided to take a photo? Dick Move.
The camera man is a horrible person, fuck spiders 
Elder... Come on!
Fake.  His head isn't even denting the pillow.."Frank, I dare you to pretend you're sleeping next to it!"
.. funny how no one has thought the spider is fake. Prolly a friend pranking him when he wakes with a rubber spider
If its not photoshopped then its probably a pet, either way it won't bite him unless he tries to kill it.
This is as old as the internet.
Did you know you ate 8 spiders a year in your sleep... 
That wasn't in my sleep.
For some reason, I used to eat spiders when I was really young. Still no super powers!
They eat you not you eat them... God can't you even follow your comic history right. This is why when you took a bath in Beta radiation you just got cancer instead of gaining hulk strength.
I know that Spider-man got bit by a spider... and that mayor West got Lymphoma from rolling in toxic wastes.
I was going off of the Gamma bomb that turned Bruce into the Hulk calling it a Beta Bath. Instead of Adam West. 
"Go go go die" - thanks, sir, but I think I'll skip that.
Is passing out a thing these days? 
You need new people to hang out with.
And this, gentlemen, is why personal grooming is a must. It saves considerable pain should this ever occur.
You need new friends.
Think about pulling the ones on the dick off.
OPs reaction to waking up:.This is fucked up! Wait a second I can get a fuck load of karma for this! Thank you reddit for making embarrassment a reward!
I would've used something like Goo-Gone. Also, bet you won't do that again. 
I just took the time to up-vote everyone because of the hilarity of this conversation
i would be kicking some serious ass after getting that sorted.
I don't know if he's gonna be able to move his legs enough when he gets that off
I say...go au naturale.  Too many people are masking their true appearance.
I'm sure Lady Gaga has already worn that. She'll know how to remove it. 
I would think you just have to take a shower.  It doesn't look waterproof.
I'm pretty sure, no matter how drunk/ fucked up I got, I would never participate in the undressing, fondling, and taping of any of my buddies' gibblets. It does not sound like a fun or entertaining experience for either party. Even watching his reaction the next morning, doesn't seem worth the effort. But maybe I'm a shitty friend.
I can see how slapping duct tape all over someone's hairy legs or back would be funny. To undress someone and plaster it all over their genitals is a bit... excessive to say the least.
It's like you passed out in a hornet's nest of assholes.
Hornet Assholes.
Asshorns
So, I've got to know, was this done by your friends or by some random Asshorns?
Both.
I mean there were some friends there, ass well as these weird people
Don't pass out with your shoes on
Fucking white people, why do you do this shit.
So...what you are saying is that while you sleep over at your friends house you all sleep naked?
Your friend is gonna have to go to Saturday detention for that. But it's cool, he'll meet some new friends and kiss that weird girl with dandruff. 
Well his friend did tape his buns together
Be thankful, you got a free waxing.
That would be the most inconvenient way to wake up after a night of drinking, and all you want to do is pee.
Go sit in a jacuzzi for an hour.
Looks like masking tape, which isn't very sticky and it's easy to peel off skin..Source: Used it on my boobs in lieu of tit tape.
What in the world is tit tape? When would you ever need to tape a tit?
Tape to hold you tits as if you're wearing a bra but aren't. Good for dresses of certain cuts, e.g .. A bra cutting through the centre of that looks terrible.
Bras are expensive.

rule number one, never EVER pass out around white people. 
If you had pubes, you probably don't anymore.
It was one of the more painful things I've ever had to remove
it's things like this that make me glad my junk is on the inside.
Painfull stuff gets stuck to you regularly?
So somehow your friends removed your pants and covered you with tape without waking you? They would've had to pick you up multiple times to get it under you..Either you are lying, or you need to man up and handle your liquor. 
On the sack too?
I forgot to mention that I woke up on my back with my knees in the air like I had been sitting. It took great effort to stand in a normal position..Plus, What the fuck is tit-tape?
So basically it's like a cast your friends made out of masking tape, let's hope you've had a lot of experience removing bandaids before.. how long did it take to come off if I may ask?
I timed it, 27 minutes, eyes watering, and bitching the entire time.
Longest part was the balls
Fuckin scrotums eh....Don't you think its weird how your friends fondled your junk while you were unconscious? unless they were female...which is still kinda weird but slightly less.. homo
Someone bring this man the David Chappelle link again
I just saw it. It explained a lot
I'd feel bad for you, but you obviously can't handle your alcohol.
With friends like these...
"Friends"
We just wanted to save him from boredom...
Let's go with that
Especially there 
That's sadistic 
No, that was the odd thing, my clothes waist down were on the roof outside
Your friends...they know how to party.
Look at it this way, that pesky lower body hair you wanted to get rid of will be gone for free. 
ouch
Take a bath....
I was thinking exactly the same thing... Just seems like it'd make sense!
You're lucky it wasn't duct tape.  That shit will pull your skin off with it.  Masking tape should be annoying but leave your skin intact. 
He was statutory taped. 
[x] Things that happened
[  ] This
Obligatory link from Dave Chappelle. .at 1:10
My work computer doesn't have audio, so I tried to watch it with CC.  It did not make any sense.
I was given a VHS tape (typing VHS feels weird) as a gift about N.Tesla. I search high and low, ask my parents, grandparents, cousins, brother, sister and neighbor. Everyone looked at me funny. This was less then a year ago.
God my childhood. I approve.
In ye olden days we had film projectors and film strips.
What, no laserdisc player? Go home.
I see what she did there lol
I feel like there's a subliminal message here... 
eating cat that's disgusting and illegal in some states. 
Lol I know right?
lol
"If it fits, I si- OH GOD THAT'S HOT"
No one who "txted" girlfriend who write girlfriend. A person who "txted" would txt they're gf. 
You either have no gf or you never txted to begin with. 
Oh the lies!
re read, still make no sense?
You should think about getting a smaller phone.
Holy crap is that the new iPan?!?! How did you get one before Christmas season? 
 Bought it in Turkey.
Perfect for eggs 
Is that the new fryphone?
Wait... if you didn't look at the size, how do you know it was the biggest of them?.I smell a rat.
You should probably eat less anyway.
wow your phone must be gigantic! 
Hey those are nice pans.FOR ME TO GROUPON
At least you'll be able to properly cook your phone.
If OP is a female then ignore the second half of this comment...
forever alone
In their defense the Iphone 5 is much bigger than its predecessors. 
That's not a 5
I was being sarcastic. 
What is this? A pan for ants?!
Perfect for that one egg omelet. 
the concoctions of breakfast eggs I could make in there would be delightful.  easy clean up too 
are these pans for ants??
Beat me to it. 
otter boxes are big cases
I also hate when I can't fry my phone because pan is too small....
I have one of these little things.
YOU TOO FAT, EAT LESS- little asian women.
Oh cool, a pan that doubles as an iPhone case; must be a tie in with Instagram.
That would be really convenient for eggs and stuff. Mostly eggs.
groupon really fucks you over... really got to be careful what you get
You know; some of us MIGHT be interested in looking at the smallest pan. 
For all of our failed attempts in the past, this is one of those situations where OP best deliver. 
Twist: They're all the same size.
Twist Twist: its an iPad dressed up like an iPhone. 
I'm so sorry but in a fit of shame I already mailed them back...the smallest what about the width of an egg and half an iPhone high
I wasn't aware the egg and iPhone had become a unit of measurement. ."Daddy how far away is the moon?"."About 127,000 iphones, 5eggs son.".:P
Did the math, the moon is 2.956 billion Iphones away. Give or take an egg
Up(vote) the Irons!
CDs blazed and sacred chants were phrased.
The only good place for that cd
Zimbabwe.

The whole memory blackout thing post drinking is total bullshit..It's just an excuse for idiots to do whatever they want and then say to your friends "dude, what happened last night?" just to have a cheap laugh..The only time you forget what happens from drinking too much is when you puke and then go to sleep because you drank too fucking much
Guys lets go easy on this fellow, he obviously never had a drink in his life.
Does anyone actually find this show funny?.It relies on tropes of what some writers . nerds are like, and a teenage audience that find someone's generic interpretation of nerds to be utterly hilarious..How many seasons can a show squeeze out of "I'm a nerd that wears glasses and reads comic books that dates a hot girl which is so unbelievable because I'm a nerd that wears glasses and comic books, oh, and my friend isn't particularly keen on social interaction, also I read comic books"?.Drivel. Bad television..So of course it's doing spectacularly well in the ratings..
Well, some people know how to difference reality from fiction and enjoy simple humor. The show don't pretend to be anything else beside what it is, that don't make it a bad show, you just don't like that kind of show.
Wat
Just listening to the voice of the guy on the bottom makes me want to puke.   and when you combine his voice with the lame words that come out of his mouth  BLEEHHHHHHHHHHHHHK
You need to drink a whole bottle of anything.
Bazoople!


I think it's fucking hilarious people sink in that much time to hate a tv show. Children.
So do they, that's the whole point..It's a amazing you put yourself above them when you clearly missed the point.
OH GOD SOMEONE PUT SOME IRONY BLINKERS UP I'M GETTING CONFUSED
How I miss drinking...
It was brave of you to post this in such a dangerous land, for that you have my upvote. 
The best character on this show by far is penny's boobs
Hey guys! Look at me! I'm popular because I hate a show that everyone else supposedly hates on!
Bazinga!
baboopza
This post is going to do just grrrreat.

Yay! Yet another unfunny moment from that horrible show.
Bozongles!
ITT: Big Bang Theory is the worst show ever. 
And still I bet, most of those people expressing their hate would laugh their asses off if the same joke came up in another context. .Like Whose Line Is It Anyway or something.
you might have gone full retard there
Sentence 3 directly contradicts sentences 1 and 2.


I hate that show with the white hot heat of 1000 suns
Agreed. It's so bad it makes me want to sob and wonder why the Mulaney show was never picked up. Why.
fucking terrible
Come on let OP think he is on the vanguard of ideas.
Anyone who can't distinguish between appropriate jokes and inappropriate jokes hasn't visited . 
Smartest thing he ever said.
well said, Mr Scott. Well said
this is true: laughing is the response to breaking our perception of what should be expected.
_(  )_/
But that's like...not true at all. 
I don't know, what about this joke?


Gervais! All the way!.Michael Scott? I think not!
So inappropriate.
I could swear it was . what he said.
Why are my eyes and contacts so dry all the time?
You know what they say if you sit a girl down in a chair and her feet don't reach the floor?
You cut the fuckin legs off 
Making her shorter will give her more reach?.Why does she need to reach the floor to begin with..Is this only a requirement for women?
Technically her feet would reach the floor if you cut them off of her body... or, y'know, cut the legs of the chair instead.
The chair has legs too.
True shit
that is probably one of the smartest things i've heard in a while 
Please respond to the top comment on this post.
Is why I think saying things like "you can't joke about rape" or "rape is not funny" is bullshit. Of course it is, you are just a stuck up bitch. 
Stanley you crush your wife during sex, boom roasted. 
I had thought  I had been told  that a 'funny' thing is a thing of a goodness. It isn't. Not ever is it funny to the person it happens to. Like that sheriff without his pants. The goodness is in the laughing itself. I grok it is a bravery... and a sharing against pain and sorrow and defeat...-Robert A Heinlein from Stanger in a Strange Land
I grok what now?
I wonder why this is at -2
Isn't it supposed to be inappropriate joke?
That still doesn't give you free reign to go around telling rape jokes or black jokes.
I was expecting something funny/silly, but this actually made sense. I need to go lay down..
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:

Too bad none of his jokes are . jokes.
My opinion is that everyone considers some jokes offensive. Everyone has a offensive joke breaking point.
I upvoted this when it can out...I feel helpful...is that bad?...is that meaning that I'm wasting my time...could I do more helpful things?...why am I alive...what is life....
*Well joked
Your opinion on jokes.  Unoriginal and regurgitated regularly.  
Well...there's not such thing as an INAPPROPRIATE joke.
You're joking, I get it. I'm not expecting it to be G rated.
I literally watched this yesterday.
Yeah tell that to the HR department at my last job.....
this is so stupid.  children's knock knock jokes don't equal racist n-word jew paraplegic jokes.  you are stupid.  not a joke
Paula...is that you?
Best quote ever.
This quote is funny in and of its self. Coming from Michael Scott does give it a different spin,though....As a thought on Michael's personality: he definitely is a lovable loser. But I think part of his character's development is to make us all realize how much of a stick we all have a stick up our respective ass holes. Michael isn't the boss we should dread, he's actually the boss we all really want.
People see political correctness as bad because they refuse to believe that some language can affect others differently than it does them. And, theyd rather stay in their ways than do something good for another person.
But if we take that lesson to heart, we don't say anything, because anything will always offend someone. 
Alright, debates about humor and maturity levels aside, isn't this very-much . well-said?  Appropriateness is irrelevant to whether or not something is a joke, and there are plenty of appropriate jokes.  The statement doesn't make sense.  Michael Scott is dumb, and this statement is characteristically dumb.  Saying the above is "well said" is also pretty dumb.
Agreed. Given that Michael Scott's entire character is a joke it would take a crazy person to take any opinion of his at face value.
God I miss him
I love how he left the office several years back and the show is over now and quotes from Michael Scott are still being posted
But not all jokes are funny.
Scott's tots. Ultimate joke.
I'm on to you Tokey, the Bear...I'm on to you
Man I miss this show. The first season was absolute gold.
I guess everyone's entitled to their own opinion, but they almost cancelled it after season 1. Season 2 pulled the show out of the fire.
I'm pretty sure this is a joke. Real comedians are smarter than to think that humor directed at victimes are okay just for laughs.
There are plenty of jokes that are appropriate and funny.
Yes, the OP statement is only true for cheap / hurtful humor.  I'm not necessarily opposed to that kind of humor but it's ridiculous to say that it's the only kind of humor.  There is plenty of appropriate humor.  There are, of course, people who don't think anything is funny if they didn't think it was funny when they were 10 years old, so for them this may be true.
Defining a joke however isn't /R/FUNNY !!!!!
When Michael says this line, it's an example of . because we, the audience, are meant to recognize how oblivious the character is while he's saying it (something he, himself, obviously does not recognize). I think that line is from the same episode as this: . 
Yeah if you could not quote the guy whose whole character is based on being horribly clueless and insensitive that'd be great. 
"Comedy, is a place where the mind goes to tickle itself...that's what she said!"
You would never call a retarded person retard. It's bad taste. You call your friends retard when they're acting retarded.
Did you know that gay used to mean 'happy?' When I was growing up, it meant lame. And now, it means a man who makes love to other men. 
thatsthejoke.mpeg?
[deleted]
suck my dick while i fuck that ass HEY


I ain't even mad. I dig that bassline
Ah, son of a bitch. Not even thinking.
Now I'm scared to click it. What is it?

[deleted]
This really could just go on forever like when someone posts 
God damnit. 
You realize the meta-joke here is that Michael Scott is a man-child who hurts the people around him, right?
That's a bit harsh to children.
Some jokes are inappropriate for certain situations though.
Definitely, but what's inappropriate in a place deliberately set apart from the rest of the world/web where people specifically go to make jokes? .What about when such a humor-space which is explicitly pro free-speech and tolerant towards nsfw material, like the page we are on right now?
That was literally the point of Michael Scott, too. Repeating Chris Rock jokes at work is not okay. 
Don't know why you're getting downvoted.  You wouldn't go into a support group for rape victims and start making rape jokes.
Maybe YOU wouldn't.....
He's getting downvoted because of his username. 
I see what you're shooting at.

You cant prove i did it intentionally though.
So that's why they started crying. My mistake.
I went to a rape advice clinic once. Turns out it was only for victims.
ftfy
humor doesn't have to hurt. Yes, there are inappropriate jokes.. 
People don't have to let themselves be hurt by jokes. 
All humor has a kernel of incongruity though. That incongruity could be thought of as awkwardness or inappropriateness. The incongruity being benign creates comedy, the incongruity being serious creates stress. In a way, this quote hits the nail on the head.
True. Look at all the comedians using racism and derogatory comments to get cheap laughs. IMO this sends out the message that it's funny and acceptable to make fun of people *as long * as you do it in the name of comedy. Oh and you can get paid for it! A lot of stand up comedians are just racists and homophobe getting paid to spew their hate and prejudice. .Yes, not all are like that. Some use these topics to she'd light into them. And they do it in a way that is sarcastic and makes everyone laugh. But some of them just say mean things for no reason than to put someone down just to make the others laugh. Oh and if you can't take it you have no sense of humor! They can be like that friend we all have that likes to make fun of you by using personal info or something about the way you look just to make everyone else laugh. .Would you go out and call people derogatory terms and say "don't get mad, it's funny!"? Obviously no. But somehow it makes it . as long as you're on a stage and do it in the name of "comedy".
Exactly. Good comedians use race because it effects their daily life. Great comedians use it in a way to get a message/moral across while still being funny. Shit comedians use it for laughs. (I'm looking at you carlos mencia)
Citing Michael Scott in defense of your humor is like citing Stephen Colbert in defense of your conservative views. 
Interesting you should say this, Stephen Colbert actually has some really insightful political opinions, despite his satirical character on his show. Perhaps one could reference a Colbert joke, while the joke could have some sort of meaning behind the humor. Same is true with this joke from The Office. 
Sounds like someone has a case of the Mondays 
I think you're lost. 
Point is Colbert jokes are not sources for Conservative views because Colbert satirizes American Conservatism.
Irrelevant to this argument. The point is that this joke from The Office isn't just the ramblings of an idiot, they are jokes from intelligent writers.
But in this case the joke is on Michael. The joke is that his opinion is stupid and sort of nonsensical which is why it's funny that he expresses it..That's why it doesn't make sense to affirm the . of the joke. The "intelligent writers" think the content is too stupid to be affirmed, and therein lies the joke.
This joke satirizes the completely oblivious ramblings of a lovable fool. I highly doubt that the intelligent writers of The Office are making some kind of point here; this attitude is comically ignorant, which plays into the character (and, incidentally, most of reddit) perfectly. 
So... awesome?
What's the difference between a salesman and a saleswoman?.A vagina.No Dwight!
_
yep sure is summer reddit guys....message me when the kiddies go back to school please....>.>
Fames porta est urna id habitant quam est vivamus.
Oh I hate reddit summer >>>>>>____<<<<<<< it's like kids have access to the Internet all year, not just during the summer :(((
A penis!.(ironically enough could be interpreted as equally "misogynist"... but that's only because the listener always attributes the joke to be on the more sympathised with character.)
If you listen carefully (and watch the downvotes) you can actually hear the sound of this going over their heads. 
looool........... xD i dont hear anything but i sure do see the downvotes soooooooooo
I'm sure they'll have plenty for all of us. 
Boobs
8008
8008 + 8008 = 80085  
An ass that can play flippie cup?
you lost that gif too eh?

How did she find out she could do that?
That was pretty entertaining to watch 
Well let me go call her up and ask her.
...blue solo cups? What country is this gif from? Spain or something?
Uh... I live in (and have gone to plenty of parties in) the US, and have seen plenty of blue Solo cups.
Blue Solo cups are for the . keggers.
Jeez. I'm aware of their existence, dude. It was just a joke. 
look at his username, you insulted him
I laughed...
datd be it
You get that you aren't really supposed to identify with this character right? He was consistently portrayed as a dumb ass.
Though undoubtedly true, that's sort of a fallacious way to disagree with sentiment of Scott's statement. A statement itself can't be wrong because of who said it -- it can be wrong for a bunch of other reasons, of course. Is this statement wrong for any of those other reasons?
You realize he didn't say "Steve Carell" right?
A dumbass with a heart of gold.
Even a broken clock is right twice a day, or some other stupid phrase. You get the idea. 
They don't get that. Wanna guess why? The answer is hidden in your second sentence.
He's not really that dumb as he is socially oblivious and lacks of common sense. 
Not sure what you think constitutes a dumb ass. 
Nikola Tesla was socially oblivious and lacked of common sense, you'd call Tesla a dumbass? 
If he acted like a dumb ass all the time I would. More likely I would just call him dead.
I think you're a dumb ass because you don't get Michael Scott's character, he's got terrible social skills and makes him look as stupid, but he's awkwardly smart, in the end things turn up the way he wants to all the time. I think that's being clever, the end justifies the means. Anyway, I'd call him non-existing if you want to play that game. 
Man, you real mad I called Tesla dead.
haha what? couldn't really care less about anything said on any comment section. 
He was a dumbass? Stable job, married, was number 1 in sales when he was a salemen, good friends, financially stable...Maybe you should take a look at your resume before you speak, dumbass. 
Think of the twenty most popular/funny comedians that come to your mind. Now tell me if a single one of them has never used an 'inappropriate' joke..Now, as to . the joke is told, e.g. at work, that can certainly be a problem.
So is Phil Dunphy. 
Yes the statement is wrong for a number of reasons outside of that..Something being inappropriate does not make it a joke..Something that is a joke is not required to be inappropriate. 
Can confirm. Have applied Michael Scott's advice to real life before. Felt like Michael Scott after... It wasn't a great feeling. 
But he's our dumbass.
When I said before that I was king of forwards, you got to understand that I don't come up with this stuff. I just forward it along. You wouldn't arrest a guy who's just delivering drugs from one guy to another.
As a Michael, I demand that you change that spelling at once.
He's the dumbass we deserve, but not the one we need right now. 
I am always in need of some Michael Scott.
You get that he is probably one of the most relatable characters on the show, because every person has done something just as stupid as he has. That's why we laugh at it. Grow down dude. 
I like your end comment: "grow down dude". Im gonna try and use it in conversations!
That's about making the audience forgive him. You're not supposed to aspire to be like him.
That's not what I said. I said we all do dumb stuff. No one aspires to do the dumb stuff, but when you do, it's funny! So when Michael Scott says a really bad joke we all laugh, and when I say a really bad joke and no one thinks its funny.... I still laugh!
Actually, you did imply that, with "grow down".
Nope, just another really bad joke I came up with on my own that makes me laugh. 
But the TC said Michael Scott's quote was "well said". That's a tacit endorsement of his philosophy. No one's saying he's a bad guy, but the philosophy espoused in that quote is not intended to be one the audience aspires to.
So he is incapable of having qualities that some aspire to? I don't get why there is debate in this black and white context. There have been plenty of dimwitted or just plain evil characters that have redeeming qualities that we would all "aspire to". Just like there are positive characters who make huge missteps, or have awful personality quirks..This whole thread just baffles me. 
Michael has lots of admirable qualities. His inability to tell socially appropriate jokes is not intended to be one of them.
Holy hell, dude, it's one line from the character. Michael says lots of inadvertently intelligent things. That's the point. He's a type of jester. It's not that complicated. 
OP doesn't give a shit about the philosophy of Michael Scott or whether the writers intended the audience to aspire to be like him or not. The only thing he cares about is telling inappropriate jokes 
And the people who wrote that line were using it to try to show that the character of Michael Scott was, at best, naive and insensitive, and at worst down right mean. That quote only sounds intelligent or insightful when removed from the context of the show where it's said by a character who constantly causes problems for himself and others because of the philosophy espoused in that quote. Using this quote as a justification for inappropriate jokes makes one look foolish if one properly reads that quote in the context it was intended.
You're reading way too far into this dude. It's just a joke.
I agree. The quote is a joke on people like OP who think he should be allowed to tell inappropriate jokes. The fact that the OP doesn't realize he's being made fun of is what makes this such a funny joke.
Revolver: I can't tell if you are just trolling, or over-analyze far too much....I think more than anything that OP's post applies to people like you, who take things far too out of context instead of just enjoying the goddamned joke.
The quote certainly isn't funny on it's own, so I don't see any reason why someone would post it here unless they agreed with it.
Here, how about this:   . agree with OP, as when I tell a very substantially racist joke, many take offense to it..I don't see any reason why someone would be offended by my joke, as it is a JOKE..Understand?
Wait...you can't understand why people find racist jokes offensive? 
WOOSH
Okay, now I'm confused. Do you actually watch the show this is quoted from? Michael Scott's inappropriate jokes are supposed to be a negative quality; it's the reason he frustrates his staff. I don't see how anyone could watch the show and be so oblivious as to not realize that his actions are supposed to be demonstrate that he is an inept boss.
Revolver: Dive a little less deep there buddy..No I do not watch the TV show, nor do I need to in order to understand what OP is saying..Simply read the text, .... not taking Michael Scott and his Mother's Mother into the picture... and maybe you'd enjoy it.


Michael Scott's inability to be socially appropriate is not supposed to be a positive trait; it's the trait that most often frustrates his employees and gets him in trouble with his bosses. In the UK version of the Office, it's this trait that causes David Brent (the character upon whom Michael Scott is based) to be fired from his job. I can't help but think anyone who actually believes the writers intend the audience to laugh with Michael Scott when he tells racist/sexist jokes, rather than at him, is being willfully ignorant. 
"A good boss doesn't fire people. He hires and inspires people.".-Michael Scott
Relatable =/= aspire to be like
It's fitting that reddit is upvoting this. Throughout that episode, Michael serves as a caricature of the anti-PC crowd. He melodramatically moans endlessly about how placing even basic decency limits on his "hilarious" jokes will suck all of what is enjoyable out of the office. In this way, he embodies the views of a huge portion of the . crowd. .Yet, of course, the jokes aren't very funny, they make everyone uncomfortable, and Jim demonstrates how to be funny in a way that is positive and non-denigrating of other people. But Michael powers on, oblivious to these facts as he bemoans how he is being "silenced" and the costs of not being able to use non-PC humor..I think a lot of Redditors who rail against political correctness and the "oppression" of comics need to ask themselves: are you the real-life Michael Scott in this episode?
Except for that fact that him making those jokes is what makes people laugh. My friends and I think some of his jokes are funny, especially since they are usually said at inappropriate times. That inappropriate time is what makes them funny. The characters are not laughing because they have to appear like "OMG, this is offensive." In reality, I believe most of them would be laughing at those jokes..Edit: Oh no, I am being silenced for not agreeing and being politically correct. Oh noes...
Yeah well written. There's a lot of good empirical research outlining negative effects of prejudiced disparagement humor. This is a good starter article:
Some people have the unfortunate character flaw of wanting to be funny without having sufficient mental capacity to be found humorous to a wide enough audience to find success..Also known as... Radio DJ's!
Story of Chris Moyles' career.
A good point, and while I don't disagree with what you're saying exactly, I feel like you're casting a wider net than you're intending to. The way you phrase your point makes it seem like you think all politically incorrect humor is something to be looked down upon..At the end of the day, what is and isn't appropriate is based on your audience, knowing your audience is one of the most important things anyone attempting to elicit humor can do. .The problem is not with the humor of the person, but the filtering system of when is and isn't a good time to tell that "raunchy" joke..Everyone has laughed at something that would be deemed politically incorrect by someone, you'd be a hypocrite to say that all politically incorrect humor is in poor taste..I'd like to point out that a lot of the time it's not the media itself that people rally against, but the people who demand that the media be politically correct. .I hope I didn't come off as argumentative, I just wanted to examine your point from a different angle. 
"you can laugh at everything, but not with everyone" - Pierre Desproges 
I like this. 
People don't seem to understand that shock is not a substitute for wit. The reason why those legendary non-PC comedians were successful is because they put those offensive things so cleverly that you had no choice but to accept it and just fucking laugh.
man...I can't wait for the summer holidays to end.
You and me both.
I'd say there you can discern offensive jokes along a few different lines - there's the ones that are violating various social taboos for shock effect, and there's jokes that are just kicking people who you consider beneath you. .Take the joke "what's the best thing about twenty six year olds? there are twenty of them!" - it's not PC, but it's not really attacking anybody (not to say it's a hilarious joke either). If anything it's about the person telling the joke assume the position of pretending to be a pedophile, which (hopefully) most people hearing the joke won't take seriously. It might offend people, but that's all. .Compare that to the joke, "What does a black man in a suit call a white man in a dress? -'Your honour'" - the entire premise of the joke is that all black men are criminals, and doesn't work unless you consider that funny and reinforcing your worldview. It has the form of a joke, but in the end all the humour just comes from getting away with casual racism. If you think it's funny, you are a shitty person. .That isn't to say that jokes can't have a racial dimension, but going down that road demands some reflection on where the humour actually comes from. The first joke, which is ultimately about pedophilia, might offend some people (and if you're telling it at an abuse survivors meeting, you are being a dick) - but it doesn't really denigrate those people - if anything it denigrates the person telling it, which is always fair game. The second joke is pure denigration, based on throwing rocks at some group and laughing at it. 
See this is where I have to disagree with you, the joke . be seen as an attack on the subject of the joke, the black community, if you will, . it can be seen the way I see it when I tell a joke along these lines. As satire. The humor when I tell a racial joke does not come from a place a hate for the subject, it comes from a place of absurdity that the joke itself is being told in the first place, combined with the subverting of expectations, and maybe a dash of shock..Eh, I'm sorry, but I don't think it's that black and white. (No pun intended.).I think this is good practice. I do strongly agree with you here. It is very important to think about where the humor is coming from, this comes back to my original statement about "knowing your audience", I want to use as an example something that happened at my job a few days ago..There is an engineer I work with, lets call him Steve. Steve is a 50 something year old guy who is in extremely good shape, he doesn't look a day older than 30. He is friendly, witty, and a bit of a sci-fi nerd. We get along marvelously. Steve just happens to be black as well..The fact that steve is black is important to contextualize my point, the other day, steve walks into my office and we start talking, I noted that he had been late a couple times this week, just giving him a hard time..Well, you can probably see where this is going, Steve immediately fires back with "Oh, so since I happen to be a man of color, you have to point out that I'm late.", there is levels to this joke, the first one is that as a white man in society, it is my stereotypical role to be uncomfortable anytime race is brought up, on top of that, it's pseudo-self-deprecation, he is acknowledging a stereotype that exists around him. Lastly, he is insinuating that I am being prejudiced against him for something as shallow as his skin color..Is this joke, denigration? I would argue no. I would say the joke is more about him "catching" me being racist (even though I wasn't), it's not a joke at the expense of anyone, it's a commentary on social norms. .That being said, obviously, some jokes are racist, but they can be told in satire. A great example of a meta-joke about racist jokes is "What do you call a black man who flies planes? -- A pilot, what are you, a racist?".Not really all that funny after the first time you heard it in high school, but you can understand why I'm citing it as an example. .In the end, it all comes down to intent, and while some jokes may be in poorer taste than others, they should all be allowed to be told.
I'm not discussing any kind of actual censorship here, just what should be considered good taste or not, and in the case of workplaces, what lines should be drawn for acceptable behaviour. .There's no law against me loudly discussing in exquisite detail the texture, smell and colour of the chili-fueled shit I took after eating at Chipotle the first time - it's just offensive, nobody wants to hear it, and there's something wrong with me if I think that's worth sharing. Humour based on denigration of those seen as inferior "others" should be viewed in that way - it's taking a great big shit on the conversation. .Clearly you and your friend are close enough that you know where the social boundaries are. Personally, I wouldn't say your friend's humour is offensive in the slightest. Also, he's the one making the racial joke about himself, and anyone else overhearing is going to understand. Same as a guy making that "twenty six year olds" joke. It's worth saying that there are differences in who can say which sorts of things, because the implication is very different depending on who does it..In the example you gave, he's making that joke to point out the absurdity of bringing race into that discussion at all, and because he knows that his job otherwise isn't in danger. Compare that to if it was a white boss making racist jokes about his black subordinates - even if it's the same joke (or similar), it would have some very different implications. 
Exactly. When Michael Scott does Chris Rock's bit about the difference between black people and n*s, it's awful and makes everyone uncomfortable. When Chris Rock does it, it's genius. The context, speaker, and audience very much matter to whether something is appropriate and funny or awful and cringeworthy, and that's something that Michael (and apparently OP) totally fails to get on the show. 
Well said. As Chris Rock himself put it, the role of a comedian is to punch ., not down, yet nobody would ever label Chris Rock as PC. There is a world of difference between inappropriate and offensive. This is why he was so personally pissed off that some people completely missed the point of his "black people versus niggers" sketch and thought of it as carte blanche to go around casually flinging the n-word because Chris Rock (or Louis CK) said it was okay. That's not what the fuck they were saying..Both Michael Scott and David Brent are CLEAR parodies of the kind of people who . get it, which makes the fact that OP's post is being upvoted so ironic..Then again this is reddit, so maybe not so ironic.
Jim's not always funny. He's a jackass to Dwight all the time, sometimes bordering harassment, and gets away with it because he's charismatic. Sometimes Jim seems obsessed with 'getting' Dwight. It's not OK or funny to be mean to people just because they're weird or intense. Jim is sometimes funny, but often he goes to far for no defensible reason.
Someone was bullied as a kid....
I mean, Dwight was kind of asking for it.  
Yeah that's a fair point. It's not immediately intuitive to me, but on reflection I can definitely agree that Jim's an asshole.
That's true, and I like that he has that flaw. There's a great part in an episode where he's listing all the pranks he's done to Dwight and sort of realizes how dumb they are, and that Dwight probably doesn't deserve it. Dwight is an ass a lot of times, but there are times that you can relate to him too - neither of them are entirely one note. .Although I agree Jim can be a little too perfect at times - before he got Pam he was more fallible and relatable, just as good as Tim in the original Office in my eyes (who I love), but after he almost becomes flawless. Leading man handsome, funny, friends with everybody, almost never makes a misstep. I'll admit I only watched up to about the beginning of season six so I may have missed stuff, but I sort of switched off to him and started preferring guys like Dwight and Andy at that point, the guys who were originally set up as the idiots.
That means you missed out on what is probably Jim's MOST glaring flaw and that's his inability to be confrontational.  He still had that Jim "charm" but when it came to anything uncomfortable or remotely confrontational Jim worms away like a champ.
[deleted]
I personally wouldnt say michael is the funniest character. Steve carrel may be the funniest actor and michael definitely had his moments but this is how i see it.Michael - cringiest 
Dwight - funniest, (but not from the POV of other characters)
Jim - most like able 
Lots of kids are bullied. What of it?
it's not so much as his jokes are offensive, it's that they're offensive without being funny.  He doesn't realize that it's that they're not funny.  . it's a 2 dimensional graph.  Not just "how offensive is the joke" but rather "is it at least as funny as it is offensive".I'm walking on sunshine.  
He was portrayed as good-intentioned just as much.
They also allude to the fact that he used to be a fantastic salesman. 
"Halloween" is the best episode that shows how awesome Michael Scott really is. Ending still gets me teary-eyed. 
What's the difference?  Every tragedy in human history was committed by people with good intentions.
Sometimes i would say. More towards the end yes, but in the beginning he was kind of mean in a childish immature way
Unlike what most redditors seem to think, that's really not enough to function socially.
"The road to hell is paved with good intentions."

That's just a ..
What's this from?
the road to hell
Apparently fictional characters are either positive or negative, and there is zero room for complexity.
Over the course of the show he definitely was, but in this episode, and the scene they're quoting, he's absolutely negative.
Honest question: have you ever seen The Office? Michael Scott, though complex and relatable and lovable in other ways, is a walking trainwreck when it comes to humor. To hear him rail against political correctness in workplace humor is not supposed to cause you to nod along dumbly, as if you've just been delivered a great piece of wisdom; you're supposed to laugh at him. Political correctness isn't the problem, the problem is Michael Scott's inability to understand social boundaries. That's why you laugh and cringe during interactions in the American version of the show, and even more often in the British version. The show's premise is a cringeworthy boss who doesn't realize he's cringeworthy. To think that we're actually supposed to agree with Michael Scott's pronouncements on proper joke form requires a level of obliviousness that is typically only found in fictional characters.
Regardless of the Michael quote, I think there are quite a few people who get annoyed with workplaces emphasizing political correctness too much.  A lot of the time it just makes things more awkward because we can see when someone is struggling to find the right PC word for something that COULD be taken as offensive.   Like someone saying "we have 15 salesmen" and then notices there's a lady, and says, "I mean salespeople"
Because the initial statement was incorrect. Not politically incorrect, just incorrect. They had fourteen salesmen and one saleswoman. "Salespeople" is concise and accurate.
In this way, Michael Scott is wiser than all of us. He is too good for this world. 
I think you're all taking this humorous meme about humor from a comedian on a sitcom a little too seriously.
The show is hilarious. The meme isn't.
That "pronouncement" . correct though... Humor is created by incongruity; when you expect one thing and get another. If a joke is completely appropriate to its context, then it isn't really a joke anymore; it's just a sentence..So if I want to nod along sagely, I will. Just because the character's awkward doesn't mean he can't say something profound once in a while. In fact, characters like Michael tend to spit truth bullets extremely sporadically. 
You may believe it to be correct, but it's not correct in the context of the show. Do I really have to cite episodes? Michael Scott's character is cringeworthy and inappropriate; we laugh at the incongruity of a boss blaming the failure of his awkward and mediocre jokes on a culture of political correctness, as opposed to understanding that his jokes are falling flat because they're horrifically inappropriate for the situation, and often not that funny to boot. His lack of self awareness is funny. It's meta humor. One of the main jokes of the Office is the failure of Michael Scott's jokes, and all the fallout that results from that sort of unaware character being placed in a position of power.
I understand that it doesn't work out well for him personally, and while that does cast some doubt upon the quote to anybody considering it on his merits alone, it doesn't say anything about its overall validity..All I'm saying is that it's reasonable to sometimes agree with an unsuccessful person.
the fact that reddit identifies with michael scott just shows are stupid people are.I feel like OP is trolling
Have you ever thought that maybe we aren't identifying with Michael Scott, but perhaps the meaning behind the joke? The point is that humor doesn't have to be politically correct. These aren't the ramblings of an incompetent fool. They are jokes that were written down by intelligent writers. The fact that you think reddit is "identifying" with a fictional character just shows how stupid . are.
A lovable loser? A big heart that just can't get it right? The character . to identify with, almost in a cliche way.
almost too cliche for me, not gonna lie.  as other people commented, the line between comedy and cringe is very thin
Well, in the first season he was an absolute ass with pretty much no redeeming qualities, but he became much more relatable after the first few seasons.  By the end of his time on the show you were supposed to be rooting for him.
I feel like he's made for people to say "oh, I know someone just like that" rather than to actually identify with him
Yeah, but that doesn't mean that he isn't an idiot most of the time. We just learn that he isn't a totally terrible person and that he has a few redeeming qualities that keep us from loathing him. This character development isn't intended to vindicate his flaws, just offset them a bit.
I like him more than you, much more
From this I infer that you are a bit of a Dwight..Edit: "False!" they yell as they downvote!
You act like he's Darth Vader or something. Michael was a good man, with a good heart, but was extremely socially awkward. He just said and did what we restrict ourselves from doing due to societal pressures/norms. You're not supposed to loathe him any more than you'd loathe a mentally challenged person who doesn't know any better.
I totally disagree with your framing. I do agree that Michael had a good heart in some respects. But in other ways he was undenaibly terrible (caveat: I'm more familiar with the earlier Office, so this may be less true for later seasons). First, he was undeniably racist. Not in the sense that he hated people of other ethnicities, but he did actively believe in and propagate harmful stereotypes. For example, putting the entire office on lockdown when the Sikh IT guy came. Or screaming "Do you want my cookie cookie?!" at Kelly during the diversity day episode. Or his constant assumptions about Stanley, etc..He also constantly belittles other employees (Phyllis, for example--leaving Toby out because that's more of a gag than real character development) and abuses his authority over them..And, of course, he is massively self-centered and unable to empathize with others. He is the definition of an asshole, using his power to prop up structural unfairness and inequalities for his own benefit. Consider Yankee Swap, or basically any episode ever..So, I don't agree with you that "he just said and did what we restrict ourselves from doing due to societal pressures/norms." Rather, he does what we don't do because we aren't assholes and he is. We don't say derogatory things about other people not because we are scared of the social consequences, but because we think doing so is wrong, offensive, and damaging to the other person. We don't lord our power over others and force them to indulge us, not because we think we are supposed to, but because we think that's a jerkish thing to do and we would rather be fair..In a sense, I agree that Michael can't really help it that he's an asshole. I'm of the opinion that no one can really help who they are. The Westboro Baptist people can't help what they believe. But that doesn't mean that we ought to give them a free pass.
I agree. The Scott's Tots episode was a good example of how his being a self-centered asshole hurts other people. It was painful to watch.
ive said this before, the american verion of the office is terrible. the uk office one (or brittish version) is better if you can get passed the bad teeth and accent 
Past.
Other than the first season they really can't be compared. The Office(UK) really only had four characters, and the only story lines were really David Brent being a dick, and Dawn and Tim being in love. While both of these themes were carried over to the US office Pam and Jim's relationship is one of the more boring aspects of the show, and they go on to become two of the least intriguing characters on the show, in my opinion. .The US Office relies heavily on its cast, they carry the show. They also don't focus on the awkward painful humor that drives most of the Gervais/Merchant work. The only thing that really links the show is the Michael Scott/David Brent connection and even there Michael actually has character growth. Granted the UK Office only had a small percentage of the amount of episodes the US Office had. .I just think it's pointless and lazy to compare them, they are completely different entities. The First Season of the Office is the most comparable to the original, and the first season is by far the worst. 
Ferd, that was weak sauce, are you running out of good material?
trollol upboat
le master trol
In all honesty, though, this guy's actually quite good.
yeah he must be obese by now the amount people feed him
False.
"Dammit Carlton! I leave you alone with the baby for 5 minutes!"
Crack Baby Athletic Association.
What came first the pussy or the pussy?
They're both soft man.
Occasionally they are hairy and smell like fish
Someone needs to post some nsfw/wtf comparison, for I too am curious. And you know what they say about curiosity and cats...
pussy is a derogation of peautaine, a Creole slang word for small pelt back in the smelly days of the fur trade when our country was young. this is also thought to be the origin of the use of beaver as a vaginal nickname.
It's not that they look alike....It's that the right touch can make them both purr.
Best answer!
They both eat wood.
peautaine seems like it may bring about poontang as well if all this is in fact true. 
They came simultaneously!!!! 
Oh sweetie, that almost never happens.
But when it does....
Damn innuendo of scissoring and orgasms. 
Check the 70s.
Never seen a curly haired cat before!
Keep looking. They are out there!
I...I can't take my eyes off the bottom center one. 
That lady at the top center has one sexy mustache.
I see you Napoleon Dynamite
Not a jumping spider at all... jumping spiders have massive front arms to ya know? Jump with.. 
So cute yet so creepy.
OMG DAE NOPE NOPE NOPE?!
I love spiders, but I kill them when they are inside my house
Please don't kill my friends :(
Nope.
If you don't like jumping spiders, frogs, dogs, or cows you're a cunt.
Sometimes, they also wear my shoe as a... uh... well it doesn't long.
Repost
Repost.
Or it will terrify people to know that spiders just might be intelligent enough to wear hats, hmm...
HOW DOES THIS MAKE ME FEEL BETTER? I JUST LEARNED THERE'S SUCH A THING AS A JUMPING SPIDER
Still...NOPE.
Now if only they didn't look so creepy T_T
fyi when it cant find water it prefers human blood to other liquids. 
THERE ARE SPIDERS THAT CAN JUMP!?! 
yup, see this . for more info. I see them often, and they do jump when you try to catch them.
You're right. I'm not sad. I'm freaking the hell out right now, because I now know there is such thing as a JUMPING spider. NOPE. 
The are awesome and harmless. They just wander around hunting bugs. They are also able to lost sight of their prey while stalking it and still keep track of where it is. Something rather complex for such a little dude. 
You've never seen one before? Lucky..If you ever encounter a black and white striped spider that is rocking back and forth on it's legs? GTFO. It's about to jump. I'm sure they come in other colors, but the ones by me are stripey.
you filthy webweaver! atleast give us a forewarning before posting a spider picture.
Repost...
oh no, not in a sub with 4 million+ users, how could the mods let this happen
Surprisingly the only spider that doesn't scare the shit out of me.
JUMPING SPIDERS? AS IN... SPIDERS... THAT CAN JUMP? FUCK. NOPE. NOPE 
I made it about 20 comments down this page...  Yep thats enough spiders for me for a month
But then I remember jumping spiders exist and my mood just sort of ..

But when you are happy, just remember, 'jumping spiders'.
As someone who is currently hiding from a spider in my kitchen this isn't comforting.
'jumping' _
Could someone tell me what this picture says? I saw it was a big hairy spider from the thumbnail and didn't click on the picture...
It's something along the lines of: when your feeling sad, remember that sometimes jumping spiders wear tiny water drops as hats.
Or maybe it's just the collective tears of the spiders no one loves.  
It's so they can douse themselves when I burn the house down.
How about when I'm sad you just leave me the fuck alone.
Living in south Louisiana I've never seen one of these. But we have a TON of brown recluse and banana spiders.
You just reminded us that there are spiders that can fucking jump.  How exactly is that supposed to make us feel better?

thank you
when you are sad, just remember that some spiders can jump.
aka, the 
Huntsman spiders are excellent friends.  They keep the place bug free with little to no mess..Funnelwebs are demon spawn however so they get killed on sight...
i like turtles
This the one post about spiders I'm ok with. Thank you.
Terrified of spiders since I can remember, and this made me giggle. Props to you, tiny spider.
FUCK SPIDERS CAN JUMP?
I fail to see how ANYTHING about spiders should make me feel better...
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
not sure if terrified or happy...
I shat myself when I clicked in the image because the thumbnail wouldn't load...
And now I'm both sad and scared. Well, mostly scared than sad. 
Acknowledging the existence of jumping spiders will never make me feel better.
They're tiny, 100% harmless, and you can tell when they are looking at you (they have to rotate their entire head to see) which makes them less gross IMO. Also they do funny little dances all the time. 
I feel worse now, I just learned that there are JUMPING spiders and I'm not sure if water will be effective.
Jumping spiders are harmless, and good at eating bugs.And they were HATS!
i'm gonna throw all my hats, i'm afraid they'll turn into spiders on my head
When you are sad, just remember: Jumping spiders..Look, now you're not sad, you're terrified!
Do they wear raindrop hats on PURPOSE?
Repost
Yeah, and then I was sad again because i learnt that jumping spiders exist.
How will this make me less sad? Oh, right, because I'll be terrified instead...
So cute! I love these little guys, always around when you want one.
Don't care if they're adorable, I still flipped my shit at this photo from 5 year old girl fear. 
GUYS TURN BACK THE COMMENTS ARE FUCKING TERRIFYING
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
All I got from that is the fact that spiders jump...so much for my bed being safe...
Look at those innocent fucking eyelashes... couldn't hurt a fly.
sounds great and all, just check under the toilet seat before you go and keep your mouth closed so you don't swallow any
High fashion. Or should I say web fashion?
I actually find those tiny spiders cute in a funky way.
AwwwwwwwAAAHHHHHHHHHhhhhhaaawwwwwwww
:( :( 
I had one of these on my car this morning! All that fur. I'm getting goose bumps again just talking about it in this comment. SO GROSS. I hate crawly things, and it wouldn't get off my driver's window! I was trapped inside my car for HOURS. Or 4 minutes. Whatever.
I feel like everything will be okay from this moment on :)
My biology teacher sent this to all the students right before the Final exam scores were handed back..
Whenever you're having a bad day just remember that sloths sometimes mistake their own arms for tree limbs and fall to their death.
Anything that contains the phrase "just remember jumping spiders" will never make me feel better.
that's considerate. they come with their own water so that when i kill them cleanup is easier. 
With all these talks going on and spider loving people comming together. Perhaps spiderporn of some sort would be a decent subreddit?
Alright, nobody post that gif. Please do not post that gif. Don't post it please. Don't.
wow. things make sense to me now. Thanks Jumping Spider!!!
I wanted to call this out as a repost.. But every time I see it I feel so happy.. 
Why would a reminder that some spiders can jump make me feel better!?
WHY DO YOU FEEL BETTER? THEY'RE LEARNING TO ADOPT, TO ACT LIKE HUMANS. THEY WANT TO REPLACE US ON THE FOOD CHAIN!!!
Reminded me of this. 

I like spiders, they eat mosquitoes! I let them live... EXCEPT THESE JUMPING MOTHERFUCKERS! Holy Hell, i don't mind if you crawl towards me, but covering a foot and a half in a single jump gives me the serious heebie-jeebies
My biology teacher sent this to all the students right before the Final exam scores were handed back..
I was feeling sad, ad this DID make me smile. 
They'll catch your tears when you're feelin down.
There's no way thinking about a bloody spider will make me feel better.
After murdering you they wear blood droplets as hats
Whenever you're sad remember some spiders can jump. Now you're more scared than sad. 
Just don't give it drugs. 
what BEAUTIFUL eyelashes! 
They have lashes, 
I can't help but notice that this particular jumping spider has the most . eyelashes :)
Well, I don't feel better, OP, I don't. 

 what's going on here? And how can the result be something so adorable?!
and if you ever feel like a failure, just remember that sometimes sloths grab onto their own arms, mistaking them for branches, and fall to their deaths.
So they just feel one of their arms grabbing the other then they're just like "yup, it's a branch" or what?
I hate when I do that.
Then I realize there's such a thing as jumping spiders in the world and I am terrified.
And we even find them up here in Canada. I see them often in my house. Most of the time you try to catch them with a kleenex, they jump away and you can't find it anymore...
Jumping spiders are harmless, and mostly rather small and colorful. 
WTF a spider has nicer eyelashes than me.
But you have eyelids. Yay you!
Too bad that won't save him from my flamethrower. 
Jumping spiders are the exception to the reddit hivemind's aversion to all things arachnid..They're the size of your fingertip and catch their prey by leaping up and tackling it, as opposed to making webs that catch in your hair and mouth.
I've only seen tiny ones about 3-4mm, those do a bunch of tiny hops... and don't sit still to let me stare and take karma pics :/
Ever wake up with a mouth full of water?
Not that I can remember. I've woken up with a dry mouth, but not water mouth..I mean, NOPENOPENOPE WATER SPIDERS NO OH GOD WHAT THE FUCK JESUS JOSEPH AND MARY MAGDELIGNE(sp?) WHY THE FUCK WOULD YOU SAY THAT YOU ARE EVIL I HATE YOU OH GOD SPIDERS ARE LIKE 3 MILLIMETERS OF PURE SCARINESS EW NOPE NOPE NOW MY HOUSE IS BURNED DOWN GIVE ME KARMA PLEASE GOD SPIDERS ARE SO DISGUSTING I LITERALLY JUST TOOK A SHIT AND WIPED IT ON THE SCREEN TO TRY TO GET PICTURES OF SPIDERS AWAY FROM ME FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK GAME OF THRONES SPOILERS BELOW WHAT THE FUCK IS YOUR PROBLEM DUDE I HATE YOU SO MUCH I'M GONNA BREAK YOUR ARMS AND STAB YOU WITH DORITOS GOD WHAT THE FUCK WHY ARE SPIDERS SO FUCKING SCARY FUCK!
NOPE! NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPENOPENOPENOPENOPE
DAE NOPE
2spooooooo0oo0iooookkyyyyy4me
I feel itchy 
You are pure evil, poopellar. I like it. Have an upvote on me.
Haha, it probably just got wet, it happens!.Jumping spiders are pretty damned cute.  A researcher I knew used to study ., and I believe had some big news videos about the research.  
Don't ever leave!
thanks Unidan :D
Unidan, you are the nicest redditor around. 
It took a lot for me not to write "FUCK YOURSELF" here, just to mess with you!.Thanks a bunch for the very kind words! :D
I... .... I would have been heartbroken.
Haha!
I would've been honored to have you tell me to:.I mean, it's not something that happens every day, now. Is it?
Oh, Unidan! With you around, spiders aren't the only thing getting wet!
They are not an exception for me. I was in my car, minding my own business, when this tiny spider crawls out from under my seat on the side of my door. I thought, "Aw, he's actually kind of cute.." until he sharply turned and all of his eyes locked with my measley two eyed face. All I could think then was, "Oh god..this is how I die." Then, he catapulted himself onto my seat and that was how I realized just how much of a little girl I am.
This is my worse fear. Driving and spider comes out of somewhere. I would literally die in a car accident if this happens...
Just an FYI, he didn't see you as a creature, he saw you as terrain. That's how most spiders are with people.
[deleted]
Yes, hence the "my" before it.
My worst spider related fear is that a poisonous spider will someday decide to take refuge in one of my shoes. Past that, I think they're rather charming little buggers.
That's nothing compared to my encounter with a spec ops spider:.I was 17.  Just got my license.  I was driving alone in my car with my friend driving behind me in his, following me to our destination.  It was a warm summer day so my windows were down.  Well all of a sudden from the backside of my driver side mirror, a spider crawls into my vision.  I see him, he sees me, we both freeze..I am the kind to plan ahead.  So I think to myself ill just roll up my window until the wind gets him and then i can roll my window back down.  So I begin to roll up my window.  This is when I noticed I was not dealing with any ordinary spider.  This spider was part of an elite commando spider unit..As my window was rolling up, out from the spider I see a web strand shoot up to the inside roof of my car.  I realized the time it takes this window to roll up would determine the outcome of my life.  Well, the spider was able to climb his grappling hook into my car before the window entirely rolled up.  Now DIRECTLY above my head was this delta force spider.  .Thank god cars come with panic lights because I hit those panic lights to alert my friend that I was in immediate danger and that I was indeed panicking.  .I pulled to the right lane and slowed down while I was basically driving from my passenger seat because no way in hell am I staying where I was directly under that spider.   My friend drives alongside my car.  I roll my window down and yell "throw a tissue box, no time to explain!".   He threw the box, it landed on my lap.  I pulled out a tissue and.....gone.  He was fucking gone!!!  This was 8 years ago.  I still fear for my life.
Pansy. They are harmless.
Aren't most of them?
Most spiders? Yeah. 
I don't tend to kill spiders. I see it as a mutually beneficial relationship. They kill whatever bugs are in my house, and I don't kill them. Everyone is happy. 

Unidan is such a baller.
I want a water hat. It is too hot here.
That spider is somehow adorable. My brain will now self destruct. 

I think it's the eyeballs and the fact it's legs don't look too weird or huge. The scariest part of a spider for me is those huge thin legs that cast shadows so it looks like they have even more. 
Jumping spiders have 2 large cute eyes, with the remaining 6 much smaller. They are also furry and small. This makes them much less scary than most of their cousins.

Are we disregarding the fact that they are spiders that JUMP?
Yes but they're so very sensible. They make a little safety line so that if they miss they won't fall.
The littlest base jumpers :)
The littlest bungee jumpers.
Here, this will help. They're usually tiny things, barely noticible. You won't even see them until they're right up in your face. So no worries. Although, it is the largest of all spider families, and around 15% of all the spiders in the world are jumping spiders. And they can be found ANYWHERE in the world, because they're great at adapting to different habitats. Crazy fun, right? They also have the best vision out of all of them, making them great hunters. How cool is that? And yes, they are carnivorous..Here's a fun little excerpt from wikipedia:."Certain species of jumping spiders have been shown by experiment to be capable of learning, recognizing, and remembering colors, and adapting their hunting behavior accordingly.".See? They remember stuff, like who threw a shoe at them and missed, for example. Doesn't this make you feel a lot better? Cool spiders.
They learn now? FUCK. THAT.
dude, you're an asshole.people, these things are harmless
Like, if they bite me I won't die harmless?
Jumping spiders produce a venom, but it is not particularly dangerous to humans (unless you're severely allergic).  Normally such a bite would result in a small irritating spot or itch for a while.  They also do not bite humans except as a last resort as self-defense..The only reason they might be frightening is the same reason they can be so cute- they jump around like maniacs
There are exactly two species of spider in North America that are dangerous to humans: The Black Widow and the Brown Recluse. If you learn to recognize those two, you no longer have to worry about spiders.
Even if you do get bit by these guys, unless your elderly or a young child, with proper medical attention you should be just fine. I know my dad was bit by a brown recluse, and sure he had this huge, red, icky bump on his ankle for a couple days, but he was fine.
what about the other species that cause heart attacks
Like AuntieSocial said, yes, it's hardly an irritant at all. But seriously, the odds that you'll be bitten by a jumping spider are downright astronomical. Fuck, I have a jumping spider living inside my bike that I've named Viktor. He's perched on the handlebars for a ride before, just chilling right next to my hand. 
Yes. However, if they were to crawl inside of you while you were sleeping .and lay eggs, who knows what would happen..It's fun not having arachnophobia.
You'll have a (maybe) annoying bite for (maybe) a day or so. Assuming they can break the skin, which is an even bigger maybe.
Can anyone care to explain why? 
To protect themselves from fire.
Firefighters are known to do the same thing.
Wouldn't you?
For the lolz
[deleted]
don't waste the man's time if the question has already been answered!
Because if they can wear a water droplet on their head, they can instead wear a droplet of deadly poison on their head. They are developing new weaponry. 


My guess is that it cools their internal temperature, or perhaps they are saving it for drinking later..Or maybe because of their many eyes they are able to use the water droplet as a rear-view mirror to see predators sneaking up behind or above them. I'm not the greatest at math, so I can't calculate if a spider would be able to actually see based on the curvature of a droplet of water..This is only a guess..EDIT: Had some more to add. A plausible guess to answer . question gets downvoted, but "Because they're fabulous!!1" skyrockets to the top.... You really think a spider gives a damn that if it looks fabulous or not? If they all did it they would look the same anyways so it would defeat the purpose..Maybe it's just me, but you would think a spider would have other motives than to put a god damn decoration on its head. Surviving comes to mind... You know, the thing we're all trying to get better at?
Not a bad first guess, but probably not the case. Spiders are ectotherms, meaning their body temperature (and activity level) is affected by whether they are being exposed to hot or cold. I'd hazard a guess that a water droplet would act as a radiator, and cool (slow down) the little beastie, which would be detrimental to its hunting abilities.  .Fairly certain that the refractive index of water isn't high enough to refract light at the angle(s) that would be required for this to work for the spider. And there's no apparent evolutionary adaptation to take advantage of the water droplet being used as a means of increasing visibility; the arrangement of the eyes is a good indication of that..It's more likely that, as another commenter mentioned, this is just a photo where someone pipetted a droplet of water on top of the spider. Kudos for putting thought in to it, though! .This is definitely not a plausible generality. America, fuck ye-
Thanks for the information, I learned something new today. You understood what I was thinking, and I'm glad someone with a little more knowledge on arachnids than I did jumped in to comment..As an American, I guess I expect a little too much out of others. Naturally people wouldn't be this obese, it just takes a little self control. It's those select few that are the exception, but sadly that minority happens to be the majority. .Not that this is something to be proud about, but at least we're not the fattest considering Mexico trumped us.
There's actually a series of photos by some guy who used a pipette or something to put the water drops on their heads. This would appear to be newer or copycat work.
"Oh my god! You're a photographer too? I just covered Syria. What have you been up to?"."I get a pipette and put some water on a spider's head.".: \ 
I'd sooner be the guy with the spiders. So long as none are poisonous.
Venomous not poisonous. 
Jumping spiders are total bros. They are very intelligent and non-aggressive towards humans, but are very active predators of other spiders and bugs. Basically, if there is any kind of spider you want to have around, its these guys, as they like to eat the nasty kind like Black Widows and Brown Recluses..They are attracted to partridge pea plants. I've actually planted a bunch around my back yard to attract these guys..Oh, and they do really cute mating dances. Here's one reacting to its reflection in a hand mirror:

Yeah I remember seeing a Spanish one doing the Flamenco haha
As much as I HATE spiders, I love these little guys. Jumping spider on the wall: "Oh hey there spider buddy!" Any other spider: "OHMYGODKILLITWITHFIRE! STOMP, SMASH" I've even brought them home from work to live at my house eating bugs. This way they'll be safe from co-workers smashing them and I get pest control. Not a bad deal.
Are these the same spiders I've seen referred to as "soldier spiders"? I've had a few in my house and when confronted with a paper or something else to scoop them up with they will put up there front legs in what looks like a defense pose..Edit-their*  
Yeah, the little "come at me bro?" pose? I think that's spider for "WTF!?!?!"
I like to keep spiders in jars sometimes and I had a jumping spider for a few weeks that I would feed other spiders and insects to. I then put a black widow in the jar and within about 10 minutes the jumping spider was dead..Made me sad, but then I had the black widow for like 3 months before it laid a big ass egg sac and I said "fuck this noise" and threw the jar in the garbage.
Man, this is the kind of stuff that makes me wonder how smart some of these are. Fuck house spiders, nasty, angry little fuckers. Jumping spiders though, hell, you can see where this one freaks out when it realizes reality fucked up with there not being a pipe where it should be. You can see it look at the guys hand moving the mirror, then back to the mirror,  then look behind it again. It really does look like it's almost starting to recognize itself in the mirror... Weird. 

This almost makes me not want to burn my house down when i see a spider...

I'm diggin the clip description.
to feel fabulous!
Gems are truly, truly outrageous.
Truly, truly...truly outrageous.... it means nothing without the third truly...
edit:  . is referencing a character from League of Legends  and this is a picture of that character.edit 2: Or he is referencing Jem... in which case, I made . 
Transmog... oh the hours wasted
I am pretty sure he is referencing a children's cartoon from the 80s called Jem.
It's an exact word-for-word quote from Taric, a character from League of Legends, making an indirect reference to the song "Truly Outrageous" from said 80's cartoon..So it's technically both?
I think the LOL character is referencing Jem so the originator of Jems being truly outrageous would be Jem. It is a direct line from the cartoons theme song. I am 28 and do not play LOL so Jem is the one I thought of first. Let me put it this way, if I tell a joke and you hear it then tell it, a third person hears it and tells it word for word how you said it which was word for word how I said it. No matter how many people it goes through as long as it is word for word my joke, then it will always be a reference to my joke no matter how many degrees of tellers it passes through.
But it isn't word for word. . The LoL quote is "Gems? Gems are truly outrageous. They are truly, truly, truly outrageous.".The quote from League of Legends is an indirect one--making a reference simply by word choice, not by reusing lines. Riot's lawyers would have a hard time defending it otherwise. So by quoting League, a reference was made to both..We're both right, and there's not really a reason to be debating it.
I didn't catch the Jem reference, so I added something to go along with it.  I am 27 and I had never heard of Jem.  I think I must've just missed it.
Not really, they're both referencing Jem...
Yea a lot of the things League of Legends champions say and do is a reference. Specifically, all the dances.
Yes, but the quote is solely from League and that was the originally intended reference. If he wanted to reference Jem alone, he would've ...Behold, the majestic double-reference and all of its confusing glory. 
what if i told you.
this fact is bull crap i just spent 43 minutes scanning over the wikipedia page for the jumping spider and theirs nothing about it wearing freakin water hats >.>  .(morpheus meme)
What if I told you that people post pictures onto . with humorous titles that have to to with the image itself, and not with reality?
trollol upboat
Oh I just edited the water-hat-wearing info out of wiki about six minutes ago, which explains your troubles, Ferd.
Oh, Ferd. Never change.
About 3 weeks ago I started seeing . all over my house. They were tiny and mostly see-through, . I'm a major arachnophobe, but I decided not to kill any of them, because they're so damn cute, and they seem to almost have personalities. When I see one on the counter I drum my fingers at it, and while it might jump away at first, it doesn't retreat. It just sits there, a little ways off, watching, waiting, BEGGING for a fight.  .And since I made my non-aggression pact with the spiders, you know what's happened? The carpenter ants we were having problems with have practically vanished. Could it just be the diazinon we sprayed all over the yard and base of the house? I prefer to think it's my new allies..They don't build webs, they fuck shit up, and they're probably the most relatable 8-legged creatures I've ever encountered. And now I know they wear hats.
Are they tiny? Thank god, I guess I had them confused with bird-eating spiders then. Holy shit, a jumping bird-eating spider would be terrifying!
Come visit us at 
They don't retreat when you drum because it's how they communicate!
Actually, spiders are no match for a mature ant colony. Might even be a food source.
yeah i read further down on the wiki article in my first link and it explicitly said "they avoid ants" oh well i got my upvotes ;)
Spiders are really good pest deterrents so having them around the house isn't always a bad thing, it just depends on the species
They have those, y'know. 
Shit, where?
Jungles. And caves. Look up Goliath Birdeater and the giant Huntsman. I can't link them for fear of bringing their wrath upon me somehow. 
Welcome to the club buddy. Fear spiders no longer!
I like this story. . are the only spiders I get around my house. They like to build their webs right in front of my back door. :/.edit: I "there'd" wrong. 
We get . down at my summer house, and they get HUGE
Mostly harmless. And their favorite prey is cellar spiders. I have both in my bathroom. Shit has gone all Mortal Combat up in here.
Eek. Those do not look like fun. I freaked out when our spiders first started to appear but some people on . assured me they were harmless. They're good at killing bugs which is just fine with me. 
 things are all over my place..I know why they call them banana spiders. They are yellow and literally as long as a banana..I know they're relatively harmless, but they look like they belong in a horror movie.
We would get these ...Used to catch flying insects and throw them into their web.  It was almost like watching a T-rex take down a hadrosaur.  Almost.
I'm too afraid to click any of these links, but we get wolf spiders around here occasionally. Angry little bastards
oh fuck walking into unseen banana spider web in between 2 trees why you gotta bring back memories man
Oh yeah those are awesome. I used to work in a restaurant and we had one of these on our back dock. He got huge because we kept catching crickets and feeding to him/her. Then some douche decided to kill it. :(  We named him Flash. .R.I.P Flash. 
Had tons of these growing up. Used to make webs in our large windows on the front of our house. My father would feed them grasshoppers.
We get .. Not chill
Heh, Australian here, we get these.  
In boy scout camp we would find fist sized wolf spiders under tents and logs and such. We would then capture them and gently place them under the coffee can that protected the toilet paper in latrines. I thought it was hilarious until it happened to me. 
I would literally shit. .My friend found one in my bathroom and it was so big he thought I was pulling some kind of prank on him. He goes, "Hey get in here and look at this." To which I respond, "Yo I don't want to look at your shit man." He sounded like he was freaking out so I finally came in and discovered what looked like a fucking tarantula. With it's legs it was almost the size of a hand. .I was too afraid to capture and release it because I heard they can give you huge skin ulcers. So sad to say we coated it in an ocean of raid.
i would've done the same thing, maybe get a blow torch
OH MY GOD! Those fangs at .. Nopeys.edit: apparently I suck at linking but you get it. 
I..I like Wolf Spiders. Now Recluses...those freaks suck.

Spiders: the craftiest bastards alive
Seems like they've just evolved to scare us everywhere
Just wait till we get a colony going on the moon, and first thing we find is a spider floating around with a space-suit made of webbing or something equally goofy.
Octopi.
Southerner here. We have these everywhere: .They're tiny, hard to see, wicked fast, and some peoples' immune systems overreact to the poison, causing the flesh to deteriorate around the bite. True story. 
I knew a guy when I lived in Augusta Ga. He got bit by a coral snake, and a brown recluse. Survived. But it rotted a good portion of the fat and muscle off the left side of his abdomen. Wade something was his name.
My sisters boyfriend got but by one of those last year. He's been terrified of spiders since, but it's pretty funny because he's a big guy. 
Its because of these bastards I'm an 
arachnophobe. I used to love spiders and just watch them do there spider jobs. But a year ago my friend's brother almost lost his arm because he was bit. Since then borderline crippling fear of spiders. I'm coming around lately so long as I see the spider and approach it, not when a wild spider just appears. 
yeah you don't fuck around with brown recluses, one of the things concerning me with moving down south lol
A childhood friend of mine was bitten by one. In Maine.
They are actually quite harmless.  There was an article last week about a family that had over 4000 of them living in their house and no one was bit once.  .You have to provoke it some how for them to bite you and its usually an accident when yo go to grab something.  If you have a cellar in the south you always check things that have been there for a while.  They like to hide in the dark spots. 
They're actually not too hard to get around if need be. They can't climb on ceilings because their legs aren't strong enough, they're not aggressive to humans, and they don't build webs. What you need to watch out for is your clothes. The trick to these things is that it gets too hot for them outside, so they come in and like to hide in clothes, blankets, things in general just lying around. .Just be sure to give your things a good shake before you put them on. 
yeah i read the wikipedia article and they said that was the biggest thing, thanks!
Southern Illinoisan here. We get them too along with these fat yellow spiders with black spots (not black and yellow garden spider) that like to hang out right about the back door at night. We even get a black widow every now and then. Coming within a few inches of touching a Black Widow when I was 13 had to be one of the scariest moments of my life. 
I've had a couple of run-ins with black widows as well, as in the female ones with the red hourglass. Arachniphobe or not, those are intimidating creatures. The way they move... Just. Blech. Nope. 
I was cleaning out the basement and brought out an old golf bag to be cleaned. I dragged it up the stairs outside and finally saw the not so little bastard staring up at me about 3-4 inches away from my hand. Nope. Nopenopenope.
I'm in the south, too. I've yet to come across a brown recluse, luckily. 
Venom*
It's spiders like these that tarnish the name of good-hearted spiders everywhere.
Pretty much. I've met people who have lost limbs to these spiders. 

My biggest hobby is macro photography, and I couldn't agree with you more from what I've seen!.Every time I see a jumping spider, it's a treat. They have such amazing personalities-- in fact, they always look at my camera lens. Seriously, they move only their head to follow it around. .This little guy immediately jumped on my camera, but he was absolutely adorable. Other than when he made me drop it(I'm thankful for neck straps) and then run around trying to get him off, hahaha..Plus, and this always gets me-- as a man-- to d'aww, they will turn their head like a dog when it's confused. I can't get enough of it.
They see their reflections and react. If you really want to have fun, get a lil compact mirror and show it to them. They'll do a war dance and become very confused. I freaking love jumping spiders. They are so much cooler than those boring web spiders.
Yet to the things they regard as food and not "Heyyyyy what's that this thingy?".They slaughter and maim insect prey like a jovial psychotic. ...my admiration of them has increased.
There's something about their sight that makes them look friendly. I love em. IIRC they cannot move their eyes in their sockets so they must rotate their entire head to look directly at something. They're basically the nipped-up cats of the spider world. 
Forward facing eyes. They need them for judging distance. And since we hairless monkeys like thinks that remind of ourselves the spiders get a pass and we think they are adorable.
They look at and jump at the cameras because they like shiny things and are very naturally curious. I'm not sure if it's because they see their reflection and try to go after it or just think bright shiny stuff is neat, but in the videos I've seen of them jumping onto video camera lenses they don't seem particularly aggressive about it.
Curiosity is a natural predatory instinct. And predators are almost always smarter than herbivorous creatures. 
For having eight eyes, spiders actually have very poor eyesight and depend more on vibrations for detecting prey than their eyes. Furthermore, as much as I love spiders, I highly doubt they have the cognitive capacity to be "very naturally curious" or even recognize their own reflection.
Jumping spiders have very good vision and can even see in color. Spiders have incredibly complex behaviors and even personalities. Don't underestimate the arachnids! 
You're right. I did a little reading a minute ago and jumping spiders are one of the exceptions. In general, though, spiders have poor eyesight that is used for detecting light and the direction it's coming from.
They're also known for their awareness of humans. When they notice a human looking at them, their behaviour sometimes changes. 
So sayeth the wikipedia article
I think you are anthropomorphizing a little (a lot actually). You really have no idea whether it is aggressive or not since they have no ability to injure the camera lens. For all you know, they could expect the shiny spot to die or run away when they jump at it. They could simply be expecting a water droplet and a nice hat to wear. We have no idea. 
Nope. They are people.
Good point. I take that back. 
this is an example of you NOT being a cunt... I was as surprised as you. 
Yeah, I'm sure they mean no harm when they do it, it's just freaky when A: I don't know where a spider is, and B: it's on top of 5,000 dollars of camera gear. ): .That said, that description makes them even more adorable and I think I love them now.
.
Regal as fuck.
Adorable. 
[deleted]


looks like its smiling :`)



I just vomited.
NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOOOOOOOOPPPPPPEEEEEEEEEEE
RIP guy in gif...
honestly i cant think of a good way for the gif to end. if he caught it, would he just stand there forever holding the thing against the ceiling?
Yes, to insure safety from the spider.
No, you glue that container to the ceiling and leave it...
I don't think I could stay that close to it anyways. The fact that it's behind glass does not help. And imagine if it jumped against the glass. I mean-.. WHO WOULDN'T LET GO?
Holy shit, where is this? So I never go there
Your house.
Imagine a ceiling full of those things. Fuck.
I don't think that's possible since spiders aren't that social, but yeah, that would be freaky.
He stands there and keeps it from getting away while they burn the house down. 
I don't want to finish that gif...
2spooky4me
3spooky5me
upvote if u sceam  evry tiem
See I don't know if it's overkill, and but I'd honestly use a fucking gun. .That just me? 
Legend has it when my great great uncle immigrated to Australia he saw a huntsman crossing the floor and shot it. The bullet hole is still there to this day.
You'd also end up getting arrested. 
Nah, single round in your house, people will just assume it was a car or something.
Sniper Rifle, don't want to get too close
spider rifle.
Shoots spiders, wouldn't recommend
Does it . spiders? Or shoot .?
that would be an absolutely fantastic crowd deterrent weapon
It s.o.s sp.e.s
Get the eight eyes attachment. 
Doesn't matter; Got spider.
Inside.
Go buy an airsoft gun. They are PERFECT for these. I have a Glock 23 that has full auto, and I've killed spiders like this from a distance. It's got enough power that the spider explodes when you hit it. So you have to clean up some nope, but you know it's dead as shit..Edit: Not Glock 23, Glock 18. I have a real Glock 23 and just confused the models.
Cool I'm not the only one who uses an airsoft gun to kill spiders and shot like that. I have a HK USP .45 and works great to kill those fuckers. I also have a AK-74T which works great for long range targets. I have those cause I like to go to airsoft battles my buds have so I just happen to have these guns and use them against spiders and shit. I don't really care if they're outside but those fuckers are dead if I see them in my house.
A . G23?  All the full auto airsoft glocks I know of are the WE G26 and of course the G18. 
Sorry, yes G18. My real Glock is a 23. I confuzzled myself.
As long as you don't confuse them while spider hunting..
Could end badly.
Or just better than expected

This isn't particularly valid for my house; the vast majority of spiders that I find in my house are brown recluses.
Holy shit. I'm terrified of those. If I ever saw one I'd burn my house down.
I have a spider bro, a wolf spider lives in my room behind my desk. As long as i dont find him on my bed or body we are all good. Havent seen a roach in a month.
Ugh. It even uses "le".
spookyme
spooky(+2)me?
No,  is smaller than, equal to . bigger than . Think about this. How many numbers are there between 0 and 1? .How many are there between 0 and 10?  but a bigger .
for . number between 0 and 10, dividing it by 10 gives you a . number between 0 and 1.  this means the two intervals are of equal "size", because there is no number in [0,10] that cannot be mapped to a partner in [0,1].
My brain hurts, man.

Holy shit. I never thought about it like that.  .Math is pretty crazy sometimes...
Well, I guess you win. Now, come out of that vault and accept your reward
What's the reward?
nothing.we just filled the vault with spiders.push em back in boys
rabble rabble rabble
Ooh... jumpy. Not cozy being that guy.
one time i was mowing my neighbors lawn (parents made me(........and this gargantuen fking spider came up and bit it really hard in the leg....it hurt so bad and it was red for like a week.....dont think it was poisonous or anything just painful lol.....whatever i try to squish every spider i see because of that......
Needs.... More....... Ellipsis............
Ellipses.......
You got bit by a spider and you didn't go to the hospital? Smart.
a) You just replied to . who is basically . part 2.b) Depending where you live being bitten by a spider is no biggie.
Please tell me those are troll accounts. 
Yeah. How on earth do you get -32.7k karma in a month by accident?
Not all spider bites are very harmful. Many -- in fact, most, I think -- are relatively harmless annoyances, like mosquito bites and singular bee stings.
Only 2 species currently native to the US are venomous. 
Good to know! Especially since my basement apartment is riddled with them..I think they like me.
Also, the two aforementioned venomous species, the brown recluse and the black widow, are (as the adage goes) more afraid of you than you are of them. The normal reaction is to run when they see you, and will not (for most brown recluse, .) attack you predatorily. So no worries about being attacked..Lastly, we're lucky as hell, because both species are readily distinguishable from others. The black widow is (to my knowledge) the only spider with a red abdominal hourglass. The brown recluse is . the only spider with a fiddle-shape on its back (hence the name fiddleback spider); if you see that shape on a brown spider, just assume it is a brown recluse. If you're like me and want to investigate, you can count their eyes. They are the only spider with a fiddle-back and 3-sets of compound eyes instead of 4.
Smrt
Did you get super powers?
I was Harlem Shaking (with my parents(............ And my neighbor came over in a Spider suit xD I rofl
So random lol

You dropped these:.) ) (  _ )
Risus ipsum.
I originally downvoted your comment because no one wants to see you laughing but then I noticed your username...
check his post history lol
I was not expecting that.
You're not doing well with this whole downvote troll thing. -21 is pathetic.
yeah, but when the spider finds your airgun, then you are fucked 
Fuck, didn't think of that.

Grenade. 
Oh my! :-) 
Turns out the instructor was swapping his cell biology with some student's anatomy..Edit: Accidentally included a an extra word
' 
Apparently, he's an online predator. 
lol can't believe its actually real
What a pos!
[deleted]
Not sure if I'd rather get double jerked by two dudes but have to jerk each of them, or rather just the single external jerk while helping that person jerk me
I thought girls liked guys with a sense of humor. If I were a girl, I'd feel perfectly welcome and excited to have these three fellas as my roommates. 
Lmfao definitely something I would have done. Kudos!
Typical Friday night minus girl roommate 
Sooo, New Girl IRL? 
I'm the only girl in a house of three guys, plus my boyfriend is usually over..Somehow this has yet to happen....
They all do.
Sucks to be the middle guy 
How fat is she?
Guy in the middle getting a double dutch. Nice one
Something about the show New Girl.
I smell a sitcom!
you are on a perfect way to be back at house of 3 guys
My name is Danielle and this scared the shit out of me
Aaaand she's gone.
Opened image expecting a laugh and got one.  .Was not expecting to see my name on the board however.  .An upvote for you.  =)
reminds me of 
Reminds me of the Emma Watson scene from This is the End.
In my opinion that was the best part of the movie
I liked when they were arguing over where they were allowed to jizz...
I'd love to live with Ron Burgundy, Patrick Stewart, and Billy Mays!
It's actually the guy from Workaholics, Vin Diesel, and Al Borland
I'd watch that show.
I'd be moving right back out.
what the fuck is that thing to the left and . do you call it??

[deleted]
She reminds me more of Roger from American Dad.
I never would have made that connection myself, but wow, nailed it!
The irony is this is the result of vanity..I was in line behind a guy at the bank that didn't just have a comb-over: He only had a fringe left but he let that grow out and he brill creamed it into a swirl of hair, like an ice cream cone..And I was thinking this happened a day at a time, until he arrived at this freakish hairstyle, again all in the name of vanity.
Sweet Jesus those little fuckers still haunt my dreams! 
Thing 1 and Thing 2 had to come out of someone
Who is that who?
Can you not post this in the comments section for the post you are replying to?
Absolutely gorgeous!
My first thought: 
I actually chuckled
She drools all the time.
You and the top comment on that post.
that means there has to be another one D:
thing one and thing two
Look at her eyes.. she's looking straight at the camera
My first thought was a Two and a Half Men line:."Oh my god, what happened? Did you fellate a beehive?"
SERIOUSLY WTF AM I LOOKING AT?!?! 
Yeah, but I'd still bang the one on the right.. 
Joan Rivers? 
What the fuck!?
So...much...repost...
What is this witchcraft?

Mmm titty sprinkles
The never ending vicious cycle will continue. 
karma whoring..... :/
Al Kaline finished his career with 399 home runs.  You can't buy class like that.
To bad he didn't keep going and going and going...
OMG That's fucking hilarious!!!!111!
Is that pita bread with blocks of lard/butter in the bottom right corner?
Looks like sponges for the makeup
Normal riders can get boring.
I use the "[whoever], I'm looking in your direction." all the time, especially with my kids.  .Another great example of how The Simpsons embiggens the English Language.
I don't remember asking you what your favorite scene from The Simpsons was.
Now that's what I call......
No you didn't.

You sir are a fag

I would agree if he'd made it a Vista logo.
I'm not so sure about better.......
I did, good sir.

You just trolled yourself?
Those are reposts of my original post a few months back..I decided to share it again under a new account because I want more karma.
well you dont get any
Why not? I assure you it's no trouble for me. I have 1000's of karma on my other accounts. And you have what? 1? 
If reddit had a dog mascot, I would want it to be Murray.
Adorable
When you say health nut, do you actually mean bodybuilder (whether professional or not)? That would definitely explain the waxing. 
And people wonder why not Zoidberg.
An up vote for you! Good sir! 
Wow you're so hilarious!
good for you.
Ah, the fresh air feels good!
There was this weird novelty account that all he posted was " You should cover yourself in vaseline and pretend to be a slug". .This was his moment.

I just watched this episode....
I scrolled past this gif while listening to techno and it worked TOO well.
How do you save gifs to an I phone and send them? I don't feel like googling it 
Lol I died laughing at that gif xD
"Ah the air feels gooboobolbobod"."Stop doing that!"
Great. Windows Live Family Safety blurred it out for me...
Upvote for zoidberg.
Look at ferds comment karma....
What an exchange that must have been..I called my friend earlier and asked him when his next day off was, if anyone's interested.
When I am home alone I run around naked. No matter what. I make a point to lap the whole house. That is exactly what I look like.
I am offensive and I find this zoidberg.

I know it's my own hang ups, but I'd feel like less of a man by not having body hair.

Oh man. I can't stop watching. I really want to get waxed. .It's really not that painful.  Well, if you take a couple Tylenol and smoke a bowl before hand. ;)

no you didn't.
DD 19 months saw this GIF, yelled out "BABY!" and laughed like crazy. Apparently this amuses a wide range of ages.
This gif doesnt even need a topic to be funny.
How has nobody said this yet, it's going to hurt like a son of a bitch.
Beyond the question of why anyone would want to wax their entire body (professional swimmer is all that comes to mind), who gives a shit?
Why not Zoidberg?
as an esthetician, every full body wax booked is met with, 'aghh mother fucker. god damnit I don't wanna' (they're generally the shittiest tips for the amount of time and just a lot of work)
But what gif did you send him?

Booby physics!!! 
Did you call him gay for wanting to look like a Pre-pubescent boy?
As someone who does this for a living. (esthetician) I can confirm that some men, do look into the mirror afterwards and shake like a just groomed puppy. 
......why are you telling people.im watching futurama right now (bend her, season 5, eps 13) and i still think you are a weirdo for telling the internet this. .who cares dude. thats not even relevant. thats zoidberg taking off his shell.is your friend a gooey lobster under his hair
 (NSFW-ish) 
What does his boyfriend think?
Its nearly the same thing :|
Your friend is doing this because he's a narcissist, not a health nut.
And women shave their legs and put on make up because they're narcissistic.
Well, duh.
are you one of those accounts that reposts comments with decent scores to try to ride the wave?
Yup, that's what I do.
I love mixing this gif with random songs. .Example: 
This is the greatest GIF I have ever seen!

This kind of post kills me inside.  You couldnt keep your little banter with your friends between yourselves.  If YOU were sent the gif, this would be fine, like "look how clever and funny my friends are.".instead it's like, "hey reddit, look how reddity i am!"
It's absolute shit. The title, the content, 90% of the posts in this thread. Absolute shit. I don't understand how people can continuously upvote pure shit.  
Is there something humorous about this exchange that I'm missing?
Nope.  Humor-free thread.
Beyond the question of . anyone would want to wax their entire body (professional swimmer is all that comes to mind), what does him being a health nut have to do with anything?
I assume you mean men? Because no one seems to ever question women going to great lengths to remove body hair.
I'm a dude and I remove it all. I just look better with it all gone. Chicks can say "no it's not manly!!!" Well if hair is what makes you determine who is "manly enough" then you got issues I don't want to get involved with. Sure my buddies give me shit for it now and then, but who cares???  I've met plenty of girls who dig it, to each their own. 
actually I'm an esthetician, we don't really understand why women wax peach fuzz (like stomach/back/upper arm etc)
As a regular cyclist, I'm supposed to shave my legs.  It's less a performance thing - the stated aerodynamic reasons are bullcrap, and more a post-race massage, sunblock application, and dealing with road rash after the inevitable crash thing..In reality, it's sort of like the calling card of cycling - you shave your legs, so you're part of the "in club".  
I'm a swimmer ( not professional) but I travel for competitions and its a pretty normal thing. Some guys like myself who have patchy hair and shit, we just look better if we take it all off. Except for the pits... don't shave those. 

As a hairy man, I have been debating getting a body wax. I think it might be nice not to look like the yeti.
Don't. Just buy a pair of good clippers and keep everything a clean length.
At least you can choose to not look like a yeti.  Some people have no choice.
I haven't met a single girl that actually likes body hair. Tolerate, sure. Likes? Nah. There's a big difference.
Stop hanging around girls and find yourself a woman
That is very true, and the same goes for people who have ..
There are plenty of girls that like body hair. The whole you have to wax or shave thing is a pretty recent thing.
I don't know about that, I think there are plenty who will tolerate it. To a certain degree. But like is a very different word... but I guess that's just what I think from my experiences.
As an appreciator of hairy men, don't do the chest/legs. Back/shoulders ok, but not the chest and legs!
As a hairy woman, I have been debating it too. But I'm too scared, it probably hurts.
Get good and drunk before hand? Though that's my advice for most things in life.
Yes it hurts but probably not half as bad as you think or are made to belief by stories. Make an appointment and ask the girl to try it on a small patch of skin. If you can't handle the pain (and I promise it's probably way less painful than you think), just stop the treatment. You'll be forever grateful and proud you did it.
Well, most women I know prefer a hairy man over a waxed man(nequin), at least.
You have now! My man has a thick, full chest of black Persian hair and it's all over his arms and his back...I LOVE it. His brother apparently shaves his own chest every single day (to please his wife), I've made it very clear to my man that he will never have to do such a thing on my behalf. I promise you there are plenty of ladies out there who appreciate men just the way they are!
Back hair is the worst.. If I dont shave it I look like a werewolf. 
Ultimate speed on the slipe'n'slide...dat low drag
Quite the opposite. 
*SCREECH * best put some more water on the slip n slide

That is ridiculously high quality.
Slimy, yet satis
Disney animation.
watch it a few more times it's all there.
Risky click of the day...
that's what it feels like when I take my bra off
DAMN YOU. I was scrolling through to make sure no one else had said it before I did. I'll have my day, it may not be today, but I'll have it. 
Here, have an upvote for reading through the comments and upvoting someone elses comment rather than placing your own. Thank you for using Reddit the correct way.
Wow, thank you. You get an upvote in return for being curteous and also using reddit correctly.
I can only imagine how smooth my whole body would be after waxing... .Edit: I'd assume it would be like 
Oh boy let me fucking tell you, do it right. Please, anyone thinking of shaving their back or something, read this and let it be a lesson..One week ago, I had this really sore spot on my back. I'm a pretty hairy guy so I asked my girlfriend to shave one little spot to see if she could see anything. We got to it and found a little pimple. Problem solved? No, my nightmare was just beginning.."Hey could I shave the rest of your back? I want to see what it's like.".I should have walked away, screamed no or just punched her in the face because what I actually did was so much worse. I said yes..First off, don't . your back. Second, don't let someone who isn't that careful with a razor shave your back. Third, don't shave your fucking back..I don't know how that girl has any skin left on her legs but jesus christ she destroyed me. I've never had razor burn like that before. We got about half way through, the partially shaved half still covered in stubble, before I asked her to stop.."Fuck it I'll just let it grow back in, no big deal. Then I put my shirt on. It's like having velcro for skin. That combined with the fact I haven't felt fabric directly on my skin for a while it was a world if discomfort.."Fuck, this is horrible"."Well I have some waxing stuff at home, but most of those hairs are too short now"."Fuck it, we're going to the store"..I just wanted it to end, I was just so uncomfortable. I nearly ran into superstore, straight to the cosmetics/creams shit. They had different kinds of products like veet and nair. I went with a bottle of nair..We got back home and my girlfriend applied it. Aside from it being a cold cream, it wasn't bad..Until it started to burn. Nair basically chemically burns your hair off so after a minute or two, it starts to sting. Did not feel too good on the razor burn. I stood in the shower, wishing I was dead, while my girlfriend kept saying "you have to wait longer". Finally 3 minutes passed and I turned on the water. RIGHT THEN, she got a call and had to go home, some emergency or something. .The nair shit doesn't wash off unless you scrub it off which is fairly difficult if you can't reach most of your back with your hands. I was now abandoned, back burning, swearing at genetics and trying to scrub my back with a wash cloth. It took nearly 30 minutes to get it all off and even then, it didn't get rid of some of the stubble. .It's been a shitty week but it's only now just starting to grow back out a bit and get softer. If I ever do this again, I'm going to get it professionally done.
You NEVER should use a razor of any kind on body hair. Get Nair or wax it. When you shave hair it leaves the edges of the hair sharp and prickly..I made the mistake of shaving my balls. Two days later I could have sharpened a knife on them with that stubble.
I never have s problem with my balls using a razor
The few times I shaved them I had massive razor burn, stubble itch and one time I sliced a layer of skin off. After that I decided to use a trimmer and just deal with a bit of hair
That's weird. I've always just hacked away at them with a razor. Perfectly smooth and no burn or annoying stubble at all if I do my pubes or hooch, I'm in for a bad time but I usually just stick to my bean bag. 
Oh man don't even get me started on the gooch.
Meh, I've shaved pretty much every part of my body at one time or another without any nightmare stories.  I never understand how people fuck this up.  If you can shave your FACE, the most sensitive part of your body*, you can certainly shave your back..*except for your genitals which I also regularly shave without incident. 
Saying it's like velcro for skin is the best analogy ever. I remember one and only time I tried getting my back waxed, got halfway through and said fuck it I'm not doing the rest. .So, then I got my girlfriend to Nair it because I couldn't leave it half waxed and half hairy. Oh my god....the Nair inevitably got onto the area that had already been waxed and it felt like someone was holding a blowtorch to my back. .Luckily, most of the hair did come off but I am never doing that again. From then on I've just used electric clippers to trim it down and said fuck it, that's as far as I'm going.
I would . wax my balls, don't know about you.
If your hair is too long, you need to use a set of electric clippers and shorten it before you go to town with a razor.  That's what prevents the razor burn..I tried Nair too once, but I could never get past the smell that just lingers for hours, even after I shower immediately.
Nothing like the smell of an 8 week old, hard boiled egg that has been sitting inside a plastic bag, inside your trunk, during 110 degree weather.
As a one-time stupid 19-year-old who's girlfriend wanted me to have no chest hair for one summer, I only have one thing to add....
If you think nipples are bad... Never use it on your balls... FUCK THAT!
Just shave your chest in the shower. Apply some soap beforehand. And don't cut off your nipples.
Or you know, just don't.
If your chest is hairy you can't see all those striations you get from working hard in the gym. Just personal opinion, my friend.
Get the Nair/Veet for sensitive skin, that's fine on the balls.
I had to shave my chest once because I got an ECG and they had to spot-shave me for the sensors to adhere.  I ended up shaving the whole thing because the little spots looked so ridiculous.  It was fine, and growing in was okay (not itchy, no razor burn or ingrown hairs) but irritation from my shirts rubbing against the stubble was abominable.  The moral of that story is once you shave, you have to keep shaving, because the growing-in phase is agony.
I can only imagine the ingrown hairs.... 
As someone who's had their legs/underarms/bikini waxed, ingrowns aren't really a problem.
Lucky you.
Your dick would turn into  
I would think instantly losing one's erection would render it removable. The verbiage states the barbs do not puncture the skin of the penis. So the only thing holding it in place is friction. 
HAHA, holy shit!  Could you just imagine seeing a woman come in to the ER with her pants down and some dude with his pants down attached at the hip trying to get away with blood running down her legs as it rips his dick apart.
The thing doesn't get stuck inside the woman, the barbs grab the guys dick when he tries to move it away.
Now I don't want to click on it......
Imagine literally . hair becoming ingrown as it tries to grow back in..Imagine right now, I'll wait.
So much pus.
If you keep it clean and moisturize, this wouldn't be a problem.
It would be an r/popping dream come true... 
*No hair grows for a month*.*Skin has lots of bumps, you look like you're covered in herpes*.*Hold nose, blow hard*.*BOOM!*.*Pus everywhere*.*You are now sasquatch*
God dammit that's funny.

That sounds like something from star trek..edit: wait that was something from star trek!.
that lady who turned into a sasquatch in tng.
Or the salt monster in TOS.
Haha, I haven't reached that episode yet, I guess.
I just watched that episode last night!
Wiping his butthole will be a whole new luxury. 
I tried that. Hurt like hell, but worth it. Then I realized scissors mostly accomplished the same thing without paying someone to inflict pain and humiliation upon you. 
On a side note. It will also become a slimy cess pit of butt cheese on sweaty days. .The hair bats away most of the sweat normally.
Relief from those pesky dingleberries.
I can't believe there are people who still have ass hair.it's the 21st century people!
Did evolution remove butt hair when I wasn't looking again?
it's called the mach 3
This man needs sauce on the story of what happens when people shave their ass hair.
pooping becomes 100 times better?
your but sweats and being without hair it can't properly leave (the way it normally does think a burette in a titration), the result is the cheeks suction together holding back a brewing stew of sweat and excrement. In the story i was thinking of the OP pulled the cheeks infront of a fan and gagged himself and his entire dorm with the awful smell. and then later the hair comes in creating a nice velcro feel in the crack...
Yeah.... I think the person in that story is morbidly obese and has bad hygiene in general. .Having removed my butt hair before - your butt cheeks do slide against each other more noticeably when you're super sweaty, but that's not a big deal, and wiping your butt because much easier. Although I use baby wipes for that anyhows. 
it has definitely made me scared to try it though, the sweat or the Velcro would be enough for me to say no. .unless the semi-solids are coming out im fine with wiping the longer hair.
What does that even mean captainsmallshlong? Its the 21st century, get a bigger dick for fucks sake.
Have you ever shaved your ass?  Worst idea ever
[deleted]
Why? I've never had any problems?
There's a 'right' way to do it?
It's always painfully sweaty without hair.
Well, there are chemical hair removers. Im sure you could use those instead of shaving. Though, i cant weight in on how safe it is to use around those areas.
I'd disagree with you...I'd say it's one of the better things you can do
Until it starts to grow back.. then the itchiness is brutal
this is a myth
Trim.
No, it's really not
yes it is
man I could donate so much to locks of love
Not necessarily. Bare skin under the right temperature and humidity conditions will provide more friction against the toilet paper than skin with hair on it. The key, regardless of hair, is to eat a healthy diet such that your poo falls out in 1 log, with hardly any wiping involved.
1 log with hardly any wiping sounds like the stuff of dreams. 
Fiber supplements. 
It can be done, believe me, I seen't it!
Psyllium Husks dude. You'll never poop so good.
or flax meal in your oatmeal in the morning, its been amazing
It's pretty much the only feedback I have to know that I'm doing something right with my life.
Putting me out of business :(
7 months...
What does being a health nut have to do with body waxing?
Long shot, but I bet OP's bro is a fitness enthusiast and wants to look great and show off his muscles..Good for him, stay jealous, OP.
I don't think OP meant for health but to be linked with body waxing, i think it was more to do with Zoidberg being flabby and OPs friend being the opposite.
Showing off gains, I would do it but I don't have any hair:(
i think it was more about the rolls of flabby fat jiggling around, and the fact that it looked shiny and freshly waxed.
"Health Nuts" jump from fad to fad, while those who actually do research and choose healthy choices are just healthy.
I assume being a health nut means he works out a lot. Sweat in hair of any kind leads to bacteria growth, which leads to body odor. No body hair = little to no body odor. 
the dudes I know really into swimming get waxed to lower their drag.
That while there may be a health benefit to the attitude, the commitment is out of vanity.
Zoidberg is fat.  Blow to friend's self esteem.
Health nut doesn't have to mean eating right for nutritional reasons, it could be his friend is really vain and wants to enjoy the appearance of a hairless body? Seems like a lot of porn stars wax and they gotta look good for the cameras right?
I think he meant gay friend. 
If he's a health nut he is probably weightlifting and some people who have built some muscle wax their body since the muscles look a little more defined that way.
Well brazilians have made crabs endangered.
word for word what I said to myself after reading the title
a lot of times those to do go hand in hand
Those of us who are fit like to be smooth, too.
Some people think body hair allows bacteria to breed...that could be it. 
Body hair helps stop bacteria from entering your body...
I'm an avid hiker, obviously, and I shave all my body hair once or twice a year to combat body odor, which is caused by bacteria.  I find that I sweat less, and the lack of body hair retains less oils, which bacteria feed on. I'm vegetarian as well so I already have little body odor, but by keeping my pits trimmed and shaving my body once or twice a year, I can get away with just using salt crystal deodorant which is better for your body and doesn't ruin your clothes.  
[deleted]
that's exactly how it works...i'm sure you've heard of ., right?
I don't know that that is necessarily true, but body hair has been known to attract/allow a habitat for ringworm.
And it gets stinky quicker.
You're both wrong.
[deleted]
specially those in your stomach. if you'll excuse me, I got to go drink half a gallon of bleach.
Lamborghini Mercy Amanda was so thirsty
Lol Amanda Todd
So tasteful!
That's some advanced level thought processing good job. 
.. you do realise that pretty much every centimeter of your body is covered in bacteria, right? Both inside and outside. And you're (most likely) still alive?.
People not to stop buying into the whole "zomg you need to have antibacterial soap because otherwise you're gonna die!!" thing.

Well seeing as he deleted his comment I'd like to say that he . serious.
The GIF is all soft and floppy, which is the opposite of what a health nut's body would generally be. The juxtaposition of this image with someone who is a health nut is most likely intended to elicit an amused response.
, providing analytical breakdowns of internet humor since 2013.
Pfft I totally did it last year, too.
I think OP just forgot his friend's name
OP's friend is imaginary.
OP is the one getting waxed.
i upvoted you then read your username and downvoted you (inmature username above lets keep these kids off our site)  ."when the going gets tough, restore redit".
-me
your name seems less mature than his.I'll take self deprecating humor over poor spelling anyday
Maybe you wouldn't have all these downvotes if you just downvoted him/her and moved on..EDIT: Maybe I wouldn't have all these downvotes if I just downvoted FabulousFred and moved on.
How the fuck is that an "Immature" user?? Your user is more immature than that! And considering your poor grammar I'm guessing you're fairly young too!
Don't worry man, it's just Ferd.
"Let's keep these kids off our site".Says the obvious troll

Me/Ghandi 
FTFY
It's Reddit* Ferd you silly goose.
I'm quoing you Ferd! Those r some words of wisdom. #restoringreditferdstyle

Just laugh nervously and move on... That's what I do every time I see Ferds posts.
you must be new here
It's ferd. 
It's almost endearing when people start referring to him by name.
He has a sub dedicated to him you know 
People will idolize anyone.
Fucking Ferd.
He combined the words fart and terd to make his username. Who's the real immature one here?
Pretty sure it's spelled 'turd'
Joke killer.
Personally, I find ferd's more clever trolls to be hilarious.
Agreed. Tis a funny man. I just never know to up vote him or down vote him. It's a tough decision. 
Down vote and move along
Go back to the depths of Hell from which you came, Satanic Pony.

I've seen a variation of this picture posted three times in the last two days, credit to you for the extra edit though.
I also made this . :P
So . why Geoff Johns left Green Lantern.
When I read 'The Queen Lantern Corps' I thought there was going to be a parade of gay guys in colored latex using the power of their fabulousness to fight crime.  Now I'm somewhat disappointed.
I just read The Blackest Night...this is amazing.
I wonder what would happen if The Hulk got a hold of a red power ring... The destruction of the universe would prob occur quite rapidly.
-.- Hulk is marvel
I am aware of that. And the Green Lantern is DC. However they have done crossovers before. I would just find it interesting to see the Hulk wearing a Red power ring. Because a being who's power grows exponentially stronger as it gets angrier, and a ring that induces rage in its wearer would be something to see. I would suspect 1 (or more) of 3 things would happen. .1) The massive feedback loop of anger empowers the hulk so much that he is unbeatable by any being in the universe, including all other power rings. And goes on to destroy all of creation..2) The hulk can not contain the amount of rage and grows exponentially large that he himself explodes. In essence it kills him. OR.3) The ring can not contain the rage within the hulk and it destroys itself.
This is brilliant.
Fucking perfect man
I'd love a little more information. The original ad, maybe your website that you showed him, anything really!
I get backlash like that from clients too :\ . Only it's usually more like, "why should I pay you when I could do it for free". Makes me wonder why they put up an ad to begin with...
OMG this is fucking .. .Pearce Cutter and his Martials Arts More Than a Minute is my new internet hero.
Whoa, such hostility!  I'm curious now, what did the ad you responded to look like?
at least he hopes you have a nice live

Probably a bad idea to share that but oh well...time to have fun.
I am feeling especially ornery due to being outside in 45/110 degree weather for several hours today, but damn if my first thought wasn't: "Huh. Good thing I don't have kids. I'd punch the little fuckers in the face for that stunt." I wouldn't, of course, but I think I'd have to buy me ice cream and eat it in front of them..Tl,Dr: I'm grouchy today.

Funny to everyone but the people with autistic kids 
As a single mother, this offends me
Not funny. Or original. God damn this website is tired...
Just go kill yourself and get it over with if your life is so bad. 
What did you just type
I taught my kid brother to do this. He was about six when I taught him about the "milkshake" game. I then told him the best way to play it is by yelling "MILKSHAKES" repeatedly until Dad pulls over and buys you one. Its worked a couple times for him too, he's 12 now and will still do it when he's in the car going past an In n' Out..Just a big bro trying to score my lil' bro some milkshakes.
Correct!
"scream until daddy comes inside"
it makes me sad that I also took a picture of the DQ sign on babcock and just never uploaded it 
Same...
Love seeing this every time I'm headed home!
The best part? 
This Dairy Queen is on Babcock Blvd.
That's right. BabCOCK.
John 3:3?
This is the second time i've been fucked by Dairy Queen

412----pittsburgh...whats up!
So much Pittsburgh love here. Go North Hills!
Upboats for all the yinzers
Reminds me of the South of the Border billboard on I-95. ."Keep yelling kid, they'll stop"
hey is this on babcock blvd?
Screaming all the way back to reposts from the 1990's.
Called em'. They don't have battletoads :(
 DQ survives the apocalypse 
I sadly know exactly where this DQ is...
Is it time for the weekly repost of this picture already?
I have that sign on a National Lampoon poster I got like 15 years ago
I saw it in an issue of National Lampoon some time around 1978.
Am I the only one that read it as 412 931 4208 SCREAM UNTIL DADDY STOPS THE CAR
I'm happy to now know 2 things from this thread. One, that this was part of a weird national ad campaign and not just local. Two, that there are a lot of Yinzers on Reddit. I drove by this sign for a month on my way home before finally stoping for a pic and some ice cream of course. Now my belly is full of ice cream...an karma...mmmmm....thanks!
Some reason this reminds be of big daddy
My girlfriend used to work there. They never saw it as appropriate but people thought it was funny.
My childhood didn't work that way.  The phrase . had multiple endings, none of them good.

/Smith's Skinless Wieners:  Official Hot Dog of the Pittsburgh Penguins
Is this the DQ right off McKnight road?
Yes yes we've all seen this hilarious sign 
This strategy checks out..source: I'm a daddy.
I saw that in Pgh on my way to work! so funny
I just called this place and screamed into the phone and said, "your turn..." She was like, "OMG how old are you? Don't you have better things to do..." And to answer her question, I am 24 and am drinking beer looking at Reddit, so no I don't. I explained to her where I got the number and she is now converted.  
I miss da burgh! My hometown.
Someone should put quotes around "daddy" 
As long as Payton isn't screaming that kid is a dick
I cuss, you cuss, we all cuss for asparagus.
Just like that.
I scream or is' cream?
I thought this was the DQ on Saw Mill Run Blvd. My Pittsburgh is a little rusty, I moved away a year ago. 
The . did it successfully.
You're a bird I'm a bird 
We live in the same area sir. North Hills area of pittsburgh pa. I see this all the time and always considered posting it haha kutos 

YAY FOR PITTSBURGH!
I scream, you scream, we all scream for ice creammmmmmmmmmmmmm
I you scream, you scream, everyone wants some ice cream..Hey Ice cream man, you get da flava in da van !
Beautiful.
I live a min from that DQ, fuckin crazy. Give me karma 

Whoah, I drive past this DQ to go to the Sheetz directly past it.
Is it 1994 in here?
"I scream, you scream, we all scream, and die."
That phone number is way too close to mine.
As a brown kid, my parents would have definitely stopped the car... and proceeded to beat the shit out of me with a wooden spoon 
My local DQ said "Scream until they stop."  This is also the same location that put "Congratulations Snookie!" when she announced she was pregnant.
We should all call that DQ and scream when they answer or when leaving a message. 
Hey, that's a DQ up in Ross Township!
Goddamn Babcock Rd. Pass that every day, glad my kids can't read.
What a depressing view.
Ice cream? I scream. 
Thank you!
Hey Dairy Queen social media interns... please stop, I've seen this like 40 times already.  I already love your softserve.
Hey Pittsburgh! 
That's on Babcock Blvd, isn't it. 
i just drove by this about 10 minutes ago
I screamed.
probably the 5th time iv'e seen this on reddit
Ice cream, you scream.
FTFY
After a long night at Shenanigans we yelled until our DD turned around and had to pull into the parking lot to prove it wasn't open... Great night
If you removed "the car" it would be a whole different dark meaning. .Edit: Oh god, just thought about this... "They scream, I cream"
Google search it - they've been posted that way in years past.
Because, Rape. 
I don't have a dad :(
Better start screaming because this is gonna take a while
How do orphans lose their voice.They scream till daddy comes home
I clicked on the comments just to see how many Pittsburghers were on here verifying the location. Was not disappointed.
Isnt that what it says? Or am I just an idiot?
I saw the original sign that just said "Scream until daddy stops"
Kinky.
Giggity.
heheh its funny because he'll never stop
_
Rape. 
DQ is so sexist. Why can't MOMMY drive the car!?  Does DQ think women can't drive? This is an outrage! /sarcasm
i was actually expecting a serious comment like this.
That's why I had to get a sarcastic one in there first
Because "DADDY/MOMMY/AUNTIE/UNCLE/BABYSITTER/GUARDIAN" is too long to put on a sign like that. Seriously though, probably just a regional thing.
Because specific references in jokes do not discredit another group of people as inferior.
I'll be your dad.  I'm 32, live in a single family home, and although I am married, my wife wouldn't try to be your mom if you didn't want her to.   You would have a two year old brother, so I hope that is okay. I could teach you how to maintain a yard, how to frame a door, introduce you to visual basic .net, and how to properly truss a chicken before roasting.
Visual basic... 
I'm.. I'm a girl, but I would love to learn how to do that stuff... I don' thave a dad, either so...
Psh. Look at this guy, all Mr. 'I'm gonna be a . dad'. Screw that. .I'm 24, not ready for children, have problems paying most of my bills every month, and will make sure that you grow up into the kinda guy who knows how to brew drinkable beer in that one toilet in the house that doesn't drain right, how to fight a guy with a shiv you keep hidden in your rectum, and how to keep a 1987 honda civic running using a pair of pantyhose you 'borrow' from the 'prostitute' in the trunk. If nothing else, you'll grow up into a man with a lot of good stories.
He's the dad we deserve, but not the one we need right now.
Pittsburrrgghhhh
One time my kid was screaming for Chick-fil-a. I pulled over, got him out of his car seat, and put him in time out on the sidewalk in front of Chick-fil-a for yelling at me.  Then put him in the car and drove away without giving him what he wanted.
If he doesn't know his days of the week yet, you could also just tell him that it's Sunday.
I got put in timeout on the sidewalk when I was 3 or 4 and my parents drove away.  .They actually just circled the block and came back a couple minutes later but still, please don't ever think that's a good idea.  That is still one of the first concrete memories I have and I don't find it all too pleasant even understanding as an adult that I wasn't being truly abandoned..Also, I know you didn't drive away, I was just using your mildly relevant story to hopefully keep anyone else from thinking it would be a good idea to actually drive out of view.  Timeouts are totally appropriate though so good on you.
My mom "ran away" when I was a kid once. I threatened to run away, and she said, "don't bother." She got in the car and left me at the house. She says she only drove around the block, but all I remember is sitting on the doorstep crying until she got back. 
I still remember being so appalled, dumbfounded, confused, etc. that I was being abandoned just because I was adamant about what I was hungry for..Among other events throughout my childhood, I have now gone on to lead a very fulfilling life of not trusting anyone.  I have a habit of baiting people into betraying me and even if they don't I just keep giving them chances to.  Then when they finally do I feel relieved to have only lost money/things than all the feels..End downer rant.
Babcock Blvd?
Thank the gods we finally got a Sheetz right there.
Jeebus! I didn't think so many Redditors would recognize this particular location. I do too - drive past it several times a week. 
Burghers Unite!!!.Also join 
And go to Glenn's Custard on Pittsburgh St in Springdale, right next to the giant smokestacks.  
Yes this is Babcock Boulevard , literally 5 minutes from the house I grew up in.
ding ding ding!  Yinz kids want ice cream?! No! We gots to go meet yer mom over at Ross Park, N'at. Gonna get some Cheese Cake factory. 
I knew exactly what this picture was going to be before I clicked it. That sign always irritates me, like don't encourage kids to act like assholes with the expectation that they'll be rewarded with ice cream.  And what about kids that don't have dads?  I mean I'm laughing about all of this but at the same time I still hate that sign.
Oh trust me, I know how you feel. I just start laughing so hard when I think about some kids seeing the sign and driving there parents nuts. And at the same time I know it's wrong. I guess it comes down to the old "it's funny till it happens to me" thing.
Yep, right next the The Barn. 
ALL HAIL PITTSBURGH
Yup, just down from Kniess Mini Golf!  (I live in the North Hills)
North Hills for the win! Go Indians!
Whole crap too many people from the north Hills are on reddit. Thought it was only me. 
Anyone still in high school?
Graduated a while ago, sonny boy
Damn
That's where I'm thinking as well. Just west of McKnight Road?.edit: confirmed with google maps. I grew up just up the street from there! 
Everyone from Pittsburgh gets an upvote!
Can I have an upvote for visiting Pittsburgh for the next few days?
Sure, why not.
Do I get an upvote for just knowing the area code is pittsburgh?  I have memorized way too many areas codes in my time
I'm in 724. But my cellphone is 412... Is that close enough?
Whassup 724!
I'm 724, but was born in 412. Come to think of it, there was no 724 when I was born.
Yeah, im the same. I remember when they started that shit. I was pissed because i can no longer claim to be within the pittsburgh area code. Although, i dont understand why it wasnt always that way, 412 extended through multiple counties.
It wasn't until 724 came along that we even needed the area code. 
I'm in 505, but my cellphone is 412... 
I like how they had to add "the car" after the previous slogan was inadvertently terrifying
There is a little ice cream shop on highway 2 in ohio if you head east. It also says this .Source: I went to cedar point yesterday
That is disturbing.
u
it took me a second, but after finally realizing it, my mind got raped.
you didn't scream loud enough
The font doesn't help
Either way, its good advice
i scream, you scream, the police come, it gets awkward. 
I slam, you slam, we all slam, for Islam!
Yes, the perfect ..
i actually got it from a smoothie bottle :P
Chloroform and/or gags....
But there was ice cream, and all was good.

If he does exist I hope to Dracula he's . one and not . one
What about . one?
Where did they put dracula when he was arrested? .In a red blood cell! .Ba da dum... tiss
No...the joke will forever be on them. 
Wheel bearings are still getting washed out.
Y'all is a contraction of "you" and "all", not "Ya" and "all"
Was this picture taken in Charleston, SC? 
*y'all (colloquial).corrected contraction

OP is faggot. Repost
This post was funnier when it was titled "And on the 4th day the Lord said unto Noah, thou shalt build an arc with spinning rims, and fill it with hunnies".Shitty repost with a shitty title
the joke's on his rear axle. which is full of water after dunking the breather like that. 
The one time being a Mexican is worth it.
666 comments....Upvote for you.
repost
Nope the jokes still on him. He still thinks hes driving a badass car 
well done, sir
If it looks stupid, but it works..It's not stupid.
Deal with it

yo dawg...I heard you like rain...
Are you guys fucking serious?  Stop posting this picture like we haven't all seen it 100 times...
Black To The Future
Is this from Sharknado? 
And by "now" I assume you mean months ago when this was originally posted and reposted several times. 
FEMA Certified Katrina Ready Vehicle
High and Dry.
Please god tell me it also has a whistle tip..WHHOOO WHHOOOOOOOO
Is that Xzibit?
I swear to God this guy and I use the same parking lot.  
Quite possibly the funniest thing I've seen this week so far. Awesome.
No the jokes on all the people who upvoted this repost
Wait, an actual use for donks?
That smile.
Is this picture from Houston, TX?
It shouldnt be called a low rider
I love that sign that says "Caution: Wet Floor" LOL!
Better go see Mr. mr Washie Washie.
If you want to do that to a car, the ('84?, '85?) Caprice Classic is the car to do it to.

Hm, guess it was worth that 10k after all...
Today is a good day.
crafty cholo
Its the new movie Pacific Rim right?

y'all*
How does this keep making it to the front page ffs
Wait, is this not a repost?
Why do I have a feeling this is in miami....
This is like a super-mega-repost...
It's Official. Make it a Meme!
"The joke's on YOUUUUUUU!"
In Miami lo-riders are practical as fuck.
I bet he doesn't have sealed bearings :)

nice

They will never come in handy they said!
I'm sure at no point did he ever think the joke was on him in the first place.
Hope ya have drum brakes in that contraption.
I hope the rear differential is sealed up right.  

I feel like this is the most legit reason to have a car like this. You can't go through mud or sand or you scratch your rims. But when your city floods you're the baddest bad ass there is. Even then you only get to put it to the test maybe 2-3 times in your life. 
Thank you so much for reposting this.
Am I the only one who is wondering why there is a caution wet floor sign ? 
Uhh... because . I swear, y'all people is dumb around here.

That wet floor sign seems kind of unnecessary.
This has to be Miami!   305 
I believe this was originally posted in 
954 got bad too
The wet floor sign 
For safety
Here we see a native in their natural habitat of Atlanta, GA. 
These are called donks.  If you want to see a lot of them watch ..  A lot have a theme, The simpsons, Arm and Hammer baking soda, cookie crisp etc.  There are a lot of other shenanigans on that video as well.
Everything's comin' up Milhouse! 
What is the plural of y'all?
ALL Y'ALL
Confirmed. As a southern, I suggest more "awl y'awl" though. Jus tryin'a be helpfool. :-)
... until a sharknado rolls up on you
or your ass gets flooded by a Shihtzunami!
I was there during this day! This is the Aventura Mall in Florida. I had to run through the water in my work uniform because my car was about to be flooded. The car survived! The pants however...
Aventura Represent 
Still dumb as fuck
Hurricane Sandy
Doomsday Preppers rule #347 
holy shit! Donk-in your shit out actually has one useful purpose, saving survivors in a flood. wow. amazed.
 talkin about this 2 months ago...
You know that's exactly what he's thinking.
Paging 
I would love it if his town started building roundabouts..Give it a few months and no one will be donking their rides.
He actually looks smart in this instance.
nope.  still on that guy.
Houston?
I thought so to, it always floods like this down by the medical center.
I thought they were just blowing money on bling. Who knew they were actually making flood preparations?
Interior crocodile alligator 
The joke is always on people who don't drive a Chevy Caprice.
wet floor sign.... u smart ass
OHHHHHH SNAP!!!
Lol the wet floor sign.
Pay $10 or ford the river....Ford? I'm bout to Chevy that shit.

And God said unto Noah "thou shalt construct a pole upon which thine honeys will dance, so as to entertain your brethren whilst it rains inside and out. Your share of the bounty shall not exceed two shekels from each song. Your room of spirits shall entertain no intercourse unless five pieces of silver or one of gold is produced."
2 honeys of each race*

That's actually incredibly bad for the car. Would probably ruin/severly damage the suspension/brakes/axles.
No it isn't, and no it won't.  All of those things can handle being submerged for a short time with no problems, as long as you rinse them off later and maybe change lube in the axle.  It's not going to do a damn thing to the suspension.
What do you rinse the water off with? water?.I'd be more worried about the wheel bearings than anything else.
If it's salt water, rinse with fresh..Bearings are no big deal, just repack if you need to.  If you're going to sink it a lot, fill in the airspace in the front between the inner and outers with grease, but that'll just melt out anyway.
Still ugly as shit...
Bravo OP, this is the first practical use of these ridiculous mods I've ever seen.
Repost!
Repost...
Inspector Gadget wants his car back.
BEST THING EVER
I always find it interesting when reposts make it back to the front page. Especially when nothing extra was done or said about the image. 
* y'all 
So he waited for a flood? Like high water pants in the desert
DATS wha I needed dem 48's ..SUCKA!
This is in Alberta now right? The flooding here is horrible.
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
WHOOS LAFFIN NOW YALL
My favourite thing about this picture is most definitely the wet floor sign. 
I'd rather see my car drown than be subjected to being donked. 
This is amazing.

The "Caution wet floor" sign makes this picture.
wtf, this is a blatant fucking repost, it wasn't even that long ago it was posted, why is everyone upvoting it again?
Is that being done by hydraulics or merely a lift kit on the car for the rims to fit? I see a lot of cars back home that are just lifted and don't use the hydraulics. 
So he's driving through the Rio Grande?
High water crossing is no prob for my modded low rider!
Asquith ave north of the Bay building in Toronto?
I thought it was Yorkdale but I think you're right.
Why didn't he just buy a nice car and avoid piddles?
A wet floor sign, really world?
I believe he will soon have rear differential issues after ingesting all that water through the vent hose. 
Haha thank you! I was scanning over to make sure somebody else noticed before I made the comment, but what a moron!! have fun with flooded diff and all your shit seizing up.
Ya'll != you all = y'all
I'm from south Louisiana and I didn't even know how it was spelled...
isn't it "y'all?"
Joke's on you!  Good luck with that differential!
Flooding should be the . reason you'd put a lift on that kind of car.
The real joke is it's actually floating on airbags.
Good thing the wet floor sign is there. Otherwise he might not have known to jack up them "hydros.".Jajaja
Miami?
Is this Houston? It looks like Houston. And everyone flips their shit when the streets flood in Houston. Like it's a sign of the coming apocalypse
"Wet Floor" sign....You don't say?
Not really. That still looks fucking stupid. 
Checkmate
Well played
Shew, tigers are scary!
Haters gonna hate
Everything's coming up Milhouse!

No, no it isn't, nice repost


no, jokes still on them, unless they put breather tubes on the Differential.
and the wheel bearings that will be fubar up front. Also be fun to watch him hit the brakes the first time he gets up to cruising speed.

For those curious what and how a differential works, . .Also if you're curious about the accent, it's Mid-Atlantic English, and was pretty much required for anyone in broadcasting/hollywood.
Wow, that really was extremely helpful. However, I wonder how outdated the info is.
One minute in, when the guy was cockriding the head of the other guy on the motorcycle one-handed while the other guy was staring into his buttcrack, I figured this was just a joke.
Yea the intro bit does go on for a bit. .There are similar vids for analogue fire control computers; and how core memory works. 
I assume the basic operation has remained the same. Often such devices do not remain intact if there was a revolutionary new way of doing it.  
[deleted]
Let me guess, south Florida?
In that case there's ten of these guys in any given neighborhood lol.
The dashboard carpet makes your car worse, IMO.
Did you watch the Big Lebowski?
I have not, why?
Yeah Dude... North Miami Beach
Ft. Liquordale?
I'm guessing Jax.
Nice dashboard carpet.
The Dude Abides,,,, It tied the room together...
It tied the car together, dude.
=P
Repost... original = 

My pic was original... 
I recognized it as well, but I don't mind. It still amused me the second time. 

Ok, that's a month old. I've never understood why people expect anyone to care if it's a repost. Not like we're going to see everything when it's posted.

So that's why they do that. You learn something new every day. 
/s
Nope - joke's still on you...

WHAT DO YOU MEAN THEY??!?!
He 
People who live in flood-prone areas, obviously.  Sheesh.
Lowriders
Looks like everything is coming up Millhouse!

Thrillhouse!
THRILLHO!
My wheels are wet, but my runners are bone dry!
My rims are soaked, but my wheel wells are bone dry!
STILL....not worth it.

To be fair, it actually did rain hard in Houston today.  

The Lowrider in Florida one felt like a year ago 
Try to find this one dude! Im the OP..G...I Found that dude near my neighborhood! .
Cross Post 
glad I wasn't the first to notice this... I figured I was just on reddit too much.

"Like a boss? Can't be true...".what was that guy thinking when he made that title
It's still better than "Black men and water dont' mix".
Him and apostrophes don't mix either. 
That man is CLEARLY Latino.
He's a white-African-American
Here we go again.
Good to see theyre learning from katrina
I wonder if there is a graph somewhere showing an exponential growth of donk ownership in New Orleans since 2005.
dam nigga you just went full evil. 
you never go full evil
The black people all went under in Katrina....
This comment is intense. 


It's not a fixed position.
Because it's not a fixed position. The car has hydraulics to make it jump
Possibly, but I don't think so. Those tires aren't going to tuck under. I think it's more likely this a "donk" style car that's had a lift kit put on. 

It looks like a four-year-old drew it. I think I like it.
Reminds me of an old Nash.

They're called wheel wells FYI 
Because they are already there.

Love it, frame it, hang it!
Bop it?
Because then it would just look stupid.
It doesn't already?
thatsthejoke.jpg
Sarcasm on the internet is hard :(


James May tried that, it doesn't end well.


Why ever bother? 

YEEEAAAHH BOOOOOY!!!
Don't buy the lift kit they said. It's ridiculous and unnecessary they said.
Up-vote for Fifth Element.
 

You fucked it up. Why?
Where we're going, we don't need sails.
Fastest repost from the West.
Read that as, "where we're going, we don't need salts.".Dr. Emmet Brown: "Great Scott Mardy, you're face looks delicious!"

Its gonna hurt me!
when you desert me?

MCA
Lols
O bother, where art thou?

I see what happened here. 
Where we're going, we don't requisition sails.


I don't see anything at all.
There's a black bear in a dark cave.

Gruuu
I thought it was a screenshot of Doom 3.
I would have nostalgia'd hard, but I gave up on that game after about five minutes.
FTFY
It's like the Apple Maps joke of 2004.
I stared at my phone for a good two minutes waiting for the picture to load
Loser..I figured it out at the 1:59 mark.
typing looking at this realizing im out of batteries
I envy your photoshopping skills.



Aw I was hoping this would just be the guy in the water swimming.
deep bro
    
I didn't, I GIMPed
Fastest repost in the West.
recant so as to the actual fact that ego was combinatory respecting the 20 height admired and frequented subs and as matters stand automatically added upon the enframe in conjunction with the other 19.
Fastest repost in the West.
Fastest repost in the West.
full circle!
Aaaand we're done here.

Hi Ulti! It's me, Rigby. I found you!
Haha goddamnit Rigby get off my internets and onto my TF2 so I can double donk you!

They tryin' to catch me ridin' soggy.. Thank you for the gold!  You rock.
They see me lollin'.

They see me floatin'
motor boatin'
They drownin'
They hatin'
They're rowin' their cars cause they be sinkin' early.

They wadin'

Rowboating and try'n to catch me riding soggy.
They swimmin', I'm winnin, cause I aint ridin' soggy

hey good job guys
Your username just insulted me :(.
How do you have 200,000 comment karma in 7 months?.I need a life...
Shut up, that's how!

Because he is a LOSER
By agreeing with everyone all the time and commenting on every high raking comment thread.
It'd be even easier in r/circlejerk. 
I agree with the belief espoused in this comment.
YOU need a life?
Protip: If you put an asterik (*) before and after a word it will italicize the word like . (i typed *this*) which adds the emphasis you were going after (. need to get a life?) instead of just shouting at reddit in allcaps


Yes, just like that
Damn. You put everyone else to shame. .Are you a loser if you have countless strangers who like your input? 

Doesn't matter. Still ain't ridin' soggy.
Sex.
Not right now. I'm in the middle of commenting. Maybe later.
i have 220k comment karma
well, i figured probably, but i wasn't the one walking around shouting at people :P
you + all = y'all - I don't blame you, but the amount of "ya'll"s I read on the internet is too damn high.
Its better than "you guys"!
No not really
Yup, joke's on him.
You are correct, but to be fair, y'all isn't used much in writing, so it's easy to misspell.  The only time southerners actually use y'all is when talking or writing dialogue.  So basically unless you are Mark Twain, even southerners might spell it incorrectly.
As a southerner, this has been my biggest pet peeve of the internet. Thanks for clarifying this for people. 

All you all?
Omg, I'm a dummy. How has this never occurred to me?
I was an adult before it occurred to me. For some reason, I think it's just customary to put the apostrophe in the wrong place. I have no idea how this happened.


Kinda pedantic no? Considering we're talking about slang. 
I've always thought hatred of "y'all" was somewhat unjustified for this reason - it at least makes some sort of sense... .Now "yins", on the other hand - WTF is that?  You + ins ???  How does this even make sense.. .I recall summer trips to visit family in the PA area and getting teased for using y'all, while yins was used unabashedly... "Yeah - I'm the stupid one for using a sensical regional dialect...."
we from da south biiiiiiiiitch
Thank you.
Came here to say this but you already said it. 
yup, checks out
Isn't it right in this context though?
Better then yinz
how about the "all y'all". I live in the south and people told me it's ok to use when addressing more than two people. For two you would use only y'all.
It's not quite so simple. If you've been talking to a sort of subgroup and have been using y'all, but then would like to address the entire group of people, then you use "all y'all." If you're only talking to 3 or 4 people the whole time and use "all y'all" it sounds funny.
thanks for clearing that up! makes sens 
You'ze guys need to chill.
Beats the hell out of "Yous guys"
Only came in here to post this.
Thank you. It drives me nuts like the steering wheel in my pants. 
n'ah
As a Virginian, this misspelling bothered me quite a bit
Pitch, roll, YAW
Yea but isn't that how words come to be majority use.
At least people aren't on about "younses."
How do people fuck this up
Because he's not really perfectly correct..Contractions work like so: the apostrophe replaces the omitted letter. In "it's" the apostrophe replaces the "i" in "is". In 'they're" it replaces the "a" in "are".."y'all"/"ya'll" doesn't follow this convention as a contraction of "you all" unless you consider it a contraction involving the colloquial form "ya" of "you" in which case either the "a" in "ya" is omitted to make "y'all" or the "a" in "all" is omitted to make "ya'll"..The final option is to consider the "ou" in "you" to be the omitted letters, in which case it would also be "y'all". This is probably the most elegant solution, but it's hardly set-in-stone-this-is-absolutely-correct.
Let's set it in stone right now.
Let's compromise: y'll
Nah, too expected. Gonna go Skyrim on this mother and just make it j'arl..All j'arl need to get with the program!
I thought it was pretty much accepted that y'all is a contraction of "you" and "all". I've never heard it referenced as a contraction of "ya" and "all".
That is the contraction.  It is set in stone.  It is the only correct way to write y'all.  
Y'all + are = Y'all're

Yoller
Yoller ballers, holler.
Real southerners don't use Y'all're. The a in are is silent down here..It is known.

If y'all're goin' up th' holler to bury that sumbitch, make sure y'all bury him deep.
It's astounding how many people are misunderstanding this comment.  HE IS NOT ARGUING THAT "Y'ALL" SHOULD NOT EXIST.  He is simply pointing out that the correct contraction is "y'all", not "ya'll".
I have always used y'all, until recently, I've seen ya'll so much, I assumed I was wrong for the last 40 years.  I'm going back to y'all, y'all.
Good move.
"ya'll" was likely the original contraction (in the early 1800s), as it was contracting "ya all", as opposed to "you all"; however, in modern English, "ya all" doesn't really exist anymore, so it doesn't make sense to maintain a contraction for it.  Thus, "y'all" is the way to go.
Could be worse. I've got family in rural Arkansas. The term "youins" is thrown around a lot...

It is possible that the two yutes... 
I live in Colorado, where people from other places come to live..We get the mix, but y'all is definitely at the top.
Y'all got nice weather but yer still southa that ole' pesky mason dixion line ma grandma told me not ta cross. 
I have never heard this term before.  Could you use it in a sentence?
Same way you use y'all.
It's interchangeable with y'all. I hear it all the time from the women in a family from Indiana that now lives in Tennessee. ."You'ins take care; call me if you need anything."

What does the apostrophe substitute?
Nothing in particular. I just used it to signify two words joining together and the second one changing spelling, since all those vowels together might have confused the pronunciation. .I think what they're saying when they say that is a sort of "you ones," all together as one word. 
Typically used in "Youins want something to eat?"
It's an Appalachian mountain thing.
Northern PA (mostly Pittsburgh) is "yinz"
East PA is full of "yous guys," must pick it up from the Jersey folks.

No, that's definitely a Philly thing.
northern wisconsin / yooperland says "yous guys", as well.  as a texan it always bugged me when i lived there..also:  bubbler...wtf y'all
Don't forget 'all y'alls.'  i.e. All y'alls gotta come to my crib.
Here in Washington we say "you". :)
Haha water fountain? That shit is weird! You smoke out of bubblers, not drink..
We get "yous guys" and bubblers in RI, too.  Well, more like "bubblah," but yeah.
Somewhere in RI a kid wonders why his Jewish grandma calls him a water fountain....

Y'all also contributes to the wonder of the triple contraction - y'all'd've.
Or my favorite...,"all yall"
There are already a bunch of those - wouldn't've, shouldn't've, couldn't've, can't've, hadn't've, etc. 
Those are double contractions: two apostrophes..Y'all'd've is a triple.
Triple contraction? In Scotland we haven't actually finished a word since 1813 when we expelled the last of the "posh cunts". 
That's a quadruple contraction- y'all need math.
Depends on if contractions are exponential....I would content they aren't..you - no contractions..y'all - single contraction..y'all'd - double contraction..y'all'd've - triple contraction.
Alright, I concede your point.
Same here in the south(US). Hey we have deep fried candy just like y'all, y'all'shd visit. 
Texas is a big place, you damn carpetbagger!
What is this 1865?
Its after 6, what am I? A farmer?
Probably 1836 in his mind.
Git outta here you yellow lily livered sonova bitch. 
No, it's 2013.
Had me fooled with the Carpetbagging.
What color is Michael Jackson?
black, so it's 1978
He's very confused.
Well, he's stuck in the 1k. I bet he's still playing NBA1k866
Y'all are confused
Well bless his heart..
He was too high-strung.
Don't fight the y'all. It's one of the best words in existence. The English language is a vast ever expanding lexicon. Embrace the y'all it's such a useful word. What are you supposed to say "you all" or "you guys" all the time? Life is too short y'all should just drop some syllables. 
Gender neutral pronoun. 
My favorite is "all of you are": "all y'all're".I work in Texas, and had a customer use this word in a sentence about an hour ago.
They can say what they want. But as a Georgian with my mothers side of the family in Pennsylvania, some of my closest friends from jersey and NYC. Y'all is a great word. After spending time with my friend's and his sister's (who live in NYC and jersey). The people we spend time with there start saying it. It's a useful word and flows so nicely compared to an alternate word. "You guys" just doesn't feel as smooth! 
I've sort of spread the word to my friends in Scotland. They mostly use it as a novelty, but I can tell they actually see a use for it, and it's slightly more appropriate than "you cunts."
Yeah i'm from Texas but most people where I'm from dont have a southern accent, y'all is just so convenient. Those other ones (yinz??) just sound dumb. 
I ran into a set of twins at a bar the other night. Apparently they're from somewhere up north, and their version of "ya'll" is "you'uns," pronounced "yuns." It hurt my head then, and it still hurts my head to think about now.
It's also gender neutral.  Sounds ignant, but oddly, is more PC.
It has always seemed weird to me that English lacks a second person plural pronoun, consider the richness of its vocabulary. Most other languages have it. 

It does, it's y'all.  Have you not been paying attention?

What's even stranger is that Old English had a separate pronoun for second-person plural, singular and dual..These are all in the nominative. There are separate pronouns for genitive, dative and accusative.
I accept that the words you used are, in fact, real words..But damned if I know what they mean.
It does, but the second person plural is also ..  People just don't like or understand this, which is why we get words such as y'all, yous guys, or (shudder) yinz.
TIL yinz
But "you" is not a particularly useful second person plural, since it is also the second person singular, so the language gained y'all.
We understand it, it just causes a lot of confusion.
Fuck Pennsylvania..Yinz is not allowed to be a thing.
It's you'ins! At least here in Tennessee. 

Northeast and central PA.
All in all it's just another hick in the y'all.


He's not fighting the y'all, he's fighting the ya'll. Keep fightin' the good fight Caplan!

y'all need y'alls

Y'all mothafuckas need Jesus
All of ya'll need ya'lls. 

y'all need yeezus.
All y'all need y'alls

My balls are breathing after that 

I wonder if that would also work with the "that's a penis" guy.
What just happened.  
Say 'what' again, I dare you, I double dare you motherfucker!
That's the first .gif to genuinely frighten me.
Minnows motherfucker! Do you have em?
A fish? I have no fishes, but I ate dinner a while ago and still need to wash the dishes. 

Stop with these old Sam Jack .gifs man, they don't scare me any mor- 


This one gets me the most.Edit.  These cats are between 500 and 800 lbs.  Dont mess with them!.Yes, they are between 3 and 5 times your size!.Here is some SFW cuteness.!

I now have you tagged as "knows stuff about tigers".
Wow!
You seem excited.
I kinda am!...  I love big cats.  They are like thunderstorms of the Animal world. Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide.

thats one ballin tiger to attack an elephant 1on1
No Kitty!  That's my Indian guy.
Thanks, I was gonna go mess with tigers, which I presumed were small and gentle, then I saw your post. 
Sorry, I like to advocate for tigers since all of them are endangered.
Wtf is the source on this?!

A Better one ..
It took me like 5 loops to realize 
I'd be frightened by this if it was from that guy's POV, but as is, nope.
Where is that from?    Elephant is like "O shit, shit, shit, shit"
I love watching that tiger do its thing. Such an incredible beast. 
WHAT HAPPENED NEXT
I keep watching it hoping it'll continue. 
there are plenty more 

doesn't really show what happened other than some hand injury. but how did they stop the tiger? 
THANK YOU.edit: I'd hate to be its prey, that tiger is just so well hidden
I'd hate to be its prey,.Or the mans underwear after that.
God damn, that's just incredible. She's completely invisible to start with, then she just bursts out, covers that distance in a couple of seconds and leaps in for the kill..If that guy had been on foot, he would have stood no chance. What an amazing predator.
That was unreal. I saw a tiger at a 6 flags once on a school trip and was shocked at the size and sheer muscle of the tiger. Knew that if you ever met one in real life there wouldn't be a point in running..Hobbes man
Agreed. It was awe-inspiring to see that animal work like it did.
This happened in Kaziranga National Park, India, in 2004
Quote:
The forest department received a message early on May 19th about a large tiger which had killed two cows near Tamuli Pathar village, which is close to the boundary of the Kaziranga National Park (KNP) in the north-eastern Assam state. By 10 am a joint team of the Assam forest department including the director of the park, Mr N. K. Vasu, the local administration, police and the army, and the Wildlife Trust of India(WTI)-managed Centre for Wildlife Rehabilitation and Conservation (CWRC) was combing the area with five elephants trying to locate the animal..Range officer, Dharanidhar Bodo, Dr Chaudhary along with a guard were riding the elephant, Joymala, driven by Pegu. Bodo was carrying the darting gun. As the elephant moved towards the tigress, it did a mock charge. The guard fired two blanks to discourage her and she ran away into the next field, where the paddy was thick and hid there.
The team cautiously moved towards it and could get to almost 20 feet where she was growling away. Bodo could see her clearly and took a shot at it with the dart gun. The dart missed her and this enraged her so much that she charged and took a "flying" leap on to the elephant's head. "I have not seen something as dramatic as this," Vivek Menon, executive director WTI, who recently saw the footage, said. "I could never imagine that a tiger could so effortlessly leap from the ground on to an adult elephant's head, which is at least 12 feet above the ground," he said. .The footage showed that Pegu saw the tigress leaping and threw the metal ankush at it to defend himself. "The tigress saw the ankush coming, dodged it in mid-leap and took a swipe at Pegu without actually landing on the elephant, which had stepped back," Menon said.
"It all happened in a few seconds and before we knew what both Bodo and the guard had fallen down," Dr Choudhary narrated. What now happened was even more amazing. As the tigress landed on the ground Joymala quickly pinned her down with her left fore foot and tried to control it with its trunk. The tigress struggled under this weight for at least half a minute roaring, as other people in the vicinity shouted and fired shots in the air. In this commotion another attempt was made to dart it, but even this shot was off the mark. The tigress finally struggled loose and ran away.
"If it had not been for Joymala, both Bodo and the guard would have been badly injured or dead," he said. Meanwhile, Joymala, which was trying to aggressively chase the tigress, was calmed by the CWRC veterinarian, who was holding on to the profusely bleeding mahout. "His fingers were hanging by few shreds of tissue and I tried to tourniquet the wounds," he said..The two sub-adult tigers had strayed out of the heavily wooded Agoratuli range of the KNP into the neighbouring Tamuli Pathar village close to the national highway. It was speculated that the mother could be nearby, but she could not be spotted.
KNP has one of the highest density of tigers among the protected areas in India , but are difficult to see due to the thick vegetation in this grassland dominated park.
The Centre for Wildlife Rehabilitation and Conservation (CWRC) is a joint venture of the Assam forest department and the Wildlife Trust of India, and is supported by its partner the International Fund for Animal Welfare (IFAW). This rescue and rehabilitation facility for animals of the region is a first of its kind facility in India has handled over 300 animals in the last two years including mega-herbivores like elephants, rhinos and wild buffaloes. These were the first tigers brought to the facility in two years of its existence.

They need a new shooter
RE:RE:RE:FWD:RE:FWD:FWD:RE:

Ooohhh. I love Chinese puzzles! There's always a twist....
 
needs more jpeg
16 colors - bitmap
Ultimate faceswap...
It's not a party until someone shows up with the pussy.  
a different take on an iconic saying:.someone else has already posted this here.
Repost alert!
Mario is not a catcher.
?
 
Rule 34.
That's gay
 is a beautiful representation of toads perspective.
Senpai finally noticed
How about we DON'T cut off the site link at the bottom?  Give credit to where it's due.
what race is toad lol

nsfw
Who said a Toad cant be female?
Actually that's toadette.
Couldnt a Toad be female too? I mean like Toadette is a special character, as is Toadsworth, no? 
I'm pretty sure male and female toads look alike. Toadette is just having some mushroom accessories to distinct her I guess..Source: The mushroom kingdom people town in Mario&Luigi Superstar Saga and the main town in Paper Mario..They consist of a pretty much all-toad population. Complete with children.
Look at Mario and Luigi: Bowser's Inside Story. I'm pretty sure there are multiple Toadettes.

I came here to see if anyone posted that and was relieved. Then saddened because it's from 2004 and my brain still thinks 2004 was within the last 4 years. I love vgcats and forget how long Scott has been at it. 
Mario finally had enough of Peach's bullshit
Bowser can have her.
She's a nice-looking gal. Hopefully the insides match the outside. Nothing is worse than a pretty girl who is vacuous/ignorant/superficial. 
Katherine Webb
Women say us men only think with our penis. Ladies, don't be afraid to blow our minds....
Who's the woman?
I'm actually taking these back to the pants store as we speak.
I thought she was going to say "that animal that killed Steve Irvin." 
i would like a bite of this pancake.
I call them roombas of the sea
I have always called them Irwin killers
You sure your friend wasn't 10 guy?
You can call them whatever you'd like, they will always be super cute.
I'm pretty good at remembering the names of assassins, even Steve Irwin's.
When we were kids me and my siblings used to call them "pannekoekvissen" (pancakefish) too.. My parents, being biologists, told me that was their name...
My girlfriend calls them Roombas of the Sea.
That's from a Jenna Marbles video. Perhaps she stole it too, but whatever.
The Windy Man! The Long Mover!.(Video sadly "not available on mobile". It's a montage of Bob Fossil from The Mighty Boosh describing animals.)
Sounds like the origin of many words in the German language:.Turtle = Schildkrte = "Shield-toad" 
According to Jenna Marbles, they're called Happy Pancakes. 
I think [10] guy is more appropriate. [6} But I'd love me some pancakes.
Why are there sea pancakes in the silverware drawer?
Why is there silverware in the sea pancake drawer?
Im sorry but this really isn't funny. At all....Also, im not really sorry.
Probably [10]
Isn't that a quote taken directly from Louis CK?
Is your friend dumb? 
"Sheets of Flesh" - from a friend
ahhh me too! but I'm not your girlfriend! 
Mother was a pancake, father was a scorpion
This would have made a better 10 kid meme
Same could be said for flounder, really...
Tastes like ouchie.
relative only to a sea biscuit.
reddit is full of morons. Bird Leaf? Sea pancakes? Here, have some reddit gold!
How about a Criken'! R.I.P Steve Irwin. :(
you must be a waffle guy
Haha now that was kinda funny
Close enough.
Is your friend mentally disabled?
Great, now I want a pancake. Who makes me a pancake? Mh?
You're friend is Jenna Marbles
Swedish is skldpadda (shield-toad) also
It's closer to a crepe than a pancake.
Cowboy hats 
You mean Flounder?
FTFY
Flouders are the pancakes of the sea
Sea Pancake with a Tail
It's called a murderer in Australia. 
TIL Steve Irwin was killed by a Sea Pancake.
i've got a feeling this "friend" is extremely hot. 
My father was once tell me a story or a joke about this criminal and his mugshot. He had forgotten the word and said "Cup face"... It took me about 15 seconds to figure out what he meant.
[7]
I have a friend that couldn't think of the word for shadow puppets so he called them finger coyotes
Adorable.
Jenna marbles
We will also accept the Irwin killer
I can't stop giggling. Giggity giggity.
I do  not sell these kinds of pancakes.  
Just realized that "The Crocodile Hunter" was killed by a sea pancake
A toddler on a family trip didn't know what a fountain in a lake was..He said "look mom, a water tree".
This would've done well as a [10] Guy
This is so funny kinda like the name she came up with. Sea pancakes. Like it 
I call them Dental Dams.  Hardly seen and never used.   ANd when used good men die like the croc hunter stevie boy Irwin.  I don't rock the glove or the dam
Once I couldn't remember the term 'guinea pig' so logically, it became 'test hamster'. ."I refuse to be his test-hamster!" 
Jenna Marbles
Sting Ray or Flounder? I think she means Flounder. 
make this 10-guy and put it on r/trees they will love it!
YOU WANT DA PUNCAKE
My friend was hungover and we went swimming, and called the Sun Screen Sun Protector.... maybe we have the same friends?!?!
There's a tourist spot in Xel'ha, Mexico where I was watching sea life scoot by in these 8-foot crystal-clear waters. The tourist next to me had a video camera running when a big sea hubcap came out of nowhere, and he flinched, laughed at himself, turned to me and said in this thick Jersey accent ". looks like somethin' outta .".That's my clearest memory of the place :( that and the toucan toss-feeding himself melon balls.
not . is a sea pancake
"Crocodile dude stabby thingys"
Bit easier would been "Crocodile Hunter Killers".
r/funny
Source (Well, semi-source) - Jenna Marbles 
A Halibut could also be described as a Sea Pancake...a really ugly Sea Pancake.
Dunno about anyone else but these things remind me of magic carpets.
I prefer to call them the best team in the American League East of baseball.    
There's something salty about this pancake...

That's funny cause I refer to them as "those things that killed Steve Irwin."
Your friend would be brilliant at Taboo. 
Requesting unidan we need a sea pancakeologist
Good guy OP makes the text show on thumbnail so I don't have to open the picture.
She'll remember what they're called if she ever steps on one in shallow water.
[deleted]
We could always make . ten girl
we don't need any more memes.

 
Yeah I'd say all in all not a bad endeavour
We call them blanket puppies
A . is much closer to a sea pancake.
Tim and Eric (remember them?) refer to the Frisbee as a "Flight Wheel"..Sports!
Good God. I hope for her sake that she's pretty.
This is the first thing on. that actually made me laugh in months. Thank you.
I prefer "Steve Irwin killing bastards," myself.
It's also a repost
Sea Pancakes! Part of a nutritious breakfast!
Wow, we can go with that if you want.  Go smell your own farts you smug asshole.
This post came up while I was watching Steve Irwin.
I love them with maple searup
RIP STEVE IRWIN
The other week my friend was showing me a picture of a stingray he caught and said "look at the squidward I caught."
why wasnt the retarded meme guy used for this
That isn't that bad.I was in careers class, just typing away, then all of a sudden the letters weren't showing up on the screen. I turned to my friends and said "The typies aren't working!" because i forgot the word. .Later in the day, i forgot the word for wheels and called them "rollies".They continue to tease me about it to this very day
In hungarian you call this animal pancake fish.
looks more like a pringle to me.
Steve Irwin was not killed by a SEA PANCAKE!.He was killed by a might hunter of the Deep.  Got it?
These kind of posts totally deserve their own subreddit or something. 
I liked Bird Leaf better. 
ITT: People that don't remember life before Steve Irwin.
So Steve died to a pancake?.Died like a baws. 
My foster cousin did something similar. We were walking back to my apartment and he had a brain fart and forgot what the moon was called. So he described it as "that huge circle glowy thing in the sky". Smh.
I read somewhere someone referring to grass as "earth fur". I don't think I've used the word "grass" since then. 
How lame and unfunny, having this on the front page really means that le redit is full of 10-14 year olds.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH.fuck you
whoa man.whoa

We need a [10] Girl so [10] Guy can have someone to roast a bowl with.

Ocean Ravioli 
I call them only one thing:.Steve killers.._
Steve Irwin was never a big breakfast guy :(
or "the key to Steve Irwin's heart"
Hilarious 
Good lord the funny subreddit is lame
shouldn't this be a 10 guy meme
That was my thought too, I think it would have been funnier
Oh, it will be.
Someone make this a level [10] guy, quick! And remember my comment when you get all the karmaa_aaaa_aaa
Reminds me of Bob Fossill from the mighty boosh, and his inability to get the animals names right.
It's really more of a sea crepe.
Sounds like something [10] guy would say
"Bird leaf." Anyone?.This is as convincing as all the my uncle, grandma, etc post. 
Sea Murderers..RIP Steve Irwin.
Shameless repost.
Somehow calling the thing that killed Steve Irwin a "sea pancake" seems wrong.
Actually biologists are known to sometimes call rays and skates .. Because they're flat and come from the same common ancestor as sharks.
u want da puncake
I'm Baman, I'm Piderman!
shoulda made this a 10 guy
Crikey
So many people liked this that it made the front page?.You guys are easily amused.
ground shark?
Sounds delicious. Add in a Sea Cow, some caviar and you've got yourself steak and eggs to go with that breakfast. 
We need a [10] girl
This didn't happen so hard.
OP is a faggot. 
Not a lot can make me actually laugh on Reddit anymore, but this definitely did.
No he didn't.  I hate fucking faggot liars.  
Sea pancakes -- I bet that Steve Irwin really took that to heart.
More like Stinger waffles! 
Your friend is having a stroke, quick call an ambulance. 
This is actually pretty damn funny
Moreso resembles a giant portobello mushroom (texture as well).
I laughed so hard haha <3
[9]
10 Ray.
Sounds like a 10 guy meme
I made one for this actually in advice animals lol

 It was a beautiful morning, there were so many we didn't catch with the cameras. I like the final shot.....batman stuff.
This is so stupid and lame. How this gets 8k upvotes is beyond me.
I once said "Air Thrower Machine" because I couldn't remember the word Fan.
I think 'Sea Mushroom' is more apt. Source: I've held one
This will be burried, but yesterday I came out of the shower to a giggly boyfriend. .He says "I couldn't think of the word feather"."So I googled "bird leaf""
Thank you kind stranger. This made my whole day. I am still laughing. Oh my gah. Sea pancake. I was NOT expecting that of all things.
Mmmm, sea pancake
Wow, seems like she forgets every week!
sea Frogs, Frogs in the sea. Don't see that very often. 
Stengrays are so dumb. They're just sea pancakes.
is your friend 6?
This should be a ten guy meme
Haha, my friend couldn't remember the word mermaid, so he just said "Fish bitch with tits" ...ugh. SMH. Time for new friends.
We should make a subreddit for shit like this...Come on down to .!.Or some shit.
I forgot the name of this while on a cruise and i spotted a few and callde them Flying Manatees
Would have made a better 10 guy.
We need a subreddit for when we forget the name of things. Hilarious.
I liked that joke a few months ago when it was making rounds on Tumblr.
This is from a jenna marbles video, ya git.
Seapancakeship; I could work with that.
Sounds delicious.
Thankyou seals, or as I like to call you, dog mermaids.
Did somebody say sea pancake?

This should have been a Sudden Clarity Clarence meme!
At [7] I'm digging the sea pancake.
"roombas of the sea" 
i couldnt think of the word syrup one time so i had to ask someone to hand me the pancake sauce
one of those moments when my roommate looks at me from across the room to ask wtf was so funny
[10] Guy would be more appropriate?
Sting Rays: The Floopy Washcloths of the Ocean. 
Vengelfe.
I'm sure someone already said that this is a perfect 10 guy meme. I just didn't feel like reading the current 354 comments (at time of my comment) 
No intelligent comments, turn back now.
What I thought when I read 
Pancakes of the sea
For some reason, this reminded me of the guy who animated his girlfriends drunken joke. I don't know why, they aren't even closely related.
They're more like crepes, but I get your point.
This is so unoriginal, I couldn't force myself to laugh. Why does stuff like this make the front page? 
No she didnt.
One day, I forgot the word "aquarium" so I called it a sea-zoo: a zoo for sea creatures.  I still call it a sea-zoo.
By 'my friend' do you mean something you read on the internet?
This is so [10] guy
When i first came to America, my dad and I went to Hollywood Boulevard(we live in LA). It was a hot day, so we bought some water. It was warm so we wanted some ice. I either didn't know or couldn't think of the word so I asked for "HARD WATER" instead of ice...
 seems more fitting

you are all wrong this is a sea pancake

Someone watches Jenna Marbles
Came here to see if someone said this. Yeah, it's from a . (I think that's where it's originally from, actually...).
For the love of god, someone PhotoShop a giant spatula under it
Pancake Ray! 
Either those fish are really damn tiny or that is one seriously big pancake.
They kinda look like minnows but I'm betting that pancake is a few feet across at least.
The little fish in that picture are 6 feet long.  The bigger ones are whale sharks.
What's the name of that big wet blue thing dividing all of the continents? It's like... the International House of Sea Pancakes. 
Didnt even bother changing the caption
I believe the scientific term is "ocean roundy flat"
This is the British scientific term.

related: 
"Those things that killed Steve Irwin" would be more clear.
Irwinsbane.
This what I tell tourists in my restaurant when I have to explain what skate is: 'Like the thing that killed Steve Irwin, but a lot less dangerous because it's already dead and fried'. 
That taste of Irwin?

He ate himself to death in pancakes, right?
That lives on top of the little rocks surrounded by squishyness.
Steve died the way he lived, with animals in his heart.
Yesterday, I argued about the Trayvon Martin case. Today, I upvoted someone named 4chan_Niggerfag..Ah, internet.

thats actually pretty touching, it really pulls at your heart stings.edit strings*
You didn't even-
More than just touching even, it goes much deeper.
What if the Sting Ray was just a huge fan of Steve and just wanted a place in his heart??
The Mark David Chapman among stingrays?
"OMG Steve Irwin is down here! Hey Steve ... Steve can you sign thi ... OH FUCK!"
Steve noooo!!! I just wanted to see I'm your biggest fan!  At least I can add your blood to my  memorabilia 

Overly attached sea pancake. 
10/10 would barb again.
Once again, a reddit user who can't help but think in terms of memes. They should start a therapy group for these people.

What the fuck. I had no idea sea pancakes could do back-flips out of the water.

Too soon...Too soon...
That was the binomial nomenclature name. .Just like 
you know that reminds me of a poisoned fish, deadly fish,that closely resembles that, I heard that king joffrey was poisoned by margery that way.
wat.. GET RID OF THIS MAN! ESCORT HIM FROM THE PREMISES
Bird leaf.
This didn't happen.
I want to believe... 
I've always thought of them as the tortillas of the sea.

I believe it..Some people just start naming things before they remember what the actual name is.  For example, my wife often tries to tell me the name of a movie before she fully remembers what it is..Some examples:
The phrase had been around on tumblr for a while and just last week there was a [10] Guy meme where 'some guy's friend' forgot what sting rays were called and called them 'sea pancakes'. 
Agreed. My friend has been calling them sea pancakes for months, she probably got it from tumblr. So this person's friend didn't think of it just randomly. 
So either OP is a faggot, or OP's friend is a plagiarizer. Order has been preserved in the universe.
Or OP was sitting along and said "Heh, those things kind of look like pancakes. I should post this on reddit...but It will look like I have zero life, I will make it look like my friend said it!"
How often do sting rays come up in normal conversation?
When talking about Steve Irwin.
Woah now, get yourself one of those, some sea-cucumbers, throw it in some broth and baby you gotta' stew goin'!
Don't forget the sea bacon! 

I think I'd like my money back...
I think I'd like my money back..
I think I'd like my money back....
One day this will stop getting upvotes. One day...
I don't know what kind of stew you're making with pancakes and cucumbers... 
One that should never leave the kitchen.

you haven't lived life if you've never had a pancake and cucumber stew!
Well, I'd like to keep my existence in the present tense, so I'll avoid that dish.
Well, in that case -- 
I'm confused to why Kramer losing a bet is relevant, especially since it was a bet to see who could go the longest without masturbating.
Because he says "I'm out." .It made sense in my head. 
Fair enough, that makes sense.
This was someone's post on tumblr.
 
Doesn't that mean we sink this forbidden repost with the OP's wellies fulla down votes? I'll start.
One of the PhD students in my old lab forgot the word for a body part. He kept saying "foot fingers". You mean TOES? True story.
Really? .Did a Redditor post a link from somewhere else? .The shame!
It's not that. It's that he took credit for it.."My friend"
Oh, of course!.The old "my friend" chestnut..My mistake. Please excuse me..All apologies. .Some dude had a similar situation today with some bastard pinching his hilarious "$2,440 and a case of Stella Artois in the GameCube I picked up for $10 at a garage sale" post..I think it was a case of that . believe it (thankfully, it was all a lie). I love lies..All the best to you my friend and sorry for any confusion. 
Can't trust anyone these days.  First the gamecube guy, now this.  WHO ACTUALLY INVENTED THE LIGHT BULB?
That was Edison, but I think we're overlooking the bigger question here:.WHO WAS PHONE?
Or was it, apparently the lightbulb could already have been a thing, Edison just adapted it for practical usage! We can't even trust history, i mean, they barely even acknowledge Nikola Tesla for inventing the radio (yes, he invented it, but never patented it), wireless electricity, x-rays, and many other things we attribute to other people!
While true, I dont go on tumblr and I found this funny.  Is OP misleading us by reposting?  Yes. Does OP get karma for doing this?  Yes.  Do I care?  No.  I chuckled and moved on.  It cost me nothing.   Why do we always have to point out reposts?  No one cares.
Jenna Marbles called them happy pancakes.
[deleted]
I know you're doing your best to "troll" or whatever but you kind of have a point. A lot of front page stuff (a surprisingly significant amount) on Reddit is taken from Tumblr. I don't personally mind it because I use both websites for content sharing..But not a lot of people who go on Reddit also go on Tumblr so almost no one ever notices.
And we all know that you can't be a Reddit user and a tumblr user at the same time.
It's an "old" tumblr post though, at least a year
I wasn't going to go through my likes to find it, but a simple google search .!
Happiest pancake ever.
I remember someone doodled that cutie and added it to the tumblr post, so I had to find a pic with both!

Looks like Bayeux tapestry
What was that thread of posts called? It had something to do with Tumblr forgetting words, and almost all of them just destroyed me.
I specifically remember someone who couldn't remember what milk was called, so they went with "cereal water". 
I must find this.
Oh I know the hooker/therapist and cereal water gave me tears in my eyes from laughter. 
Is this the album you're looking for?
Fucking "fresh prince of denmark." brb, using this
Is . what you were thinking of?
they forgot "Plemmot babber am jemmy"
I'm at work and trying to LOL silently, failing, holy crap
The kind of silent laughing that sounds like muffled sobbing to all your co-workers? Yeah, me too.
Spogooter. hahaha
holy shit, i've never seen that before but it is funny

The phone call one with Nic Cage's reactionface is brilliant.
That was hilarious. I forget that Tumblr can actually be a decent place to visit.
Also found 
Heh, the funniest thing I've seen in a while.
Oh god...Night tumblr...
Oooh my god that snake comment gets me rollin' every time. 
 is the tumblr tag for sea pancakes. There's a lot of sea pancake love.

all people here are doing is encouraging lack of education by calling them (sea pancakes)....i know for u kiddies its summer and school is over but u dont have to be imbasoles.......<.<
Ah, the average euphoric redditor.
I see you were trained by 
Fuck off
Or they're making a joke. People call dachshunds wierner dogs after all.
Risus nulla eget.

I love the way it says "yo-yo" above its head
I wonder how they feel like when they rub against you like that....magical?
That killed me, thanks..My god. That face it looks like it's making...
rich old man sting ray still gets the hunnies
You're . (probably SFW, but potentially icky) to be struck by that face.  Rays carved and bound to look like mermaids, angels, dragons, etc. were one of your basic seaside tourist tsotchkes a few centuries back.  Antwerp and Venice in particular were known for them, I believe.

Also killed Steve Irwin..... too soon?
I call this creature, The Irwinator.
Too soon.
there should be a sub for these

There was no doubt in my mind that that was a real sub.  Thanks, reddit.
it's not :(
Not true! It does exist!

Had a good laugh. Thanks.
its a repost from . blatantly steals shit and doesn't give credit..edit: i dont mind that its a repost, I do mind that he didn't give credit
preggit should get a global reddit tag reading "reposting whore" in bright red.
like i said, i really dont care that he reposts, I do care that he never gives credit.
u/preggit is basically a content stealing machine. If he ever once gave a source, it wouldn't be as bad..90% of the of his posts I've seen are random clips from videos turned into gifs with no source.

that movie was epic, horrible storyline, but badass action
Wow Hope That Stingray Got Back In The Water In Under 42 Seconds, Otherwise Theirs Going To Be Braindamage (.)  .Dont Ask, Marine Biologist Since Before Most Of You Were Born
93/93 ... I have so much power!!
[deleted]
[deleted]
Oh. It's Ferd. Didn't catch that, thanks.
there's*
It hurts, it hurts.
trollol upboat
I hope you retards are upvoting this guy because of who he is and not because of the bullshit "fact" he probably made a lot of you believe
Capitalizing each letter, showing off information, bragging about certifications, incorrect use of "their", and incorrect facts along with a wrong citation..Really it would've been perfect if your "fact" wasn't so believable..Here, take my downvote.
First run in with FabulousFerd? To save you from future misunderstandings, he's a "famous" troll here on Reddit. You should actually upvote instead
fuck you, zoola, take my downvote..source: am restoring redit
NEVER upvote the Fabulous one!
Maybe it's already got brain damage that's why they can get it to pose. hmmm
Why Do You Capitalise Every Word?.Seriously, it's really annoying.
I would bet a fair amount that this is from Stringray City in Grand Cayman.  From what I recall, it's been a protected area and a managed tourist attraction for over 30 years.  Also, their barbs have been clipped at the end, mainly to protect the rays..My tour guide called them water puppies since they were all so friendly.  They only pop out of the water for about 2-3 seconds before going back under.  When they realize you have no more squid for them they go hug some other swimmers in the area.
You're slipping, Ferd.
 
...what the fuck?
Join us.
If everyone is a ferdlonian, who's there to be trolled? 
...this exists.
He's getting upvotes...
reddit loves preachy animal facts.
Welcome to preachy animal facts! Your #1 source for daily preachy facts about animals. Please text STOP if you want to unsubscribe from preachy animal facts! 
STAHP
Look at who posted it.
But it's Ferd...
You love capital letters too.
Don't feed the fucking trolls.
This ferd were talking about here, give him a motherfucking feast. 
c'mon redit.u gotta step Up Ur Game...
What is a fabulous ferds?
Everything is a title/heading. What part do I quote?

If you have to ask, you can't afford it.
Julian Cope crawled here first:
The life of a TMNT after choosing not to go to college
That face has so much more potential.
This begs a "Draw me like one of your french girls" caption, but I am too lazy to make it.
It's hot in these turtles.
Prepare your anus
Am I not turtlely enough for the turtle club? Turtle turtle turtle 
My friend wanted a double entendre... so I gave it to her.
YA YA YA YA YA...LIVE ACTION! 
Could have at least given him a bandana so he could look like a teenage mutant ninja turtle 
u failed right? 
Is this in Ecuador?
So Majestic.
It's sad that he probably won't make it to the sea before being eaten but thus is life.
um, i'd be more than a little concerned about the nature of the original photo he gave you.
This is terrifying.  
I'm curious to know the reason behind his original photo... 
Squirtle?
I'm going to make this the background on my friend's phone and laptop everytime he isn't paying attention.
Reminds me of 


Looks like a sequel to Human Centipede 
Still not turtley enough for the turtle club. Turtle! Turtle!
You're friends with a tortoise?
Looks like Badger off Breaking Bad!
Doesn't he realize how busy you are? Shellfish bastard...
Tarantino on coke.
Ever had sex with a human turtle?
Your friend is quite testudinal.
Honey, does this shell make my ass look big?
I believe that .) did this first back in the mid 80s.
Did he atleast shell out some bills for your assistance?
And he is Scutes-free now!
You: "Sure thing bro, I got a new thing I'm working on I could use you in. I just need you to get completely naked and lie face down on the floor, spread eagle.".Friend: .Is that about how it went down? 

Dies anybody else see Quentin Tarantino??
So he asked you to insert him anywhere?
Galapagos.
Excellent job with the hair.  That looks like a headache.

That place is awesome. 
"Paint me like one of your French girls, Jack.".Or whatever he says.
Looks like that dude from X-Files...Tooms.
He has to come out of his shell.
Tarantino presents "Helter Shellter"
Little more light on the back of his head and a little less on his face. 
I was hoping to find this reference here
Well I'm too invested in the series to stop watching now..  :'( 
Did he pose for the original photo? Or is that something you had lying around???
I'm going to have fucking nightmares now.
Clearly this is a promo for an upcoming live action TMNT movie
Or a remake of Master of Disguise.
found it somewhere or other...here's another one that I used my friends face on...  It's originally a picture of my aunt from the 80's  
Hot dayum.
I really want to know what he was doing in the original picture now.
Galapagos tour. I know this guy, strange, but great photographer. 
and here's the . version
It must become more fabulous..IT MUST BECOME THE QUINTESSENCE OF FABULOUS.

Ricks life really is going downhill.
"come into my sex dungeon"

You're friends with Quentin Tarantino?!
Those are the EXACT five words I thought when I saw the pic and came in here to post....crazed minds think alike...good work!
Dat niqqa is a rasist bitch..... He on be lik immma make a movie bout slaves in sheiiit... Fuck dat craka
verbatim this was going to be my comment
Nope, he's friends with the turtle. 
Came here to say this. 22 comments in. Had a chance! Still too late. :(
You never had a chance.
First thing I thought.
FTFY
Quentin Tortoisetino
I prefer terenturtle
Sounds like a delicious italian dish.
Quentin Scaringtino
Quentin Terrapino
i see what u did there +1
Save being flipped over, he sure looks ..
Quentin Taranturtle

I need a background story on this or I am going to slay every turtle I see without mercy
turtles don't play...people think they're adorable... feed a rat to a bunch of hungry snappers and see how adorable they are. 
Not if you see 

FTFY
the story is: Turtle got hungry, bird got close, bird became food.
News flash: all turtle species are protected. They've got shells, yo.

Stupid bird..You just . to turn around and go back, didn't you?.Now look at yourself..If you would have kept on walking, you'd still be alive..Stupid bird.
Berds are so dumb.
you know that a turtle had to die to make this pic. . . and its on the front page???  the heck redit. I want to restore you
He photoshopped the turtle out. Either way they are good in soup.
*GASP* . replied to me?! I have you tagged as "Mega Troll" and upvote every time I see you. 
Redit temporarily down for restoration
Thanks
-Team Redit
Someone needs to take some of the funniest and most famous pages of reddit, and change every mention of "reddit" to "redit"
Don't want to touch that..
I imagined someone on a skateboard or bike doing tricks.
I used to imagine I was holding a really long sword and I cut everything to the exact same height!
Holy shit, I wasn't the only one.. my mind is blown.
I did too, how many people have?
Mine was the guy from bionic commando. 
I would pick a speck on the window to use as the center of my "weapon's" sight.  I would line up my target with my speck and choose a "launch" button on the inside of my car's door (usually a bolt cover or something).  I would fire something that would attach to my target but it would not detonate until I pressed the button a second time.  Detonation would not always be explosive, sometimes it would be sticky goo or acid or just paint.  I would usually detonate when the target was out of sight so I could imagine the fallout better.
I'm twenty and still do this every now and then! Deadlm, you nostalgic bastard you.
Omg me too!!!!
For me it was a ninja. i'm not the only one.
for me, it was a giant mechanical arm with a sword on the end.  I would control it and cut everything we drove by, as close to the ground as I could.  I did the same thing with lasers ricocheting around when I walked.  Needless to say I didn't have many friends....
Blew up the cars that passed with my "laser vision." Except the cool cars, they got to live. I was a pretty elitist child it seems.
I DID THIS TOO! Some say we had a "dark passenger". hahaha oh im so funny for bringing up a Dexter reference. haha good god people love my humor.
I used a matchbox KITT and pretended I was Knight Rider.
Mine was a dirt biker.
I always pretended the little guy was on a hover board doing tricks.
I used to imagine about parkour before I knew what parkour was. 
This is so exciting.... I had no idea it was common!.My favorite was when my guy would run up on the power lines. Every time he got to a pole he would jump hundreds of feet in the air doing flips. It was pretty awesome.
YOU MOTHERFUCKER! I NEARLY DIED DOING THAT FOR YOU, AND YOU HAVE THE NERVE TO CALL ME IMAGINARY?.That's it! I'm done. I'm turning in my resignation. I'm going to pack my things, then jump on home to my apartment on top of a telephone pole.
Mine was sonic the hedgehog, incredible so many people did the same thing! 
And sometimes he'd have a large sword that he would use to cut things in half as he ran past.
Pretty unique vid that I came across a year or so ago - so relevant for this post and for life

I would ALWAYS imagine spiderman and/or superman flying/slinging web next to us on the highway..I would do this for long periods of time until my Gameboy took over my attention.
No mention of the spot-on-the-window avatar that you move around the obstacles by bobbing your head slightly? I wasn't the only one, was I?
My "guy" was Zero from the Megaman X series. My earliest memories in video games was of playing Megaman X 4 and being able to play as Zero so I transfered the control from my PS1 to my head and whenever I rode too Zero would jump and dash to the next location. He could touch the ground but if I could not get him to go fast enough he would die. 
I imagined the contrary.  I was controlling a spinning blade the was cutting through all of the obstacles as we passed them.  Something like that disc Krillin in DBZ shot.   
totally, me too.
... I'm not the only one!
They need to make this a flash game. I think everyone does this and nobody talks about it. 
I did the same, but as I grew older it evolved. Now I imagine the hulk running alongside and bashing everything into oblivion.
I can't believe I'm the only one. It's weird how many of you guys do this, I thought I was alone!
Holy shit, so I'm not the only one?I didn't imagine someone running by the car, but I would imagine a motorcycle / unicycle like machine running, jumping and dodging passing cars and buildings.
Mine was a velociraptor... figured it could make all the jumps between cars
I do that too! I imagined myself running, jumping over stuff or from tree to tree. 
and then you crashed 
Same here,  but I imagined that I was on an MX or a snowmobile doing jumps and shit.
For me it was either Indiana Jones or Spider-Man. For tall obstacles...

My guy was a ninja.  also, tony hawk.
Am I the only one here that doesn't do this? 
I imagine a pole coming off the front bumper pulling a dude in a sled through the ditches and I watch all the sweet jumps... until I get car-sick and barf everywhere.
Yep. Mine was a kinda humanoid sonic thing. I legit thought I was just weird.
I tended to be riding through massive Star Wars battles..Summer = Endor.Winter = Hoth
Yes! Power lines were difficult when they're passing by that fast on the side of the highway.
I alternated between a skiier who had to jump between patches of snow and a super-long saw that cut down all plant life but had to retract for all inanimate objects, like telephone poles, road signs, and mile markers.
My dude was a silver Hermes who wore a helmet with a feather on each side. He would fly super fast around and through obstacles. He was also nekked.
Same here but on a dirtbike.
I used to have my fingers run along the windows, jumping and dodging obstacles.
I used a dirt bike. I can't believe how common this is. Has somebody named this??? This should have a name. Horizon surfing? 
i had lasers that would go around the world. 
Why is this??? i used to do this when i was little but noone every told me about it. i thought i was the only one for forever
I have this too, but in mine i control him and i have to switch him to opposite sides of the roads to avoid driveways etc by looking... Passes the time well
I always pictured a skater, Just doing ollie's and kickflip's.
i used to do that! on reddit everything makes sense
Everybody does this. It's where Superman came from..It's like dreams about being naked or having your teeth fall out.
I used to imagine the same thing! My little guy was riding a bike instead of running, so he would could use features of the terrain as jumps to make it over some of the bigger stuff (rivers, trees, ponds, etc). .On a side note; this is so cool! I never thought so many people did this! 
I still do this.  In fact, I run with two finger and avoid obstacles myself.
I used to imagine a kind of dragon creature who could fly as well as swim.
i just asked 5 of my buddies if this was relevant to any of them. not only did they all separately say that they hadn't, but that they thought i was a weirdo for doing so. .maybe we're all part of a special group that will realize their powers when evils try to take over the planet. 
Mine was samurai Jack....
I guess I'm the only one..? >.<
Holy Shit! I thought this was literally just me. My guy had a grapple too, for the lampposts.
Mine was a snowboarder and he would always be on the skid marks in the road, fences, or powerlines
I always kept a spot of dirt on the windshield over the treetops.
Used to?
My dude was a parkour guy who would do cool flips and jumps off of things
21 here... Still do this occasionally, when I'm not driving. .What character does it changes from ride to ride though, depending on wahtever I'm currently interested in.
I'm not the only one....
This has made my day, i feel ever so slightly less of a freak!
What!? I'm not the only one!?
It was always a Ninja for me
I used to read books. What the hell is wrong with you people? 
Oh my god. I thought I was alone, mine didn't dodge a car once and died when I was 13. I was never able to imagine anything else again. 
Wow, I thought no one else did this! Mine was a horse, though, so that could jump over the obstacles! 
I did this only it was me on a dirtbike!
Oh thank Christ, I always thought there was something wrong with me..I used to do the same thing on boring walks too, crazy guy was all over the shop.
Aw cool! I did this as well. Mine had a snowboard thingie that he road the powerlines on.
I use to imagine Sonic the Hedgehog running.
For me, it was always Spiderman. 
My guy was Sly Cooper, flipping and swinging around, jumping on cars and stuff.
Eventually mine turned into a car that would drive with two wheels on the sidewalk and would have to dart out into the road to avoid telephone poles and mailboxes.
Holy crap, other people do this to?!  Now everything I once considered unique is suspect...  damn you OP
Mine was a horse and it jumped from shadow to shadow, as well as avoided obstacles. 
We should be friends. Mine was only allowed to be on grass and the  roofs of cars.
I'm 30 years old and I still do this every time I'm in my car. I fear it has become a problem. 
Mine was a wolf that could run forever and just as fast as a car, and was assigned to me as my guardian wolf.  Not sure why he couldn't just ride in the car.  Also not sure what happened to him on airplane rides...
OH MY GOD! I'm not the only one!!!
The first endless runner app/game.
I never did that....
I still do this. But im driving now
And here I thought I was the only one! Mine jumps over shadows as well though.
I always imagined it was Spiderman. Except I didn't like Spiderman, so I had him crash into anything and everything. 
I instead would blink anytime a car came into my window.
I think it's mostly gamers that did this, since its similar to being in a platformer, I used to do this too but I thought of Spider-Man jumping and swinging and doing weird ninja type jumps 
I always imagined Mario!! He couldn't touch the ground either.
For me it was Sonic the Hedgehog.
Haha this is awsome! I never told anyone either. Mine were a Sonic the hedgehog kind of guy that slided on his flat feet when it went downhill
Used to put my finger up to the window and dodge obstacles with that. Just thinking about the sound effects I would make, too good. Thank you for reminding me of this :)
Whoa same here. Sometimes mine was a motorcycle though.
This was a sign of an awesome childhood! 
NO WAY! I THOUGHT I WAS THE ONLY ONE!
I felt so happy the first time i saw this, that my weird thing was shared with people online. And then I keep seeing it and feel people are raping that weird shared feels for karma. 
For me it was a Radio Controlled Car!
driving by neatly planted rows of crops, I could almost see him in that cool looking blur.  
I flex my thighs to make him jump over the obstacles
I did that too.  Except it was a goat and he would eat street lights for fuel
Whenever I'm on Reddit, I pretend there's a little guy reposting stuff exactly like this.
I used to imagine Goku flying along, dodging or destroying things in his way.
Holy shit. I thought I was the only one.
For me it was always Goku, though I wonder why I didn't just have him fly in the first place.
I used to imagine myself on a dirtbike doing epic jumps and avoiding obstacles. I was obsessed with dirtbikes as a child. I catch myself doing this as an adult still when I'm the passenger staring out the window.
I used to think I was the only person who did that until someone on 4chan called me a faggot..I think I'll carry the torch on this one: you're a faggot, OP.
Mine was sonic the hedgehog and he... Did exactly what he does in the game
No
So I'm assuming the lot here did is mainly due to growing up playing some kind of a platformer. But what about the older generations, any 'old-folks' around here who have experienced something similar, or is it just the newer generations?
I'll leave . here
Man on horse
I used to imagine spiderman swinging on shit, trying to keep up with us
I use to imagine Zero from Megaman Zero slicing shit with his sword and dodging stuff while running next to the car!
Mine was a laser beam coming from the mirror and I needed to turn it off to not cut telephone poles or street signs.  When I felt the laser was at low power I would have to squint at light sources so they looked like they were radiating light and that would recharge the laser.
TIL I am not alone in this
I always imagined that same guy on a bike.
UPVOTES ALL AROUND!!!!!!
Sonic the hedgehog. I barely played any of the games. It was still fun.
Wow.. I really expected to be the only one who did this, as a child i always had sonic running by my side during long car rides, it was a blast.
My little dude was on a skateboard
Same here, every time 
I thought I was the only one to do something like this! I used to imagine a little guy on a motorcycle going off ramps on the roofs of other peoples cars to get to the next car.
Words can not describe how happy this thread has made me...I had forgotten I used to do that! 
I did the same but it was normally an X-man sliding along powerlines riding that train etc.
Mine was  guy on a skateboard or a dirt bike. I honestly thought I was the only one...
In the winter I'd imagine myself riding the ditches like a half pipe on a snowboard. Other times I imagine cutting the grass...not sure why tho..
I can't believe how many people did this or had some variation of it (mine was a guy who had to cut down every light/electric pole we passed with a chainsaw.) Fuck. This is some weird shit. 
I did this also. His name was Max & wore a red hat. 
I hope this is the right context, but I used my fingers.
This makes my day that other people did this. I thought I was the only one.
That's awesome. I did/(kinda still)do that and have never mentioned it to anyone. Amazing.
I use to pretend Spider-Man and he could swing also
I always imagined it as sonic the hedgehog until adventure 2 battle came out then I imagined shadow and it became instantly better
Dirt bike, I'd imagine I was riding and try to figure out how to catch big air and avoid crashing.
I used to imagine a ball bouncing back between the car and the obstacles or road markings or anything.  It's hard to explain, but maybe I was alone.
Mine was a cheetah! :)
Am I the only one who didn't do this?
I used to imagine robots, made out of cars, would fight other robots made of houses and other things...
I honestly thought I was the only one that did this. Except sometimes it would be Spider-man or Batman. Both are quite graceful at highspeeds
me too :P
What?! I used to imagine a guy on a dirt bike. Also I would imagine I had a button that could blow up any building or structure I was looking at.
I did the same exact thing!  Mine was a BMX guy.
Hollllly sheeeitttttt I thought I was the only one lol
mine was a velociraptor cause I was obsessed with Jurassic park
No way! Mine was an R/C truck and could grind on fences and jump across the road and stuff!!!
Mind fucking blown!!! I always imagined Mario riding on a green shell!!!
Mine wasn't just some little man, it was my imaginary friend. He would drive a miniature vehicle of whatever I was driving. 
HOOOOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLLLY BALLS I'M  NOT THE ONLY ONE
Mine was a guy on a dirt bike who would jump the ditches as we drove. 
I used to pretend I was riding a unicorn and it would bash things out of the way with its horn.
Me too. My dude would slide along the power lines too.
Me too.... Guy on an orange dirt bike. 
I used to imagine he was a Ninja and he was like doing crazy flips and stuff.
Totally fucking thought I was the only one 
Definitely did this also.  However, mine wasn't a man at all. It was a Velociraptor.
Oh man I'm so happy, I thought I was the only one who did this. 
I used to imagine this...except my guy would be destroying everything 
Mine was a guy with a knife that cut down everything like telephone poles and stuff
Mine was a fighter jet swooping in and out of traffic and I would gain points and multipliers as it successfully weaved in and out. I decided that after enough points it could automate and I've been gaining points logarithmically.
I thought it was just me!
I always imagined a giant blade extending from the car and cutting down anything in the way. Either that or the car jumping over shadows.
I thought I was the only one!!
Reading the comments are blowing my mind. My guy was more like sonic the hedgehog.
Idea for an Augmented Reality game right there. 
I used to pretend it was a light mech, usually a jenner or spider.
I used to imagine a blade on the side of my car that could cut through anything, except when people came around it would morph around them to avoid cutting them
I thought I was crazy and the only one who did that
I used to do that until i played the game skate. Now I envision a skater beside me ... oh and he is damn good.
I always imagined a huge katana blade destroying everything in its path. 
am*
I used to imagine sonic doing all the stunts.
I always imagined me riding alongside my parents vehicle on a dirt bike trying to find good lines to catch air on. It would get my adrenaline going so good! .. I miss road trips with the rents 
Wow, this is much more common than I would have ever imagined. I do dirt bikes  with hills and parkor  with obstacles.
I thought I was the only one...

I used to imagine a wolf. 
I WASN'T THE ONLY ONE!!!
I used to imagine i was on a dirt bike jumping stuff
I do this during the ending credits of movies. I'd start at the top and imagine a little Mario guy dropping down the spaces between words/names racing to get to the bottom. I think I always lost
I used to imagine riding my bmx. Jumping, flipping etc.. I was the world champion bmx rider.
I am not alone. Who knew. 
I always imagined that I controlled a rc car or plane going between vehicles and sometimes under them, made trips through Europe a bit more bearable. 
I did this as a kid. I called him the Naked Man. 
"there's the naked man jumping on the trees"
it this 2007?
I thought that I was the only person who did this.  Reddit has made me see that everybody here is exactly the same.
I still do this, except I imagine the incredible hulk smashing through things and flipping cars. Maybe I'm an angry person?
That was kinda the same for me, except my invisible man couldn't touch asphalt, so it was kind of like a fast paced 'the floor is lava' game. 
I used to imagine a little raccoon doing the same thing.....thought I was the only weirdo child out there haha
It blows my mind how many people did this. I used to always do this and never told anyone to keep from sounding weird. I love you reddit!!
I uses to think the same thing but with sonic the hedgehog.
I always pictured Sonic the Hedgehog. I was a fan of that game on the old Sega.
I always imagined Sonic the Hedgehog, or made my hand do the running.
I did that too!!!
Mine's a cheetah--only thing that runs fast enough to keep up on the highway. :)
I used specs on the window and moved my head to make it jump and dodge everything. 
OMFG! I used to do that all the time when I was younger!
I still do this. It's like playing Sonic, only without rings.
My "little man" was Sonic The Hedgehog
I used to snowboard in my mind hahaha
I always thought I had a mental illness. Good to know I don't.
I pretend it's Spider-man, and I have to see if he can keep up with the car with either really big jumps or by swinging on his web. 
I always imagined these babies running alongside, getting into epic battles. 
Damn, I thought I was alone in my craziness. Although mine was always an animal. Often a horse or a cheetah, or sometimes a dragon.... I still do this...
on the school bus, i used to imagine there was little guy jumping driveway to driveway -- or otherwise, a chainsaw sticking out of the window that cut down all the telephone poles we passed.
ditto but on a motorbike
For me it was a living motorbike that would ride the powerlines and ramp off roofs. 
I imagine a spinning blade that takes longer cutting through thick things and then less time cutting through thin things, and I gain points the longer the blade keeps up with the cars.  If I imagine it going through a living thing my points reset.  Doesn't happen often, got lots of practice.
Lol. I can't believe other people did this! I would imagine a guy running and cutting obstacles with a sword. Also imagined heroes and monsters busting in through the ceiling and fighting epic battles when I was forced to go to the church as a child.
I used my fingers to show his legs.
Wow I thought I was the only one who used to do this!  It's one of those things I never mentioned to anyone.
The games we play
I imagined a snowboarder.
The guy I imagined was always riding a dirt bike or a four wheeler. Who can run as fast as a car!? 
I did that too it was awesome
When we went out west....the dude turned into the roadrunner from looney tunes. 
My guy could only run on curbs. so anytime there is a driveway or cross street, he gets to do some epic jump to clear it. 
did the same, but imagined Spider-Man
How is it that all the weird shit i did while bored as a kid was so common place among young people.. am i a clone.. in some fucked up matrix 
I used to think there was a guy riding a bicycle really fast, and he would ride on roofs, and would ramp off the ^ shaped things that have windows ( Don't know what they are called)  to get to the next house.
TIL, I am not as odd of a child as I used to think.(mine was a skateboarder too, even though I never got into skateboarding)
I've done this for almost thirty years and never once mentioned it to anyone..Now I wonder how often I was doing this in the car while everyone else in the car was doing the exact same thing. ::chills::
Mine was a horse.
I did this too! Mine wore leprechaun clothes.
Mine was always Mario. Always. 
I fucking love you people
So true! I did it with a skier, who had to jump over everything.
Omg me too :o
My guy was on a snowboard! I wasn't worried that there was never any actual snow
I always imagined myself running and jumping over obstacles
I HAVE FOUND MY PEOPLE HERE IN THE COMMENTS
The same here! I always imagined it was some sort of race car, which was driving over all the other cars and stuff...
My little guy happened to be shadow from sonic 
Mine was a cougar!
And i thought i was the only one. 
I imagined a large indestructible pole sticking out of the car destroying everything we passed... kinda wish I hand't saw this cause I had forgot about that...
I thought I was the only one!!
damn.... just brought back my memories :O   so many of us here!!!!
"I still do this on long trips. Then I get yelled at to watch where I'm driving :(" :-D
yea I did this as well.
I'm 17 and I still do. It's often Faith...
I always imagined it was Sonic the Hedgehog.
I would pretend that the car I was in was jumping from obstacle to obstacle. Quite the feat!
Me to
Me too!
I always imagined Olyve Oyl. 
Is this picture on I-80 between Evanston and Salt Lake?
I did this, except with Sonic.
Mine was Spider-Man. He got sad when there were no light posts to swing on.
My guy was on a dirt bike 
Mine was always on a dirt bike. 
Mine was a freerunner (parkour guy) and always jumped over signs and did flips.
Mine was a motorcoss bike rider doing jumps over everything..thats why I loved motorcross madness when it came out.
I always imagined a guy that looked just like Spiderman but his entire suit was  completely black without any features at all, more like Snake Eyes, except sometimes he had a yellow Adidas hat also. He was the best at leaping over things in my mind.
Mine too :) WHEELIEEEEEEEEE
Mine was a cheetah too! (For the exact same reason)
I'm older then mud, and I did the motorcycle thing.  Those had been invented in before my time. :)

It took me almost half the page to find a fellow snowboarder.  Even in the middle of summer, I would pretend that there was snow out there. 







I dont understand. What is this now? about doing shenanigans with imaginary things while in a car? im not comprehending


I had a pony/unicorn.  I needed to blink for it to jump and clear obstacles.  Sometimes I wouldn't blink.  Then I'd get a new pony/unicorn to replace my horribly mangled one.
it was mario for me. but i controlled him with butt clenches.  butt clench = jump. so if there was a fence... quick butt clench... train... loooooooooong butt clench.
I did this all the time too. I always imagined the 'little man' as Sonic the hedgehog though. He also had a skateboard that could grind guard rails and powerlines.
I imagined spiderman because he was able to make long jumps and dodge things with his webs.
I would always use that little spec on the window, and move my head around to make it look like the spec was dodging around obstacles. 
Mine was a dirtbike guy doing flips and tricks off ramps.
I had an Imaginary guy on a Four-Wheeler(ATV) dodging obstacles.

On boring car rides I choose a speck on my window I was imagining that it is a laser dot that cuts everything it touches - cars, trains, buildings. I was imagining the explosions and all the damage happening because of that too.

Sometimes my guy would run. Other times he would ride a skate board. Othertimes there was just an axe sticking out of the car and it would cut down signs and trees and shit
I used to picture Samus from metroid doing this.
Skateboarder for me! Was fun making him do grinds and impossible stuff!
how many times will this post hit front page?
I used to imagine a guy swinging from lamppost to lamppost and he only touched the ground briefly if there were no lampposts left. Alternatively, he'd use trees.
I would imagine a skateboarder grinding and doing jumps or a guy jumping from car to car trying to get to our car. 
OMG I thought I was just crazy and no one else does that but that is so cool!!!!
IAmA that little man. 
Doesn't quite work in Oklahoma
Mine was a ninja that cut down all the trees and powerline poles..Thinking about it now, I'm not sure what the ninja had against inanimate objects.
for me it was me on a dirt bike.
I thought I was the only one and too embarassed to ask others. Today you have freed me!
I used to sleep on long car rides. Now I just space out and forget how I got somewhere.
Mine isn't a guy but it bounces between the side of the car and wall/roadside avoiding obstacles... Kind of like pong but moving. 
Allow me to be yet another Redditor commenting to say I did the same thing. Go Team Little Running Guy!
Wow. I thought I was the only one. I also pretended to have laser eyes and would blink for telephone/light/electricity poles and trees.
I still do lol
I flew a jet fighter with weapons using the door hand hold as a joystick. Oh the imaginary destruction...
I thought I was the only one. I'm so happy I found reddit <3
I still do it. Also from the train. 
Mine was a ninja most of the time 
Is this on I80 in Utah near Salt Lake City? 
Mine was riding a hoverboard.
sometimes he would ride a hoverboard...
Was I the only one that used a spot or mark on the window as a laser to cut down the world outside of the car? (please don't let me be the only one)
haha I am glad I am not the only one
I had a multitude of different people that would run depending on the trip. Sometimes I'd have a runner, others he'd be a skateboarder. On some occasions he would have a bicycle. Aaah childhood. 
I used to imagine that I was firing a huge laser and would destroy everything while we were driving... I was a weird kid
Mine was a dirt bike rider, I really thought I was the only person who did this. 
My guy was riding a dirt bike.
Mine was the early version of sonic. 
me too.
I imagined ninja motorcyclists. Hell yes.
I did that as well. I'd move my head (look up, down, side) to control this imaginary character. It actually kept me from getting car sick, which I always had a problem with. I still do it. 
My guy (carvatar?) would get points based on what obstacles he 'fought' (think Mario hopping on turtles).  Sometimes it was just more worthwhile for him to jump over the obstacle, else he would get hit and die and would have to restart..Odd, but now that I think about it I never gave him max life points, so it didn't really matter if or how many times he died . . .
The one I pictured was running and jumping from point to point and sliding on the power lines.
It's a little harder when you're driving.
Mine used to be a dirt bike...

So i wan't insane. HA MOM SEE! I TOLD YOU.
Motorcycle for me

I thought I was the only one....
YES!!!! I used to imagine they were a bunch of smirfs though, one would fall, the other would catch-up and some would run on-top of the others.
I used to do the same exact thing!!!! He had to jump over things and my eyes controlled him.
I'm not the only one! Although, mine was a cheetah, not a man.
I always imagined Evel Knievel racing next to us, making spectacular jumps on his amazing machine.
I always imagined that it was a remote control car that I was controlling.
I recently told this to my wife, she told me I was a crazy little kid, and yeah... It was a ninja killing people and cows, fucking up things...
I would pretend he was riding a dirtbike on the powerlines a la Excite Bike.
Wow there's like a community of people who all did this and I thought I was weird for doing it XD My "guy" had awesome kart racing type go karts and would drive over jumps and grind on phone wires and such. 
Sooo why were you traveling through Nevada? 
I still do if im the passenger(im 29 now).
DIRTBIKE!
Yes! But I played a game where he ran where I was looking and he'd have to turn into different animals to avoid the obstacles. Kind of like a dropping down as a bear on to transport trucks, then a seagull when there was no cars and a dog when there was (road was lava). So if you looked at me while playing this, it would probably seem like I was epileptic, randomly gyrating my head and eyes on long car rides. 
How the hell was this so universal?? I used to do this, but my guy was all dressed in green and he could only touch/land on nature-y items. Never man made.
Oh my god I did this too...I thought I was special...WHY YOU HAVE TO RUIN THIS FOR ME, INTERNET.
Ditto with Predator
This is simply astounding. I imagined a dirt biker who did tricks and jumped around a lot.  Dang. 
Thank you for bringing me back to my childhood
I used to imagine I was rippin along on my dirt bike
holy shit I used to do that as well O.O
I USED TO DO THIS TOO!!
I did this, but my imaginary friend was a dirtbike racer doing flips and jumping off of obstacles.  Every once in a while, he'd prong a stop sign or something and crash.  But he'd catch up to us.....every time.  
Hell, I still do this!
I still do this!! :D
I would imagine the car I was in was the landmaster tank from Starfox 64. I would imagine that every time that I would blink, it would boost into the air. Blinking again stopped the boost. I would do this over any shadows that went across the road.
He'd twist and bounce from the pinnacle of phone lines, could never lose the little bastard.
I did that, but with She-Ra. And sometimes, she would do flips from power lines.
I've already commented but I want to tell you guys how fantastic this thread is. I'm so happy....
I used to wonder why the moon was following us everywhere.
My dude was a jet moto racer :)
I did the same thing but with a dog
I thought I was the only one
Mine was more of a shadow-jumper... 
I pretend that my finger tips shoot out lasers that cut down everything in their path and.. yeah. I pretend I'm cutting everything down
I remember when my cousin Alex told me she did this too, and I tried to explain how I did the same. No one (her and my older sister) believed me. It went from being super awesome to being frustrating and sad in an instant.
Mine was the lucky charms guy, and he was on a motorcycle
As a 27 year old, I still do this... Only I'm driving at the same time... Being an adult rocks!
mine was the white ranger. I always liked Tommy.
Mine was a white tiger and a flying squirrel. The tiger ran alongside the car dodging obstacles and the squirrel ran the power lines lol 
I remember making the guy skate on road signs and jump across trees :D
I used to do that all the time! I always thought I was the only one. Except mine was a horse on the ground, a monkey in the trees, and a bird in the air. 
i always saw it as this epic black jaguar that was like my "road trip guardian angel"
I used to draw imaginary lines between the roadside markers and then make the car "jump" in time so that it would avoid the lines.  It would make me feel sick after awhile, but I couldn't stop doing it.
I'm seeing lots of people would move their head to 'control' their guy. Am I the only one who made my breathing control it? Inhale = jumping over obstacles, exhale = ground. Holding breath was for big jumps.
I thought I was the only one!!!!!!
My guy was on a BMX bike doing tricks.
i do that all the time except i somtimes use a motorcyclist
Mine was a running little dude that could jump over overpasses, and the ground was lava, so he kept jumping from power lines to signs to fences and stuff.
I never knew so many people also did this!
I always switched it between a car trying not to hit people on the sidewalk and a bike rider doing tricks over anything and everything i could see at the time.
Mine was normally Kirby or Sonic.
I THOUGHT I WAS THE ONLY ONE!!!!!
Best post I've seen on Reddit. I thought I was the only one doing this! 
I still do this only now he's a swerving man. 
Mine was Starfox and the ninjas turtles. Every time we came to a stop was a mini boss battle. 
I'm not the only one? IM NOT THR ONLY ONE!
And I thought that I was the only one who did shit like this and couldn't tell anyone because it was too weird.
Oh my god... I can't believe I wasn't the only one who did this.
my guy was kind of like a guy from TRON with a hoverboard and he was constantly grinding on objects
mine was a horse galloping.
Mine was a guy on a skateboard or bmx bike doing tricks using the rftops as ramps. Also was unaware other kids did this. 
I thought I was the only one haha
I thought I was the only one.
I did this too!!! Only it was myself... As a ninja!
I thought I was the only one. This is awesome knowing other people do it!
me too! except i always imagined it was me lol
Holy Hell. I explained this to my parents once and they did not understand at all. I thought I was the only one who did this. I used to also lift my toes up over cracks in the road like I was jumping for him.
Oh, my god! Mine was a werewolf! He would leap over and through trees and shrubs, and tear street signs down and chew on them, and slash those big electrical boxes with his claws! Now, I couldn't imagine my shoes being a different color.
Oh my God...I seriously thought I was the only one who did that. Mind blown. O_o
Every car ride shunted me back into the cockpit of my P51 Mustang. A spec of dirt on the windscreen expanded to be my HUD and all the oncoming cars where nazi fighters. If I ended up in the back seat of the VW bus we had it would become the rear gunner blister. I'd imagine cars that peeled off as smoking ruins returning to earth in hellfire. Ahhh Church night.
Wait, what...? 
My guy was either skateboarding or extreme bike riding.
Are we like friends?
I thought I was the only one
I do that every time I'm not driving..When I am driving I imagine I'm in a racecar.
Some friends of mine made this game. I think you'll like it (it's also free so you might as well download it). 
For me it was Spider- Man following us shooting webs to catch up to our car.
i still do this but mine is a ninja jumping through trees and over letter boxes and along picket fences  

Mine was a mini truck, car, or boat depending on the terrain.
My guy had a name and a backwards cap. Also sometimes a skateboard. 
My dude had a bike and if an obstacle was to vertical he couldn't ramp off it and would smack into it. Then I'd imagine a new one
I used to imagine a snowborder or a surfer hitting the terrain to the max!
Or destroying objects while walking/running with OCD symetrical stepz
I always imagined he was skateboarding and grinding all over the place, doing crazy tricks a-la Tony Hawk's Pro Skater.
Me too lol I love doing that.
I thought I was the only one...
I used to imagine Wile E. Coyote for some reason.
For me it was someone on a dirt bike. Not sure why. I still do this...even when I'm driving...
So it's not just me?
Mine's a girl in a cape on a horse...
I've always imagined that I shoot exploding laser beams out of my eyes and destroy the landscape and buildings and cars and people
I imagined there was a ball bouncing off the side of my car, like pong. I would have to make sure that the ball did not go down a sidestreet. If I was feeling brave I would go on both sides but then I would fail at a game I made in my head
I did that with a little skateboarding guy
I did the same thing!!! It was either a snowboarder/skateboarder and that dude did some crazy shit!!!
I thought of superheroes I made up.
Mine road a dirtbike and jumped obstacles. 
I used to pretend I was the person running alongside the car and I was doing it to catch up to my love.
Its way more fun on the train with 300kph :P
I used to imagine someone kinda like spiderman swinging in trees and poles to keep up with the car
Maybe it's not your imagination and you can have the ability to see invisible people
My eyes just shot a laser beam and I tried to avoid destroying everything while still being looking very close to the "obstacles"...
i imagined a tiger bounding along the side.
I imagined this to but my guy would jump over and tunnel under obsticles
Mine was a remote control flying car

My guy rode a dirt bike and when we would pass a rural house with trenches flanking the driveway, much air was had jumping over the driveway.  I had no idea how common this was.
My imaginary dirt bike rider could do a back flip over a good driveway tabletop. 
Mine was jackie chan riding a dirt bike
Mine was a dirt bike, and did driveway jumps all the time. Also ramped off of barns whenever possible, or those big domes they store sand in... Like big sand titties.Huge fuckin air off of sand titties dude

This is the sole reason I love reddit. All these things I used to do that I thought I was the only one to ever think about or do them, and it turns out that hundreds of people thought or did the exact same...
My guy wasn't allowed to touch the ground.
23 years old and still do this sometimes on the train to work!!

Used to? I'm 28 and still do this. But my "guy" is actually a bird that must dodge signs and poles or it goes kersplat!
My ''guy'' was a bird too. Glad so many of you still do it. I feel like Peter Pan from 'Hook" and I've forgotten how to play. 
I'm a 33 year old mother and I still do it, but mine's a horse running along next to the car jumping obstacles that get in the way.  
Mine is a horse, too! :D
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:

I want to show this to my parents. When I confessed doing this, they told me I was really strange. I have been living with my phantom-runner shame for a good decade, and now I have been vindicated!
I used Sonic the Hedgehog and he would do his spin thing to go into storm culverts and pop out the other side.

I used to imagine that there was a laser coming from the side view mirror cutting everything and everyone in half. .: 

I imagine Lasers from my fingers cutting down trees and cars in half.

I just imagined that the dirty spots on the front windshield were the targeting reticules for the cars weapons and I would aim them by moving my point of view.  
At night when I was riding in the back seat I would squint my eyes so that the lights along the highway would halo out. If I squinted just right it would look like a laser beam was shooting out from my eyes into the streetlight bulbs making them flare.
WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON HERE!? i was sure i was the only one. this makes me feel so... accepted
Prepare to have your mind blown 

if my buddies ever get this in their cars, i would no longer feel bad about losing "shotgun"
Who jn the world hasn't imagined a ninja friend running along side the car?

I THOUGHT I WAS THE ONLY ONE!!!!
So this is what it feels like when doves cry...
Now I can't be the only one that imagined a dragon flying along...right?...right?! RIGHT?!

Welcome brother. You are one of us.
I have never felt more a part of a group in my entire life...

DUDE! I used to imagine that there was a long lawn-mover blade sticking out of the side of the car and I'd move my head back and forth to keep it from hitting signs, light poles etc. .Good to know you're out there, I thought I was the only one. 

I used imagine there were lasers on the sides of the car and I had to move my head back and forth to avoid them from hitting people. 
I'm actually stunned that other people actually imagined these things as well... I always imagined that it was like a chainsaw and I would try to cut wooden/telephone poles and try to avoid metal ones
I thought I was the only one who did this stuff as well.
I imagined a large blade or lightsaber wrecking shit as we passed
Yep me too, just cutting all trees, poles, cars, people we passed like a kick ass cutco blade or a lazer of some type.

Shii why do we do that??
There are dozens of us!!

I do the same but it's a dirtbike doing tricks on the ditches and stuff.
I did the same dirt bike rider doing flips and stuff. He always feel behind. 
Was he gentle?
I'd do the same thing! Although it was always me on the bike doing all the cool tricks and there'd generally be someone behind on a dirt bike chasing me, they never caught me my tricks were too good.
I also used to do this, except I'd use a smudge or something on the window instead of an imaginary blade.
I thought I was the only one who used a little man running alongside me. Mine was a ninja and he stopped to kill people and animals.
Lol, my ninja ran down power lines. 


I'm also in the Ninja group. It was generally a group of them jumping from tree branch to tree branch similar to the scene from Ninja Scroll (my parents did not supervise my television watching).
I always imagined Sonic the Hedgehog.

Hah, I had a skateboarder who grinded everything.
Dude, samesies
hell yea, I had a skateboarder dude as well. when I got bored of playing, I would have to find a way for him to get his way on top of the car before I could give up. unfortunately, this could take a while... 


Mine was a guy on a snow mobile.  I'd picture how he'd take jumps over ditches and stuff..I had no idea it was this common.
I used to imagine an anthro cat running by the car. My imagination kinda sucked, though, and he'd randomly start doing somersaults and cartwheels until I gave up on it.

Mine was Goku.

Acceptabru
Suave.
The girls face expression. Priceless.
Dont worry kid.... George Maharis shall fakeblock this.
This 
I think I got more second hand embarrassment from this than anything else. 
That drummer boy is unphased, he could go to hell and back and still not give a fuck.
This is what you get when you don't re-tie your straps before performances. 
When in doubt SALUTE. 
Is it true that only military personnel are supposed to salute and it's seen as an insult if a civilian were to salute someone or something? 
I don't think what the kid did was insulting, I actually think it was a classy move but I read somewhere that this was the case. Can anyone clarify that? 
This school is in the next town over from me and the reason he saluted was for his father who's currently in the military 
full video, I think it's better with sound: . happens around 1:05 
This happened in a school by me, it was big news
I would have continued to make the noise with my mouth. BSSHH BSSSHHH BSSSHHH
I watched the whole video, It's hilarious
Honestly, I admire his spirit. Me that young would either run or cry.
I know how that kid feels, I had the same problems when I use to play the cymbals. -salutes the kid- 
The captain goes down with his ship lol.
Knights of new WHERE ARE YOU!!!
As someone who played cymbals in marching band and had this happen.  Yes. It is very awkward.  My strap broke in the first song of a ten minute show.  I just had to keep on marching. ... So did everyone else. Right over the poor cymbal.  The poor fella didn't stand a chance.  It was cracked and flat by the end of the show.  
Oh man, middle school band is rough...
Play it off? What does that mean? Fuck it we'll do it live! fucking thing sucks!!
For anyone who didn't know, he didn't just drop the symbol and decide to stop playing. The handle broke off and he couldn't play.
This happened to me as well, in my first year in marching band (7th grade). The thing flew right off the strap as we were called to attention right before marching on to the field..I marched the whole goddamn show with one useless cymbal.
It happened in the opener, and not one color guard person (or a judge) had the time to pick it up and at least throw it off the field?.Hell, with yo-yo drill like that, you could have done it yourself.
The kid may be in ROTC?
He looks a little young to be in college. 
The schools in my state began JROTC in middle school..Edit: J
In marching band, every time the anthem was sang instead of played by us we would make the cymbal crashes. Epic
I nearly died when he saluted!
They were playing the National Anthem for the US. He done good!
kid recovered like a boss to salute the flag.  He's the fucking man.
Repost
...
That's at my school!!! I know those guys
Stand very still, maybe they wont see me if I'm still.
As a previous cymbal player, this is called the cymbal salute. It is absolutely required of someone whose cymbal strap breaks or they drop their cymbal in this cituation.
really? like, honest to Linus REALLY? cos that's awesome.
Why?
He's lying... Notice how he used a 'c' for "cituation." Clearly shows how nervous he was writing that because he's a liar..(or she. whatever)
Like a fucking champ
It's still a repost even if you just took the video and turned it into a gif
It gets funnier every time I watch this
This happened to me in high school, durring a concert in our gym except it was the windchime stand that broke, the look I got from the director was awful. That's what happens when you use tape to "fix" a stand. 
We had almost no budget, our director was always "fixing" things that would later fall apart at the worst times, usually durring competitions. 
a young george costanza
I don't know what to do with my hands!
He could take them off the drums behind him. Or just bang one on the other. 
he held that salute for way longer than this crappy little gif shows.
if he was OK with setting down the other one, why not just pick up the first one...
The knot unloosed.
oooh I see. well he did exactly what any proud american would do, salute something
Like a bro
The thing that gets me the most is that he salutes, your suppose to cross your heart for the national anthem. It's not the damn army lol
That's why my band director always told me to check the knot every time you pick them up!
he bent down to put the other one down..why not just pick it back up? did the handle break?
yes
Wait, did somebody do something wrong in that gif? I couldn't tell. If they did, I guess they are one smooth cat, because I totally missed it.
If I was drummer boy, I would be dying of laughter.
that is my cousin. I'm related to fame
Would have been easy if he just picked it up like it is whatever.
Poor kid. It wasn't his fault. The handle broke off.
This is great. In high school I was on our indoor drumline and marched cymbals. I remember falling one practice and holding them straight in the air and immediately thinking, "These things are going to split me open like a knife." Best part? Band director didn't even notice I fell. Like a boss. 
I'm sorry but....That drummer is tighter than an asshole trying to hold back Diarrhea. LOSEN UP MAN!.
Wrong, kid. You should have followed up by:.1) producing a tuxedo, top hat and cane out of hammer space
2) prepare to jump on the spot and kick your legs forward
3) a deep breath, a deep voice, and now repeat with me....HELLO, MY BABY! HELLO, MY HONEY!...
Benny Hill
And the most-awkward award goes to...
Saluting always solves the problem. 
Smooth move ex-lax
Had this happen to me. So much noise. And the death glare from my teacher is burned into my mind
He has always reminded me of a young Hank Hill
Saluting whilst solemnly going down with the embarrassment ship
Middle School Height Differences
This is missing keyboard cat...
That's the only gif that's worth seeing in slo-mo.
I was a cymbal monkey back in pep band while our basketball team was playing in a tournament at the Target Center. We were playing the national anthem and I hit the cymbals just right, causing the cymbal in my left hand to all but turn inside out. Another percussionist who was not playing anything grabbed the cymbal to get it straight.. he was laughing his ass off, whereas the conductor looked at me with a glare that could have killed..Good times, good times.
I remember him being the media darling for all of one day. They rushed him out to talk on camera on the morning talk show circuit and asked all the obvious stupid questions in the most patronizing voices possible and the kid painfully recounted the event followed by more patronizing congratulations on how quick thinking and brave he was. So brave... so very brave.
Military personnel salute, civilians do the hand on the heart, but I'm sure nobody cares.
Believe me, some people care. They have nothing better to care about. 
Worst. Salute. Ever.
For those about to rock, I salute you. 
I just can't wrap my head around this reaction
Me either.  I keep thinking, why didn't he just pick it up.
It's already been a few weeks. Time to repost as a gif.

He should have held it out and let the snare player just wail on it. I lived to smack the shit out of cymbals when I played in school. 
Someone please add "like a boss" caption
Please no one do this. 
Never seen it before. Oh wait...
You had one job.

Basically, yes, but nobody except (some) service members cares.
Pretty much. And the ones who get their panties in a wad over such trivial things usually don't last long.
This is one of the best comment threads I have seen in reddit history. Good for ya'll.
Merica. 
I fucking hate reposts.
[deleted]
I'm glad you've seen this before. But I would appreciate if you wouldn't prevent me from seeing interesting this such as this.
Tosh.o needs to find this kid.
if its posted on reddit, you'll be sure he will be showing up on his show
Why would you not just pick it up... 
I want that man as my propane salesman.
Sound advice.  Kind of like the way you played this repost off as OC and then netted almost 2000 upvotes?
Wow. For the first time in my life, I have heard about something in real life before I've seen it on reddit..Wow. Just wow.
If this boy was my child I would be so fucking proud.
what a terrible salute. the index/middle finger should just touch the tip of the brow and people shouldnt be able to see the top or bottom of the hand. upper arm should be parallel to the ground (marching surface) and elbow slightly forward..for fucks sake kid, if youre gonna improvise, DO IT FUCKING RIGHT..only jokes
I fucking love this little Murican so much.

why doesn't he just pick it up
Cymbals like that are usually held using leather straps that are tied through the hole in the middle of the cymbal.  They are impossible to play without straps/handles.  It looks to me like the strap came untied and the cymbal flew off.  So he would have to pick the cymbal up and retie the strap.  Additionally, they are kind of a bitch to tie properly.
thanks for your insight
This will always be funny no matter how many times I see it. 
boy scout for sure
Wheres keyboard cat when you need him?
The drummer is what makes this for me...
Those reflexes.
This is cut. Where is the girl? 
If I remember correctly, doesn't the girl start laughing  a little?
Wow, I went to this middle school. Eisenhower jr high in Darien, Il. 
LOL the kid next to him is so funny for some reason.
I thought he was just going to keep making the same hand movements minus 1 cymbal and hope no one noticed.
I know the drummer kid on the right in real life! Achievement unlocked - know someone who is famous on the internet 
This thread literally helped me out of my depressive slump this morning.  That kid is a champion. 
(If the video loads an advertisement, please install adblock to chrome or firefox.  If you use IE, get with it man)
god my side hurts I'm laughing so hard. That salute came completely out of the blue
The noise probably equaled a car crash..Source: I was in band.
No, it probably wasn't..Source: I was a percussionist in a major youth philharmonic orchestra.
Nope.
Source: I am in band.
The handle broke off of it.
Handled that like a Champ. Well done, kid. 

Like a boss. Good on you little man.
Quick! Play me off Johnny!
Vamp! Vamp!

You're probably wondering why Johnny is in hell. Johnny liked little boys. 
When all else fails, start thanking America
Thanks, Obama!.Edit: Added the obligatory comma.
I've seen this before ... hold on ... It's that guy!

The JPEG is strong in this one.
The salute took me by surprise.

Army jerk!
One of my favorite moments from that entire show.  
In the video they're playing the national anthem so he's saluting the flag. 
I kinda was in a limbo there for what looked like 2-3 years while he stared at the ground

Wasn't this submitted to .  like two weeks ago? Fuck I hate reddit.
The reaction of the girl on bass drum and the deadpan of the guy on snare make it better.
Source comments should always be the top comments.
Why didn't OP just post the video?
 Posts gifs to imgur but with his site name stamped onto whatever gif it is he's submitting. 
u/WillPostGIFsForFood
Some people just don't have the time to watch videos. It's much more faster with gifs.
It was already posted and op wanted karma.
People complain when you post video's, others complain when they post gifs, just can't win these days.
Every time he hit them together I was waiting for him to drop it.
Thing is he didn't drop it. The strap on it broke. 
Or you epigram the video. I too am
A percussionist and have played this song a billion run of things I derive pleasure from the girls reaction whilst he goes for the speak to. She's without distinction "Classic Frank, thinking astraddle his toes."toes" I would claim assured of success the cymbal crashes with my mouth.
Nothing worse than having an instrument break mid set..Had this before (although not with a cymbal), it's fucking mortifying, especially if you're a lead.
Even worse if you're second, and now you have to take their damn part..Happened to me once. Buggered that solo up badly.
class move by this kid.I would have just stood there or made tons of noise
Waving your arms and making a bunch of . sounds
I would've slowly backed off, or ran in panic. 
Though to be honest when he bent down, he could have picked it back up rather than putting the other down. 
I think the handle broke
Are you seriously that stupid?
Like cymbal noises with your mouth?.::TSHHH, TSHHH::
I'd be like 'AHHHHHH WHAT DO I DOOOO?!" (Aziz Ansari Voice)
"DAAAAAAAHH, GET TO DA CHOPPA" (Arnold voice)
He didn't drop it. The handle broke off.
as a percussionist, I can verify how even $400 crash cymbals sill have shitty handles.
I would have grabbed a mallet and one of those suspended cymbals behind him and finished the fucking song.
Even without the cymbals behind him, he could dangle the cymbal with one hand and hit it with the neck of a drumstick (or have the snare drum player hit it).
'MURICA!
I now take with me the philosophy that if something goes wrong, salute the shit out of it.
Dammit, my burger has pickles in it! Better salute the cashier.
More like 'HARDCORE PERCUSSIONIST'.
Nah, they're used to improvising. Stuff like this happens often.
Apparently this guy wasn't.

Captain America!
thats a fucking powerful magnet
Where would Reddit be without you?
This man needs an award. NOW!
I feel myself rooting for the guy
It looks like he used the force to will the cymbal back!
It reminded me of the scene from the first harry potter movie where they are making the broom sticks fly up to their hands. 
Like he forgot to pick up both of them and to play it off, he uses the force to pick up the other one
I hate it when I have to use the force to get out of an awkward situation.
When your cymbal breaks you can either stand there like a jackass or salute the fucking drummer boy. This kid made the correct choice. 
I mean... He could have picked it up and kept going
I never would have thought of this. I would have took the other cymbal had the kid next
To me do some one handed gravity blast rolls and hit the cymbal with the other stick. 
The strap on the cymbal broke. They're made of leather, and they suck most of the time. The leather constantly rubs against a sort-of-sharp metal hole. And once the strap is gone, you can't hold it in any way that wouldn't dampen the sound of the cymbal..Source: Played cymbals for a year in marching band.
Most of the time the "handle breaking" just meant that the strap came untied. If this was me I would probably crouch down and fix the strap. Or just steal a drumstick from the snare and keep going with the one cymbal..Source: Mastered the art of the 5 second cymbal retie.
He was saluting the flag. It was the national anthem.
The actual video is a band playing the Star Spangled Banner, so he's saluting the Flag. Still, and awesome and suave move by him.
Is saluting the flag a common thing in the States? Sounds bizarre..Edit: It seems I need to clarify. Is saluting the flag during the . a common thing? I'm guessing by the responses so far, yes..That, to me, is bizarre. (And what I was asking.).Edit2: Got my answer, thanks guys.
Good ol' patriotic flag worship..Welcome to America where if you steal the citizenry's rights no one gives a shit, but if you refuse to worship a symbol, WE WILL FUCKING KILL YOU.
The rule I was taught was that ordinary folks should remove their hats (if wearing one), face the flag, and put their right hand over their hearts. Boy scouts in uniform salute with three fingers, while military personnel salute the flag.
Well saluting with your hand up to your head is bizarre for civilians, most civilians put their hand up to their heart.  It's usually only military who salute the flag with their hands up to their head. 
For the national anthem it's usually military people in uniform that have to salute. Military in plain clothes are supposed to stand at attention. Civilians usually hand on heart area and standing. 
After the Defense Authorization Act of 2009, veterans and active duty members that are out-of-uniform are allowed to salute the flag during the playing of the National Anthem. I'd much rather just stand at attention though.
I think most everyone would rather stand at attention if they have to.. people don't realize how long the anthem is until they have to salute for the entire duration. 
Yes, haha. Don't lock your knees! Best advice ever.
Have you actually seen someone pass out during the national anthem? I've only had people pass out at 15 minutes+
Not during the National Anthem but once during a Change of Command Ceremony. He was one of the flag bearers too. No one in my platoon laughed even though it looked pretty funny. I think we were all fearing that it could happen to any one of us next. That ceremony lasted for 2.5 hours .___.
Oh yeah, that'll happen. At least one person faints at every award ceremony that involves standing and definitely at change of commands.

Most will do the civilian salute, which is hand over heart.
I salute the flag because it is how I remember those who died for it.
Either hand over your heart or at attention for the duration of that song (depending on if you're a civilian or military)..Saluting the flag is generally done for Colors (morning or evening) or during taps. **edit: for the full tune's duration
being that it was during the national anthem, no.
That's what I meant to ask; during the national anthem people salute the flag?
the greater majority of the time, people just hold their right hand to their hearts...like how we were trained to do in public school (for the pledge of allegiance)...mostly only the military folks salute the flag during the anthem.
It would not be odd at all to see someone in uniform saluting the flag during the nation anthem on a formal occasion. 
Yeah I should've specified even more lol, by salute I meant a military style salute, that's not typical of a civilian, correct?
Okay. I just wanted to know if it's a common thing to do.
Sort of scales with your blind patriotism and willingness to be subjugated.
Usually only those who are/were in the military or maybe the police. Regular folks just stand there, look respectful, and sing along if they feel like it.
Yeah I could understand the military or police doing it (or former members of the military/police) but not a regular Joe.
I have a feeling this was an army/sea/air cadet band, or something similar.
fairly certain this is JROTC or something, but close enough.
Yeah we very rarely do that. I only ever see it at the football...
They'll put their hands over their hearts usually
Yea, but plenty of regular people salute the flag simply cause that's what they see military people do. 
The Flag Code (which, because the Constitution protects free speech, functions as a non-binding set of guidelines with no penalties), says that civilians "salute" the flag by placing their hands over their hearts.  Veterans and Military personnel can salute the flag in the military manner.  Considering that we are taught to place our hands over our hearts in the civilian salute, I would take a guess this boy goes to a military school, is in JROTC (Officer training program for high school, makes them take less ROTC courses in college), or doesn't know what he is doing.  If I am wrong on any of these points, please don't hesitate to correct me.
 EDIT: ROTC is the officer training program during college, JROTC is the high school one that you can take before ROTC.
I think this is Eisenhower Junior High in a suburb outside Chicago. .Look at the logo on their website and compare to the floor. .I grew up in the area and recognized it.
If he was ROTC or JROTC he would know not to salute while under cover. 
Ah, okay thanks for providing an actual/reasonable response..I've seen the civilian 'salute' before, just didn't think a military style salute was typical for a civilian.
That isn't true. Going from JROTC to ROTC makes no difference. If you enlist you get an immediate promotion to E-3 but it makes no difference for ROTC
Can confirm: Got E-3 from NJROTC.
I dunno about that. I did JROTC all four years and now have the option to waiver the first semester of AFROTC. At least the classroom instruction, anyway. 
I may have seen the JROTC to E-3 enlistment and one of the scholarships ROTC offers and gotten them mixed up.  Thank you for telling me.
Judging by the band's uniforms, it definitely looks like a military school
Even so, they . shouldn't be saluting the flag, according to the letter of the law, but in practice, military schools tend to do it anyway because they are preparing them for a career where the law says that you should do exactly that.
The Code says military personal "may" salute the flag.  There is nothing saying non-military personnel should 'not' salute the flag.  .Private schools, including military schools, have the right to create and enforce rules as they see fit.  They are not part of the government, and are therefore not in violation of the Constitution.  (Same logic that permits private religious schools to pray, etc.)
It isn't in violation of the Constitution, it's in violation of the guidelines in the Flag Code, which cannot make anything illegal because that would be a violation of the 1st amendment, so I could salute the flag if I wanted to.  Also, non-military personnel in uniform (fire-fighters, police officers, letter carriers etc.) may salute the flag.   The Flag Code says that all other persons (those not given the option to salute) should place their right hand over their heart.  
During the star spangled banner, Not bizarre at all...
It is to me as a Canadian..Never had to . the flag. Perhaps I'm just an anarchist that lives in a cave, but I've never seen anyone else do it either.
Yeah in gradeschool, we have the pledge of allegiance. As said by ., a civilians salute is hand over heart which is what we do in school.  yuppersss.
Citizens of the US of A and their love for their flag is one of the weirdest thing in this world...
Being a proud citizen of your country is just for stupid Americans AMIRITE GUISE?!
Oh fuck off troll.
Sad Canadian :(
Go start your shit somewhere else.
:(
Fuck off. 
That wasn't very nice, eh?

Canadian and Brit civilians don't salute the flag, but I suspect their military does. Technically American citizens aren't intended to salute as you see this boy doing. Civilians salute using a hand to the heart or standing at attention. But since saluting is technically a form of non-verbal speech, it's protected under the first amendment so the government could never enforce something like that..Edit: Also, you don't HAVE to do anything. That's also protected under the first amendment. 
Ahh okay thanks.
When Canadian and British military salute, they are saluting the Queen.
The Queen literally, or the Queen figuratively? I'm not quite sure which sounds weirder - saluting a flag because it's a piece of fancy fabric, or saluting the flag because it's some embodiment of your queen.
Technically the Queens commission of an officer. There is no saluting the flag, just officers. And even then, it's the rank and what it represents that is saluted, not the person who holds the rank.
Ok right, so it's not the flag they're saluting, it's an actual person. .Edit: In addition, don't they salute when the flag is being raised and/or lowered? Salute meaning stand at attention
Don't worry about it, when I first came to the states, I was almost appalled that we had to recite the national pledge all through elementary school every morning. I'm not quite sure why you're getting downvoted for a simple question, but yes, in America, we do salute the flag when the national anthem is being played. .You'll see such at big football games when the song is sung by >insert famous person here<
you don't actually . to
Ah it's my fault for not clarifying; I meant is it normal to do a . style salute, but as others have mentioned no it's not..Thanks.
It is normal to put your hand over your heart, but that is it. I think civilians are also supposed to stand at attention according to flag code, but no one does that.
Why were you appalled? If you don't mind me asking of course.
No, but it is hugely expected of you.
Of course! It just... Came off as very cult-like behavior. People say that they pledge allegiance to the flag because many Americans died for the flag, but many British died for theirs, and likewise for any nation with a military. It was very strange to see 6 year old children amassed before a flag, all monotonely (is that even a word?) pledging their absolute loyalty for something they couldn't even understand.
A better example of what you said, with the children standing amassed in front of the flag etc., rather than Britain, would be Nazi-Germany. They did the same thing in the schools, to get the kids in line with their propaganda, right from the start.
Kind of late, but I would like to say that the pledge has become more of a routine than a cult thing. It helps teachers transition from the noisy morning into the school day. I think cult implies passion but the kids just do it out od habit without internalizing what they are saying.
 I agree, it is strange custom. it served a purpose at one time and hasn't 
been replaced. Seems to be a running problem in the US. 
While not bizarre, you generally don't salute the flag in that manner if you are a civilian.
If you look in the background, the band is dressed in military style uniforms.  They really don't look like  marching band uniforms, and the ensemble positioning isn't what you would expect from a marching band (normally, that type of group would either stand, or be in one unit).  It could be a military school band of some sort, in which case it wouldn't be that odd for him to revert to a salute..However, it's more common to put your right hand over your heart if you are not actually in uniform.  The video is a little odd, because everyone except for the cymbal and the snare players are wearing jackets.  Even the bass drum player has one under her harness, as well as the color guard (which appears to be made up of another bass player and the tenor player).
That's a matter of opinion though. As a German I find the whole flag cult in the USA highly bizarre.
I agree with this point (I will generally stand for the Anthems but wont salute). What I really don't get is how we play the National Anthem before almost EVERYTHING we do. Major league sports, little league baseball/t-ball, ice Shows, demolition derbys, chess events tourneys. It is a bit ridiculous.  
In soccer it is only played before competition between two national teams, which kind of makes sense. Other than that and during olympic games, I practically never get to hear mine.
Very well, you win. I stand corrected,  His hand was off by a foot or so for his proper salute.  At least he tried!
If it was a military school he would know how to salute correctly though. Just my two cents.
And he's definitely not a veteran.
Maybe he's in ROTC
That's one crappy salute if he's in JROTC.
Then he should know to never salute under cover. If he was in fact in ROTC, he should stand there at attention.
At his age, he'd be JROTC. Just saying.
Either way, point still stands.

You and your prejudice.
Kid just stares at it almost as if he just dropped the cure for cancer or something. 
Salutes as if he will now commit suicide to save the bands honor.
Oh, the salute at the end....
I think he was staring at it because the handle broke and he was confused.
Exactly, he couldn't very well pick it up and keep going, so a couple seconds of thought processing and he decides the best things to do is salute, and plays it off masterfully. 
Not a surprising reaction considering he knows he just loudly attracted the attention of everyone in the room.
I read these in Ruck's voice from Bastion..edit: Kid looks over, sees the flag. He's not sure what he sees in it, but he knows it's worth something.
Loved that part of the game. Creative storytelling to a whole new level.
I read these in Uncle Ruckus's voice from The Boondocks 
Revitaligo
It's amazing how much this changes the tone from .'s.
I wish I could read everything in Uncle Ruckus's voice
Well now you can with the all new "SOUND LIKE RUCKUS" Audio tapes from Bantam Books. .Wherever books are sold
Oh boy! 
Is he saluting or watching his self-esteem disappear into the sunset?
[deleted]
Being a serving infantry veteran of the British army I'm fully aware that its a salute you spunktrumpet x
I didn't know the flag was a communistic dumbfuck.
He gets an upvote for using words that I . knew exis......Oh wait.....
I always cringe when I see a salute like this.
Garbage, yes.
Untrained child, yes..Edit: Garbage salute??
I mean it is a bad salute, folks. 
And the child probably doesn't know the proper way to salute. Excuse me.  
Isn't salute meant to be made by the military only? I was always told to never salute unless I got my uniform on..Well, at least he tried.
Probably the best comment I've ever seen.  
Salud!
In the video, they're playing The Star Spangled Banner. He drops the cymbal and salutes the flag for the rest of the song.
"Goodbye dignity, I hardly knew ye."
If you watch the video the girl two spaces over is visibly falling in love with him.
He definitely got an awkward outside-pants handjob from her that day
except you can tell she thinks he's a knobber.
[deleted]
Dude calm down, here have a cup of warm something and just enjoy life
[deleted]
k.
She's laughing at him.
I think in a good way though. If she actually disliked him she would've just looked pissed/embarrassed. 
She can both not dislike him and not love him. They could just be friends.
awww
So, things worked out better than expected?
Yep
there's one spot right at the end where you know there is supposed to be a cymbal clash, and it's just not there... it hurts so bad.
So . what love looks like. 
I had fun trying to guess when the accident would happen. 
The cymbal didn't even sound out of place when it fell
More context if you start it at 60s:


After watching the video I want to shake this kids hand. God damned Patriot if I've ever seen one, and fuck all them commies that are laughing at him. 
 Jiffy! 1:29 - 1:32
Wow they are so .. .Why would you even subject kids like these to perform live when they can barely play their instruments?
o god.  
Smooth as fuck. 
Is it bad that I knew this was the Star Spangled Banner just from watching the gif? I've played all three drum parts waaaaaaay too many times, nothing else has a constant snare roll with bass on 1 and cymbals on 2 like that.
Or you saw the video. I too am
A percussionist and have played this song a million times I love the girls reaction when he goes for the salute. She's like "Classic Frank, thinking on his toes." I would have made the cymbal crashes with my mouth. 
*Saw the video... Not fucking seen. Next time I will destroy you 
Wow, male being just stands there for like, a diminutive.
Meh. 
Up vote for the correction.. You're a good person 
Thanks. Reluctant to say the same considering you threatened to destroy me. You're probably a good person as well. 
You're a douche... "had seen" would have worked.
Would still have required a correction since the original stated "or you seen". Ergo, you're the douche
Wow, he just stands there for like, a minute.
Shortest comment I've seen from you in a while, Bob
Yeah the mothers nothing else but don't doubtlessly abandon their litters unless they're dead. It's and all inner self sidelight yours truly can't gather into barns their babies save a predator, as long as they'll distract attention from instead and take a shit screw up conformable to yours truly leave..TL;DR:leave.TLDR Leave in arms bunnies unmatched. They're satisfactory.
I also knew this was the Star Spangled Banner, but because he saluted the flag.
I also knew this was the Star Spangled Banner, but because I saw the video weeks ago
If you look at his hand, you can see he's still holding the strap. So it wasn't his fault the cymbal fell off, the strap broke. Nothing he could do about it. He played it off like a pro.
Well he played it off reall well for a high schoolish student who had no idea what to do, I don't think the visible panic on his face is part of professional etiquette
He's like oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck... Um... Ugh... Salute the flag
Gotta love how the short kid does a subtle sidestep to avoid getting bashed in the face with the girl's mallet.
Ya but the snare kid is a stoned face mofo.
[deleted]
Proin nulla turpis ad nisl nisi elementum inceptos sagittis magnis.
The band at my high school was the most incestuous group of kids ever. No one went without a girlfriend for long and everyone passed around the same girls once a couple broke up.  
He probably means incestuous as if the band was close enough to be a family. Or he has lots of siblings 
This one time, at band camp
Incestuous?
That is indeed what he said....
This guy is a troll who is trying to collect downvotes. (look at comment history), just ignore, don't downvote.
Upvotes for him then!
Which is why I wish there was a cap on negative karma to remove the incentive to seek a big negative number. 
He subtley moves over to avoid getting hit in the face by bass drum girl, who's cracking up.
Oh man, I'm so glad you pointed that out. 
Sounds like you were home schooled...incestuous
He is a goddamned professional
SOMEBODY PROMOTE THIS MAN!
[deleted]
That would stop global warming, but there's one problem: iguanas are allergic to peanuts.
Failure, Mr. Jones, is hardly very original. Please sit down. 
Noooo that would cause my photonic resignation chamber to implode! !!!!!!!!



Honestly, I've got you tagged as the "Tester of Reddit" because you link to seemingly unrelated .gifs all the goddamn time..
The crazy thing is how often they get upvoted. People seem to either embrace you completely or unleash the great downvote avalanche upon you at random.
Yeah but the .gif is someone rebounding -- like the kid did!
Do you have the source of that GIF?
Do you even GIF, bro?
I think it was some vine video. Its probably on the top if you search best of vines. 
It's a vine. Here it is posted to ..
Welp, there went 30 minutes of my life.
[deleted]
What the fuck is a vine?
Apple app.Edit: forget about my post, guy below has it right

It's a video. Just a stupid trademarkable name for a short video.

HE CAME FROM SOMEWHERE BACK IN THE LONG AGO
In the before time? The long long ago?
Her "I <3 ME" hoodie makes this for me. 
Fantastic just simply fantastic
See you dumb gun nuts!? All you have to do is piss yourself. you dont need 30 round high capacity heat seeking baby killing magazine clips. ATTENTION: THIS RIGHT HERE IS SARCASM. I SUPPORT THE RIGHT TO CARRY.
This should probably be in r/gore as this is a great example of what happens when you get cut in your . At least he won't be humiliated long as unconsciousness is probably less than a minute away with death following about 4-8 minutes later.
He's peeing not bleeding
I don't think that's urine, too dark.
Look at the ground. You can clearly see it's not blood.
^ the truth
Hard enough to rob someone in broad daylight, but can't handle a little piss? What a bitch.
Funny I posted this a month ago, getting around 200 points. You repost it and get over 1,500. Thanks, OP.
I highly doubt you were the first to post this. 
I didn't say I was. I said that it was humorous that I posted the same image a month ago and got less than a fifth of the score. 
Your language implies it, but I guess you're right, you didn't directly say it. 
Fake..Perp is white.
I was just waiting for the guy to get fed up with him and just stab him and take the wallet. 
Fake.
This is not funny at all...
just so everyone knows this is fake
Wait, people post fake things on Reddit??
[cough]fake[/cough]
[deleted]
Holocaust = totally fake
Poor guy :( must've been scary as fuck and really embarrassing.
Guy getting robbed at knife point, then laughed at for urinating while the criminal runs away. Welcome to reddit! 
I'm not laughing... I'm hoping that if I ever get mugged (again) that I'll have to piss really badly so I can use this jonx.  Shit is brilliant.
I don't seem to understand, if he was that far away from him after he started peeing, I mean he was further than arms length, why didn't he just, yah know, run away? He doesn't want to chase you because there's always a chance you'll get into a more public area, then he's fucked.
A friend of mine carries a fake wallet full of loose receipts and other worthless things specifically to "accidentally" drop when he gets mugged (he's been mugged several times).  He's also an 8th degree martial artist and so when the mugger looks down at the distraction, the mugger's going to have a bad day.
When ever we went out to the bars and such in DC, my friends and I used to carry a "mugging wallet".  A cheap velcro wallet with twenty dollars and a bunch of expired cards, and your Safeway card, stuff like that.  When we got mugged, you give that up, they go away, no loss, no fuss.  The real stuff was in a money clip or something in your front pockets.  That you didn't give up.
Looks like Harry and Marv are expanding their "Wet Bandits" meaning
I thought he was bleeding too. That's a lot of piss
I can pee on command.
Do it. 
Shit, these are my favorite shorts.
LiveLeak
Spaghetti everywhere.
when is it my turn to post this gif for karma?
He better be good with that blade.  There are a lot of people out there who give zero fucks about a knife and can make this quite unfortunate for the attacker.  
I wish the guy had a gun so we could see the mugger die
There may come a time that Alienblue users can view pictures on their iPhone without switching to safari.....
.
.
But that is not this day!....
He shoudlve dropped all of his money in that puddle, "you gotta earn it bitch"
Who the fuck gives money to someone with a knife never mind a chick.
Awww, poor guy, he probably could have got the robber to leave empty handed at some point, but it's like he was trying to help him because he was so embarrassed about messing it up. 
my god...he reallly needed to pee...
TIL when getting held up, pee yourself
It took me too long to realize he'd wet himself..It's two parts disgusting and three parts brilliant.
Fake. This is one of the guys from those David Blaine parody videos.
The poor guy got the piss scared out of him. :-(
Is this real?
It's just a comedy video by the same people who made the David Blaine parodies.
is this fake? its in broad daylight. 
Yeah this is fucking hilarious. What kind of dumbass pisses himself in fear when his life is threatened? Let's laugh at his terror and humiliation.
Next time I get mugged, it'll be for shits & giggles..
how is this funny again?
Wow I thought he was stabbed in the femoral artery.. still not 100% sure that is not what happened..
Nature is full of useful self-defense techniques..This is not one of them.
If this is real, flight or flight mentality kicks in where your body switches energy from non-essential systems (such as bowels) and diverts it to muscles and what not...   
"No matter how much you think you [want to rob] somebody, you'll step back when the pool of their [pee] edges up too close."
The thief scared the piss out of him

That's not a knife. This is a knife. 
I feel like there should be betty hill music playing
Or Benny Hill. Not sure who Betty Hill is or why she's relevant....
I take full responsibility for this fuck up...
I thought it was blood
poor guy :(
Wow, this is so real and funny!
Anybody else find it strange that the guy pisses like 3 gallons worth?
this has been posted 1000x and now has ever answered if this is actually real. anyone know?
so fake
Mugging defense level: expert
Seeing as he still got mugged, hardly an expert at all.
i actually have never been mugged before, but couldnt you just run away?
Who wears flip-flops to a mugging?
I thought he stabbed the guy and that was blood...what a pisser.
If I ever get mugged I'm going to remember this
I think they teach this defense technique in those self defense classes.
That's terrifying I thought the guy with the knife was going to run
I like how he dropped the wallet in the puddle of piss and then tried handing it to the mugger and the mugger was like..WTF YOU TRYING TO HAND THAT PISS COVERED SHIT TO ME!!
Ah, this just made me sad. Poor guy.
THE ULTIMATE DEFENSE MECHANISM! 
No, that's pocket sand. 
Good tactic, if I ever get mugged, I will piss on the attacker.
Gees thats a lot of piss.
at least he wasnt told to lay on the ground and count to 50
fake
that guy really had to pee
Is it just me, or does he look like Michael Bluth? 
Stuffs going shitty and that made me laugh. Thanks
Would have been more interesting if that was blood from getting knifed in groin.
I really think turning and running would be a more effective way to deal with a knife.
Repost
BWAAAAA
Did I just witness a murder?  Thanks, that was hilarious.
Really? Did that really look like a murder? I peed himself because he got scared. Actually very common in situations like that..
Anybody post this yet?
He had plenty of opportunity to take out the guy with the knife.
This is where the phrase "pissed away your money" came from.
That is a lot of piss
that's what makes me think this could be real. humans normally do piss a larger amount than most people expect.
Toads do the same thing when they're frightened.  Those majestic creatures know how to survive a mugging.
I don't get you troll accounts. What satisfaction do you get from it?
And its a TRUTH account, not troll :-)
I suspect it's because they tried to make regular comments but never had anything interesting, funny, or otherwise worthwhile to contribute, so they make these types of accounts in order to get SOME reaction from people instead of being ignored.
Hit the nail on the head there. They need attention, and can't get positive attention, do they settle with negative attention. 
It's true!
Calling Bear Grylls
More fake shit people believe on reddit.
Except that IS what happens.
The second note he picks up wasn't in the puddle. The first the mugger makes him wipe it off.
this is a sketch by . if anyone was wondering....they've made some funny videos, . is my personal favorite
You always wonder how you'll react in a crisis. You hope you'll be a hero and not a coward. By virtue of laughing at this gif, I feel like I sealed away my karmic fate to be the next guy who pisses himself that you see on the internet.
Don't worry, it's a video by online comedy troupe ThoseLilRabbits.  The same people who did the David Blaine parodies.
I KNEW IT! I KNEW IT WAS STAGED! My keen sense of parodies was piqued when the victim guy smelled something he dropped in the puddle. Real person wouldn't do that. 
I'm just gonna make a mental note about that...

What does his comment have to do with a switcheroo?...
Totally thought he hit the guy's artery.
At least it wasn't in vein.
As an armed human approaches an unarmed human, the unarmed human urinates himself as his only defense. The armed human desires the green that the unarmed human has obtained. The unarmed human's only other strategy is to try to douse his green in his own urine, hoping the armed human would find it undesirable. This works in some cases, but for this poor human, it did not work. The armed human flees victoriously, as the unarmed whimpers home..(read by David Attenborough)
Paging .paging .paging ....
The red crested northern sissy can pass over a LITER of urine...in a single confrontation.

When I was in college I had 2 guys approach me, one of them pulled a knife and told me to give them everything.  Now, I'm 6'4" and had a wild ass red beard.  Now, I'm 400 pounds, not really sure how much I weight then, but was a lot less than now.  But still, these two guys decided they'd mug me.... .So I did my best crazy eyes and just said "There's gonna be some fuckin' here soon...."  .They said it again and I undid my belt and screamed at the top of my lungs "AHMMA GONNA FUCK ME SOME ASS!!!!"   .They ran after that.  .Then I went and got a few stiff drinks amazed that it worked....
Didn't you watch hey Arnold? You don't mess with crazy. 
I wish I could upvote this more than once.  That was awesome.
I can't stop laughing from this...haha
I almost got stabbed while sitting in the passenger side of my car while my friend was gonna go in and get some beer.  A couple of mexican dudes came over, my automatic windows were down coz it was hot as shit out, and the bigger guy proceeded to whip out a knife and point it at my guts.  My friend jumped back into the car and locked his door and was fumbling to get the keys back into the ignition.  I screamed like a little girl, and held desperately to the fat man's wrist with both hands to keep it just inches from my guts.  He was demanding money out of my wallet (that i was sitting on durrr).  I yelled at my friend to get us the fuck outta there, and just then the engine roared to life and we peeled the fuck back out of there never to return..The rest of the night my friend kept asking to check my stomach and make sure I wasn't stabbed.  I think he was more fucked up about it than I was.
I'm glad your friend didn't drive forwards instead of backwards!
On a scale from 0 to Nigerian Prince, how real is this?.It's still kinda fun though, made me blow more air than usual out of my nose.
^
Pro Wrestling. The source video is above, it's all staged. 
I'm kind of thinking it spells brother as "broda" at this point. 
Am I the only one having a hard time laughing at a guy pissing himself in sheer terror? This just made me sad.
We're not laughing at the guy, we're laughing at the mugger who kind of but kind of doesn't want piss-soaked money, and at how badly his first mugging is going. C'mon now.
It's the whole act of him fumbling about and the comicall situation, we're also assuming it's not real..Like laughing at prison rape jokes, they're rarely just a story about a guy who actually got raped.
He dropped his wallet in a puddle of his own piss and then started slipping around in it..Terrifying, yes. Hilarious? Yup.
Too bad it's fake and too bad this is a repost.
 a repost?! Oh god, no!

Yeah in the original you can see him stick something in his pocket and the waterworks start.
If this disappoints you I think you need help.
Yes, too bad this guy didn't really get mugged and really piss his pants.
if only it were true, then i could have considered laughing :( so sad. its only funny when other people . suffer though. 
"I got mugged today, I'm so pissed."
loool, i get it
"The guy I mugged today took so long, it was really pissing me off!"
Today I pissed in my pants and I never did change my pee-pants all day. I'm still sittin' in my dirty pee-pants.
[deleted]
That wasn't funny.
He deleted it what did he say?
Quote: It took so long he was pissing himself off.
It was so muggy today my pants were soaked.
I like to imagine seconds after the robbery, the guy spots a clothing store across the street. He's like "oh, thank god I can just buy new pants!". And then it hits him.
The bus?
Blue's Clues Steve in "Hot Pants: Enchilada Surprise".
Drunk driver.
Got any eye bleach handy?  Oh and some air freshener too...
Diarrhea.
Oh, fucks sake. That made me cackle. 
Shoulda been wearing his ..


Goddamn, I'm giggling like an elementary school kid at that.
it's always the short ones that are the best.
I was climbing up the ladder when I heard something splatter 


When your sitting in a Chevy and you feel something heavy.
When you're sliding to first and you feel a burst...
Who slides to first?
When you're climbing up a tree and it's running down your knee...
When you're sitting in the bath and it makes a brown path...
When you're sitting in a bush and it makes a little skoosh..,.Diarrhea!Diarrhea!
"Where will . be when it strikes?"
Knowing my luck, in an inconvenient public place; like a bus.
Seen an old man do this. You don't want to do this.
The old man didn't want to do this either.
On a serious note, a couple decades ago my cousin was thrown into a car and a guy attempted to rape her. She screamed, fought, and then finally just pissed. He through her out after she pissed. No rape happened. A strong defense, the piss.
[deleted]
I have the quadruple whammy in my defense: piss, shit, foam at the mouth, AND speak in a demonic voice.I have yet to see how successful/hilarious this might be
Or instead of humiliating yourself and showing the rapist that they are in control you could carry a weapon. Your cousin is lucky that it worked for her.
She's lucky the guy wasn't into urolagnia.
That's nice.
Soooo rapists are like jellyfish?
Genetically, they're more similar to jellyfish than to the rest of us
I only gave that an upvote because she didn't get raped.
I remember my social psychology professor telling us that the best way to fend off a rapist when you have no other way out is to disgust him/her by either pissing or vomiting. It will supposedly turn off their sexual drive.
Unless they're into that sort of thing.
I've always been kinda curious if a "It's your funeral, I have AIDS" approach would work.
On a more serious note, this won't actually work a vast majority of the time. Those of you who value your sovereignty should take proper measures to avoid such situations and defend yourself if need be. If someone intends to rape someone they've already conceded to themselves it's going to likely be messy; we're talking about unreasonable people willing to do great harm to others for their own pleasure. 
Until he grabs her throat and whispers into her ear through clenched teeth, "So do I."
This terrorist makes sense.
The majority of rape occurs with people you know. They're not demonically evil. They can still be just as kind as you and me. Except you know, they have exercised their capacity for rape. I think pissing yourself would work on party rapes and date rapes. And I bet it would work on all the non violent rapists too - which is a huge majority of reported rape. (Most people - young boys and girls especially, don't fight back with fists against rapists. Especially kids. )
"Sovereignty?"  Really?  You're going to go with that?
I'm kind of a word junkie, and even I was a bit ? on the choice . . . 
Do you not think of yourself as an individual? Do you not command your own actions? I guess it isn't the best word, how about you propose a better one instead of whining? 
"Considering yourself and individual" is not the definition of sovereignty.  .Exercising supreme power, being a monarch, or being an independent government is the definition.  .Safety, security, defence, inviolability, health, well-being, comfort, welfare.... Any of these would work.    .Everyone gets a word wrong.  But when you reach for a word like "sovereignty" it comes off as pretentious.  
Does it? .That's what people associate with being pretentious. 
Re-read the definition, they are not even close.   .Pedantry is picking apart minute details.  When you use the wrong word completely just admit it and move on.
Which is perfectly valid the way he used it, it's just not very common.

No, actually, you're the one coming off as pretentious by nitpicking someone's wording.
That would be great if it was nitpicking.  However it is completely the wrong word.  Completely.  Not even close.  .Or do you like it when I do it too:   .Irregartless that's what I inferred to you and you loosing the point, I literally exploded hearing it.  Them two words aren't even anonymous with one another.
I'm going to do what you're doing. The word you are looking for is regardless, not irregartless, and you shouldn't have started a new paragraph as it's still the same subject. Do you see how much of a cunt I sound like now? The majority do not give a single shit. Enjoy yourself and try not to criticize others, it's not a very good quality.
Sarcasm. It's what you missed..Also this whole exchange is bad
I didn't miss the sarcasm. He tried to prove a point, I corrected his sarcasm. Hopefully it humoured him and made him see how petty this whole conversation is. 
Whoosh
So?  Did you fail to understand the point of the original comment?  I doubt it.  I certainly understood. .Nope, you're just another pseudo-intellectual redditor who thinks he's smart and who would rather argue about semantics than actually discussing the issue.  YOU are the pretentious one.
Right...  .And if I say you're a "suito interlictual", you know what I mean but you'll probably correct me, won't you?  .It's ok to correct someone.  He'll live.  He doesn't need all the white knights like you.
You're a word junkie that used a question mark instead of a word...
A word junkie does not equal a grammar nazi. I appreciate the evolution of language to include symbols, Lolz and yes - even can haz cheezeburger. 
BIG WORDS MAKE MAH HEAD HURT
Completely inaccurate words make my head hurt.
It's not inaccurate at all.
 2b:  freedom from external control 
Please re-read.  The definition states:  .This is the wrong word.  Using big words to sound smart isn't a good idea when you don't know what they mean.
No.... just.. no. You combined two . definitions of sovereignty into a bastardized sentence that doesn't even make sense..These ^ are different definitions. Sovereignty can be used as a synonym for autonomy and/or independence, as shown in the original comment you criticized.
I see you've never looked it up.  .The word means (a) exercising supreme power, (b) being a monarch, or (c) being an independent government.   .It is completely the wrong word and reaching for it comes off as pretentiously choosing a fancy word.  Its like saying "Prithee, let thy onions to strike upon mine burger" only using  the wrong words and without any comedy...
Oh christ I didn't think we would get so prescriptive in ...Most people would understand what he meant. Isn't that the whole aim of using words? Conveying a meaning? He was on the topic of the right to not be ruled over by another individual I.e. the rapist. Although he's swayed from the very political definition you still ultimately understand him. .One definition of sovereignty is independance and self-government. It's quite a beautiful expression if you look into it with an 'open mind' as you put it. Words can evolve and be used to express. Political lexis doesn't have to solely be used in politics..Edit: You've been slating people for coming off as pretentious yet after browsing through your comment history I choked back laughter. Go read it yourself. Just about every reply is you arguing with someone. How are you feeling today, chap?
Look it's just the wrong word...  Someone tried to use a fancy word incorrectly I pointed it out.  Move on.  .To put it another way:  Sovereign isn't . with individual safety.  .Bugs you, doesn't it?
Heh that was a good one. It doesn't bug me though. Confusing synonymous and anonymous are common mistakes people like to make fun of. Using the word sovereign to refer to yourself is just showing how amazing the English language is in its ability to allow us to express ourselves in an articulate manner..He used a 'fancy word' as you put it (quite terribly put might I add) in order to add weight to his post. He actually had something productive and thought-provoking to say that he wanted to share with readers and so he did he best to articulate that thought, unlike yourself.

My mother taught me to do this when I was a child. If a guy ever grabbed me or tried to force me into a car, I was supposed to just piss myself. 
What do I do if I have a shy bladder? 
And if you can, shit yourself too. That really defers them. Apparently. I will do this if my life depends on it .
I like to go for #2. It takes more effort and concentration during a high stress situation. But, most people don't like to rape someone covered in shit. 
Apparently, the best way to avoid abduction/rape is to suffer from Crohn's disease.
There are piss fetishists out there that it would not work on...
Thats when you shit yourself.

Because everyone can always pee at anytime.
I always take so long to pee in a cup when I go for a check up :'(
Tell them to give you a dirty magazine
Imagine the extra pressure in this situation!
maybe you could ask your doctor to threaten you with a large knife next time?
Practice makes perfect!
Another good defense while getting mugged is to just violently start masturbating while muttering to yourself. Works everytime.
I beat myself up like 
This trick is supposed to be used as a defensive maneuver?  Dammit.
Unless you're on camera, like this guy.
that just makes it better
Runkle? 
I do the same thing whenever someone tries to sell me something when I'm walking in the mall. Works every time
FEAR BONER!
FEARECTION
IM FEAROUSED
Yeah, that's what I do whenever someone tries to approach me. I don't have many friends, but at least I haven't been mugged yet!
Threw - past tense of throw.Through - directional, as in drive through the tunnel
Thru - the disgusting McDonald's version of English that is actually getting picked up by dictionaries now :(
Homophone substitution.  It's like a brain typo..The person obviously knows the difference, so it's really not necessary to point it out.
A friend of mine used to call it a thinko, versus a typo. Works for me.
Only only reddit would someone tell a harrowing tale of sexual assault and the top comment be another a redditor correcting their grammar. 
correcting*
Gold
See what happens when I reddit without caffeine. Anyone have tips on kicking caffeine without being a zombie? Seriously, I try every summer and end up feeling like I lost...errr..... away 2 weeks.
Honest answer here. If you frequently drink coffee in the mornings, instead try eating an apple. It actually wakes you up better than caffeine.
I'll give it a try. Thanks.
I had to stop caffeine two years ago because the dependency gave me migraines if I didn't drink it.  I have been a zombie for two years.  Sorry, I have no tips for making it easier other than "if you're excited about life, you won't need caffeine."  In other words, we're on Reddit and have nothing to be excited about..The good news is that if I ever drink it again, the smallest amount is going to make me go bloody crazy.  Source: was off it for six months once and drank coffee, went crazy.  
I get what you're saying there, but I'm pretty sure that's not a migraine you were experiencing.  Caffeine withdrawal can cause severe headaches, but a migraine is more than just a plain old headache.  
If it's bad enough you consider drilling a hole in your head to let the pain out, it's a migraine. 
I get migraines regularly anyway, and both are the same.  They've been diagnosed properly, don't worry.  I hate seeing Advil commercials because they whine about having a headache for more than a half hour.  I wish I only got plain old headaches :/
It takes about 48 hours before the withdrawals end. You probably want to do it on the weekend when you have no work. After those 2 days you'll have more energy than you did on caffeine. It's 2 days of hell and then smooth sailing.
I was off coffee for several years. Spent the entire time feeling like I hadn't had  my first coffee of the day - bleary, tired, a bit stupid. That feeling never went away. .And as a special bonus I was out of commission for 48 hours because of withdrawals. I had to crawl to the telephone and call in sick to work from a fetal position on the floor. Blistering headache, nausea, shakes, and the room was spinning so hard I felt like I needed to hang on. I was shocked how hard that hit me. Definitely worse than childbirth on the scale of horribleness. 
edit because hard.
As a teacher, I have days to kill. Well, not really, I have a lot to do, but not a hard time set to wake up or whatever. But I seriously drag, even after 2 days. I'm going to give it another go though, on your advice.
For real?
It did for me.
It lasted like a week for me.
2 weeks of a nonstop killer headache for me, no joke. Went to sleep with it, woke up with it-same intensity.
Yeah, mine was pretty bad too. I stopped drinking caffeine and eating many other things because of migraine triggers and definitely started to wonder if it was worth it that first week.
I eventually went back on caffeine bc it turns out my biggest migraine trigger was my ex. Now that I'm single I get maybe one migraine a year. 

threw, thru, through, throughahahghghghg
Just replace it with cocaine. 


No matter how many times I see this image, it always makes me laugh!

Thanks for that! Unfortunately the other ones don't do it as much for me, I think it's the way the first one appears to be plotting something malicious. 
This exact same thing happened to me a couple of days ago, i was so embarrassed i dropped my knife and ran away.
Ah, the old reddit kangaroo.
AHA! THE OL' REDDIT FLIMFLAZZLE!
I wonder how many summer redditors don't get this reference. It comes up a lot.
FTFY
No link to endless pit?
Technically not endless. Just really long
i guess i've to jump in to confirm the technicality myself. wish me luck! so long and...
FINALLY SOME PEACE

Wish granted. ..
Oh god! Only 3 deep and I had to come running back out. Don't go in there guys, it gets ugly real quick. 
How did you know where the last one was??
The wormhole has its signs.
How does one find the previous reddit switcheroo comment?
Do you . want to know?

Yes, I'm sure.
I'm still not sure whether Reddit hates or loves these endless pits. Sometimes I see them upvoted and sometimes they're downvoted. I always thought it was fun. Especially when those 'make your own adventure' accounts or the account that made a diary on each link were around.
They're not endless.
It takes about six hours but if you're determined, you can reach the end
I tried one a week ago and got stuck only 3 hours in; the post was a video link from a year ago. I wonder if any of the newest links actually go all the way back.
I did it about three weeks ago and made it to the original, so it's still possible. Sometimes people don't do it right and you get stuck in a loop though
How do loops even happen though? If you link to a switcharoo which has happened in the past you're doing it right and you won't get stuck in a loop. .So they have to comment first without a link, then find a future switcharoo comment being posted later than that comment and edit in a link. And the future switcharoo has to also link back to that comment - before it even has a link. And if you add more posts between them it gets even more unlikely. Or am I missing something?
I was just about to ask if anyone had ever gotten to the end of one.
I like them, they always bring me to other subreddits I didn't know existed. It's like a tour of reddit. I click on them once a month or so, otherwise they do get repetitive. 
Speaking of which, this reminds me of a specific novelty account that was like, "Countsdownfrom99" or something..All he did was count down, like an ominous clock. The few times I saw him, people were really freaking out and waiting to see what happened when he finished. Does anyone know what happened to him?
Challenge accepted..Edit: Scared for life. Its only been a couple minutes..Don't even click .Edit 2: My journey has ., I did not count the pages. But I felt like this was an immense accomplishment. My last stop was ...Oh god it was hiding from me.
I reach the end in one of the early ones, the end was a kangaroo or something.
Sorry to break it to you, but that wasn't the end :/
It's a repost. Reddit loves reposts because there's always someone new enjoying it for the first time. Reddit hates reposts because they already saw it and they want to see somthing new. The great thing about THIS particular repost is that it isn't really OWNED by anybody, it exists only on Reddit so it can't be stolen, and everyone can repost and feel like they're contributing instead of taking from someone else.
I thought he got stabbed in the groin.
I thought he was holding a water bottle at first.
I thought he got his dick sliced, I was questioning it's place in r/Funny.. then i realized
that . isn't funny?
Exactly
I was so glad when I realised this. I was thinking "Why the hell are you giving him cash, you're about to bloody die in about 20 seconds"
Urine trouble, mister!
"Oh shit that mugger punctured a leak in that guy"
It took until the second playthrough before I realized this wasn't the case.
I thought like: "holy shit he will bleed to death from his balls".on another note... he must have been holding up 1 liter of piss.
I was trying to figure out why someone bleeding profusely was so funny. Pissing profusely is funny.
Oh my gosh it is so much funnier after figuring out it wasn't blood
Ball to the groin: funny. Knife to the groin: not funny. 
That is a line we must not cross.
Even reading that sentence will make the most overly macho man cross his legs...
I mean, that robbery has spirit. But football to the groin has a football to the groin. 
A more clever man than I would take "don't cry for me, I'm already dead" and make it about urine and robbery.
Simpsons?
yes.edit: I wish I could find the video of it, but I can only find the initial showing of football to the groin. 
There is a skull hiding inside my face...
New tradition
I made that deal.  As punishment, I have a skeleton inside me and will for the rest of my life.
With this idea implanted in my head, may God have mercy on my future children.
I actually wouldn't mind at all.
That's ... Terrifying

Turn back now, there are no good comments in this thread. 
Im no Sherlock but im pretty sure she's there to get an STD test...or two.
At least they are multicolored, no one can say she is racist. 
Hidden meaning in the V missing from Roy G Biv
What a dick move 
Who gave less fucks?.A) Truck.B) Cat.C) Toddler
D) Me
My dog would do this. She gives so few fucks, I can't even get her out of my seat under threat of being crushed by my ass. She is a ten pound dog, and would let my 160 pounds crush her if I followed through. 
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
I...I don't get it..
I enjoyed the hell out of that.
Funniest thing I've seen on reddit this week. Thank you so much allgarden
One of the best one-frame comics I've read in a long TIME.
ummm i drew this like 8 years ago and put it on my myspace when that was cool... i have heaps.
Clever
This is as old as the Internet. 
I don't always laugh out loud at posts on r/funny...
That pretty god damn funny if I do say so myself
hi!.i know this has been posted many times on here, however i am the original author and have many more like it. i havnt really used reddit before, is there a way i should go about posting my series? just wondering!
I reread about five times, I just don't understand..
I logged in just to post this comment.
Can someone please explain it to me. 
Please!
Why did op put time in quotes. Is he suggesting that this has shaken his confidence in the concept of time?
It's older than time

i'm fucking dying. oh god. this is great.
This is reposted once every couple of weeks.  .You can take a turn next week if you like.
i have started a twitter account for all my original drawings. @captainpictures
Technically long is a statement of time...he wouldnt get that part either
His dick is long but that has nothing to do with time.
Sexy time
Your joke was bad and you should feel bad
THE JOKE WAS GREAT HE SHOULD FEEL GREAT
i second this, help us dolts out
Older than what?
Wait if there was no time, then how can you use the word "older"...i win this time.
you win this what?
Damn! I foiled my own plan...until next time
Next what?
I had to reread it to get it. I chuckled. 
@captainpictures - twitter
This sure is funny! I'm glad I saw this post on ., it really brightened up my day! Ha ha!
Not really necessary to be a dick, dick.
Those eyes _
Are you sure that's not his twin brother, Seth?
Holy fuck...
?
If only we all grew up under the tutelage of Randy Tutelage
What was he like?  
I was pretty young, but I remember his humor to be very dry and sarcastic.  He used to always stick up for me, whenever my older brother would pick on me :)
That was nice of him.
He's meditating.
Did it hurt when he sat on you? 
Is that Zach Galifinakisitter?!
Yep lol
It looks like ..
Do you keep in touch with him?
As a lady who loves her some Anderson Cooper, I support this.
that must've been some dream you had, unless you weren't sleeping when you came up with this. then it was probably the alcohol. 
brilliant!
nothing good happens after 2 am.
Dude a.m or morning, you don't need both.  One of my biggest pet peeves here.
Did you also put your key in the door only to discover bodies laying all over the floor? 
redundant title, but funny post
fake and gay kill yourself please
I just pictured OP straightening up out of bed, like he had just woken up from an exorcism. Grabbing a pen and paper, scribbling like a madman. Then looking up, directly into the camera whispering, ".".
It's a shame he will die of turtle-aids

Hey man. I like you.
i starred at that for about a minute. the it hit me like a wave and I burst out laughing. i guess it needed to sink in
You're lucky this rules, otherwise, I would have down voted for "3am in the morning".Bravo 
There are other tools besides the magic wand.   Also, it has settings. 
I see what you did there...
Doesn't work for me.  Koopa wants to fuck the princess, not be the princess.  Yes, that's a gay joke.  Lighten up.
I have to tagged as "MY NIGGA DOBBY" and i don't remember why.
You can click on the tag and it takes you to the post it was originally created in.
3 am in the morning. .Am In the morning. .WHAT THE FUCK IS WRING WITH YOU AM MEANS MORNING!!!!
Oooowww my OCD...
You don't have OCD. Stop using a disease for something stupid.
If you're going to get and epiphany, your going to get it at 3 a.m. That just goes to shows you how much the universe likes us.
Yes, actually, I do have OCD. Diagnosed by my psychiatrist, asshole. You don't know anything about me, so stop pretending you do. 
Cool, you're telling me something in the Internet, and you're expecting me to believe it.
You'd be a dickhead not to. 
lol
Exactly what reason do you have to believe I do not have OCD?
When people say they have OCD on the Internet, they say it because of something stupid that does not mean what OCD is about. For example, your reason is because of OPs title saying 'am' instead of 'AM'
I have OCD, and one of the things that really irritates it is bad grammar. And it's not the spelling of AM, it's the fact that he/she said AM in the morning. It's redundant, like saying ATM machine.   
My god, this is glorious.
omg yes
[8]
Lol he's a fag
Must have been some stellar weed 
Its always crazy time some where in the world
This is beautiful
Is summer break over yet?
Omg I am laughing way tooooooo hard right now. Hahahaha 
As someone from Boston, I don't get it.
Who needs sleep when you have the internet? 
Yep, that's a 3am thought.
I laughed.  Not hard, but actually out loud very briefly.  So at least one person got joy out of it :)
Totally worth getting up to make this XD
I don't get it
stupid title. .you totally could have found a better shot of cooper.what did you edit this in? MSpaint?.but i lol'd, have an upvote
Brings a whole new meaning to "Super" Mario.
How so?
Thuuuper Mario! 

Why would someone downvote your excellent video definition? Probably just jealous...
At 3am I was wondering if we could breed narwhals with horses to create unicorns...The answer (after some investigation), ... we cannot.
i have a strong feeling this idea came from an accent
Please tell me you're from boston
Anderkoops?
Muahahah. You told me this at work. Now I know your reddit name!!! Hopefully you made a throw away :)
"Anderson Koopah?"

Literally how I read it!
 
That sounds like Anderson cooper in a Boston accent. 
Mrs. Gloria Vanderbilt has really het himself go.
You must be lonely.
id rather sleep than get karma
[deleted]
Ah Facebook memes 
It truly is the Devil's hour
real lol
lol Anderson has a turtle-neck.
where's judgewhoallowsthings when you need her?
Not the English fast bowler?
Posts like this on the front page make me feel like I'm not such a bad person when I get down voted by the same people who think this is comedic genius.
I read this in Arnold Schwarzenegger's voice
I wasn't going to upvote this, i didn't think it was that funny. Then my wife saw it and began cracking up and commandeered my keyboard to upvote you. .she's still laughing.
That's brilliant!  You have a beautiful mind!
Personally, I get more epiphanies at 3 am in the afternoon.
Is it wrong that I read that in Arnold Schwarzenegger's voice?
Seriously thought this was .. Wow.
GET TO ZE KOOPA
What a trooper.
Reminds me of something . would do.
This is when I unsubbed from 
Sheldon Koopa? 
So, this who south Boston gay men have been pining over.
Oh. My. God. How have we not thought of this before?!
This is going to be reposted SO MANY TIMES!!
Thank god this epiphany wasn't at 3 am in the evening, or this wouldn't have been nearly as successful.
Shall I present Sheldon Koopa?
Can I use this? Creative commons or something? Anderson Koopa must take over the internet!
As a Bostonian I find nothing out of the ordinary about this.
Am I the only one who read the title in Barry Kripke's voice from Big Bang Theory? Mass giggles.
Hey, Kwoopah!

thats how berry kripke from the big bang theory would read it
It should read Andason Koopa 
Only slightly relevant but I have a question. Is it Bowser or King Coopa or both? Additionally, is it Dr Eggman or Dr Robotnic or both? Someone explain that shit to me!
Bowser is the king of the koopas. So yeah, King Koopa = Bowser. Eggman is a nickname for Dr. Robotnik, though in later games he's been going exclusively by Eggman for whatever reason.
Thanks.
It's not a Koopa....it's not.
What was your [] at the time?
It's been done before. 
It's not funny
that's how Arnold Shwarzenegger would say his name
All my epiphanies happen at nine in the afternoon.
Now someone do DB Koopa
Must be from Boston
A true master of photoshop.

.

Haaaaaaaaaa
Now waiting for a "At 3am, I had an epiphany. I present to you, Sheldon Koopa."
Anyone else hearing a broke-ass version of ., or is that just me?

What's up with his eyes?
It almost looks like they have banana peels in them.
And here is the person I imagine saying his name. 

3am in the morning.3am at night.3am in the afternoon.Makes me feel alright
3 am in times of peace.3 am in times of war.3 am before I 3 am.And then I 3 am two more
  I made this about a month ago.  I call it Loofah Rigno.
I think Alice Kupa would've been better.
I feel like this is exactly how they pronounce his name in Boston.
Best comment in this thread
Good ideas do happen after 2 a.m.
i stopped watching anderson cooper after he said he was gay i dont want my family exposed to someone as immoral as him
Not sure why your getting downvoted. I've seen pictures of those LGBT parades and functions. Those people are sick fucks.
you sir are a true justice warrior. literally edward snowden
Right back at you sir.
Koopas are whats wrong with this country.
Shittiest "epiphany" ever. 
Go back to sleeping.
This might actually be the post that makes me unsubscribe from r/funny...
I've noticed that "I present to you" is almost always followed by something that is a waste of everybody's time.
I'm not even kidding. This post should earn the op at least a 1 year ban from posting.
Honestly, if this counts as an epiphany, I can't imagine what the stupid shit he thinks about is like. 
I'm not even kidding, ideas like that should get you smacked in the face unless you're willing to pay for my internet.
ooo awkward.. 
This one is better.
This one looks way better.
Back when reddit had sense. 

Last week, I thought I had come up with my million dollar idea... sunscreen with bug repellent in it. So you don't have to decide, "do I put the sunscreen on first, or the bug spray?" AND you would know when to reapply so you don't get burnt, because the bugs would start attacking you when it started to wear off. It was GENIUS!.Then I found out that someone else had . million dollar idea years before me and is already to market with it..Long story, short... I completely understand how two people can come up with the same idea.
I once came up with a really good idea for a movie and started to flesh out the details, and then I realized I had just written Star Wars.  I spent a whole afternoon on it, and then I felt stupid.
I knew a guy who somehow a. wrote the intro to Stairway to Heaven by accident because b. he had somehow never heard it. Boy was he mad.
lol @ . getting downvoted in that thread for his truthful words.
I'm beyond shocked. I'm inconsolable... how could this happen
OP's a faggot? Shall I grab the torches and pitchforks? 
Let's not jump to conclusions. That's a completely different Anderson Koopa. I'm sure they're coincidentally concurrent discoveries, like Liebniz and Newton's discovery of calculus. I prefer this one though, 'cause of the jazz hands.
Jazz hands!
You idiots up vote the dumbest shit to the front page.
you're no fun.
sorry - I thought this was 
And then they upvote gems like this.
That's true. How is this better than my "Kurt CoBane" that was scoffed at? 

Stiiimpy you IDIOT!
People who use . must be having one of those days
This post is some of the dumbest shit I have here seen. 
It produced a chuckle.  Kinda like those pictures of Reese Witherspoon and Reese Withoutherspoon.
You eeediots : 
/r/im14andthisisashittyfuckingpieceofshitmadeinpaint
nigga u high

I thought that was kinda obvious from looking at the picture.
Put my keys in the door
no just tired becase not lot slep.i sholud sleep as well
What?
Well that pretty much sums it up!
not lot slep = bad brian
Stroke?
Who's brian and what has he done?
As opposed to 3am in the evening?
Give him a break. It was 3am in the morning, after all.
Thank you

Came here to say this. Have an upvote.
I think of it like this: 3am in the morning means that you originally went to bed, then woke up with it being 3am the next day..3am in the evening means that you have yet to meet sleep, and have been up until the late evening.
Yeah, 3 AM at night is for drunken gorging at taco bell, 3 AM in the morning is when you get up for that early flight you'll regreat booking the entire day.
AWW SO TERRIBLE HE ADDED "IN THE MORNING", BURN OP AT THE STAKE I SAY, BURN EM!!!!!!!!!!!
Must be Australian, I hear people say that ALL THE TIME over here.
This is why I am here.
It was an awful epiphany as well. 
Redundundant
At 3am in the afternoon, a totally different epiphany occurs. 
Somehow I knew this would be the top comment..Tip to making the front page: Put a redundabcy in your title.
Warning, beware of Redundancy !
Department of redundancy department checking in. 
Warning, beware of Redundancy  !
Recurrence.Recurrence
her*
LIES, everyone knows there are no women on reddit /s
3am in the evening is Australian time, Duh.
This really grinds my gears and pisses me off. If you say AM there's no point in saying in the morning because AM implies morning and morning implies AM. It's just like repeating yourself, like saying the same thing twice and I really don't understand why people do it, I just don't get why people say that.
Ok, I'm sorry but I have to:.1) AM implies morning / morning implies AM?
2) It's just repeating yourself / like saying the same thing twice?
3) I really don't understand why people do it / I jist don't get why people say that?.If you are going to criticize someone for being redundant, you may want to avoid being redundant. Also, I don't get why people use commas to separate sentences. See example 3. 
You clearly didn't understand the blatant sarcasm in my comment.

True, true.
Nah, 3 AM in the afternoon
9 in the afternoon?
And your eyes are the size of the mooooooon.
I too had a 3AM epiphany once... too bad that I suck at using image editing software: 
This is most excellent. Too bad it's not on the front page like koopa. I actually think yours is a funnier play on words/names. 
i think your image editing skills enhanced the humor of this picture.
It's earned my Seal of Approval
I thought it was a 
This is actually really good advice
I came here just to make sure someone pointed that out. Well done.
Pretty sure OP is referring to the 3am that falls on Thursday, tomorrow.
Same.  My faith in humanity is restored.
From the Department of Redundancy Department
I have a terrible short term memory and a terrible short term memory
OP's title came from the Department of Redundancy Department

...that's my joke too
Just make sure that you grab some money from the ATM machine before you purchase this fine image.
At the ATM machine where you enter your PIN number?
And don't say the ATMOS System!  That's a tautology. 'Cause it stands for Atmospheric Emission System. So you can't say "Atmospheric Emission System System." Do you see, Mr. Conditional Clause?
The Bureau of DOR Department Agency.
[deleted]
Section Two.
Division of redundant redundancy division.
FedEx Express
atm machine.
RIP in peace
As soon as you can ASAP.
Enter in your PIN number into the LCD display.
penis
female impala = ewe
Indeed, I would've started you off at 25mg, but whatever.
TIL, walking between walls to find shortcuts only work in video games.
Instructions were not clear
...dick stuck in wall
 assumed she was a ghost. :)
You sir made me laugh. You sir earn an upvote.
to be fair one of the black cats is being molested by that boy
That last cat has seen some shit.
You totally read my mind..

This made me laugh. I love it, pure gold..I'm going to head over to your profile and mass upvote
Crazy enough to work. 
Step 5. Hold cats for ransom
I like the way you think
why not just take the cats when you are taking the pictures of them?
Who would know? 
Did you ever try to catch a strange cat. Or any cat for that matter. Why not let others do the job for a small reward.
That is very kind of you :) thanks
I know from experience, this method doesn't work. 
Your a cat kidnapper? You should do a AMA
Question 1. Wtf man. where is my cat? dude. this is not cool.
Reposting seems easier.
At least you know what she looks like in her ad instead of the curious bathroom stall writings at truck stops
Haven't seen this one in a while.
Cherry chasing dot muncher!
This is why Namco changed the name of Puck Man to Pac Man. Yes, I know Ms. Pac Man is owned by Midway or who ever makes Mortal Kombat. games.
Ms., not Mrs..
Don't get me wrong guys, I love Mrs. Pacman. She's cute, she's fun, she swallows...
"Ms Pacman, back alley edition!" - 
I'm not proud of the creepy laugh I just had

r/rule34
This is the first thing i've seen in months on . to make me laugh. Thank you.
I used to play Pacman, but then I took a Zimmerman to the knee!
I remember there being one of these at Little Steve's in Boston some years ago. Sign and all..But if there wasn't just remember I was drunk most of the times I went there.
Oh Mrs. Pacman, I would sex you up. Sex you up!
Whore. 
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
I don't get it, how do you put your balls in the machine?
You gobble balls.
What did it sound like?

what is a zimmerman what i dont get it guys what
pls respond
Your username
what of it, treetrunk
30
Is what his laugh sounded like

Congrats on the least funny novelty account on reddit. 
11 months ago. THE HORROR! 
A repost is a repost, I don't really mind if the repost comes from a different sub reddit but this has been posted in . twice already.
I guess people that joined 10 months ago don't get to see it.
That is rough... but fair. Reddit isn't a community based on inclusiveness nor do we take kindly to new members..We should update the reddiquette to reflect this new hard-line approach..This is completely outdated. 11 months or not... "A repost is a repost." Fuck'em. I mean.. what? Is this sub suppose to be funny?
You know what, I think you're right. I'll only point it out if they are stealing it and claiming it as their on in an effort to get karma. But if they are just sharing a funny image that new members may not have seen I won't give them any crap. Thanks for enlightening me on this subject.
St. Pete?
Kids, this is the danger of power-pills. Just say no.
That's Ms Pacman to you, buddy.
I'm not your buddy, friend!
Aaaand so will her husband...
Not that there's anything wrong with that.
The fruit is a metaphor.
TIL my ex-wife is Ms. Pacman.
Zing!


Hope she's your ex wife cuz she died, and not cuz she gobbled someone else's balls.
Sometimes you just run out of quarters.
I hope it's not because she died. Because I would like to meet her. I've got a quarter. 
I'd like a piece of her cherry
Maybe thats why she died?
This was from the great Canadian riot of '94
ctrl-f "hipster".7 matches.
My name is John, and I hate every single one of you. All of you are fat, retarded, no-lifes who spend every second of their day looking at stupid ass pictures. You are everything bad in the world. Honestly, have any of you ever gotten any pussy? I mean, I guess its fun making fun of people because of your own insecurities, but you all take to a whole new level. This is even worse than jerking off to pictures on facebook. Dont be a stranger. Just hit me with your best shot. Im pretty much perfect. I was captain of the football team, and starter on my basketball team. What sports do you play, other than jack off to naked drawn Japanese people? I also get straight As, and have a banging hot girlfriend (She just blew me; Shit was SO cash). You are all faggots who should just kill yourselves. Thanks for listening. Pic Related: Its me and my bitch
Bookmark
Reminds me of this 
I read it in an Irish Accent, which made it even more funny xD
Stahp hipster posts. We really don't need any more apathy in this country right now.
 
I was hoping this would come up.
Reminds me of John Campbell's work.
Hipsters.
damn hipsters
Reminds me of hipsters
damn Canadians.
Sums up about 90% of Facebook Posts.
protesting in a nutshell.  couldn't have said it better myself.  
Damn Canadian protesters! 
"Mitch Hedberg quote, comment about how hip the photo subject is" 
Fuck this. When did it become un-cool to protest? I'm as subject to it as anybody else. When did . or . tun into something that people were made fun of for doing? Think about the amount of mockery the people who participated in the "Occupy Wallstreet" movement, they were laughed at. Protesting in America in general is seen as something tainted and stigmatized. When was the last time you walked by somebody protesting and thought "You know what they're right"? Nope I'd be willing to be you looked at them and wondered what was wrong with them that would cause them to publicly voice their own opinion and looked down upon the protester. The media has won, the nail that sticks out gets nailed down by society and it sucks.
definitely canadians
"I'm against picketing but I don't know how to show it."
- Mitch Hedberg
Haters gonna hate
Apathy at its finest.
"Oh, the 90's." -Every Redditor
Typical hired generic protesters, show up everywhere.
...careful now
Canadian protesters! 
It's really been too long since someone addressed it.
Canadian riots, I see.
A typical protest in Canada. 
That guy looks like a girl.  Lol is he gay.Have gayyyyy meme
This....is funny??
(   ) I'll fight you  (   )

Being lobotomized is cool, be like us. 
Well this nicely summarizes some of the annoying people on my Facebook.
This qualifies as an unruly mob. Let's call in the riot police, swat, and oh hell why not..the national guard.  Stand down riotous heathen or prepare to get face-mace'd!
careful now
Bad things. Do not want them. Ya dig?
Careful now
VOTE UP IF YOU ARE OPPOSED TO BAD THINGS!!
Goddamn hippies being so vague. 
Hipsters and no specific demand or issue. Its an occupy protest. 
The original 99%
Too much hipster for one post...
Should add a sign that says "Being pissed off about politics makes me an informed person"
Reminds me of Reddit on the NSA issue
No, reddit on the NSA issue stayed home in front of the screen, not even made it to the streets...
Finally a protest I completely agree with and in my mind is not really debatable!

Does it seem like denton tx shows up on the front page at least once a week? 
Denton Town Square?
WOAH way to go Denton, TX! And Felicia!
This is so Portlandia
This is my photo! I staged this Vague Protest.
This is my good friend Wesley Kirk's photo. You can check more from his Vague Protest series .. 
About as organized as an Occupy Wall Street protest
I'm about 85% certain that this was taken on the square in Denton, Texas. 
Careful, now.
You mentioned the song "Careful Now" by: Copeland. Learn more about Copeland here:  . | . | 
I hope its TBA. 
this is the most generic protest i have ever seen
I was generic before it was something to protest about.
These kids are such bandwagon lamers.
It reminds me of those people that are everywhere (at least in Arizona/the US) with . that say "Shame on (.)" It's always just 3 people and it's very obvious at this point that they are just paid to hold the sign and make the company they stand in front of, look bad, when there is no real "labor dispute" in question.
They were in front of a car dealership for a couple months a while back in Norman, Oklahoma. I had no idea this was a thing. This is a great quote from the article.
"The Center for Union Facts says generally across the country most of those bannering are paid a minimum wage and not given benefits, which is what the union is perceived to be fighting for."
Reminds me of Marge from tapped out who protests ''something''.
Bland ironic hipster humor... 
Is it ironic because they are attempting to make fun of people they perceive as douche bags, when in reality they are making themselves look like douche bags?
"What do we want?"."We don't know"."When do we want it?"."Now"
Damn Hipsters
That's actually what almost every 18-30 year old person wears these days. They have a good sense of humor and dress according to the zeitgeist. .Right now you're wishing you had a way to label these comedians, but haven't the vernacular. 
THANKS OBAMA!
HOLY FUCK I KNOW THAT GIRL!!! I remember this. No idea what it was about, but it happened. There were lots of strange protests going on around the UNT campus.
The largest, most violent riot in Canadian history.
You obviously didn't hear about the last hockey riot...
These guys should just merge with any on going protest
That was actually where the idea came from. My friend and I were joking about the Occupy Denton protests, how apathetic all the other students were, and that we should make signs for them to join with.
I know the girl standing in the middle. She's awesome. And is going to freak out once she finds out someone planted her on Reddit. 
Felicia is the best! When I shot this, I only had a few friends appropriately half-assing the protest. Then she showed up, started chanting and getting everyone pumped up. She totally became the leader.
Oh FUCK yes. That's the Felicia I know.
Looks like a typography contest.
Still better protesting than Pre-July 4 NSA scandal.
isn't this a father ted reference?
PCU immediately came to mind.

Protesting in the future.. We're mad as hell but have no idea why.
Hipster protest?
Hey, its the occupy "movement". I remember those guys!
Careful now. 
Rally to Restore Sanity
Never thought I'd see the day where I knew someone in a picture on Reddit. The blond girl, known her for 13 years.
Wildest Canadian riot in history
"You know what really makes me change my mind about issues? Protesters!" - said no politician ever.
Down with this sort of thing! Careful now...
Picture was taken in the 70s, i don't think it got sorted out but from what I have learned reintroducing the steagall-glass act may help things.
This picture was taken a couple years ago. I took it.

Jesus fucking christ, I understand your displeasure, but 
British protesters
Wow. And here I thought the Westboro Baptist Church was bad...
All that work getting her face smashed in and shes right back at mcdonalds. 
"If I don't survive, tell my wife hello."
That woman . reminds me of my ex-wife.
Whenever I went to students protest here in The Netherlands, I would carry a sign saying 'HET IS STOM' in Dutch, translating to 'IT IS STUPID'. :)
Must be Canadians
Hipster protest apathy.
Help the people the thing that happened happened to. 
Weren't these signs at "The Rally to restore sanity and/or fear"?
I made lots of signs for this photoshoot, and some of them that aren't in this photo were definitely inspired by the Rally to Restore Sanity.
I thought it was a band doing fun pictures.
Unemployed politicians.
I'm ambivalent towards this point of view. 
They're the poster children of ..

"I'm white and nothing is wrong"
I just love the dry British humor.
Dont you bring logic into this!
That hippy dude looks like a cutout, himself.

I hate this stuff!
because anything we could do to be more cynical would be really helpful
Ah the canadian protest.
SO HARDCORE
That guy that caused this whole mess is such a dick.
r/britishproblems needs this.
Maybe they're upset about their haircuts?
They're upset about their lack of hats. 
And/ or beanies.
hiptser
Portlandia?
Summer Reddit at its finest...
So basically these people are celebrating their apathy?  Wonderful...
Are these people protesting....protestors?
Holy shit... 
Oh man. It's like the real world self post...wait.
I believe they are protesting against TBA
Canada... 

Looks fake and contrived to me. Hipster redditors trying their best to get on the front page. Really, 4 signs that say nothing at some rally? 

The signs are word for word from a protest on the show Father Ted. Its a joke. 
"What do we want?"."Time travel!"."When do we want it?"."Whenever!"
it's missing the "I'm so angry I made a sign" guy.
Nope. I didn't forget him.
.. He's in there.
Is this in Finland?.Because that would explain EVERYTHING. 
British protesters.
Gyes, pls. 
"Zeds dead baby Zeds dead"
Is this from PCU? Is someone about to throw raw ground beef on the out of a second story window?
Life is too short to be bothered by this shit.
"Caring about stuff" = so uncool
Careful now
 
From a Private Eye cartoon a few years ago :."What do we Want?" - "Moderate Change!"."When do we want it?" - "In due course!"
That's close to what we were actually chanting.
"What do we want?" "Things to get better." When do we want it?" "Eventually."

I feel like the people in OP's pic are mocking those in yours. 
I wonder how many of them live on government assistance. 
Quite a bit fewer than in the picture posted by 
I for one am proud to stand for good things. Nice to see others fighting the cause
Issues that other people care a lot about = haha who cares about dumb shit?.Netflix raises it's subscription fee = THIS IS A GODDAMN TRAVESTY!
YOU HAD ONE JOB NETFLIX!
Netflix increased its fee? What?! 
To the posterboard and sticks!  
Does anyone else find this insulting?  As if it is marginalizing the people who actually take time out of their lives to go out and picket, demonstrate, and participate in civil disobedience?.Though, oddly, I do find the signs funny at the same time.
I agree..I guess I don't get it. Making fun of protestors?.Reddit is cheering this on? No wonder we can never organize a protest for change...
I don't think that they are really making fun of protesters. They are making fun of the protesters who don't really understand what they are doing. When I see something that I feel is not right, my first inclination is to do research to find out more about it and look for potential avenues to fix/change it. Sometimes those avenues involve making phone calls, writing letters, contacting people higher up on the totem pole, etc. I don't look around for my nearest source of cardboard, make a sign and then expect others to fix it for me.  There are definitely some problems that will only change if more people are made aware of them. For those issues, I think that the picket sign protester may be a good idea because it can help raise public awareness. To really be helpful though, more things must be done than just standing around holding a vague sign. That's the problem that I believe this photo is pointing out. With so much being done on the internet, I would really love to see some interactive protest signs. Instead of writing out some semi-catchy slogan, why not put a url to an activist website, or print a big QR code that links to an online petition?
Before the shoot, one of my friends was mad at me for that exact reason, which is why I put up . just before we started "protesting" for the photoshoot.
Interesting sign.  What other interpretation can be derived from this street performance?  I have a few in mind, I'm just wondering your thoughts.
My friend who came up with the "I care about issues & want you to notice" sign was mocking how pretentious some of the Occupy Denton protesters were. But I just thought it was a funny idea. It was tough explaining to people involved that there were no political intentions behind it.
I understand.  As an organizer, I have some wise words.  Now, I know you didn't ask for my advice, and so you have little incentive to heed my words, but I assure you that this advice is based on mistakes that I've made in the past..It's best not to criticize an organization that you are allied with publicly.  Groups fighting for social, political, and economic justice are already way out gunned by big business.  This is called "horizontal hostility", and it doesn't bring anything positive to the table.  If you have grievances, air them out in house..Having said that, it is very well possible you don't care about people fighting for social, economic, and political justice.  Regardless, I agree that there are swaths of lifestyle activists who do marches as a status symbol, so I do think the sign is funny.  I just think that it can be easily misconstrued as hostile.
Seriously. There are protest in other countries for far less, and we (the US) just found out the government is virtually watching everything we do and we can't don't lift a finger because protesting is viewed as unpopular and uncool. 
I don't think that is why you don't do it.  I think you don't do it because you are comfortable and you think you have better things to do..edit -- I say, "you", because I don't consider myself part of that, "we", you were just describing.
yeah, and like.. y'know, people who are marginalized or are actually affected by the way things are. no offense to cis white redditors, but if the most you have to complain about is internet surveillance or Kony or marriage, you've got it way, way good.
Real talk.  This isn't to diminish the severity of these issues, but to say that there is a clear disconnect between wealth and the poor in places like the United States.  Though, that disconnect will go away more and more as the upper middle class drop off into the lower class.
I think it's got a lot more to do with obvious discrimination being on the decline. we still live in a society where there . prejudice and oppression towards marginalized groups, but it's not as obvious as it was a few decades ago. oppression is still "literal blatant hate" in some people's minds, and they can't . it happen from their paradigm, so they can't be aware of it unless they personally relate to the issue. and thus you have a bunch of people on reddit saying and agreeing with really horrible shit and not even realizing how bigoted they are or how inadequate their experiences are in understanding things. and usually then their reaction is to get angry at people for pointing it out.
Yeah, but when you start playing the oppression olympics you can't win. I'm assuming you're non-white trans* person, and I can't even imagine the amount of oppression you face for being those things. That said, the very fact that you have access to the internet means that you're not starving in Africa or living in North Korea. So just because someone else has it worse than you doesn't mean you don't have real problems.
nah, personally I'm not oppressed at all, though I'm trans, I transitioned young enough that it's had very little impact on anything. .and yeah, I know, but I still wish people were more prone to empathizing... well, with people they don't empathize with, y'know? like, if I wasn't trans or wasn't friends with trans people or lots'a people of color, I likely wouldn't care much at all, shrug..though the comparrison that I'm not living in North Korea or some place with lots of civil strife isn't exactly analogous, as I'm more referring to things that people can have an influence on in their own lives. even if it is trivial, things like picketing, posting on facebook, signing petitions, writing your senator, raising awareness and showing support... y'know..shit like that doesn't really exist for much beyond certain issues, none of which really cause the same amount of preventable and easily treatable suffering within our own nation. if everyone in the United States tomorrow decided that they'd make some small change to accommodate trans* people, or be more sensitive to racial issues, that'd be a . step forward and would help people. .I s'pose what I said did come across as a bit oppression olympics-y, but I feel like you get where I was comin' from, right?
Yeah, I understand you. I just don't like the whole "You think . have problems, let me tell you about . problems!!"
what if we just decided to solve all the problems, that seems like it'd solve a lot of problems. 
Well said.  Have an upvote.
No because I get the reference. 
Can you educated me on the reference?
An Irish television show called Father Ted. Ted is sent to protest a "sinful film" and these are the signs they bring. They weren't exactly enthused. 
Okay well without the context it appears offensive.  I have no way to be sure, but I doubt these kids know the reference.  Who would go out and do a street performance that requires some obscure context in order to not be offensive?  I've seen similar things posted on Reddit many times before over the years.  
No, I think it's funny. 
A number of years ago a bunch of students from the University of Washington decided to have a protest march. A local reporter pulled one of the students aside and asked what it was all about. The on camera interview was basically this:.Reporter: Why are you out here today?.Protester: We just want to make sure that people know that we have a voice and a message..Reporter: Ok, what is your message?.Protester: That we won't be ignored any more..Reporter: What you like people to to know?.Protester: We have a voice, and we have some serious concerns that need to be addressed..Reporter: What are your concerns?.Protester: That people should listen to us when we have something important to say..That went on for a while before the reporter finally decided that for all of his whining, the kid really didn't have anything specific to say. It was entertaining and sad at the same time.
Yeah, reporters seem to have a knack for picking out idiots instead of people who are well versed in what is happening.  I wonder why they never bother to interview organizers or speakers at marches?  It's like that Jay Leno bit.  There is no way that people are that stupid.  He must interview 100 people and then pick the 10 dumbest.
Oh man, this happened to me once. I just got out of class and was waiting for the bus to go home. I was really tired, having not slept well the night before and I just wanted to get home as soon as possible. Well, I had my head down and next thing I know this reporter is asking me questions about this new train route being put in near campus. I must've looked so confused and tired but she was asking me how I felt about it. I couldn't come up with anything except "I guess it's a good idea". Ugh, I must've sounded like an idiot, why would she come up to me when there were tons of other lively looking kids waiting for the bus?
That kind of happened to me. I was in high school, pretty stoned, with a bunch of my goony friends on our way to steal food from the market and this guy comes up out of nowhere with a camera and a boom and starts asking me about how I felt about people stealing the brass caps off of fire hydrants that protect the threads. My response "yeah stealing is bad I guess."
I know what you mean. On the one hand, it's kinda clever... maybe not wonderfully original, but in isolation it's not unfunny. But on the other side, the underlying attitude if you read into it a little is "lol, caring about stuff is dumb", and generally derisive to those who actually do make impassioned protests..Or to resolve the dissonance, could always just assume they're only making fun of people who . making impassioned protests, the ones who are just there to cultivate an image of themselves as an activist.
Well said.
Looking at it like that, the extremely neat, high-quality signs seem to indicate that they spent a lot of time and effort caring about something that they supposedly don't care about at all..But yeah, hopefully it's the latter part of your post and I'm just digging too deeply.
True, it's pretty hard to . to ironic/post-modern detachment. You end up trying really hard to show how much you're not trying, and caring deeply about how little you care..It's a wonder hipster-kids' heads don't explode more regularly.
Depending on the context it could be alluding to how complicated it can be to fight for something when the issues are so muddled with exaggerations, omissions, misinformation and outright lies..That's really what's at the heart of this NSA scandal. Not enough people know what's going on behind their closed doors and we feel angry because we never got to even have a discussion about it.
Could be, could be. .Makes me wonder if anyone has already had the idea of protest signs written in Newspeak, as a way to express "I'm pretty sure I'm angry about this, but you've hidden so much of the information about it, and distorted the language used to talk about it to such an extent that I don't even know how to express what I'm angry about any more"..Would be cool to see, but might only be effective on those who get the reference. To everyone else you just look like a dipshit holding a sign saying "Thoughtcrime is doubleplus good". Possibly even falling into the trap that Newspeak was written to be - you look like you're advocating crime.
Those four people look like the kind of human beings I want making decisions about how the world should work... 
I'd rather have them than someone who calls himself noodlescb on the internet any day of the week.
Because you'd prefer to be governed by these psychopaths?  
Ahaha!  You are getting downvoted for making a valid point.  Oh Reddit, you are a reflection of our civilization... and sometimes I hate what I see.
While those guys are assholes, they look like they can handle things more complex than a bong. Unless those hippies with the sign are secretly rhodes scholars.
How should the world work, noodlescb?
I don't know if the world will ever "work", but we can continue trying. I think humans are largely "grass is always greener" creatures. When we are sitting around the house, we want a job or something to give us purpose. When we are working, even if it is a job we like, we dream of copious amounts of free time at home or traveling. Most people seem (including me) like we wouldn't be happy if we could forget about money and only work on things that we are passionate about at our own pace. .I don't know how the world should work. I think people should work together to build a society that offers a safe and comfortable environment to live and grow. Most first world countries have that covered. They aren't perfect, but they allow the majority of the people to live fairly free as long as they aren't hurting each other too much..The people in that sign that want to "end government" really haven't thought about what they are saying. With no structure the strong take power by force and there are no rules or structure to stop them. Historically that has been a very violent way to live. Pretending that the freedoms we are missing aren't enough to a point that we should completely disassemble our government is ridiculous.
I was with you until the second paragraph.  First world countries DO NOT have that covered by a long shot.  The comforts that the first world enjoys come from the exportation of oppression, pollution, destruction, and exploitation.  The first world only exists because of this reality.  This a glaringly inherent flaw in our civilization..Having said that, it is my guess that the people who were holding that sign are more aware of this reality than you are.  It is possible to dismantle government and have humanity continue on, thriving.  People commonly, and incorrectly associate Anarchism with chaos.  They have nothing to do with each other.  The main tenet of Anarchy is to question power and to make sure that every form of power is legitimate.  If it is not, it should be dismantled.  Does that sound like chaos to you?.Also your premise that historically Anarchy has been a very violent way to live is not only false but absurd.  Anarchy is a relatively new idea compared to other political and economic philosophies and it has yet to be tested..Perhaps the freedoms YOU are missing aren't enough for YOU to disassemble the government, but I can assure you that it isn't a ridiculous idea to the people who suffer the exportation of its misery (whom vastly outnumber the amount of people who enjoy it's bounty).
Show me one successful implementation of that and we'll talk. Humans are too different to work together without structure..First world countries have it handled for their people. In the US, we enjoy relatively clean air, functional roads, functional healthcare systems, etc. etc. .Think about how many people manipulate our current system to get theirs. How would that even possibly function in a world without that structure? I think you overestimate modern humanity..What freedoms are that bad that are missing from the US? If you are saying that we have a nice place to be on the backs of other countries suffering, that's a whole different issue. .I would love it if you elaborate on how many missing freedoms we have and why they are worth dismantling the structure that holds our society together?
Touche.  Though, I'd like to see you try to find a successful implementation of a capitalist democracy..Perhaps you didn't fully read the words I typed.  Anarchism doesn't imply lack of structure.  Anarchism is fundamentally about eliminating power, not organization..As I've already said, first world countries enjoy these luxuries because they export all the bad stuff to other countries (slave labor, air pollution, water pollution, waste, land destruction, war, occupation)..Wat?  Rephrase or elaborate please.  I have no clue what any of this means..Equality..No it isn't.  I am saying that as a direct response to your comment here:.Let's take away all that exportation of misery off the board.  What about the severe economic inequality in the US?  A minuscule sliver of the population own most of the wealth.  Then there is a chunk that owns more than the remaining majority.  People can't afford to go to the doctor and they go bankrupt when they have any significant health complications.  Far too many people live paycheck to paycheck and can't afford basic things while working a full time job..All of these issues are relative..Anyway, I will answer your last question..Exhibit A.  Voting in the United States is now undoubtedly rigged.  This has been proven to be correct and congress has ignored taking any form of effective or significant action to remedy it.  Without free and valid elections, this is not a democracy..Exhibit B.  Citizens have unequal representation compared to business interests, even though we outnumber them on a scale of 1:100,000.  We continually see corrupt special interests taking important positions in all three branches of our government  We continually see politicians being influenced by massive lobbies..Exhibit C.  There is a serious problem with institutional racism, bigotry, and sexism.  If I have to argue this with you, then we have nothing further to discuss.  We would only be wasting each other's time..Exhibit D.  This country is at a stand still because of the impossible bureaucracy.  Our system no longer works and there is no way to repair it because we don't control it anymore.
Let me be super clear. I agree with you that our current system is broken as fuck. The reason that I centralized my discussion around countries themselves is because the original response was regarding people with a sign saying to dismantle the government. .Broken as fuck in these terms though doesn't mean it doesn't function. The exhibits you specifically outline have other countries that succeed at those exact problems where we fail, but fail far worse at many other things. There is no country currently that "has it right". There is no area of the world that operates without government and still has steady, happy people that are moderately safe..To clarify my statement that you asked about. What I'm saying is that all of the problems in your exhibits are results of people manipulating the system to grow or gain for themselves ("get theirs"). Voting is rigged because people believe that they know best to a point of manipulating the system to get their way. Citizens have unequal representation because businesses are built of people and stockholders only interested in making more money. Institutional racism, bigotry, and sexism does not have an immediate fix no matter what you do and in my lifetime along these problems have gotten wildly better across the board and will continue to improve. Impossible bureaucracy is very true but it only got that way because of so many people manipulating the system..The idea that we should all be equal conflicts with the desire to better ourselves. Most of us want to build the best life we can. Who gets to decide what is "good enough"? Who gets to decide when we've made enough money and the rest should go to helping others achieve the same? Why do some people get to bust their ass and put the rest of the output into helping others who did not earn it? .My point is that in order for the system you describe to work it would require people that think about others and have a moderately consistent set of values. Humanity even to this day is full of areas that have little or no structure and all of those areas are cesspools of chaos largely. There is always someone who feels like life owes them more and that they will take it..I'm not saying it's not possible, I just don't understand how we could get so many people that have so many different lives and experiences and motivators to work well together without some governing body to slap people on the wrist that refuse to be an equal part of the system. .I do appreciate the spirited discussion and your passion for the topic.

Don't be so judgemental, holyrofler! 
Thanks "weedways"... lol
But I like bad things!  This post is divisive!
We should all be tolerant of your propensity to enjoy bad things!
This isn't in Canada, is it?.Relevant: 
I'm convinced South Park is the least funny program on television. 
It would appear that whatever convinced you of that is incorrect.....or you just say random negative things for no apparent reason. One or the other, or both. 
Ay come on guy relax. Take a rest.
I'm not your guy, buddy!
I want a "I care about issues and want you to notice" bumper sticker. 
Maybe this :shrug:
I'll be damned.  This was shot on the square in my hometown.  Good ol' Denton, Texas.
''Damnit, Denton! Get the hell out of here!''
Citizens of Dentonia unite. 
Stand up to the anti-Dentites!
Yup, I went to college there. Live there for close to 10 years.
What's the deal with Denton, TX? I feel like I constantly hear about interesting things going on there or meet cool people from there.
I logged in to ask if it was taken on the square. Hah. Gotta love Den10.
I too came for the D.
What are you bringing up Detroit for?

oh wow, I understand now.
Oh, pardon me. I meant D for Denton (TX), not D for Detroit. I will be more careful with the D henceforth. 
Brilliant harmonies!
Good ol' Little D. Austin, TX's special little brother.
That's stupid
Sorry you feel that way.
Maybe Ben10 can visit Den10 and you guys can talk about stupid names
I think this is a pretty accurate depiction of what an actual protest in Denton would look like.
nah, there's usually way more cops. and the protesters would not be standing
I actually know the guy that coordinated this. We've had a few classes together at UNT and we're even in the same major. He just wanted to do this for shits and gigs, but it's made its way around the web a couple times now. Bummed that I missed out. 
I think I know the kid on the far right with the sunglasses. Does his name begin with L?
Yeah man! Thats Lionel!
Haha I was thinking of a Levi :P
Does his last name begin with R?
So this image isn't circa 1996? 
What about an M?
Muthafuckin'!
Actually I was going for Messi.
Same. I shoot with this guy often
Richie!
Disclaimer: That is not Lionel Richie.
You don't know that.
"I'm against picketing, but I don't know how to show it."  - Mitch Hedberg
"I was told there will be cake." -Me
[deleted]
Why?  Do you have something against boating enthusiasts?
"I was told there will be cake" -Me
The same mitch hedberg quote twice in a row?.What the hell, upvotes to both of you.
There's a glitch in the Matrix.
I see what you did there.
[deleted]
I was continuing the copy-cat thread you silly young man. 
I'm seeing it double.
what are the chances?


What are the chances?
Aaaaaaand it's ruined.
OOoh, do me now.
That's what she said. 
What the hell is going on?
Has anyone else been fucking waffles lately, or is it just me?

"I'm against picketing but I don't know how to show it." -Mitch Herberg
"I was told there will be cake." -Me
The same mitch hedberg quote twice in a row?.What the hell, upvotes to both of you.
No no this one is Mitch HeRberg...
Evidently this is actually a Mitch Herberg quote
I see what you did there. 
I'm seeing it double.
What are the chances?

What are the chances?
Aaaaaaand it's ruined.
Aaaaaaand it's ruined.
Aaaaaaand it's ruined.
OOoh, do me now.
That's what she said. 
What the hell is going on?!
Has anyone else been fucking waffles lately, or is it just me?


I love you for this
I love you. 
They're coming from Gdansk to see the film!!

Ah Ted.
who is ted downvoted because of lack of information
Reminds me of this

Aaaaah go on!
It's always really weird for me to see Dermot Morgan (Fr Ted) on TV, along with the global audience the show enjoyed, as he was my teacher in school.
You lucky bastard. Any stories?
No major stories..He was always a bit off-the-wall and, to be honest, not the best of teachers.
The English teacher I had after him (a quick shout out to Mr. 'handlebars' Kelly) is a true legend in his own lifetime..You could see Dermot's mind was elsewhere..1980's Ireland was in a depression and people had to work at jobs they did not like to make ends meet. I would classify him as being in such a position..That being said, in hindsight, there was a definite creativity about him.
If you could imagine someone with his potential stuck in a teaching job, I wouldn't say it was the happiest time in his life.
In moving image form:
That cinema behind them is a 5 minute drive from my house. It is now a funeral home randomly.
That funeral home has always been beside it, even when the cinema was open. I don't think the cinema is used for anything right now, though I haven't actually bothered looking at it in awhile. 
Yeah you're right. The cinema part is actually a second hand book shop.
Rightly so, since it's worded exactly the same.
Yeah, but he wanted everyone to know that he knew. Now we are all in the know. Isn't it great? .Also, spider baby. 

Came here to make sure there was a Father Ted reference. All is well.
That would be an ecumenical matter.
YES?!
Careful Now
You don't know when it's a funeral home at any given time?
People have surprise parties, why not surprise funerals?
It's usually during their showings of horror films for the over 80s.
It's an Irish expression.
I am disappoint.

What an original novelty account. Kudos. 

"I want to be cool too"
Bad job!


Catholics are so dum why can't I marty a woman? But two men can get married just not a woman and man
"OK one last time. These cows are small, but those out there are far away."
That scene always reminds me of Blackadder teaching Baldrick how to add.
I think he looks like a bird who's swallowed a plate, my lord
Was literally think that line as I read this.
I was thinking, "it's the Greeks I want. They invented gayness!"
"Hairy Japanese bastards!"



essar eru litlar en krnar ti eru langt i burtu. Litlar, langt i burtu.
Upvote for Father Ted!
I liked the scene where he was giving that other fellow a banana
I'm American, but went to boarding school in the UK for my high school years. My religious studies professor once had us watch an episode of Father Ted and the general consensus was that it fucking sucked and no one liked it..I was the lone awkward American who thought it was hysterical.
Downvote for being a faggot
You asked for it.

Put "Feck" into the vocabulary of so many Americans.
What is feck?
Was Father Ted actually popular in the US? I never knew. 
Not . per se, but comedy aficionados have sought it out.
Irish bastardization of the word fuck, there's a character in Father Ted who says it a lot.
"Now what would you say to a nice little cup?"
Feck Off cup!!
Feck off, ye gobshite!
I just cringed so hard at the image of an American saying "feck it anyway".
Stop being such a twot...
Ggnnnngh!
u twot m8?
It came to America?
If you have the ability to stream from Amazon, you're good to go.
It played for years on PBS (WHYY in Philly, at least.) Loved that show.
Netflix has it!  :)
PBS and BBC America both played it. 
I think it's on Netflix? And it's been on DVD for a long time now.
And Canada. It was played on the CBC.
It's on Netflix too
It's also on Netflix. 
It came to Canada on CBC. I loved it.
On DVD, that's how my friends and I watched it.
Are these Canadian protesters? 
I knew it hadn't been on TV. And I've never heard an American use 'feck'. It is something native Irish people say. 
honestly this is how our first amendmant gets ruined....ppl are sarcastically picketing and protesting when there is real things ppl can picket about.......they are abusing there right to picket and honestly it makes me want to vomit.........guy in america can we please take our constitution seriously and dont make it into a joke...? thanks....
Morbi purus aenean nam interdum venenatis.
BBC America showed it some time ago.
It definitely was. I saw it before DVD's were even a thing.
And Scots, though it also is used as a replacement for fuck in multiple English using groups, a kinder version, like saying crap in place of shit, for instance in the video game Conker's Bad Fur Day, all instances of fuck are replaced with feck. 
It was on PBS in our area (WVIA in Northeast PA). All three seasons, and the Christmas special in the lingerie section. My wife (American) and I (British stock) use catchphrases from it all the time. Especially near the clergy ...but that would be an ecumenical matter.
YES
Largest lingerie section in Ireland. So I've heard.
It was on some PBS stations, though possibly only during pledge drives. And they'd seemingly only ever show Kicking Bishop Brennan Up The Arse.
I love his scary charge at the end with the billowing cape.  .I'm an American, but got to see Father Ted when it was on Netflix for a while (not anymore sadly).  I only wish there had been a fourth season.  I think my favorite episode was the one where everyone thought Ted was a racist. 
It was on all the time on one of the local PBS stations by me at the time (early 2000's) on regular rotation.  Though it could have been BBC America to be honest.  Either way it was on in the US and I know quite a few people who watched it.
I've been watching it lately, but I know I saw some of the episodes on tv as a teenager in the late 90's/early 00's. I hardly ever watched PBS back then, so I'm pretty sure it wasn't there. I'm not sure if we had BBC America back then, either, but I'm positive I saw some Father Ted on tv back then. 
"Hi I'm a bull, and you're watching Jackass"
Why would people be on the left side? You're supposed to hug the right side at that corner

Where the hell is .??
Ran with the bulls last friday, got to be one of the craziest experiences of my life!
Epic Photobull
Looks more like a selfie. 
This is utterless bull
I forgot how to bull.
It's not really a photobomb if you pause a video at a funny moment, is it?
I'm imagining Steve Irwin reincarnated as a bull.."Right, what I'm going to do here is run straight into these McDonald's eating specimens and have a hiss fit. They're all looking backwards at my life-partner, Terry, so they shouldn't see me coming."
StumbullUpon
Bae caught me gorin'.
Nope 
Nothing but shit comments here.
Is it photoshopped in, or is it falling?
FUCKING EPIC BRO. EPICCCCCC .EPIC EDIT: EPIIICCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCC 
I ate dinner at a Japanese steak with a guy who said he just got back from Spain and that he ran with the bulls. I really hike he actually did because I would love to do it one day 
This is obviously a frame from a video... Reddit is so retarded sometimes.
Fast and Furious: Pamplona Drift. 
Per the interwebs about 7 years ago: For Sale - One lightly used Canon Canon Powershot Sd990. Some slight scratches. Sold As Is.

[deleted]
[deleted]
bae caught me tramplin'
selfie!
EPIC FAIL GUIZ AM I RITE??!? XDDDD
I haven't seen this picture since 2008 well done op.
I feel really bad for that bull. It is slowly tortured to death. What a cruel celebration"
[deleted]
Why is it a photobomb? I thought the idea of this festival was the bulls. 
I came here solely for this
Did you mean run from it?
Thanks Google!
Hello, this is bull and this is jackass
Hello, I am cow.
Where do all these shit comments come from? I feel like one post a day gets raided by a group of twelve year olds. 
OH REALLY, THE BULL DIDN'T SEE THAT SOMEONE WAS TAKING A PICTURE AND THOUGHT "HAHAHA I'LL BOMB THE SHIT OUT OF THAT PHOTO"?
My name is Tony the bull and welcome to jackass.
This was before he got butt twice with his horns.
This is a video still, not a pic.
Can't tell if dead, or if happy
It's not dead yet, it's still in the street.
Neither!
The trend of pointing this out is worse than the accumulation of all the shit comments that have ever been posted or ever will be posted to Reddit.
The ghost of Ernest Hemingway. 
NSFL: Not Safe For Leg
moo
I'm Benny the Bull, and this is Jackass.
A hundred Spaniards photobombing a bull? Yeah that is pretty epic
Ah the ol' reddit fuck you.
"YO MAN WHATS YOUR BEEF?!"
Moo, motherfuckers.
"Moo."
It is more like the people-stampede photo bombed the bulls pic.
papa
You got a good picture? Bully for you
"I'm Bull and this is Jackass" 
haha so epic xD
Also known as the Corner of Death. They allow photographers to shoot from under a protective wall that has a small slit to shoot from. The bulls slip in the cobblestone here. You don't want to be caught between them and the wall.
Epic photoshop
NOPE! Just Chuck Testa.
e pic: electronic pic
taken with a potato-gluestick
Epic photoshop.FTFY
That .? 
The best part of this picture is the look on the humans' faces.

That is the Estafeta turn of the San Fermines bull run.

That would be funny accept that animal is probably either hog tied, dead, or dying.
It's not. It's rounding the corner at the running of the bulls in pamplona.....although it will be killed at the bullfights the next day.
So bizarre.





Your flair made that a scary click
It's just the name of my website..But I'm curious to know what's scary about "C-Section Comics"? If my flair was "Soft Penises with Googly Eyes" I might think a second before clicking (but then click anyway)

Have you actually watched a c-section? And not the ones where the surgical area is draped all nice... 
Like 
Sorry but this risky click seems far too risky. Someone wanna check this and report back?
Done.. Its just like serving lasagne. 
You got a raw deal, man.  This was funny.
Upvote for spelling "cesarean" correctly for your search.
Thanks....think I'll give it a miss.
I call bull on this one. Photoshopped.
I've got a beef with this picture.
You're just being a bully.
But it's better than heifer the pictures I've seen today.
Stop trying to milk the karma.
This thread has gone sour
You guys butter chill out, the downvotes are coming.
These puns are curdling my blood.
It's getting pretty cheesy.

lol bet someone got poked in the head if you know what i mean  .edit: its a joke, does anyone have a since of humor?
oh ferd
"Holy cow!!"
Not Sense The Accident. Hurr Durr....
Logic failure
*cents 
FTFY
rofl
LOL (success kid meme)

This whole comment section is . 
Yeah, it's a load of bull. 
I was curious. I was wrong to be curious.
Pirates ye be warned. 
Screen cap for . karma!
 is mostly videos.
lol ur cringe u fuckin faggot go back to facebook u cunt fart faggot 
Keep trying
wow, you weren't kidding.it's almost enough to snap me out of my droning existence long enough to realize i spend time on a fucking website with .on an unrelated note i have strong opinions on how people use the confession bear meme

Not even a playful costume?
Man, the 90s were a lot frumpier...

I feel like I'm the only person that loathed this show...
Caring is illogical.
What starship is he serving on?
Penn Jillette hates Friends too. He doesn't like sitcoms in general because they're bland and watered down.
The Orangered vs. Periwinkle battle still rages on!
Aaaaaaand now I want to watch Friends. I should be asleep and I have work tomorrow..Shit.
You're not alone on this one.
I would just like to let you know how terrible of a person you truly are getting karma for reposted comics of a TV show. Which I'm assume, unless you can prove me wrong, you did nothing to contribute to. 
You must be new here.
don't end sentences with a preposition. it's so off-putting.
Fixed that for you.
Who cares
 _()_/
sup son
What did you do to his arm?!
 _()_
It won't let be put backslashes in :(
_()_

This must have been what happened to the recent Asiana flight
Lovely representations of women and Asian people.
Doesn't matter saw tits
reposted...
VersusTvigle! :D
This always makes me laugh like an idiot for a while.
This is reposted so often
Are you kidding me? I've only been on Reddit a year and this is the tenth time I've seen this.
repost
Why is this so long? 
The first one? You mean the first time this was posted here?

I'm an idiot, didn't realize until the very end . . . 
I just watched a gif of a boy with his pants down to his ankles taking a piss on a mermaid. Someone help my life.
Repost...

Have I ever told you definition of insanity 
WHY IS THIS SO LONG.
And your point?
It's funny. If you saw it before, why did you open it again?
deserves no karma for repost on cake day.... 
this is the 3rd time i've seen this reposted........fgt
versus tvigle is pretty funny.  A lot better with sound though..[link to original artist]
Great
Dat boob jiggle.
She got some nice tits.
Can't believe I just wanted the entire...movie?
That guy must have had a lot of coffee 
Boobs can solve any problem. It doesn't stop a new problem from appearing, however. 
"But you bring down one enemy and they find someone even worse to replace him."
It's cute though
This is the first time I've seen this.
happy cake day!!! :)
I laughed way too hard at this.
This was the longest and one of the best gifs I've seen. 
as a person sitting in class right now, this is insanely entertaining
Under da pee, under the pee! You know its betta, because its wetta, yes under da pee!
That was the longest piss in history.
Aw, was hoping it'd end with them building a statue in honor of the kid who died doing what he loved.
them some nice boobies, my only weakness
This could be in .. . 
Every time I see this I immediately think of Shin Chan!
Jesus Christ, how much did he freaking drink?!?
Repost
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
Reposting after only 23seconds? Shame on you sir!
Up on the shore they piss all day. Out in the sun they shit away.
Totally a repost :/
I love how they're taking pictures of the guy pissing when there's a mermaid right fucking there
I have the weirdest boner right now
What the fuck did I just watch?
Welcome to Reddit. It's about to get weirder.
edit: Courtesy of 
Do it!  Totally SFW and giggle-worthy.
Definitely not clicking this.
Yeah I liked that part with boobs.
Here's the video this is from. .The sound effects are fantastic.
Two things I didn't notice from the gif version:.1) Sebastian(the lobster) doesn't actually clip him. At first I though that was the reason his 3 streams merged into one large stream. Like if you had a garden hose with a nozzle on it set to spread and then suddenly lomped off the end it would start gushing out. Now I'm not sure how he merged streams..2) Ariel was playing with her boobs which gave him an erection which is why his stream started to point at the sky before she put the clip on it.
Also, without the sound effects, I had no idea that those were supposed to be Asian tourists. 
There was a moment where they had dated racist cartoon-Asian eyes.
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
This is the longest gif I've ever seen

There's some gif on 5thworldpics that's like 45mb
I have terminator 2 in gif form
63 MB for those wondering
Doubt it. That gif I mentioned is 30 seconds max
its the whole movie
Terminator 2 in 48x30, 63MB 
high res 30p

And the fastest-loading

That was wonderful. Bjrk is a funny one
The WTFs I had...
And zero loading time, incredible!

There's one somewhere that's some weird futa hentai rape thing with ludicrous amounts of body fluids, and it's my favorite gif ever, but I don't know where it's at. It's like a minute and a half long.
nsfw obviously
Oh god, why is it purple?
What did I just witness?
Yep, thanks..Thought I saw an extended version of even that one somewhere.
I noticed it cuts off, I thought the person who made it just stopped..Do you have a link?
I don't, that's actually why I said "I don't know where it's at.".I wish I did. IIRC another penis appears..Also I think I saw one of these with some color once.
I found this:.nsfw
This gave me a raging torque on . whoops
Because you've clicked on it before.
I.. well I guess you're right! Thanks for clearing that up for me .!
You're quite welcome, .!
Sexcellent. 
What the fuck
The part where there was ejaculate coming out of her asshole sort of struck me as odd. It was in that weird region of "I'm not totally sure that's not a thing," so I googled it..TIL: It's a 
A penis erected itself out of a vagina, and that's what you found odd?
What do you mean? My penis erects itself out of vaginas all the time.
Obviously never watched the "you can beat Snake" gif, have you?..
Link?
 Sorry I got the wrong one last time.
I believe it's this one: 
i feel like if screen savers were still a thing, i would want this as it.
I seriously kept thinking that he would lose, even though the gif was called "You can beat Snake"
Dude. My computer went to sleep while watching that gif. I watched it entirely
It's this one: 
I think the original one posted was about 23 minutes long.
That's the fast version, I think.  .EDIT: Scratch that, it's not.
What does the frog say at the end? It went by so fast I couldn't read it.
What a disappointment that the message at the end wasnt in english... anyone know what it said?
Game over, he ate his tail. 
This hypnotized me right till the end. 
If anything that proves that I probably can't beat snake
I just watched all of that, in my silent and dark room. Just... staring. I should probably get some sleep..Nah... more reddit.
did you know the entire terminator 2 movie has been converted into 1 single gif?.63MB for the curious --.mon-star gets a gold star
I have a feeling that opening this while using data on a phone might be a bad idea.
That is T2: Judgment Day
What is that, a gif for ants?!
its only 1/38th of a 2GB plan
Good math, sir.
a little late for that one m8
i'm pretty far into it. i just zoomed in 500% and i let my mind do that CSI enhance thing
proof?
63MB for the curious

This 1 single gif also consists of 1 single pixel.
do you know how pixels work
edit: k, thought I was being funny, but sometimes my humor doesn't translate outside of my head. sorry.
Do you know how hyperbole works?
do you know how hyperbole and a half works?
do you know the muffin man?
do you know where cherry lane is?
technically is 48x30 pixles for a total of a lot of pixels, but when compared to 1080p or 4K, 1 pixel vs a lot is pretty much trvial when compared to the galactical fuckton that those sizes have
48*30 = 1440. which means that gif has as many pixels as one single row of my laptop screen. And I have 768 of those.
so you can perfectly fit 768 of those gifs into your monitor. I love maths..EDIT: I am stupid
Except no, since 768 is not divisible by 30.
aww fuck you're right... I knew something was wrong with my logic...
No one said you had to fit them .. Let them kinda snake around.

Don't act like you're not impressed!
I bet they're quick.
Mickey is still looking for his
Donald is a noble duck 
The Poles and Russians are experts at this.
The only time I would ever take heart over fire
Lawl... It's missing Johnny Walker Platinum 
So Gold Label makes you fart?
As a bartender you most likely just were drinking red all night. Your tab would've been ridiculous if you were drinking blue, green, and or golf.
Nobody cares what made you join reddit...
johnny walker green label, Its my favorite. red label sucks though. imo
relevant username
Would you smell that guys feet for a dollar?
If you waste a drop of that Blue Label... :O
Expensive bender.
Liar you saw this yesterday.
Oh my goodness, it's been a year sice that was posted? What am I doing with my life?
I have never seen this
Everything happening from the ankles down is confusing. 
Red Label is fucking turpentine. Green was disappointing. Didn't the old Gold become Platinum now? Blue is overpriced..Long story short, let's go grab some Macallan 18.
Fun fact: This pic/repost was my first post on reddit over two years ago. You have gotten more karma from this one post than I have in two years from all of my shitty posts.
OMG ITS OUR CAKEDAY :)
And now I'm nostalgic...
An upvote for your cakeday! :) Have a good one my friend.
Double black doesn't even get an honorable mention? It's the only good one!
or Platinum Label even
I'll take 2 fingers of water, please. Neat. 
This is good, i may repost this at some point in the future. Thanks OP
I'm just going to stick to earth. And heart when I'm out.
Red Label is meant for mixing, not for drinking straight. That would be Black Label.
even when I mixed it with coke I didnt like it. black label is good mixed or straight to me though
Yeah, I'm not really a fan of mixing scotch with anything other than soda, and Red Label is meant for flavored mixers. I've never been a fan of it at all. It had kind of an off taste to it.
Coke? What the fuck is wrong with you? Use water or soda for Christ's sake. Coke wtf.
jeez man chill, I just like my nose to feel numb also.
I don't want to be this guy. The Glenlivet is so much better.
And the hangover is so much worse. Getting drunk off of single malt is a terrible idea.
Yes, only because it's so easy to chug the 18 year. 
THANK YOU!!!! Your post helped me remember the name for that cartoon. It has been eating away at me.
$800 dollars later

I brought Blue Label to a BBQ  a few years ago. Pour a belt for a friend and me, set bottle down, table gets bumped, bottle shatters on ground. I was devastated.
How can you people drink JW, a bottle of Mcallan 12 triple cask is about as expensive as a bottle of Black label here, the choice is pretty much obvious. 
What is this shit?
Black heart.
Yep, my first thought as well. 
That's an expensive night.
I'd prefer double black
I watched a documentary about homeless drugs addicts in downtown vancover, this guy was in it. From my own memory he was one of the two that got out of it. It was called "through a blue lens".
Love how heart is black in this. Captain planet is just evil in this train of thought.
Repost
So you reposted it?
So...you're admitting that this is a repost, just that you waited a year to post it?.You sly dog, you!
Green is no longer in production :(
you see, a lot of people go for either the cheaper black label or go all out and go for gold or blue. at 50 dollars, green label is a steal for how good it tastes. its my favorite. Luckily its a little known secret in my area and there are about 20 fifths in the stores around me. I am happy about that.
I've got an open bottle at home.  I'm afraid to drink it because I know it will be the last.  .Too bad, Green Label was the best.
virginia and florida still have it. 
That guy couldn't afford an eyedropper of Blue Label.
To be fair, neither could I.
Water is so expensive 
On what planet is Johnny Walker Blue water? 
Earth
Repost!
Accidentally ordered a Blue Label on the rocks in Key West earlier this year (I confused it for black). I handed the bartender a $20 and she looked at me like I had two heads.
isnt green out of production?
I thought I was in r/morbidreality for a second.
I watched a documentary about homeless drugs addicts in downtown vancover, this guy was in it. From my own memory he was one of the two that got out of it. It was called "through a blue lens". When you first see him he is Over Dosing in a corner, the police officers start helping him and call the EMTs. They Gave him CPR and luckily he was OK. His family came back for him to.
Serious question: what are those things at the bottom of his pants that his feet loops into. Do they keep your pants from riding too high on your shins?
Admit it's a repost. Reap the karma.  

Well hello...
i had a friend who, at 17, drank Johnny Walker like a goddam pro. pretty sure he was a functioning alcoholic by the time he left high school. i would always HATE drinking anything really hard. but man i cant forget him putting down 3/5 of a bottle of whisky, straight, like it was nothing
*Johnnie
Am I the . who has NO IDEA what is going on with this guys feet?
I don't think that dude can afford JW.
We used to do Ice, wind, and fire rounds. Which was shots of Ice 101 (peppermint schnaps), Jager, and Fire 101 (cinnamon schnaps) one after another. It wasn't for the faint of heart. guess we should have called them captain planets. 
Captain face plant
More like Captain Plant It On The Fucking Ground
But isn't powers the cheap shit...
God, I was so excited when I bought a bottle of jw black.... Could not have been more let down. Such a plain/boring whisky. For the same price you could have a nice bottle of Jamesons which tastes so much fuller or for about 4/5 more get a nice single malt like Dalmore..Tl;dr - disappointing whisky
More like Kerrptrnn Pluntrerrd
I'll be sad when the Green is all gone!
Ill fake it through the day, with some help, from Johnny Walker Red...-Elliot Smith
I wish I could afford this wonderful cornucopia of joy
What the hell is heart supposed to do? I never really watched Captain Planet, but it doesn't seem like Heart has much purpose
then everything changed when the jack daniels attacked
Did you guys even see those drunken toes!!??  Damn.. You guys always miss out.
 coming soon.edit: geebus...its already here.
I don't even remember the first post I saw on reddit anymore.
I was thinking of W.I.T.C.H but Captain Planet works too
More like Captain Planted on his face.
Why isn't the gold label under Heart? 
Over a year ago?  But your cake day's today!
More like Captain Face-Planted
The work of a true black heart
Over a year ago? Or exactly a year ago?


for me, JW is guaranteed hangover material..i get a headache from just two shots.
CAPTAIN PLANET! HE'S A HERO!
Water is blue.  Johnny Walker Blue.  It's a play on the color label not an evaluation of the quality.
Seems obvious now.  I think about scotch with my mouth not my eyes so it didn't register. 
didn't register in the brain either i'm guessing.
Nope.  It didn't even get that far. 
Ugh while I enjoy the booze, I can't stand that pic because of those feet.  I mean...ugh.  
I think he's wearing socks. You can see some toes on his left foot.
yeah, that's problematic.  If he's not already dead, he's lost those feet.
I noticed that, too.  This guy is seriously down on his luck.
Proabbly not buying name brand booze in glass bottles. :-\
I have tried all of those besides the Gold Label (never even seen it) and I can say with some certainty, "I hate scotch."
If Heart wasn't necessary to form Captain Planet, he would have been kicked out long ago. 
Or he would have just been the Avatar.
Heart was an awesome power. It's just that the kid had no idea how to use it. IIRC He gets telepathy and some mind control powers over people and animals. 
This is in the Frank Miller take in the captain planet DC graphic novel series in 2006, look it up people
I just googled the hell out of that and I have found no evidence that the thing you're talking about exists.
What's that Wheeler? You wanted chronic depression and bipolar disorder?  If you say so.
That's because he is a troll, Frank Miller did Captain America.
Ahhh, then he got me. I was really hoping to find a gritty Captain Planet reboot. There's a really good illustration of something like that, I think I saw it on reddit a few weeks ago, but it's a one-shot.
Oh that blue label... sweet nectar of the Gods. 
You should try the 
Let me tell you, I am by no means a connoisseur of scotch. A fan? Definitely. Sophisticated in taste? Hardly. I was fortunate enough, however, to find myself in possession of a bottle of Blue Label last year and I can say with 100% certainty that it is in every way worth the $200 price tag.
everyone is entitled to their opinion.  
Likewise a bottle was bought for me. It will last me 10 years at least..I am not sure I would personally spend $200 on it. But if it were $150 I would. 
Cost Co sells Blue Label for $160 and you don't need a membership to buy alcohol in California.
IIRC there is a federal law prohibiting private clubs selling alcohol or tobacco so at all those warehouse stores you can buy the two without a membership.
However, you must pay with cash.
I paid with my CC at Cost Co.
I had a friend who got one from work and he was kind enough to share.  One of these days I'll save up for a bottle of my own, just for special occasions. :-)
Agreed.
No, you just hate mediocre blended scotch
I also hated Highland Park 12
Try a Laphroaig 10 or an Ardbeg Uigeadail - they're cheap enough and good enough that you can afford to have them as testers..If you don't like those, try an Auchentoshan Three Wood.  None of the smoke flavor.  .There's a scotch for everybody!
Every scotch I've tried so far tasted like burnt vomit, so I'm not going to go out of my way to try more. If I see any of these sitting around, though, I'll definitely give them a sip.
Then you might just not like scotch. Go to a scotch tasting, if you have the opportunity, you might change your mind
I'd say a sherry bomb like Aberlour, Glenfarclas or Macallan is more appropriate for someone who has said they've hated the JW line and HP12. Those are all peated to some extent. 
Aberlour is damn tasty.
The A'bunadh is by far my favorite spirit. 
Spot on about Laphroaig 
I find The Macallan and Balveine to be the most accessible scotches for beginners.  It usually takes a while to warm up to the smokey/peaty flavors but everyone loves buttery smooth ones.
Meh, to each their own to be honest- The father of one of my closest friends has been part of the 'rich millionaire' club, parties and all, for quite some time but whenever he's home alone with the curtains closed that guy will still pull out his Jack Daniels and Smirnoff. .TL;DR Taste is a peculiar thing, I'd try not to judge it.
It probably isn't a good idea to throw someone who says they dislike scotch into such peaty territory.
i've never met anyone who drank scotch who thought blue label was "mediocre". .don't get me wrong, it's not even close to worth the price they want for it and i would never buy it because i'd rather buy a 30 year old bottle of highland park for the same price but it is still damn good.
Johnnie Walker Blue goes for $150-$200 in most places. The cheapest I've ever seen Highland Park 30 going for is $500. Of course, I'd still take Highland Park 18 or 21 over Johnny Walker Blue.
probably overshot the blue (again, i never buy it)..but i got my bottle of highland park 30 for less than $300 from .. it seems the price is a little higher now and they're also sold out. nevertheless, that's what i paid for it. great website btw.
It is mediocre though... 300 in Canada for a blended scotch that has almost no nose Is light on the taste and has a non existent finish... Johnnie walker is all about the brand name. Much better drams for a quarter of the price of the blue label.
as i said, i would never buy it because you're right, it is overpriced. so you're also right about the brand name thing...with blue label. but neither of those things means it's mediocre. mediocre is inherently a relative and maybe you just have more money than i do but when i think mediocre i think glenlivet 12. and if you're offering me that or blue for free, there's no decision for me to make, give me the blue every time..black label on the other hand is better imo than what i can get for the same price in my area (livet, fiddich, morangie, etc) so in my case at least it's not the brand that's driving sales for black.
I think its mediocre at best. 
what do you consider to be good?
the easiest answer is to look at the top of my review archive:  
damn, we got a whisky expert up in here
, drink Scotch!
wow. thanks. .i've only had a fraction of the ones on your list but i'm glad to see you're a fan of the macallan fine oak series. the 15 is the best i've ever had in my much more limited experience. .surprised to see that you rank blue so low even compared to the other walker offerings. i figured you for a snob but that's obviously not the case. can you elaborate on why you prefer green and black for instance? i'm genuinely curious.
GREAT LIST.
thanks, its a hobby. 
Honestly the Blue Label is designed to be boring.  It was created in the 90s in an effort to sell older whisky that was past its prime.  When a whisky ages too long the ABV lowers too much and once it goes below 40% abv they can't legally sell it.  Johnnie Walker doesnt make spirit, they just buy it from other distilleries to make their blends.  So they bought all these old casks that were unsellable and added newer spirit to bring the ABV up a bit to 40% (43 in some locations)..because of the over aged whisky, its flavor and nose are very very tame because it's lost its punch.  younger spirit has the most punch but needs to be aged in order to be sellable and make it taste good.  theres a Belle Curve of when a whisky peaks in flavor intensity.  .So Johnnie Walker decided since the whisky is old, it should go into a special blend and be sold for a lot as a premium blend.  Whisky costs a lot to store for so long, we're talking like 60 year old whisky that goes into it, among others.  So thats why its so expensive but also so bland..Blue is designed to be bland because the most people can drink it then.  Especially newbies who get one as an expensive gift.  "it has to be good because its so expensive" - myth.  "its so smooth" - really means weak. .I tend to go for whiskies between 7 and 15 years.  thats my goldilocks zone.  Black Label is 12 years old and Green is 15.  notice blue has no age statement.  .Black I just find to be an all around good whisky, good flavor and widely available.  its a Go-To whisky and darn good for cheap.  .Green is the only whisky in the JW line that is Vatted.  Which means its created from only Single Malt whiskies mixed together.  All the others, including Blue have non-barrel aged spirits which is essentially like adding vodka to other whiskies.  .I genuinely find Black and Green a better experience when drinking.  read my reviews in that list if you want to see some notes.  Sorry if I rambled and please ask follow up questions here or join us in . 
And, your source for all this is?
He's one of the top people over at ., he knows his stuff pretty well.

which part, theres lots of info here thats been pieced together from years of research I've done reading reviews, blogs and watching videos. 

thanks. i appreciate the insight. you did not ramble. .agree completely on black label. always been my standard. .it sounds like you're not a fan of older scotches in general. i guess i've typically fallen into the camp that assumes smoother = better mainly because the scotch that i've generally been able to afford has been too far on the other end of the spectrum and when you judge quality by how different than say, jb, a scotch is - yeah, you tend to think blue label is really good. .anyway, i appreciate the different perspective and i get it - ultimate smoothness means you don't taste anything so that can't be the only yard stick.
are we sure this dudes not dead?
Captain Plandead

Seriously though... he looks pretty dead
Confirmed dead.
Maybe one of these has some info about that:
Affirmative.  I poked him.  He is dead.
Binary Solo!

This is Bowie to Bowie, do you hear me out there man?
Browsing on my phone, wondering what you could have linked each of those lines too. Clicked one to see. "Now Calling: 00000011..."
Hes fine. Dad does this all the time.
Johnnie Walker?  That's cute.  Got any real Scotch?
Ah, a single malt snob. Blended scotch serves its purpose. I prefer the flavor of many single malts, but blended whisky is smoother. I will never get drunk on single malt - the hangover is fucking brutal. Hence, blended whisky for the nights I wanna get smashed.
[deleted]
Where did he specify that blended scotches were shit? What I inferred from his post was that Johnny Walker scotches are shit to which I agree..There are plenty of great blended scotches out there. Johnny Walker brand scotches aren't among them. 
In one of his comments further down in the thread he states that he prefers single malt..Also, I don't understand all the hate towards Johnnie Walker. Yes, there are better blends. But as long as you know where to buy it so you don't get ripped of, JW is not bad at all. Is it just because it's popular? Is this some sort of whisky hipster thing? Who cares what other people like to drink? Nobody's forcing it down anybody's throat.
interesting, I never get a hangover on whisky.  shitty beers yes, wine yes, but not whisky. 
For some reason, single malt gives me a wicked hangover.
I'm going to assume your still young. It seems like as soon as I turned 20 I started getting hellish hangovers.
that sucks.  that would be my own person hell. 
31
Wow, I wish I was that lucky. I'm 22 now and I never got very bad hangovers as a teenager unless I drank myself completely stupid. Now if I just get a bit tipsy I wake up with a migraine and I feel like my whole body is dehydrated for about 24 hours. Of course I also have juvenile arthritis, so maybe I'm just aging faster. 
I agree that you should drink whatever you like but JW is just a well known brand IMO. It's like Budweiser. Everyone knows it, many drink it, and it's a pretty shitty beer. 
you were downvoted, and I am upvoting you.  Johnnie Walker is terrible tasting scotch. 
It's horrible stuff, but it serves a purpose (selling abroad so we can keep the good malts to ourselves).
You can get a much better scotch that is an actual single malt for a comparable price. Blue label is wayyyyy too expensive for a blend.
[deleted]
I'm sure that blue is the best tasting of the johnny walkers, but that doesn't mean it's worth the exorbitant price.
Cheers to that..Source: chilled glass of Highland Park 12 year
Heathen.  </scotch snobbery>
Seriously. Why not just pop it in a blender with ice and orange juice! 
Well la-di-fucking-da.
Oh god it isn't worth it, we occasionally pick it up in Gibraltar because it's a lot cheaper. My Grandad has a bottle of Blue for a special occasion.
there's nothing inherently superior about single malt scotches given that blends are necessarily made up of single malts anyway..agree that blue label is way to expensive but it's also awesome. i would never buy it but if it's available for free i'm there..i actually find black label to be better than the single malts i can get in the same price range in my area (glenlivet, glenfiddich, etc) but that's obviously just my preference.
Blends also have grain alcohol. Only a few blends are single malt only. JW green is one of them. .And yes entry level Glenlivet and fiddich are not great. JW black aint bad. You gotta spend some money before you really start to see the difference between good single malts and 'good' blends. .imo
Well, it's Blended scotch whiskey not just plain scotch. I enjoy blue and black label. They're a nice adjustment from nasty Jack Daniels but if I want scotch I'm going to have a Laphroaig or a Lagavulin. They're different alcohols man. 
Laphroaig is one of my favorite scotches.  So much flavor.  My friends all prefer smoother scotches but I just find them bland.
[deleted]
Black Bottle is a blended Scotch that is fairly smooth and has a peaty taste to it.  You won't really taste the alcohol at all behind the peat.  Some scotch fans turn their nose up at blended scotches, but their lower price point makes them an ideal point of entry for a novice.  Single Malts can be a bit pricey..The Dewars you mentioned is also a blended scotch..If you enjoy the flavor profile of Black Bottle and wish to delve deeper, Laphroaig and Arberg are very peaty Scotches.
Thank you my friend.  Have one on me..Source: the 12-year-old Glenmorangie I'm sipping
It seriously grinds my gears that those bottles are out of order!
Fuck it. Red, Black, Green, Gold, Blue.
As an old Johnnie drinker I came here to say this. Thank you
Yeah, I can't get past blue being water
but they're in order of the way the show did the elements.
Green label is no more! .Also, Platinum and Double Black are missing.
Swing, Swing Superior, and XR are also missing, but that doesn't come close to completing the list.
But...but I loved Green label
its still widely available and its still isnt completely confirmed that it will be gone forever.  but you'll still see it on the shelves for years. stock up if you do love it, but dont be afraid to drink it, because theres no shortage yet. 
You can buy it still, but they're not making it anymore.
Me too, I actually prefered green to blue when I blind tasted them.  Red and black are mediocre as shit (in my opinion of course), give me civas regal or dewars white label over them any day.  Blue and gold are both good, but I can't justify spending the cash on anything more than green.
This is more or less my reasoning behind my preference for green too. I don't like red or black but I don't have infinite money either.
White Blue Black Red Green
But it is the correct order for The Cpt Planet joke - I'll let it slide for now.
what is correct order from cheapest 
Anna Kendrick
Red, black, green, gold, blue.
red, black, green, gold, blue
[deleted]
Red, black, green, gold, blue.
Red, black, green, gold, blue.
Red, black, green, gold, blue.
Red, black, green, gold, blue.
Red, black, green, gold, blue.
Red, black, green, gold, blue.
Red, black, green, gold, blue.
I've been wrong before but I believe:.Red, black, green, gold, blue
Red, black, green, gold, blue
Tom Cruise.
Tom Cruise.
His name was Robert Paulson.
This is the one we will downvote.

Red, black, green, gold, blue. 
There's also double black, but idk where that falls
Platinum in between gold and blue
This.
Yea and it's red, black, green, gold, blue too.
Red, black, green, gold, blue?
Wha I would never expect green to be more expensive than black. +
Jack Daniels is the opposite.
Ya, thats what he said.
lol 

It goes by age. Red is 10, Black is 12, green is 15, gold is 18, and I . blue is 25. I'm not sure how age is determined in blended Scotches, but in Cognacs, which are all blended, the designation is by the youngest spirit in the blend. .Also, there are a lot of posters here that really hate on blends and mixing, and ice, and anything that they perceive to be bad, and hold the position that the only drink worth its water is an Islay Scotch. To that I say, drink whatever you enjoy, and enjoy whatever you drink. There is a brilliant art and science to blending (my first love is Cognacs, so I don't have an automatic aversion to blended spirits, even though I do prefer single malts in Scotch) that a lot of people overlook. So, if you like Black Label more than Green Label, or if you like an ice cube, or if you like a little water mixed in, which btw is how many single malts are correctly tasted, drink that and never ever feel that you're somehow wrong. It's a matter of taste, and if you're the one tasting, you're automatically correct. .Just don't mix with coke. That's where I draw the line. 
Friend of mine had a bottle of Blue and was kind enough to share a few shots of it.  Smoothest scotch I've ever had the pleasure of tasting..Granted, I haven't really tried all that much high end stuff.
Blue is actually 50. Source: bought a bottle of blue for my Dad's 50th, before finding out he doesn't drink whiskey.
I like you. Crown is my sprit animal, even though I routinely get made fun of for that. 
Johnny Walker Black is the only scotch I drink, with one ice cube. I've never liked green or gold label (never tried blue) so I don't know how good my taste buds are. .Fun fact: Black Label was the only scotch Saddam Hussein would drink. He had millions of dollars worth of bottles stashed in his palace. 
Blends are are aged by the average age of the scotche's put in. A 10 & 20 year blend is a 15 year, and so on.
That is precisely wrong. A blended Scotch is the age of the youngest whisky in the blend.
I thought blue was like 60. .After doing some research the blend does usually contain some 50 -  60 year old scotch. Stop fucking down voting me because you wrongly think I'm incorrect. 
Blue may contain some 60 year old whisky but it isnt just all 60 year old whisky.  it may also contain some 6 year old whiskies.  which is why it doesnt carry an age statement on the label.  by law if a whisky wants to have an age statement on the label it has to be the youngest whisky in the batch.  even single malts have different ages in one bottle.  example:  Glenfiddich 15 might contain whiskies that are 15, 16, 17, and maybe even 18.  
Yes. As I said: I also did the research. 
yeah I'm talking to the idiot downvoters, trying to help you. 
Red is 6.
Correct enough although Red has never been age started. Gold has moved between 15, 18 and NAS depending on batch, and blue is also NAS these days. .Gold Label Reserve has replaced Green and is NAS itself, and the old Gold label has been replaced by an 18yo Platinum which is brilliant.
listen to this guy, he owns a whiskyshop in the UK.  
Islay? Bah! Peated nastiness. Give me a Highland or Speyside single malt instead.
Aww, does the peat clash with your perfume, ma'am?
Thanks for the response. Plantinum is 18, I think.  .I mostly drink single malt and Irish whiskey. Not a huge fan of blue, which I find overpriced and not smooth at all. 
Agreed. Gold is the best of all the JWs I'm my opinion, and JW is the best blended scotch hands down. 
Green > Gold IMO. Too bad it was discontinued.
If you like scotch, you're a friend to me! 
Not to take anything away from Blue, but it's very overpriced. You can get a bottle of single malt that blows it away for half the price. I now feel like buying Johnny Walker is like buying a brand, not a product. 
Blue is blended whiskey, it could contain various ages which is why it is not given an age designation.
Huh, you appear to be right. Puzzling that my local liquor store advertised otherwise.
Why would you shoot that :/
I am really hoping he used shots as a unit of measure in this sense.  Sadly I assume not..On another note during my senior year of college I went to a friend of mines room the day after a big party day on campus.  I found an almost empty handle of Johnnie Black that I later learned they were doing shots of and mixing.  I know it isnt anything special, but as a poor college student I would have killed for that bottle. 
Not gonna lie, I've done shots of Johnnie Black before, but only because I was drinking it with friends who were more partial to stuff like Evan Williams and Smirnoff vodka and was trying to get them to taste it because I knew they wouldn't just sip it. They actually liked it and ended up enjoying sipping it with a splash of water and a couple ice cubes. I was also a lot younger, and by a lot younger I mean 20 years old heh, but I didn't really grasp the gravity of how I was drinking it, but I don't think I would've shot Blue, even at that age.
A bit of water actually enhances the taste, so people hating on it must prefer less taste to their whiskey.
it opens the bouquet 
[deleted]
I think blue is overpriced and green is probably the best value for the quality.  I haven't had gold though.  Black is what I usually keep stocked for day to day drinking. 
I want to get cirrhosis with this guy.
Is it (Blue)?.'cause I was thinking that'd be a nice 21st birthday present to myself.
Accidentally deleted comment, but yes. Blue is fantastic. Depending on where you are it can cost a shitload though. It's just as fine to get gold reserve, if you're on a budget. 
I'll keep that in mind, thanks.
At $150/bottle, it better fucking be
We pay $300/bottle in Brazil.and it's fucking worth it.
Man...I've been really tempted to get this for a while. Telling me that it's well worth it for $300 is something that I do and don't want to hear.
For the love of God, don't spend $150 on a blended Scotch. Buy a bottle of Highland Park 18, save $50, and enjoy a vastly superior Scotch.

Red is drink-with-coke old. 
Because who doesn't like drinking coke with 10 year olds?
More like Captain Planted
Paptain Clanet!  
Way to plant, egg.
how is this not top comment?
Because time.
Captain Plastered.
im all for alcohol being legal but hear me out.......i know alot of u dont agree with christianity but its a sin to go past tipsy when drinking...... once u feel dizzy then thats ur sign to stop.....getting wasted does nothing good to ur body and it damages it alot regardless if u believe in christianity.....no i now u dont agree with the christian part of it, but theres science to back up why getting wasted is bad......i really hope u all live there rest of ur lives safely and drink responsibility..........god bless
Massa felis hac duis.
I agree completely, all jokes aside; I am not a big drinker.
Is this the lyrics to a The Hold Steady song? .Try singing it to Multitude Of Casualties.
Not a single positive karma comment, that takes skill.
I went back to re-read the comment and I couldn't help but sing it like Craig. Damn you and thank you at the same time. 
You... fuck you.
Trolling is a sin.
So is feeding them.
What exactly is god saving the queen from? Gays?
Fucking putrid and disgusting
that's a lot of pics of elton john
Fuck the queen :) if Scotland legalises I'm becoming a suicide bomber 
i don't care about the gay people , they can do whatever they want . i just want the rainbow back as rainbow not as a sign for gayness
Do not know how this is even funny....Really do not know how this made the front page.
The gay rainbow has straight stripes. The regular rainbow is curved. Get your facts right.
The queen is so adorable 
Suck a fat one Russia!
My pseudoOCD cannot handle the fact she isn't wearing dark colored shoes in only the one picture. 
lol, "queen"
England has chipotle, five guys and NOW gay marriage?  Legalize weed, and it'll be the best country in the world.
Damn it, Scotland, you're fucking it up again.
fuck the queen
I'm the only gay in the village. 
The gay pride flag actually does not include violet. This has puzzled me for the longest time, but my best estimation is that it's a play on the acronym we all learned in school to remember the colors of the rainbow: Roy G. Biv.  But without violet it's Roy G. Bi, as in bisexual. I don't know if that was the original intention, but either way it's kinda funny.
Still searching for the funny in this...
I have to Roy G Biv this to make sure it was the right order
Queen saves the gays, actually. 
Okay for marriage, but screw the queen!
If you took more than 1 second to mentally critique her hats then this is an especially relevant story to you.
ROYGBVI
Arranged in accordance with the visible spectrum, no less.
And the queen had what to do with this?
I hate monarchies but she really is someone to be proud of and respect.
She sure does have a lot of the same hat in different colors!
Taste the rainbow !
At least Russia is around ugh 
Yeah you didn't see the top comment on the world news post. 
The Queen saves the queens
Aren't the next three pictures to the right of red the same colour?
I never saw the bill not going through. We are a pretty forward thinking country, in my opinion anyways.
My friend: "Rainbow old ladies?"
Me: "That's the freaking queen of England!"
My friend: "Rainbow old ladies."
what about god save the queens?
The Queen can pull off any color.
Gay Save The Queers.
Unelected sponge. 
So many big gots :(
It's nice to see all seven colors represented.  It's always bugged me that the gay rainbow only has six colors.
Wow that was easy, wish we had a Queen..-Gay America
Take that amerikkkunts.
I posted this first ! Shit head :-)
Roy G. Biv
Welcome to the United Queendom!!!
I thought that gaynbow has only six colors.
I wish we could get the Queen's honest opinion on the matter.
Had to click on this to make sure the top comment was about switching the last two pictures.  It was.  Carry on. :)
FTFY: *Queens
"God Save the Queens!"  would have been much better.
I appreciate the fact that you used Roy G. Biv
Ah yes, the woman with no power over parliament, let's thank her for this. 
Her outfits are always so smart!
Good job stealing this from         r/comicbooks
All I can think is "white people really look good in any colour..."
Good on ya The Queen.I'm giggling imagining what Prince Philip's . was..Oh to be a fly on that wall while Her Majesty was signing it...
Mind the gap 
God save the queens!
I like her hats.
[deleted]
Now civil partnerships for heterosexual couples, please.
Why do people care about this stupid bitch?
I bet you Freddie Mercury is rolling over in his grave. 
wait what? I thought it was still yet to be passed, I'm very glad if it is but source?
she wears the best hats. 
I'm surprised she wears the same shoes more than once 
Only England and Wales? Not Scotland or North Ireland
Is there a significance to the color of her gloves? Are there style rules in regards to glove color?
Was just in the UK this summer and saw . in Scotland! Then of course... . 
Needs more color
Guess where Westboro's next trip is to?
When should we be expecting the Nazis Riding Dinosaurs? I have plans for dinner.
But damn she look good when she back dat ass up.
My OCD doesn't like the white shoes in the second picture.
I'm in a weird position, because I like rainbows, but I'm not gay. So whenever I go out wearing a rainbow shirt, I have to put "Not gay." But I'm not against gays, so under that I'll have to put "... but supportive." It's weird how one group of people took refracted light. That's very greedy, gays.
twist: She's got BDSM-like gear underneath that frumpy ass coat.
Stupid faggoty gays can't save anybody.
I really don't understand why marriage of any sort has to be specifically legalised. It shouldn't be rcognised by the government at all and should remain a strictly religious affair, in which case the individual religions can make their own decisions on who can and cannot marry.
While I agree with what you are saying, and that may happen someday, a lot of us feel this: "Before that may happen someday, what about in the meantime?".In the meantime, equality being actively recognized by the government is what we will strive for.  Your proposal, as valid as it may be, is also actually much more drastic, and less likely to happen anytime soon.  Hope that makes sense.
Cool, now if she would give a few territories back...
She was just the last step in the legislation passing.
I thought she had no power other then ceremonial, kind of like the Groundhog Day groundhog.
Royal Assent was granted today, technically marriages cannot start until 2014 but it's now law.
lke what? all we have is a few small islands and gibraltar, and some of antarctica IIRC
Gibraltar isn't even worth keeping. It's just to remind Spain that we are better than them.
That makes it worth keeping. We . better than them and they should be aware of it.
The queen is gay? She had that dykie look about her.
uhh...why? 
Because shes hot, duh!
You're a prick
Wait, same sex marriage was illegal over there? I expected more of you England and Wales..First country in the world legalise same-sex marriage, yeah buddy! 
Yes, she is the Queen...
They may take our tax money, but they'll never use our laws
*Northern Ireland (not North) .Scotland and Northern Ireland have their own laws. Scotland is in the process of passing similar legislation. Northern Ireland will be a while behind as it's a more religious part of the country.
Could you stop staring at the Mirror for a second?
It's on there, it's just not the headline because it's not a massive deal.
We've had civil partnerships for years, which allowed anyone to marry anyone regardless of sex or gender and be given the same legal rights as a married couple in regards to taxes/inheritance and all that sort of stuff. Civil partnerships were totally separate from religious institutions..Individual organisations can turn people down I think, there's no obligation for them to marry to someone. Same sex couples can just go to a different church that's on board.
The same hat? Like Jack Sparrow and Tonto?
I didn't know I smelled that bad... :(
It's ok, he's a downvote/troll account
Actually im not. 
Ok then, why would you say "putrid and disgusting".I thought you were a downvote account because you almost have -1000 comment karma.
Because it really is putrid and digsuting to allow gays to marry? to allow gays at all?

They can control being gay. It is a choice. You arent born gay. Come on.
Soo...what you're saying is that you could pop a boner by looking at another guy if you felt like it? Many lgbt people have been disowned/cutoff from their family and bullied for their sexuality, you don't really think that any of them have the option of waking up up one day and said "I feel like being straight today!" Do you? .As for the "being born gay" part, of course they are. Not like they have sexual feelings from birth, puberty/hormones bring that out for gay and straight people alike.
Black shoes with an orange outfit when it's not Halloween is style suicide.
Is it true she doesn't wipe her own ass?
That job hasn't existed officially since 1558.
Why the Queen, it's not like she had a say in anything.
All government business in the UK is done in the Queen's name since she is the head of state in a Constitutional Monarchy.  . She could veto any law, but in practise this would be unthinkable.
The Queen cannot Make or enforce any new law.
That's not what he said.
Finally!!! Geez it's about time you guys followed the Canadians. Eh
LGBSTQ
Richard Of York Gave Battle In Vain
The thing is, most of the UK never really had a problem with Gays, it was just the fact you had to find a church that was ok with marrying you. 
She really likes those shoes..
...from those clothes, girlfriend!
And nice stealing someone's image.
my word she does love solid color outfits
FTFY
The Orange dress has the real queen. Rest are decoys. You can tell by the shoes
Royalty Outside Yearly Going Between Vestments
It's Morphin TIME!
In spite of that being not funny, I got a question. What if Prince Charles or any other man/woman of the royal family who were heir to the throne would marry same-sex. If they no would try to conceive a child with the heir's genes would that child be a ligitimate heir itself or would the crown go to someone else of the family?
Why wouldn't it, so long as it was going to fall on that child anyway.
Realistically, the most chance of this happening wouldn't be till William and Kate's child is old enough to rule. Charles and Camilla are unlikely to have a child now, and depending on when Elizabeth dies/abdicates, he may just pass the throne to William..However, if/when it happens, he/she might be pushed to abdicate. If they don't, then as long as the child is genetically Windsor (and therefore child of the heir and not the spouse), they would legally be heir. 
If the heir has an illegitimate child it would still be heir?
Illegitimate lines have no claim to the throne.
Cool, thanks.
So would the child of a gay couple be legitimate since the heir impregnated someone he wasn't married to?
Ah I see what you mean..Technically the legal parents of the child would be the gay couple, as they would be the parents on the birth certificate. I do think the individual would be pushed to pass the throne, however I think it will be a case of as and when. If it happens, we'll just have to wait and see.
Thanks for your insight. I'm sure if the situation arose there would be some logistics to work out first. 
Ahh yeah no worries. The soonest situation would be 18 years from now, at least. And that would be if W&K die, and their child is married by 18 and wanting a child.
Roy. G. Biv... .Yep. Checks out. 
Roy G. Bell Biv DeVoe.  Now you know.  Yo, Slick, blow.
Gasp! She's wearing the same shoes more than once? Such a plebeian.
The last two should be switched.
There should only be six colours. Newton's spectrum is concidered to have 7 colours in it but the gay pride flag only has 6..Source: I can see the flag on my wall
Queens save the queen!
How is this funny
Bitch is looking ..
Yeah they cracked down on her wardrobe after that 'incident'.
Lets play repost George Tekai's Facebook account.
Title should have read: God saves the Queens
I can't wait till gay marriage is legal everywhere so I can quit hearing about it 
Aww - be nice to the old lady!.source- Colorblind American male who likes old ladies who aren't biggots. 
Pretty sure that if they wanted a same-sex marriage there would be a lot of pressure to abdicate.  It wasn't that long ago that Edward VIII abdicated so he could marry an American (i.e. common-born.  I think she was also twice-divorced which is something of a no-no).
I think you have an odd sense of "not that long ago", given that it was nearly 80 years ago. As in, before the second world war happened.
The world would be a lot better off if America could realize 100 years ago wasn't that long ago, and Europe and East Asia could understand 100 miles isn't really that far. 
For one, I'm British. Beyond that, my point was that there are different timescales things work on, and when it comes to changing attitudes, the last 100 years has not only seen huge change, but rapidly accelerating change. Sure, you can say that in the millennia that Britain's been around for, 100 years isn't that long, but that's like saying that in the billions of years the universe has been around, a few millennia isn't that long, true, but not particularly relevant.
In terms of England, history, and the monarchy, it is "not that long ago" 
In terms of history, not long. In terms of a change in attitude it's an age ago.
Yes, but there has been VERY significant and rapid change in the function and attitudes of the British monarchy during Liz's reign. For a start, the continued existence of the monarchy is highly contingent with being in the good favours of the public. If they became seriously unpopular, they'd be out. And it's not like Britain is getting . accepting of homosexuality.
They only just changed the rules so it's no longer the case that the eldest . counts above all his female siblings for the crown. Now it's just the eldest child that gets it. .It'll be at least several decades before they are ok with gay royalty.
I think that it's more a case of them never having any particular need to change it until recently, since the line of succession would remain male regardless. It's only with the new royal baby on the way that it became a relevant issue. Similarly, they're likely to change the rules regarding homosexuality if and when the issue arises.
There have been significant and rapid changes in society as a whole though, but yes, continued existence of the monarchy is mostly going to be popularity and approval. I really hope Charles doesn't fuck it all up. 
He was King in 36.  I doubt the Royal Family's attitudes on succession have changed too drastically since then.
I can't tell whether you'e agreeing with me or you meant to say "haven't" and are disagreeing.
I disagree..I doubt that they have changed their attitudes very much in 80 years. .I'm saying 80 years isn't actually that long when it comes to the kind of time-frame in which Royal traditions might change.
I think the way in which Royal traditions function itself has changed in that time. The monarchy is no longer fact. If the population were dissatisfied with them, which they would be if they made someone abdicate for being gay, they'd be out.
It's not typically the public that make the noises about abdication, it's the crown and the government.  It certainly wasn't the public in Edward's case..I'm not sure what this is supposed to mean.  Last time I checked the Monarchy existed.
I mean their continued existence as an institution is no longer a guarantee, it's contingent upon public opinion.
How?  The Bristish Monarchy doesn't have any "power" - they are Constitutionally required to be politically neutral (which is the other reason Edward was encouraged to abdicate) - they are just insanely wealthy property-owners and figureheads.  .They are about as contingent upon public opinion as Disney - except that Disney needs to sell stuff.

You shat on Fortune Cookies too, don't you?
Good for them!.Don't see why this is in . though.
It's a series of the Queen wearing the ROYGBIV color scheme over time, thus making a rainbow
Now even in England and Wales. Sad day. :(
No. Just no. 
Somehow I feel like you need to watch this.
"Gay marriage bill may lead to lesbian queen" - Lord Tebbit in .Lord Tebbit also warns that legislation could allow him to marry his son to escape inheritance tax.
Tebbit is a perfect example of why old, mad people should be put down.
Tebbit is mad. Rivers of blood and such. He is our far right.
I for one am delighted to hear of the nuptials of his forthcoming marriage to his male seed.
i appreciate the ROYGBIV
Why is this in .?
I thought it was amusing that the Queen has a rainbow wardrobe.
It's also just a repost of the top comment from one of the serious posts I saw about this.
Everything is . content, apparently. It's more appopriate in . for that matter, but oh well.
Oh no! People are becoming happy!.Quick, we must stop this tragedy. Joy itself must be outlawed.
I just said my opinion, thats it. You don't need to accept it, but don't be so ignorant.
Heh.
Now ., ladies and gents, is irony. 
ROYGBVI*
I think its more of a ROYGBdpL
dp-dark purple
L- lavender
as a man, indigo and violet look the same.
Not really sure what your gender has to do with it
Too true

The first one just looks like blue to me.
that indigo =/= the Queen's indgo 
That's because it is.
The Queen's indigo is purple... A little teal for my liking, but you'll find indigo between the two, and a little more blue..Edit: Since that was more of a turquoise, here is a 
no, that is the Queen's blue
Ohhh... see everyone called the Gamecube "Indigo" and that looks straight up dark violet.Where your indigo looks like blue..I take it back, I'm still confused
Indigo is blue, despite a sometime purple hue. 
Indigo is blue-purple, and violet is light purple. The Gamecube is violet, but a bit darker than most violets..Source: Google!!!
Relevant: 
Seam Foam is definitely blue IMO
I was kinda freaking out about that, thinking I was colorblind?! Maybe we are...
I still don't see a indigo listed.  
I think it's somewhere between Eggplant and Maroon, but fuck if I know which side of Plum it's on...
I think we could round it to plum then.

I'm most impressed that only one team was used twice
Downvoting the theft of . from an earlier thread..Edit: :%s/post/comment/g, thanks 
That's no post, that's a comment. 
Haha, vim command!
Just have to legalize it in Scotland and I'll be happy!
Don't worry - it isn't actually legal in England and Wales yet; and probably won't be for another year (at least until after the EU elections in May). The Queen has approved the law but it still has to get through the Government.
Royal Ascent is near the end, not the start. HoC and HoL already approved it.
Yep, but same-sex marriage isn't legal until the Government (the cabinet/minsters etc.) say so. And they're probably not going to until after the EU elections due to UKIP..I wrote a . to another post (sorry; theirs was more recent so higher - it's not that I like your reply any less).
It's . through Parliament, the Queen is the last step.
Yep, which is why I said it had to get through the Government, not Parliament; by which I mean the executive / senior politicians / cabinet. Some senior minister has to approve it before it actually becomes legal..The Marriage (Same Sex Couples) Act 2013 was passed by Parliament (Royal Assent being the last step), but most of the Act only comes into force "on such day as the Secretary of State may by order appoint" (section 20(3) of the latest version published)..This is a common trend in modern legislation - even when Parliament does pass a law there will be a "commencement" section which says that it won't have effect until some senior minister says so. It's yet another way for the Government to keep control over Parliament, effectively giving them a veto and allowing them to bring laws into force at the most politically-appropriate moment..For example, the Defamation Act received Royal Assent in April and was supposed to fix English defamation law (but it won't really) - however it isn't expected to come into force until November at the earliest. Sections 32-44 of the Crime and Courts Act - which included all that stuff about press regulation which was in the news a while back - was also given Royal Assent in April, but it looks like that will never come into force..In theory the Queen is the last step, but politicians didn't like it, so they created a workaround so that they are the last step.
[deleted]
I'm in Scotland and my first name is Sarah...
Hey, it's you! I remember when you were having a tough time with your family. I read the whole convo and every now and then wondered if things were going ok for you. Are you ok now? 
I'm fine, my parents however are still being assholes, my girlfriend cheated on me and no one but one person on reddit wished me a happy birthday. But I'm on holiday with friends right now so it's ok.
No.  She won't be happy until they legalize same-sex marriage in Scotland.
Happy belated-by-two-days birthday stranger :).Things will look up, I promise.
Thank you :)
I've got to admit, I never even realised it was illegal here. Is there actually a lot being done about it?
Not really Alex Salmond is too busy with the independence thing to care about it.
. Good luck in Canada if a democratic vote is so egregious it actually goes against your personal wishes.
Scotland is not a self sustaining nation, we won't be able to cope that's why I would move to Canada
It's like 36C in Toronto right now, and humid as fuck. The last time I was in Scotland it was 25C and half of Glasgow was running around with their shirts off complaining about the prickly heat. I hope you're prepared for that!
I've spent alot of time in Canada I know what I'm in for
We have the N.sea gas and whiskey, but that is about it for exports... or an explosive party
The North Sea gas is not necessarily Scotland's though. Scots seem to forget that when they talk about going it alone. Also, you mean "whisky" without the E.
That's President Salmond to you.
Except it is already planned that they will join the Nords.
the scots are the worst thing about Scotland, you really think one gay scot would want to marry another?

why does this have subtitles? 
It's being translated into something intelligible.
If Scotland becomes independent I'm moving to Canada
'mon the Scots!  You can do it.
I'll come too mate
i'd probably move to Canada anyway.
: Scottish started process before England and may end up with a better law.
The queen is quite stylish.
When I grow up I want to be just as stylish as the Queen!
*As a queen.FTFY
I actually think they mean the Queen, as in the current Queen. 
He means "a queen" as in "a gay person".
yes
She really does have a cute wardrobe.
Her Majesty: "Gay marriage? Why of course we should allow it! The very idea that a marriage shouldn't be gay is preposterous! I'm a very gay person indeed!".Prime Minister: "......right then, I'll just make...the announcements."
Yeah because the queen can pass legislature in the UK...
Your sarcastic reply is actually technically correct.

God save the Queens
Thank you
came here to say this. have an upvote, friend.
Why does lbgt get shoved down my throat everyday.  
just like The Last of Us, PS4 and Animal Memes, taking it in the shit pipe is just something Reddit is upvoteing right now.
Don't knock it till you've tried sweetheart ;)
Why would he want to try it? He wasn't born with a mental disease like you.
Ignoring the fact that many straight guys are into ass-play, does being edgy get you off or something? Just stick a plug up there and feel better.
Well if you just stopped paying for gay prostitutes, lgbt wouldn't get shoved down your throat.
That's not the only thing that gets shoved down your throat, eeeeyooo!
I was unaware you were forced to click the image, and read the comments. Damn you, reddit!
If your using a mobile you don't really get to see what's next. It just pops up when you slide the screen.
God save the Queer? 
Legit question here:  Is "queer" like the n-word, where LBGT folks have reclaimed a slur for their own use, but it's still considered offensive for a straight person to use?
Doesn't bother me. 
I don't think so. For one thing phrases like 'queer culture' have entered academic language (queer studies) which kind of neutralises the word in my book.
No, it's actually a very PC word to use. . is just a word for anyone who is not straight; gays, lesbians, bisexuals, transvestites, etc.
This is not correct. Queer is a term that encompasses a lot of gender preferences and gender identities that . the usual gay/straight/bi and male/female definitions.  It even says so on the page you link..It's mostly used by persons who reject the standard gay/bi labels or who do not identify as male or female..Calling a person who identifies as gay "queer" is ., and could be construed as offensive.  It's basically never used as a noun, and the only "very PC" way to use the word is when discussing sexuality or gender..Examples:  ."Are you a queer?"... Probably offensive..
"Are you queer?"... Possibly offensive..
"Do you identify as queer?"... Not offensive (unless the individual hates the term of course)  
Well, I've always used the term "Queer theory" for literary theories that have something to do with gay/bi/trans/etc things. Maybe that's not the same thing...
Ah, the joys of a living language.
Sure, in an . context, queer has a lot of meanings and can refer to a lot of different things, and would not be offensive..At one point many gay men identified as queer, when the term was first re-appropriated.  I have no idea if gay women embraced the term during that movement. .Colloquially (and presently), it's very different. Even though, academically, queer . include all LGBT* people, it's generally set aside from LGBT esp. in the real world. Hence why you often see LGBTQ.  Thus Q != LGBT since it has since become another differentiating term or "label".
It depends who you ask, but in my experience, it's usually safest not to use "queer" unless you're referring to someone who's okay with it. I identify as queer, but I only identify that way to other LGTBQ folks or friends I can trust; otherwise, I call myself bi, because it would be really jarring to hear most people call me queer. It's still not usually a friendly term.
Thanks for the feedback.  I don't think I'd use it either way, just out of respect (as a straight guy).  
Maybe this is like the difference in application between Oriental and Asian. E.g., Oriental furniture versus Asian basketball players = queer rights versus gay coworker. .And actually, that analogy seems to hold up when you consider the origin of "oriental" (over there, from the east) and "queer" (peculiar sexual orientation). They both describe a physical configuration in a non-normal way. 
Still better than LGBQTAK:NTSB:SUV. 
Thats my joke! I guess I can share it....
that has a much better ring to it
God Save the Queens?
He means God save the 
jokes patronizing the gays community above, we have to do something or redit will become youtube/9gag. if you agree you know what to do.
'Sup, ferd. 
Hey Ferd.
Lighten up Ferd. Just be fabulous 
I'm sorry, but the last two pictures should be switchde. 
heh. i see what you've done.
Actually the commonly used rainbow flag used to represent gays combines indigo and violet into a single shade, purple.  .So the last frame should simply be dropped. 
No she needs a new dress damnit.
Roy G. Bvi
Yes.
 is more of a palindrome I would say.
It's correct, Indigo is darker than violet
Lilac is not indigo, ROGBIF mtrfkers!! (That's in Norwegian, in English it would be ROYBIV, which isn't nearly as neat).
ROYGBIV. I thought the same. 
So glad I'm not the only one who thinks this xD
Fuck you and your LE EKS DEE
?.edit: got rid of the watermark too, pretty sloppy though .edit 2: personally I do like it the original way better though
awesome mate
What the hell. I rarely do this but... I think that post probably deserved 1 upvote.
You're too kind
TIL the Queen only has 3 pairs of shoes
I recall hearing (I think on NPR) that the queen employs someone to break in her shoes for her.
I'm counting 4. All numbers are from the left..1 and 5 are the same
3 and 4
6 and 7
and 2.
4 total
Spoken like a true Queen. AYOOO
Fun Fact: I know the guy who makes the Queen's shoes. From what I can recall she has one design that he basically remakes every time she needs a new pair, which I'd imagine is whenever she has to walk through a low income area.

No . sorry, but the last two letters should switched be.
 no sorry, but the last two letters should be switched
I'm sorry. I interrupted your conversation. So sorry.
[deleted]
Two of the worst jokes I have ever seen on reddit.
damn Canadians.
but the last two words should be switched, No . sorry
God, Canadians are annoying.
Not sure if deliberate accidental or
See what they all did was funny, what you said was stupid.
Sex.
Powerful you have become, the dark side I sense in you.
Hokey religions...etc.
What an ugly duck.
That duck is a bit green, do you think he is sick?
I'm not a biologist, but I'm almost positive that's not a duck.
try...giving it a kiss?
Maybe he was just the babysitter
Incoming basilisk. Prepare yourselves.
Isn't this how they made the basilisk in Harry Potter?
He's eating the eggs. Stop him
Amphibians gotta eat too, you know.
His work is going to have to deal with 13-14 Basilisks. 
i did i just snapped a picture real quick for all to enjoy
Who threw water on that nice young lady???
what i don't get is that somewhere a guy must go "damn she looks fine. Just my type."  .Who are these people that encourage this behavior. Food fetish is creepy enough but this shit?!
I probably would
*prize
I spent a really long time trying to figure out what op ment by price 
*meant
So close 
ugh i've had this problem all day..
sizing limits on my mailbox are too small.
use thunderbird...
In college this was how the university made us receive email on our student accounts. I hate Outlook so fucking much 
It's not Outlook, it's your school being too cheap to pay for storage. 
Same way with my lowes email. I don't get it. 
Just mark all read. That will fix the issue.
NSA has gotta hate reading through all of this.
Fuck Exchange and Outlook.  
It's directly delivered to the mailstorage of the user, so doubtfull they have scanned it.
I don't know if it's standard or not, but my exchange account at work has a 525 MB limit.  C'mon Microsoft, it's 2013 for fuck's sake!
why do people still use outlook??
Outlook/Exchange is pretty good in an enterprise..High-availability.  Journaling.  Multiple possible archiving/retention solutions.  OWA.  3rd party add-ons (bomb-proof encryption, branding, disclaimers, etc.).  Etc.
It's not as funny when I post it..Also it's really annoying when the school (in my case) gives you 20 MB of space and the spam starts after you go past half.
Don't worry, it's still not funny. OP (and you, apparently) don't know how to email.
It still links to the email server, so would still have the same problem.
Going through the same thing at work right now. Outlook is a butthead.
I know how to email. You just don't use the Outlook that the school provides. 

Had to save various emails, many with attachments that took up over 10MB. I guess that makes me bad at email.
If it's a problem, forward those large emails to a personal account and keep them in a special folder. Or, set up a rule to redirect or forward all emails to a personal address and bypass the space issue altogether..Or, if you do have access to the Outlook client, save the files locally, then access your mailbox in Outlook and remove the attachments from the emails. Keep the locally saved files in a special folder for saved attachments.
Brilliant.  Disguise terrorism plans and emails as "Inbox full" alerts.
But... But... I posted this last year ;(
I guess "Turning it Off and On Again" wouldn't help in this instance.
Why did the server Fuck up and send one of those notifications at 2:43am instead of the usual 2:00am?
Because mail queues
oh no argument there 
Hosted Exchange, multiple mailboxes, etc. Mostly used in office environments or old people that have just gotten used to it.
We use Google Apps. Thanks again for another set of reminders why that was a good decision.
Until Google Apps goes down..High availability my ass.
...relative to Exchange?
Relative to many large enterprises' installations of Exchange, indeed..We run fully clustered Exchange environment and failovers take a matter of seconds..I recall Google Apps going down hard a year or two ago.  If you require business-critical applications and mail then Google Apps will not suffice.
If you host Exchange yourself and are beating ., you are firmly in the minority. Congratulations, but you're hardly representative.
Well, we match that, and perhaps surpass it.  It's in our SLA..And I was not aware that Google Apps uptime was so good.  This is new information to me and clearly my poking fun at Google Apps availability was far off the mark..I'll also agree that we are the minority -- I was really just trying to make the point that there are indeed business cases where in-house Exchange is superior to hosted services in terms of uptime.
Ugh, I just got one of these at work the other day. Apparently we have a whopping 4MB of email storage!
Damn! That's almost enough for 3 whole pictures!
Enterprise storage is more expensive than any of you realize.
It's one of the more expensive options, but Netapp 1TB 7200 drive is "only" $1,200 new.  Just for the drive, not even counting the controller or the shelf.
Correct.  Depending on the size of your enterprise, you may be looking at something like ..  I know we have a few of these at my work, in multiple data centers.  These are by no means cheap.  When you are talking about 60TB of mailboxes, mailbox quotas start to make a lot of sense.
No one ever thinks about backups and recovery times. Or replication. Or performance. Or anything. Just "I can get one of those buffalo nas things at best buy for 100 bucks. Whats the problem? Why is my mailbox limit 1 gig? You guys are either idiots or just dicks."
ATTACHMENTS! DELETE THE EMAILS WITH ATTACHMENTS!.God I hate Outlook.
Haha, my school e-mail did the same thing! I only ever checked the e-mail on my phone, and because of how it was setup, deleting it off my phone didn't remove it from the server..I had PAGES of these e-mails, so retarded.
i wonder what happened on 7/11
Never forget.
i would like to hear more about these 'drafts' please
I love how you opened some of them, and for all the rest you were just like "fuck it."
Actually, these emails don't count against your quota. In fact, if you're really in a bind you can forward a large email to yourself with the subject, "Your mailbox is almost full.", delete the original, and it will give you that space back. Just don't forget which emails you've done this to!
If you add up all your unread emails including outbox, you get 1111. What does it mean. What DOES it mean?
This just happened to me last week, I found the best way is to sort from biggest file to the smallest and delete all of the big messages.
looks like they're slacking. consistently it's sent at 2:00AM sharp. but 3 random days, BAM! 2:05, 2:43, and 2:03AM. And again I say, slackers. 
When you configure mailbox quotas in Exchange, it will send these emails out. And yea, 2kb per email is tiny. Usually, I set the quota to about 2GB, and 90% of users never get close...but there are always those handful that insist on scanning everything to a damn TIFF, file, or they work in advertising and have huge publisher files. They don't understand Outlook/Exchange was never supposed to be for file storage.
The company I work for sells email hosting solutions, such as Office 365, along with other unlimited storage solutions. 
Employees have a 150mb limit on their mail box. 
Why did it send them all at 2:00 AM?
2:00am in OP's timezone is probably Microsoft headquarter's midnight.
Probably when a server restart hits that activates the sending of this message to any accounts over the limit. That, or just a clock that hits. They typically do it at around 2am since they know the servers won't be super loaded with people actually working (or in many people's cases, on reddit).
Actually its the Mailbox Manager Process, which is usually scheduled around 24h-3h. Ah, Exchange 2003 ... that one without any (helpful) antispam.
Our company put in some kind of spam filter..It emails you to let you know when it blocked some spam. It's hella convenient.
This is not spam.  Your filter would do nothing..EDIT:  But feel free to downvote, I guess?
Sam Houston Bearkat perhaps??
first: those email comes from exchange server not from outlook. second: these mails are so small that that even if you received 500 of them they would take only 1 mb.
This is my problem at college OP, I never use my student email now. 

Are you fucking retarded?
You have to be a QUB student?!?
Uh, you deleted everything else but those messages, look at the dates. It's not that repetitive
Why the duck are u reading this mails?
I always tell our users, your Inbox is a closet. Emails are like socks. Attachments are like wool sweaters. 
Methinks some archiving is likely in order.  .Trying to be helpful (if this is for work):.You really should clean that shit up before you get the title of "problem" user, if it hasn't already come up.
How are you almost full??? 
i think your complaint is with the exchange server or your administrator. outlook is just the messenger here. 
Wow, for a second I thought I was looking at my university email. Definitely had a WTF moment. 
No.
Seriously, fuck off outlook, 
I remember this happened to me at school, except the warnings were hourly. So I finish for summer holidays with a full inbox and come back six weeks later with thousands of emails all telling me my inbox is full. In my typical teenage cynicism I was all like "well duh".
sent: 2
The story of my University email account...
Who leaves 61 Drafts?
You do realize that somewhere there is the first one of those messages right? Why is this in .? is there a /r/Imanidiotwhoshouldntbeusingacomputer?
And now everyone goes to check their emails.
The 2 KB messages aren't worth dick in comparison to the 1000 Junk emails you haven't deleted..Hell, they're not worth dick at all. It's ..
Good thing you clicked on the 5 at the bottom, just to be sure Outlook was serious. 
You were over the limit when you got the first message.  My guess is you are a dbag who uses your deleted items folder as a storage repository.  Yep, deleted items counts against your mailbox size.

even less work than that - you can just search for "nearly full"
ABAMAIL!
It bothers me that they are not all at 2:00 
Why are those emails still in your inbox? Do you not delete or move them?
Because along with not deleting the quota messages you also don't delete anything else you dirty bastard. .Source: I'm an exchange admin among other things... Like a dickhead. 
I have like 4000+ unread emails in my Outlook inbox and it's nowhere near capacity. The account was also made in 2004, so take from that what you will.
Ignore all the upvoted comments and do what you instinctively want to do call IT. 
It's to troll the NSA, hogging their bandwidth.
What if they backtrace him?.The consequences...

I may have got you beat
Wtf. Read your dang emails. 
Those files = 2kb.
OE for windows XP had a max folder file size of 2gigs..
data wise this would allow over 1 million emails.
You are using something much newer than OE that is not a 2gig max.
This is your fault not outlooks 2kb email message once per day   
Don't blame the system because you can't keep your inbox clean.
I'm taking a guess that this is your school email address and you haven't checked it all summer...
There's an Exchange admin somewhere wanting to punch you in the face for that junk mail folder. .I remember when I was doing admin work at a dotcom people got MAD, physically MAD when I would clear their deleted items folder for them on a weekly basis.
Sorry, wall of text ahead.Story time:  couple of months ago I get called into a client because she thought she was infected.   I look at it and it is,  I image the machine and clean it up.  I like to send an email and reply to it before returning it, because people get pissed (rightfully so) if you bring back a computer that doesn't have functioning email. .As I'm sending the email I notice that she has a sparkly clean inbox, and I was pleased.  I send my reply and delete the email, oops stupid me forgot to perm delete, oh well, I'll just delete it from the deleted items. .My jaw drops when I open up deleted items.  I kid you not, there are folders.  I call her up and ask about it.  Her answer: "yeah that's where I store my email."  I explain every reason I can think of as to why that is an AWFUL idea.  I ask her to let me move them to the inbox.  "No, I need to sort through them any ways, so I'll do it" she says. .Fast forward four months... I get a frantic email "I_me_me, I accidentally deleted all of my saved emails" I respond: "no problem, just go restore them from deleted items."  Needless to say she was charged for 5.5 hours of me sitting on my butt reading reddit and taking care of small things at the office monitoring the pst recovery of her 1.8 gig pst file..Tl; dr customer disregards my warnings about storing emails in deleted items, deletes 4 years of emails from her clients. 
You can set a rule to delete those messages.   Our company policy had such a thing, but it was an empty threat, so I just have a rule that moves them straight to deleted items.
It may be an empty threat where you work, but I do tech support for a university and they will close your account down if you stay over the quota.
Same here. Been doing this for the last 3 years, really is an empty threat.
There is a quota to set when a mailbox can stop send and received. The default on exchange account is 2GB.
That's not a quota, that's the limit a pst file can get to before it starts to spaz out and fail.
No he is right, exchange defaults to a 2 gig quota.  You are right too though, some versions of Outlook hate large pst s
Try closing someone's account in a company. CLM.
It's only temporary. When you clear enough space you can send/receive again.
Oh, you mean they have enforcible quotas which prevent users from sending/receiving, not 'close' the account as you mentioned. Closing the account in my world means disabling/deleting.
Right, it's not because of 2KB warning emails...
OMG empty that thing....that would drive me insane.  lol
I'm confused why you're worried about a full mailbox when you haven't opened it for over a month
Clear your junk mail, man.
I hate you OP, please never call the helpdesk.
or you can remove attachments from old calendar events... lots of ppl forget to clean that up. 
Microsoft's way of saying "stop hitting yourself!".
1000 junk mail, 61 drafts!  Really...Although, I did always like people like you when I worked at the helpdesk.. People call me up and whine that they get this message every day that keeps bugging them about something or another then one day their e-mail wouldn't open because their 3gig pst file got corrupted.
And when you tell them to delete them, they call back a day later because they got the e-mail again...because they didn't clear the trash folder. 
No, the reason they call back is because they were storing all their important files in the Trash folder.
Different ways to blame the user:.Seriously. Look at this objectively. Compare it to Gmail. Something is wrong.
You forgot this one
Because you dont fucking empty your junk folder you fucking moron.
As an exchange administrator, you're the bane of my existence.
Your an asshole, clean up your BS mail. I fucking hate twats like you.
You're. FTFY.
Working in IT this pisses me off the most... Archive your damn emails!!
To be fair.. the admin should have set the users to auto-archive after a period of timd.. but I dont believe this is an archive issue more of a stupid fucking user issue..Source: i'm an IT Manager
Or just delete the shit and be done with it.  If you work in something that requires email to be kept for other reasons, that should be handled by IT..I hate digital packrats.
Yeah, I work in IT as well and had quite the visceral reaction upon viewing that image. 
Especially since it doesn't look like the person has any subfolders at all. Everything is just in the inbox!
I just had to deal with this again today..Dear user, it is not my fault that you ignored the warnings for so long that you can not now send a critical email. No I am not deleting your emails for you. And yes, emails in the deleted items folder are still in your mailbox so they take up room.
That is not Microsoft, that is your company policy.  The size limit of a mailbox is Exchange is the maximum size of the database which I think from 2010 was 1TB.  I have users with 20GB mailboxes on an Exchange server and run without issues assuming they keep Outlook in cached mode with the latest version..Microsoft hosted Exchange charges $4 per mailbox for a 25GB mailbox.
.Your IT department is not funded for that amount of mail, or your IT guy is a dick who loves to deal with PST's all day long. 
Same here. I have a handful of users who have upwards of 20gb in their mailbox. Talk about filling up stores..I work for a law firm so the attorneys get to have their way no matter what. Pfft..Anyway, how familiar are you with Exchange2010? Ran into an interesting issue over the past couple weeks.
Assuming they have Exchange 2010.  Exchange 2003 originally had like a 16GB limit on the entire database and it was only expanded in later updates where it can now go to 75GB.  I would kill to have a 1TB database limit.
Exchange 2003 was 16GB maximum, I believe it was SP2 that pushed it to 75GB, 2007 limit was raised to 16TB as was 2010 as well as 2013. 
It could go to 80GB, but once you hit 80GB the database will never mount again and the data is gone.
I'm not sure how true that statement is.  Dismounting the datastore and running a defrag on it typically frees up enough space to remount and clear some junk.  Granted, I've never let our datastore get above 80GB.
You could have white space and an offline defrag will resolve the issue, but if white space is gone you are toast.  Didn't mean to say your resolution wouldn't work..Well wouldn't say toast, I am sure you can find a tool to wipe data that isn't needed and remount for a mailbox migration to multiple databases.
Tell me more?
Random users have noticed severe lag in Outlook 10. Seemingly random with regards to which users have been affected (some boxes <200mb, some >10gb)..No caching, no OSTs..My first step with them is to repair office, clean registry, and quick defrag. That works most of the time..However, sometimes it doesnt. I've had to go ahead and replace their profile and it works fine..Not sure if it's something that creeped by via WSUS or if it's profile on local machine specific. Very odd..Thoughts?
Microsoft doesn't send these emails.
Bill Gates sends them personally.
start archiving, OP!!!!.JESUS!!!!
I'd like to frame this and call it 'Help Desk Job Security'
I.T. Guy here: ARCHIVE SOME FUCKING EMAIL!
The archive settings are such a PITA if you use filters.
But but but I need to have access to every single email I have ever received even if I have absolutely never looked at any that are more than 2 months old.  Archiving is just too difficult. 
Not so fast there guy. I had one user with several PSTs, each no less than 2.5 GB. He had at least 3 digits worth of unread emails from years prior. I ended up having to reimage the HD.
Serious question: Why?  I can see some pst corruption happening depending on the version of office, but I fail to see why you would have to restore an image because of a large pst?
Exactly!  Was SCANPST.EXE used to verify for errors?  I can understand if the user was using the older PST format but the newer one can allow for a theoretical 50GB size.  So I'm thinking that not everything was done unless there were other issues preventing the fix from happening. 
Seriously... Email is not a file system! It is not designed to be used that way!
How could you even have so many spam mail? 
He has not checked his email in over a month.
I get 8+ a day on gmail. If the mailbox didn't auto empty it would be more then 14,000 by now. 
ITT: People blaming Exchange/Outlook/Microsoft for their companies' Exchange policies.
The warnings also don't count against the quota..Also users are too dumb. I just set a retention policy.  
You mean other companies get more than 150 MB?!.Fuck these guys!
We don't give our users a limit. Some are over 70 or 80Gb. Then they wonder why searching isn't working very well. 
Why don't you limit them? This is what archiving solutions are for.
We archive the highest users now, but engineers like things a certain way and our culture is weird like that. 
We don't either, but we have a send quota of 5GB above mailbox size and send/receive quota of 10GB above mailbox size that auto-expands nightly. The quotas are to mitigate the amount of spamming possible between the time an account is compromised and our IT security catches it.
I only get 70 MB.  :(
My God... I thought I was being oppressed with only 500mb...
That's all we give our users. I'd love to give them more but I can't get the funding for the disk.
I now feel like a baller with my 300mb account
25 GB!
Your Employer gives you 25GB? You must be in heaven, i get 300mb
We have no limit, at least in IT.  We just get nagged every once in a while.  They archive stuff pretty heavily though.  
We don't limit
....I got only 100mb at my last corporate gig. Even the interns were getting 1gb.
They are probably on Office 365.  Over-subscription is awesome.
Interesting, . told me no one uses Office 365
I don't know what they are smoking over in . ...... over a million seats in O365.
Hate!
25GB is the standard mailbox size in Exchange Online (O365).  "Exchange Online Plan 2" is unlimited storage.
Office 365 Baby, 
Exchange admin here.  I believe I also speak for my fellow Exchange admins in the world..Fuck you.
Exchange admin here as well. I can agree, fuck this guy, however, it is not as bad as the "JUST GIVE ME MORE SPACE" hate messages I get......daily.
Yep
I had a user once complain to my boss because his mailbox was full and he couldn't do his work because of our stupid policies.  Turns out he tried to email home a zipped up version of Office to install at home.  Deleted everything from deleted items and the NDR when it failed but the one day Recover deleted items still bit him in the ass when I looked and found 1.5G in there.  Stupid outlook.  
You can email 1.5G attachments, holy mother? Who needs file shares...
non delivery report; so it didn't go through
Everybody needs file shares. Email is so incredibly inefficient. 
You don't limit email sizes?  
Yes, but in Exchange2003/Outlook 2007 cached mode it didn't hit the message limits until after it sent.  Than you had the original in the sent plus the NDR.
Are we talking about PST files that reside on the user's workstation?  As far as I know cached mode has nothing to do with the file size limitation.  There is a limitation depending on what type of PST you chose to use.  This is separate from the user's server copy. 
Ah yes - you sound just like an Exchange admin :)
I could tell tales of what is actually going on.  .I could mention that this appears to be the light version of OWA and is somewhat a pain in the ass to use anyways.  That you could clear it out so much faster if you just switched to a full view.  The user could prevent this whole thing by just not getting themselves put on spam lists..I could mention that the admin clearly fucked up somewhere by not having good spam filtering, which is clearly an issue.  Maybe they're not running a solid edge transport setup?  Maybe they need to do update their spam lists?  Maybe it really is a small mailbox size combined with a relatively lazy user..There are so many variables.  I could write you poems about the artistry that goes into a properly redundant, elegantly filtered, and well presented Exchange setup.  This could be a student at the University I work for and I could explain all the cool features we've implemented - remote device wiping, password resets from OWA, Lync integration, etc.  Or I could explain how awesomely redundant yet efficient this system is - 3 physical boxes, 3 mailbox roles in a DAG so we can do maintenance without losing connectivity, 3 CAS roles with load balancing to guarantee uptime and responsiveness.  The edge transport rules that filter so much shit out with the custom trickery I've learned over the last several years..I could show this student how much work goes into guaranteeing we never lose their data - server failover, disk-based temporary backup, tape-based long-term backups, burned optical media locked away if they come back in 10 years and want an e-mail they forgot about we can help them out...so much effort into a service that so many take for granted..But this all goes in one ear and out the other to the average user.  Because taking the time to clean up after yourself is too much work.  Hours of sweat, tears, passion, and hard work get put into designing and implementing these setups.  And what is our reward?."LuL - Outlook is stupid.  Karma plz.".So, yes.  I stand by my feelings on the matter..Fuck You, OP.
I had no idea so much thought and energy went into setting up and maintaining emails.  That's awesome.  The fact that it's so invisible to me as an end user also means that doing your job well.  
"I've seen things people like you wouldn't believe, attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion".Seriously though, whilst I . understand the lengths you guys go to (trust me I do) to get a workable system, taking the human centered design approach to software design I see the users as typically always in the right. Why should they be required to manually empty their junkmail / sent mail, why send a mail every day telling you you are about to go over quota. .It just doesn't cut it to point out your users as morons, they are the way they are, and believe it or not it is your job (which I am sure you get paid quite handsomely) to make their user experience as good a one as possible. Gmail seems to be a scalable system that irritates its users less, so why isn't Outlook/Exchange capable of the same level of experience? (a rhetorical question you don't need to answer that one).It's as usual - a ton of technology providing a mediocre service because no one thought about the tasks the end user is actually trying to achieve..I stand by my feelings too, that you sound like an Exchange admin. There's no need to be rude.
To answer all of your questions in one swoop. Email is a communication service. Over the years users have decided that it is a document and contract storage service more than a communication service. This has perverted email to the point where shit just doesn't work. .Where I work, emails can't be kept for more than 18 months, period. And by default are deleted after 90 days. PSTs are banned and that ban is enforced through group policy. And you know what, when we made that change helpdesk calls for Outlook issues dropped off the map completely. Making a better experience for users who are now forced to use appropriate methods for document and contract/information storage which is easier to use, sort, clean, organize, prioritize, catalog and user-manage than . email system that's ever been and ever will be dreamed up. .By making a service do many things you end up with a swiss army knife, it's a shitty knife, a shitty screw driver, a shitty saw and an especially shitty email system. By siloing services and forcing people into them you end up with much more effective and appropriate tools. They'll bitch and moan the whole way into the transition, then mysteriously go silent..Users don't know what they want and they don't know what's good for them. They are rarely if ever right. By giving them what they want you often make life harder for them while breaking your back trying to meat expectations..In my career I don't think I've ever given a non-technical user exactly what they want. I ask what they want to accomplish and then I provide the tool I know is appropriate to accomplish that..Edit: I added more.
Before I typed that one out I was totally staring at that speech on Wikipedia trying to figure out a way to make a parody centered around Exchange Admin'ing.  I realized I wasn't creative enough after a few minutes, so I just ranted instead..Apparently it carried across, though.  So I'm rather delighted..I 100% agree that users aren't morons.  They don't need to be technical.  All I ever want is respect for some efforts and a bit of cooperation so issues can be fixed cooperatively instead of antagonistically.  .However, I also think it is necessary to point out that Exchange is just as scalable, stable, and feature-rich if the admins take the time to make it that way.  Admins can be lazy, too, and often fail to take the time to figure our what the users want.  As an example from what you said, we've implemented scripts that clean out junk items, deleted items, and the like on a regular'ish schedule to keep size down and avoid bloat.  The trade-off is that, while on limited space, we haven't had to implement size limits that are attainable by a reasonable user..But, of course I have to be rude.  I'm an Exchange admin (I like Lync more, but I guess the title fits).  If I told you I was sitting here giggling like a school girl because my Blade Runner influence came across it would blow our reputation out of the water.  Then people would talk to us in person.  Unacceptable.
Let's skip the lazy for a moment and remember that most admins are hamstrung by nonsensical management policies and under-resourcing. 
61 drafts?!
I'm guessing its an 80's rethread sales guy who has no clue what a draft is let alone that he created a shit ton of them.
To be fair I have a lot more now after moving to outlook 2013 the default reply behavior being nested rather than a new window means if you click to read another email your reply window gets hidden and the drafts pile up much faster as you forget about them easier. .I both like and hate this new behavior depending on what device I am emailing from 
Socially Awkward Redditors only type out the email for Online Dating.
Empty your junkmail... Fuckn'ay.
Yeah and your calendar alerts.  A lot of sods like to attach files to their invites these days.
Probably never deletes sent items either.
I really can't for documentation purposes, but that's what archiving is for!
I'm going to take a stab and guess it's because of the 1009 junk emails that you seem to not want to erase.
On my gmail, I have around 5000. But then again I only use it for signing up to weird services I know will spam me with stuff I don't give shit about.
"that's where i keep the ones i might need later."
You have 5000 junk emails on gmail?  How?  It deletes them after 60 days.
By junk email, I meant emails I don't really care about. They are in my regular inbox..Most of them are newsletters that came along with creating accounts at various websites, and I simply never bothered unsubscribing from them.
small fry
drag some of them over to the new tabs, new gmail is the shit
That is an insane number. The highest I've seen my spam folder reach is 600.
pfff
Do you people not know how to create catagories?  Filters?   I have 1 item in my inbox and 20+ catagories.   Mail gets filtered as soon as it arrives.  Easier to keep track of. If its Bold..I need to read it.  If not. goto next.  I was on the inital invite list for gmail.  Adding everything together.  20k plus email.
I didn't think those that kind of number existed outside of Yahoo.
I'm paranoid that something will get past the filter.  I'm more comfortable just looking at everything.
But when the mail moves to a new folder its goes bold... just look for that and you know there's new mail to read.
I've had my gmail account since 2006
A thousand emails, how could that possibly fit on the server?! That's literally hundreds of bytes right there!.What is this, the 90s?
People still use outlook? What is this the 90's? I bet Netscape is your ISP
Also 61 drafts...?!!! He really has a hard time finishing his emails...
Trust me, that's not the way people use the drafts folder. It's for quick notes, and storing files without using some other online storage service. .The reason he's nearly full, is because he's got some huge files in the drafts. Something he's using Live Mail to store his porn/music/games... take your pick.
I have a friend whose account is like this. She can't understand why I facepalm every time she logs in around me. 
I've seen an outlook account with 60k total emails, 55k of them unread.
Mines like this too. After a certain amount of time, you just give up and let the email take over. It won, game over.
well what if one day she needs to enlarge her penis? what then? huh?
I guess the real question is why did you open 5 of them? did you expect to find something different in each one? did you keep opening them after you posted this? what is wrong with you?
My exact thought!
"select all"."mark as read".Then forget to do it for 2 weeks..Bam. 5 "read" e-mails on screen with a bunch of non-read.
And the one at the top?
Ah, didn't see that one..Maybe he decided to read one and figure it out? No clue.
Outlook will auto open the first email. There are 3 sections the first two are shown in OP's picture, the last displays the emails content. So when you click inbox the 3rd page is going to show the first email. Marking the email as read. .Edit: This is the Web mail version,  I'm wrong, please see below. 
Not with the webmail interface. It'll only mark it as read if you click on it again after reading another mail.
Yep you are right.  My apologies. 
No need to apologise. :-) 
Not all versions of Outlook has the "select all" option - those made a decade ago.
My school makes us pay out of our ass to attend, then uses this old version without the "select" all option, then you need to individually delete all the emails in the "trash" folder - no "empty trash" option either. Fucking scumbags.
well 80kB of quota warnings isn't why
And only notified once a day.  I'm not seeing the funny here, just someone who doesn't understand email.
The people upvoting this are all the idiots who have the same problem and never clean their inbox out, like the System Admin tells them too..Source:  I'm a System Admin
Did you just say "only notified once a day"?.
/eyetwitch
Would you believe it if I told you OP is a software tester?.Source: OPs comment history
More likely they don't understand the danger of overusing commas.
I overuse commas all the time,
but but, you are missing a point. a) it is retarded to continue filling the mailbox when it is already full b) other companies are offering free "unlimited" space. So, it is really easy to arrange that you never have problems like in this pic
I worked at a small company once as an intern, they had a meeting about how everyone had too much mail in their boxes and it was costing more money to host it, so they were all just befuddled as to what to do..I'd only worked there about half a week, I raised my hand and said "Why don't you just have everyone archive their current mail, then stop sending 1/2MB pictures on every Taco Tuesday email?".They didn't understand that pointlessly attaching a 1200x1800 picture of a taco exponentially expanded the size of an email.  The next day I came in and the office admin had printed hundreds of Taco Tuesday flyers in full color on 8.5x11" sheets of paper (great way to save money) and placed them on everyone's desk.  So of course, my team plastered hundreds of them to my cube.
Its worth pointing out exchange doesn't work that way..If I send an email to 10 people within the same exchange server a 10mB attachment, exchange doesn't store the attachment 10 times wasting 100mB of space. There's only one copy and the exchange server "links" it to everyone..Obviously if I sent 10 separate emails, that would be a different story.
Exchange 2010 does.  They removed Single Instance Storage because disks are getting so cheap.  At least, that's why they said they did it.  Our databases grew by 20-25% when we migrated over from 2007.
That can't be correct...can it? I'm no MCSE, and stay far away from most windows servers, but that always made sense to me..With the overcomplicated mess exchange always seemed to be to me, I always looked at that as one of its few positives.
Taco Tuesday sounds a little bit like a Office 'hell' tradition. Unless you enjoy it of course
well, you are rich and white.
Except that Exchange doesn't store multiple copies of the same photo in the Exchange database. So that doesn't really add much to the email issue. 
Not true as of recent exchange 2010 release.
no shit, I hadn't realized they changed that. 

Yea. We noticed our storage trends changed significantly between 2007 and 2010. Then we realized that SIS was gone.
I love how MS just assumes that we all have tons of disk space to throw at any problem. Like when Vista introduced the whole issue of your c:\windows\WinSxS folder growing to 40GB+, yea I know there are hard links in there but jesus man I have servers with a 40GB c:\ that run low on space sometimes. There are some things to cleanup that folder but I would love to not have to deal with it. 
I've tagged you as "Taco Tuesday Guy" ... someday I'm gonna see you on a Tuesday and reply with a completely out-of-context picture of a taco. .No one will know why.   Except Me. And You. 
sounds like some taco john's level shit right there.
and me... i've tagged you "will post a taco pic to richandwhite"
Yup, it's true.  Here's their explanation why:  
I'm taking the "funny" here being that OP doesn't understand technology. 
This isn't a service like Hotmail or Gmail. This is an exchange server in an internal company, so these policies are put in place because space is limited, and can cause issues when logging into different machines when the mailbox is a certain size. .And it's being sent out repeatedly,  because if it was only sent the once, it would most definitely be ignored. Annoying the users is sometimes the only way to get them to do something sometimes. 
i am very much aware that it is not a cloud service. My point is that it is countereffective to be having things like ."there is not enough space, so let's annoy the user into cleaning old emails and purging spam folder and wasting time in any other possible way that could be spent on productive work".when the question is hardware/storage prices vs. money attributed to the loss of man-hours
Actually generally this is good in an exchange environment because there are two different quotas -sendquota and -sendreceivequota. Generally the sendreceive is set to a higher threshold so the user can still receive emails but not send until the mailbox is cleaned to satisfy the sendquota. So for example if the sendquota is 1GB and the sendreceivequota is 1.5GB then the user will be able to continue receiving emails until it is filled at 1.5GBs but no longer able to send after 1GB. These reminders can also be set by the exchange administrators but we are going to leave it turned on for obvious reasons as they help us to avoid that whole "interaction with the customer" that we hate :-)
thanks for the info!
10 minutes a day is all it takes to keep your inbox clean. "Just give them more space" is the WORST solution when dealing with drives filling up in an enterprise environment.
Ten minutes a day?  Hah!  At most it takes two minutes per month to empty your Deleted Items and Spam folders, and if necessary, clear your Sent items and Drafts.
I'm saying for someone (like 90% of my users) who doesn't delete anything during the day. To determine what can be deleted, what attachments need to be saved, etc.
As a network admin who has people ignore these emails, become unable to send mail and then get angry that they were never notified that this would happen, I am doing some serious cringing here. 
It guy here as well. I've seen people smart enough to create a rule that auto-deletes the quota warning but not smart enough to read or comprehend the email itself. I feel your pain friend.
Cringe? I would go mental and put a virus on their PC when they leave then get them fired.
as an exchange admin, i feel your pain.
As a user who doesn't understand why anyone would buy, or attempt to support, Exchange, I have nothing but contempt for your pain.
There really isn't anything else that compares to Exchange from a feature perspective. Zimbra is starting to get there.
Compares to Exchange?  Hmmm.  Doesn't quite get you where you're going, crashes and burns....?
As an IT person, I don't know either.
well, i support it because i actually like the technology.  it is very feature-rich and works wonderful when set up and configured properly.  90% of issues with it are due to admins setting it up improperly..that and it's very widely used, so job security.
Yeah... sadly .A) People don't get fired for having a virus. That's .. stupid..B) I would have to clean up said virus.C) I am employed to make sure computers run well. If they get viruses, it makes me look bad, not them.But I get what you were aiming for
Humour is dead on Reddit.
You're certainly trying your damndest to make that so. 
Do I have to say "apply burn to affected area" to bring it back?
good old . 
I've never understood the whole "summer reddit" thing. I use reddit only after 3pm same as many other working adults and presumably high school students.
Well some of us are addicts.
420brave69me
Tetris master, is that you?
Oh crap, I've been spotted.
It's gettin' hot, Redbird. Pull me out. 
Its ended before it got bad.  I like it when a show goes out when its still awesome to me.  Its sad, but I prefer it to the alternative. 
I don't know either. If only there were other good TV shows. If only there were some sort of website full of like-minded people that could recommend other things for you to watch..If only.
I came looking for a Trayvon comment.  You disappoint me. >:(
So racist, yet so funny...
Terrifying. 
Photoshop.
And how is this funny?
The perspective of the photograph creates the optical illusion of a hilariously large seagull.
IT'S GOING TO EAT US ALL!!!!.And then shit over a whole city.
That is one big ass bird....
literally no one remembers this post? i even have an . edition of it on my computer...
All i could think of was 
IT'S GULLZILLA!!!
Watch out, Bird! That black guy is going to steal your wallet!
That boat is so tiny!!!
This would have been awesome if it was tilt-shifted with focus on the walking man!

Focus
Was this picture taken in Europe?  Because I've been here for a few week and the seagulls here are huge!
Aww yiss
Poor little Kanye.
That is the river Seine in the background and the boat appears to be the .. This image was taken in Paris at . near the Eiffel Tower.
MINE!
I, for one, welcome our new bird overlord.

that guy stands no chance
He doesn't need perspective, he's a giant bird.
This should be admitted into evidence for the "would you rather fight 100 duck sized horses, or 1 horse sized duck" debate.  
Yeah.. thats some shitty perspective. I cant even imagine the parallax of that birds eyes. 
Forget horse size duck, I want a house size gull!
One poop to cover him all.
Twist: that's a normal sized bird. (mind = blown)
The sea gull won't even eat him, will there be a civil  rights case?
Run away! You're walking into a trap!
Mine?
Finally, a very tiny person who can do the hoverwalk.
"Why Bilbo Baggins? Maybe it is because I'm afraid. And he gives me courage."
Well, I for one would like to pledge my allegiance to our new seagull overlords.
Kanye West is really short. Like Tom Cruise short.
Is that the docks near San Juan?
That's racist. 
You piece of shit.
That is a tiny person. Holy shit.
The Goodies!
Umm, excuse me sir, you're about to walk into a giant fucking seagull.
"Constance, how big would a bird have to be for you to be, like, super-scared of it?"."I don't know...like, a hundred feet? Two hundred?"
That's one tiny human
Anyone ever read .?
That boat appears to be just the right size.
Mine
The bird is white and the man is black. So what?
Would you rather fight one man sized seagull or 100 seagull sized seagulls? 

What is this... a human for ants?!
"I'll take a picture and post this on reddit." You didn't even warn him... RIP tiny man.
Welcome to Aberdeen, where the crazed pumped seagulls form large hunting packs and terrorise the f'n beejesus out of the schoolchildren at lunchtime.
would you rather fight one seagull sized n.goddammit. i know it's the fucking internet. but, i still can't say it.
What would you rather fight - one brachiosaurus-sized gull, or 10,000 gull-sized brachiosaurii?
big bird's white cousin
is that Cincinnati?
dont let it poop on you man. youll die.
These perspective posts are the worst. We get it... if something is closer to the camera it looks bigger than something that's far away.
This puts the whole 'would you ever fight one horse sized duck, or a hundred duck sized horses?' into perspective.
That really looks like Kanye West for some reason
The man, not the bird
O shit is this the inner harbor down town Baltimore? 
Exactly what I thought. Looks like the inner harbor.
Dude, don't walk under... DON'T WALK UNDER...
For the last time, Dougal, this one is very small, and that one is far away...
Wrong subreddit.
I too feel like this needs to be in 
This is just a teaser for the next SyFy channel movie.
SEAGULLS OF DOOM! 
 


That's so racist...
Depth of field...
I've seen him before!!!  
What is he, a black guy for ants?!

This looks like Paris.
It is.
Thought of this: 

Oh wow... This is MILDLY FUCKING INTERESTING. 
that is racists! jk
Are you saying black is inferior to white?
Definitive proof that dinosaurs had feathers! 
Oh, so THAT's how Michael Jackson became white.
That bird is racist.
White power!
There's a social commentary in there somewhere...
hah! this is hilarious, op!
Oh man...with those effects you could be hired by The Asylum.
So basically a horse sized seagull.  Got it. 
Invasion of the Giant Seagulls!  Film at 11.
u/AWildSketchAppeared where are you? 
MAKE IT RAIN SEAGUL!
Was I the only person waiting for a laggy gif to start?
That's a big-ass bird!
It is indeed a big ass-bird.
Up vote for XKCD
Shit dog, get out of there!
Acting.
One elephant sized seagull or 100 seagull sized elephants 
Is this... Is this some subtle racism? I will not stand for it!
That's boat is kinda medium sized.  Weird.
doesn't he know it's bad luck to walk under a seagulls ass
Would you rather fight 100 duck sized black men or one black man sized duck?
Looks like he chose 1 horse sized . seagull.
Its all about perspective .
It belongs here 
That guy is about to have a really, Really crappy day.
Kanye?
Can someone add arms? Where the hand does that thing where you pinch someone's head from afar?
You thought this bird was very large....Perspective.
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:

Thought i could come here, make a horse sized duck joke, and collect karma. You guys beat me to it. Dammnit. 
Has science gone too far?
1 horsed sized seagull?
Would you rather fight one man-sized dove or 100 dove-sized men?
Clicked it, automatically thought it was photoshopped, went back, saw the title and did a double take. It's not. Haha
I for one, welcome our new avian overlords
My computer loaded slowly enough from top to bottom for a residual affect. It was a shocker
the carpenters did a nice job on the seawall and walk way. you can tell everything is square and level by the way the top of the wall and the stones are parallel.
For too long has the white bird kept the black man down.
Too think that black people are actually that small.
I thought they were supposed to be bigger...
I for one, welcome our bird overlord 
As a person who is pathologically afraid of birds....FUCKIN' HELL!
I said, "100 seagull sized T-Rexes!"
We're all out.
The textures haven't properly loaded yet.

Photobucket? What is this, a post from 2006 ?
Nice!
IF YOU THINK YOU CAN JUST WALK RIGHT BEHIND GIANT SEAGULLS.BAD THINGS ARE GONNA HAPPEN
How the shit does this have over 2000 upvotes? Bots? 
Dear mr. Seagull, please eat him.
Is this from a horror movie? 
Dudes fixin to get pecked into the ground like a nail.

A . perspective :)
this is such an old repost. how has this been up voted so much?
Yep. The idea of a massive pigeon on the streets does indeed put my life into perspective.
That's a seagull
That puts things in perspective too.
Soon:  protests of seagulls by Al Sharpton.
I was told that the borrowers weren't real... Dammit mum.
Would you rather fight 100 dove sized men or on man sized dove?
So it's come to this.
That bird is small, that man is Far Away
So... it has begun.
that black guy is about to steal that seagull 
St Louis?
Sheeeeeeeiiitt they shrinkin black people now
The first thing I thought about...
Anyone else think the black guy looked like another superimposed trayvon martin?
In a land where ginormous birds take over the world....
would you rather fight 10 duck-sized horses, or one horse-sized duck?
Oh, fuck! Godzilla of pigeons!
Haha, get at me when you can string a coherent sentence together. The word "impotent" doesn't always refer to erections. In this case, context-wise, it means powerless/ineffectual. It may shock you, bot not everything is about your dick. 
all hail our new seagull overlords
Wow that is a bit bigger than a horse-sized-duck
Don't walk towards it. Run away .. Life is worth living
this is forced perspective

Haha! This had me in tears during that scene. Other people in the theater must have thought I was insane.
How's this funny?
You should have taken that photo when the man walked between the legs, like the bird is pooping out a tiny black man
OP didn't take this picture. It is a repost of a repost.  
When he took the photo, from r/illusionporn. I just saw it there yesterday surfing the top posts. 
Does that cancel out and make it original?
Can someone please photoshop that.edit: I gave my own try at it. 
Just for shits n' giggles 

This looks like the seagull is giving birth to the man
Wow your cleanup to the right is much better than mine
the trick is to use as much of what you have in the pic to hide stuff... erasing and cloning can only go so far until its noticeable:

That's amazing! And thanks for the tip :)
Has science gone too far?

I love how that was actually a paid ad, and not something somebody made for fun
 
There may be something deeper in the picture regarding race relations..Edit: for those of the thick head, this was sarcastic.
speciesist!!
Jesus christ, put a black man in a meme and that's all anyone sees.
Unless it's at night 
2deep4me
seagulls and squirrels will soon rule the world 
Would you rather fight a Black man sized Seagull or 100 Seagull sized black men? 
Uh ... am I in Florida?
Black man sized seagull obviously. Their bones would be pretty easy to break though you'd want to watch out for the beak.
Hey guys, let's mention his race for no apparent reason!.EDIT: Honestly, you wouldn't mention that he was a white dude if he was a white dude.
So this gives us some perspective on a horse sized duck 
What about 100 duck-sized horses?
this debate really gets too heated at my work. Lets just pray such an even never happens for either side, as the damage and chaos would be too much to handle.
That would be a pretty fuckin big horse, or a tiny man.
Regardless, this is why I wonder why anyone would vote for the horse-sized duck. That thing would fucking DESTROY you. 100 duck-sized horses? You could kill like twenty with one solid punt.
ducks are scary enough even when they're duck-sized..fuck making them bigger.
por que no los dos?
*por qu
ohhh fancy man with an accent mark over here. 
Holy shit! you speak English too?!
Damn that is loco! Surely nadie puede speak two languages a la mismo vez.
On Mac:.On PC:
No just that sentence and this one explaining it. 
Dude, 100 seagull sized black men would be perfect to start my 1/10 scale plantation. 

A gingerbread plantation.
You can't catch me, I'm Tyrone, mo'fugga!
This is the reason I browse ...Their asshurt is like . for politically incorrect comedy gems.
Politically incorrect comedy appreciator reporting in. 
You came here form there too? I also browse SRS for bestof material. Theres just so much in the reddit comments that its hard to find all the gems; its nice that the fine people at SRS are willing to setup the hall of fame. I just hope one day I can be featured there too. Till that day comes I will continue giving gold and upvoting the comments featured there
You are the hero that Reddit deserves. 
Truth. Subscriber to  both . and . reporting in.
Same here ;)
They can ban me from posting there but they can't take away my upvotes to the racists stuff. 

oh god my sides
Ah yes, reddit is racist without fail when there is a black person depicted.
I'm sorry potato bob, but a joke about slavery is . an example of racism. Please play again.
Too bad nobody called a white dude cracker. That's REAL racism, amirite guise?!
... are you serious?
Yes. Lighten up. There are plenty of real things to get upset about.
You sound white.
SRS invaded.
Aw, so sorry someone called out a blatantly racist joke. Go cry.
I don't care that people are calling it out that it is racist. It definitely is. I'm just pointing out why things are starting to be downvoted. You should try being less aggressive next time you reply to a random post :)
The downvotes are for a good reason. Can you point out where exactly I'm being aggressive? I'm not launching personal attacks or calling anyone names.
Did you just pretend he was upset? See my other comment to you, you are full of shit if you're saying you don't do any of the crap you're doing right now.

DAE racism don't real??
Typical white person. Tells black people how they should feel about racist "jokes." 
Typical black person. Thinks every white person is racist, and tries to make EVERYTHING about race. Way to go, giving your race a bad name. 
You're too sensitive. Learn to take a joke.
It's not about being sensitive, it's about playing devil's advocate. I'm just saying, when you say stuff like "typical white person", it comes across as pretty prejudiced and racist (unless you were being sarcastic, which is hard to tell on the Internet.)

Now see people, THIS is an example of racism.
Not it's not. It's bigotry. There's a difference.
Stop being so sensitive. It's just a joke.
Poor white men. So oppressed.
Haha, really? It doesn't have to be oppression to be racist. 

Like the . false rape accusation epidemic, and the huge amount of reverse racism because white people are so oppressed. /s
Does /s mean "strawman argument"?

I was hoping that this would be here.
Is that Harbonah from the Megillat Esther?
Everyone's favorite eunuch! 
Then think of more things

next level horse sized gull
[deleted]
It depends, what are you?
The only thing I could think of was the amount of shit one could be drenched in..

 

who took video of my ex-gf with other men?
dude why did you fuck a seagull
Harbonah sat at his computer, his eyes transfixed on the image as the rest of his world faded away..Unpaid bills. Unfinished work projects. The kids needing to be picked up from school. None of this mattered anymore. None of this . anymore. Harbonah had transcended such things. Harbonah, at least in the sense of a single entity, dissipated. In place of his mind, repeating forever, was a gif a man in a bird costume. It was the . thing he could think about. 
You dont know shit about bills, im a grown man and I dont need too see discussion about bills while I reddit. Get off reddit and delete your fucking account you twat.
calm down Bill
You...you know me so well. Are...are you the REAL me?!
[deleted]
Purus felis porta quis integer dignissim cras pede.
Nah, we just know everything about you. We know all about your . for example.
I was told about the Reddit Sleuths. Alas, I did not heed the warnings...
Driver's reply " if your pussy is as open as your mouth, I don't wanna"
Bet he did it because of that van over there. I'm not sure what that says about why he fucks though.
He did it because he's driving a Lexus and didn't want to get a ding from another driver's door. That doesn't make it okay. 
I don't have the free time in my day to write people stupid notes. More power to you, I guess.
Or he would be having a 3-some.
gary gulman reference?
Hamilton,  overpass. I didnt see the high score sign. Lol'd.
The ones around here only blink with no score if you do it fast enough .... I've heard ...
This is what you need to do

Where is that? That's a .... I didn't know they were actually being used somewhere.
Ha, I somehow didn't see this! I drive by here every morning on the way to work, live like 30 seconds form it!
7km/hr over the limit?  shouldn't be too hard to beat.  I would like to see one of these become an ongoing game where people travel to a street specifically for the purpose of beating the high score and posting it.
Pah, it's only two digits.
Can't believe they reduced the speed to 40 km/h from the traffic circle to main street without notice
Buddy of mine kept speeding by one of those every morning(giving it the finger of course). Ended up with four tickets and four glorious pictures in the mail.
I have a similar device on my dashboard. I don't need a second opinion.
I tried but all I got was "slow down" 
They just randomly decided to leave those barriers up on the bridge too. For what reason? Cycling every day in that narrow little lane is so dangerous.
Where's "AAA"?
In my hometown, people loved this game.  So they changed the sign to flash "Slow Down" when you're 10 miles or more over the limit.  They have no sense of fun.
Same here but for 5mph.
Same here, they've completely ruined them.
If you get high enough of a score, you can win tickets! Which are redeemable for negative money. 
The sacred one known ass 'uriner' (pronounced as "your honor") may come to congratulate you in a fancy building.
_
Creepy ass raccoons. 
I can't stop giggling like a school girl. The way it waddles off is so friggn funny
Pics are by .. There are loads of great photos on his website.
Spiders know how to keep it classy.

kill it with fire 
But why?.Calling 
Dude you didn't credit original taker of photos. I smell faggotry
Maybe they were attending the royal wedding?
Its like you put a water droplet on their head and they go from terrifying to adorable
Your comment is funny; I don't know why it got downvoted. =/
Just FYI, these are setup shots.  The spiders are likely dead.  Photographers go out and find interesting insects and return with them to a studio where they create these images.  The water is placed with a syringe, or sometimes simply sprayed with a fine-mist spray bottle.  
This post has killed my spirit
Look at the veins in his hands...I think there's more going on here...
And this is how we really look like.. . I'm in the front. .-Don't know who that idiot behind me is, she just talks like a baby and collect my poop. I think I must have won her as a slave during a drunken card game or something. 
How did you get my senior picture?
That cat is PISSED.
Poor cat
upvoting because of cat.
I see you included a cat in the picture...smart move. 
Cat: Kill me now.  Please..Him: If you don't hold still for the camera, I'm going to choke the ever-loving shit out of you.  <smile>
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
Fuck you and everyone who does this.  If you don't want to look at it, there are literally hundreds of other posts to enjoy. .The irony here is that you took more time to respond to this post than most.
Okay buzz killington. I've never seen it before 
and I hate reposts. these decay comments show that it's not only a repost but it's been posted literally over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over again.
When a post hits reddit, it might be lucky to hit the front page.  Only two of those had that potential (no guarantee if they made it), and they were both posted a year ago..Even if all of them hit the front page at those times, a VERY small percentage of the 4 million (yes, FOUR MILLION) people subscribed to this thread saw it.  Most did not.  The reason is that even when you do make the front page, it only lasts a day or two.  Nobody reddits every single day.  Except the very few who post shit like this..I have been on reddit for over 3 years.  I reddit a lot (reading . contributing).  And this is the first time I have seen this particular image..Have I seen reposts?  Of course.  We all have.  But most of us don't get butt-hurt over it.  We shrug off that 3 seconds of "wasted" time and move on to the next image..Seriously, you're complaining about... what?  That you wasted time on an image you've already seen?  .Seriously, just move on, and quit bitching about reposts..Edit: to be clear, I don't like reposts either.  But the only ones I hate are the ones that are posted hours after the original, ad nauseum.  Even then, usually I roll my eyes and move on.  Yes, I do occasionally comment on them, but I certainly would never take the time to go to karmadecay and post the results on the page, like some sort of self-appointed reddit narc. 
This is brilliant, you get the upvotes from all who agree, AND the people you insult! Love it.

I work at a pool and when this happens it is the worst thing ever.
Don't have to be directly under the canopy, you know that? If you want cover from the rain, the sun won't be a problem at that particular moment.
I'm curious to know how straight legs promote maximum shade. What other types of legs are there?
That's a big "oops".
This would be great at the equator on the equinox at midday.
Way to leave a lit propane stove unattended. Sun must've fried this family's brain cells.

It only works at noon.
ACME canopy shade. 
I guess the company does not understand the concept of Photoshop.
Since when does the shape of the legs effect the amount of shade?
Cooler is still in the shade. Working as intended. 
The sun - how does it work?
You use it at night for full shade... it's in the small print
That's the partial shade canopy. Full costs an extra $100.
The shadow is at ground height. Up at head height much more of the shadow would be under the canopy.
Note for advertisers... take pic at noon
This must suck when it's sunny AND raining. 
I remember taking a bad boy like this to the beach on a sunny day. I also remember having to move my chair every 15 minuets or drop one side and completely block the million dollar beach view. However, nothing was better than when a strong gust of wind would take the entire canopy and fling it into the faces of the poor beach goers behind me. Good times, Good times. 
Is the person who decided upon this shot, now working at Rolling Stone? 
Why would they use this shot?
Marketing tactics at its finest
What is this, a canopy for slants? 
Only works as advertised on the Ringworld.
That is a KMART tag! I work there. I know!
What concerned me more is how this is on the beach and no one secured that canopy to the ground. I guarantee that thing would be blown away if you set it up like that.
OP has got to be one of the stupidest people ever..I think you need a remedial science class.
wat
Set up your chairs to the right.
"Straight legs for maximum shade". Hmmm, would curved legs, crooked legs or gay legs not provide as much shade?  I'm confused. 
As a musician who plays festivals and park gigs a lot during the summer I can attest that these type of canopies are shit.
Commandment #2: There's nothing I can do about the sun.
At least they're honest. 
Oh hey Kmart 
Somebody doesn't get how the sun and light work.
Also, I'm sorry.
I'm OP, I don't know how sunlight works.
A Ru Paul reference needs to be made in here somewhere.... 
100 sq. feet of shade will only momentarily be accurate. Most of the day it would be much less, based on the profile of the canopy..Proposed idea:
The problem is that you're shopping at Kmart.
130$. Jesooosss cristo, what a rip!
Thats soooo expensive you can get them in the uk for like 20. We call them gazebos ( not spelt correctly)
Doesn't matter what brand it is, this will happen with any tent type thing. It's just the angle of the sun. Can't change that.
1st world problem
You buy individual "walls" that are sold for 19.99 each. They should be right next to the canopy. The walls will also have a picture of the full canopy on it, so when you see the walls for 19.99, you'll think its a super cheap canopy and you'll be confused for a while until you figure out just how badly this canopy company is about to fuck you. 
straight legs for maximum shade though, an excellent feature
Protip: when taking pictures to advertise shade, do it at noon.
Works great at noon and any time after 8:00pm
"straight legs for maximum shade"   What?
K-Mart!!!
God damnit Kmart. I know this canopy, this gets returned all the time at my store.
All you have to do is tie up some blankets, tarps, or tapestries and they will provide shade. This also does block some wind on the especially hot and stagnent days.
To be fair, shade can be defined as "shelter from light."  As the amount of actual shade below the canopy is contingent upon the landscape and angle of the sun vis-a-vis said canopy, the quantity can best be estimated by the area directly below the canopy itself (which is probably 100 square ft.).  It would be unreasonable to expect an estimation any other way. 
It is $110 more than I paid for the same thing in 1968. (Wasn't so good then.)
Seems legit.
I can't be the only one who also noticed the "straight legs" are bowing out.
You've apparently never been to the beach
Love this version from REI.  Has wind shelter pieces that aren't shown that effectively block the sun as well..Cheaper than that Wal Mart POS too.
Well, clearly the sun isn't at high noon...so it shouldn't be that big of a problem to hang a large tapestry on the respective side. .Or you can dip the left legs down so the tent is angled.
This is baffling my engineering mind. I can't see any correlation here; somebody help me out?
am i just an idiot, or does that say 10'x10' on the top of the packaging, then say 9'2" near the bottom?
And we can prove more than 100 sq ft of shade... nothing is what it seems
Am I the only one that noticed the canopy is 10' by 10' but only provides 81sqft of shade?
I would love to buy one of these but only if they came with walls that could be rolled up or down in order to block the sun. 

They should have moved it a few feet before taking the picture.

This is a dumb post. The suns angle changes throughout the day. If you don't know this go back to the cave you came from.
Get an opaque tarp or blanket and hang it vertically on the sun facing side.
My favourite part.
This may be stupid, but how do you get 100 square feet of shade from that?
10' x 10' is 100 square feet (10*10=100)
Aaaaand I'm going to give up on life now. 
To be fair, 100 square feet does sound a lot bigger than it actually is.
That's where my thought process was coming from. 
woo! me too!
YEAHYEAHYEAH!
$130?!? That's the story here. 
Why aren't they measuring in cubic feet?!.Edit for the downvoter: I mean c'mon, you're not just getting shade on a 2d plane are you?
I returned a very similar one to Walmart after it got completely torn apart by the wind  (seriously the metal was ripped apart). Good ol Walmart took it back without even looking in the box.
We take back literally everything but an empty package. We once had someone return a swimming pool on their 89th day (90 day limit on returns) and it was still wet, covered with what smelt like Vaseline. Store policy, hooray.
No T, No shade....
Time to buy a Super Brella!
Who makes burgers on the beach? Is this like a west-coast thing?
The other thing that is interesting about the advertising on these is that the 10'x10' measurement is at the bottom of the legs, it's the total footprint that the canopy occupies.  However, since the legs are angled outward, the area the canopy actually covers is less than 10'x10'.
I'm 80% sure that you're wrong.  The canopy top is 10x10, and the legs are angled to lower it closer to the ground, or to increase it's stability in the wind. 
it may vary by brand, but I'm certainly not wrong in regards to my "10'x10'" canopy which has a 9'x9' canvas square top with legs that angle outward to a 10'x10' base..See for yourself: 
If your legs are angled out towards the base, then you'll have a smaller area at the top than you do at the bottom.  For example, you could end up with a base of 10' x 10' = 100 sq ft at the base, but 9' x 9' = 81 sq ft at the top.
If your legs are angled out towards the base, then you'll have a smaller area at the top than you do at the bottom.  For example, you could end up with a base of 10' x 10' = 100 sq ft at the base, but 9' x 9' = 81 sq ft at the top.
Where's the funny?
If your legs are angled out towards the base, then you'll have a smaller area at the top than you do at the bottom.  For example, you could end up with a base of 10' x 10' = 100 sq ft at the base, but 9' x 9' = 81 sq ft at the top.
More stupid than the guy who does not see the 'funny' part is not the fact that the sun changes position in the sky (fucking .) but the fact that a company set this up and could not wait a few hours to take the proper picture..I would guess that is sunrise on west coast.. (ala Happy Gilmore)
Sun must've fried your brain, cause there isn't a propane tank anywhere even near the grill.  ._.
Straightening the legs would put the top higher in the air, which would increase how much sun hits it, which would increase the shade.  TYL
As someone who started working at KMart two weeks ago, I can also attest that this canopy comes from KMart.  I haven't seen any returned yet, though.
Shade travels in straight lines. Didn't you go to school?
no, I lived a sheltered life behind the curved legs of society.
I don't know how you don't have more upvotes. This might be the most witty comment in this thread. I salute you, sir.
well +1 for honesty in advertising! Costco has a similar picture with their giant umbrella. and I thought the same thing earlier this month, when the new coupon book came out
I would actually challenge that "100 sq ft of shade" claim as well.  Clearly if the sun is anywhere except directly overhead the shape of the shade being cast is going to change.. as is the area. 
its a stupid canopy stop thinking youre smart for challenging a dumb gimmick
It must be that rolling shutter we've seen in the frisby picture again..
instant: just add one drop of water.
well it's most effective in middday heat when the sun is right above. So it's useful for that..This is an obvious flaw with all sunshades and easily solved. Nothing against the product (although they could have picked better illustraition)..I'm surprised this got 2K karma to be honest.
"Well where do I get one?"
My co-workers still don't understand....
Best Marketing team in the world!
10x10 is the width, 9'2" is the height of the ceiling of it...
Great, all my tarps are translucent. 
You're looking at the box to the left of that one.  9x9=81  The extras of the 10x10 would be behind it, on the top shelf, or in the backroom.
No the reason for this post is the hilarity of the company using this picture to advertise a "full shade" canopy when it is clearly not fully shaded under said canopy. So go back to elementary and learn the definition of irony. 
Ehh...I don't find it hillarious. And I not knows what irons do with this.
Im sure you can find a ton more karma gold mines at walmart
It actually came from kmart
If your legs are angled out towards the base, then you'll have a smaller area at the top than you do at the bottom.  For example, you could end up with a base of 10' x 10' = 100 sq ft at the base, but 9' x 9' = 81 sq ft at the top.
We call that one a "tent".
At least the lemonade is staying cool...
They got there at noon, realized the camera was the wrong model and that they needed someone from HQ to bring the correct one.  At that point it was too late, the sun had dipped, but they couldn't be bothered to pay for a second day just to get one picture, so they ran with it.
Quite plausible
Wait, $129,99?
The lemonade is ALWAYS cool daddy-o. 
Don't be a square

More like 100 SQ. FT. Of disappointment.
Better 100 Sq Ft. of Shade than 100 Shades of feet.
I had one of these growing up. The family right next to us was always wayyy happier..
Decent canopies are surprisingly expensive. That's a pretty standard price for a no-frills one that size.
[deleted]
This one is made by Sportcraft. 
I read it wrong, I thought is was a one-day rental.
Wait wait wait, you mean to tell me . is selling something for notably cheaper than the average among other retailers? No. I refuse to believe.
[deleted]
thats the joke.
oooooh okay I get it now.
Yes, this is how the sun works. No, this is not how marketing should work.
You know, at first i thought, what a terrible advertisement, then I thought, you know what, that's exactly how the product works which makes it actually kind of great. 
To be fair, the light at noon is awful for photography.
Not a photographer or anything...but doesn't that mean a professional photographer shouldn't be taking photos of the shade at noon?
That's when you set the canopy up and put the chairs in the shade, but take the picture as if it looks like they're under the canopy still with forced perspective.
That kind of thinking is not going to fit into our budget for this shoot.
It's out of the budget to move stuff around?
You got to pay 6 union workers to supervise the new guy moving stuff around. 
Yo fuck the sun.
Might prove the point though.."DEAR NEPTUNE IT'S SO BRIGHT (and therefore) HOTTTTTTTT!!! Really wish I had a can of peas or something..."
Exactly.  I recently noticed the same effect on the box of a folding chair with a built-in canopy.  In the depiction photo, a model was sitting in the chair.  Her face was in full sunlight, obviously to make for a better photograph where you could actually see the model's cheery face, rather than her looking like some villain hiding in the shadows.  The irony is mildly amusing though, given what they were trying to sell.  Better yet, I think the best photo depiction would actually be on an overcast day where no shadow would be visible, but the canopy would ultimately be unnecessary.
UV rays exist on cloudy days!
Which of course means that people were more swayed by the happy model than the functioning product.  
Welcome to Advertising 101.
Exactly. .Well the pretty girl is happy with it, and if it's good enough for her...
If I buy the canopy, I get the girl! I'll take 8!

Binders included
Yea... That's how the sun works. 
Tide goes in tide goes out, shade goes up shade goes down. You can't explain that.
Magnets 
Diabeetus.
You either move your chairs periodically, or shorten the legs on the side facing the sun if they are adjustable.  Apologies to all those redditors who thought this canopy should somehow stop the Earth from spinning.
You mean to say that the sun doesn't rotate around the earth?
I hope GMOs produce an instant plant, it'll focus itself towards the sun but be a behemoth large enough to blot out the sun wherever you take it.
The funny part is the choice to take the picture at sunset and make your product look useless rather than at midday. 
What if you don't want to be in the sun during a sunshower? Riddle me that . 
How about we just stay inside?
It should...it really should
Or just stop lying flat on the ground and stand up into the shade....
Why don't they just scoot the canopy into the shade. Like two feet to the right
I was about to take a drink when I read this comment and almost spat it out over my monitor. 
Or just move tha canopy according to where the shade is
, the marketing geniuses still should have taken a picture at high noon
Exactly! This is another "perspective" shot. If you were standing on the sun then the shade would be under the canopy!
Or, set it up on the side of a sloping hill.
Or like, in the shadow of your house or a giant redwood tree. Side of an elephant.
Or at night.
That gets too cold, you need some sort of large, warming light.
On a sloping hill between you and the warming light
or just use spf 50
I think the point is, they are advertising about the shade... Yet the shade isn't where you'd want it. .Of course it's a little tall or not shaped for all day sun coverage. But you'd think the photo would have been chosen to best demonstrate intended use.
Meteorite umbrella.
Yes, and then we would have nothing to make fun of ...
Or just move the canopy.
Yes move the canopy to noon o'clock
Or just only use it at midday
Calculating for latitude and daylight savings, of course.
Obviously
Well...the picture is still laughable. Come on now, no one from the photographer, editor and who knows else, looked at it and thought "Ya know team........maybe we should have the shade ON the chairs"  ...?
Omg I hate athiests they can't understand god that's why their so angry all the time rite
Should have taken the photo during midday, instead of late afternoon when the sun is at that angle. 
Should have just photoshopped a shade where it needs to be. 
This goes against everything I learned in community photography college.  They always say, take photos when the sun is at a low angle in the sky, and to your back.  Now I'm all confused, and I have to tear up my 1 page (double spaced) dissertation.    Community College is hard.
Usually if you want soft cool lighting and your outside  you wanna take your photos at dawn approaching morning, warmer colors are in the afternoon approaching dusk. The harshest light and worst shadows are caused by strong sun the closer it is to high noon. This all only applies if your just using your camera w/ no flash or lighting/ reflecting setup. 
By default photographers like taking out door shots at "magic hour" because everything looks great.  So they book the shoot, and right away everyone sees the problem.  I'm sure they tried both under and in the shade and thought this one looked slightly less awkward.  They asked about rescheduling....But the client is cheap.  Because the customer is cheap.  Because their customers expect "roll back prices".
And that's why we can't have nice things.
You're right. Just move it over to the shade it's creating. That'll work. 
Use common sense. He obviously was saying to move the canopy so that the shade covers the seating area. 
Someone out there might just do that, keep on moving the canopy to where the shade is but then discovering that the shade suddenly moved.  That someone might also try to walk farther and farther until they reach the sun.
Pertinent: 
Holy shit are this many people really this dense? I don't see how you can misconstrue his suggestion so horribly. He's saying you could move the canopy so that it the shade IS covering your stuff. The fact that you (and apparently everyone upvoting you) assumed that he thought suggesting something physically impossible says a lot more about you than it does him.
Relax dude, it was a joke. 
It's not the end of the world 
I hope you were joking, because the answer is to move it toward the sun and away from the shadow.
But then the canopy will be further away from the shadow, you want to move it so it's on top of the shadow.
Even if it takes you all day!
All this talk of moving the canopy reminds me of a true story. I was once wrapping a Rubik's cube, but found that my paper didn't completely cover it. I then proceeded to turn the cube over to see if it would help. Felt so stupid after.
What I thought you were going to say happened was you had just 1 squares worth of space left opened, so you turned the cube so the square of the rubix cube so that a square showing a color matching the wrapping paper was beneath the opened space of the wrapping paper.
Sometimes what we say or do seems like a good idea in our head. .I used to work in a hardware store when a lady came in and asked for a gallon of floor cleaner. I went and got one and tried to give it to her but she just stared at it for a moment before saying, "Don't you have a smaller gallon?".I guess it made sense in her head.
That made me chuckle. 
He's saying it'd be much easier to move a ~10lb canopy so that all of your stuff is in the shade, rather than move all of your chairs, mats, coolers, tables, etc. into where the shade currently is....It actually does make perfect sense
Weights a lot more than 10lbs and it's usually secured to the ground because wind.It still makes sense though
I'm picturing a black-and-white silent film in which a guy - clad in one of those full-body, striped bathing suits - goes to the beach and has to contend with this variety of absurd physics..First, he has to move his canopy so that it's over the shade... but while he's doing that, a wave comes in and soaks his towel. He shakes his head in frustration, then rubs the towel all over himself, which dries it off but leaves him drenched. He replaces his towel beneath the canopy, only to have a sand castle spring up from beneath it. So, he moves his canopy again, but has to stand and stare at his watch (of course he's wearing a watch, and he has an impressive mustache) while he waits for its shade to move into position..And so on and so forth.
All while another man with a fantastic moustache and three-piece suit plays some good ol' rag-time piano in the background. The film ends as the man in the swimsuit gets frustrated and leaves. The pianist then picks up his piano with ease in one hand and walks off screen, waving at the audience..Bizzare Beach will be a major hit.
The man playing piano would actually be in the theater since the film would be silent.
Hey, this would be the world's most meta silent film if it were made.
This occurs while the ending strains of the film's accompaniment are still playing.
All you need to do is hang a couple of beach towels from the sunny side.  Source: I have this canopy.  
Just buy some kind of tapestry from any generic hippy store. They are bigger and much lighter.
  Seems infinitely better.
 you could stop being a pussy and take the Sun like a MAN!
You can also wave your towel in emergencies as a distress signal, and of course dry yourself off with it if it still seems to be clean enough.
or a bigger canopy
Or a tent
Towels, tarps, tapestries
Why do you hate the sun?
I'm white. I don't tan and the longer I sit in the sun, even with sunscreen, the likelihood of my getting burned approaches 1
Radiation burns.
And this also makes the shade area bigger!
lol if only it makes ur wee wee bigger everyone would try it (its a joke......dont blindly down vote......(.edit: lol ok....or down vote.....because u cant fking read the whole comment......i said it was a joke good lord
Etiam morbi velit eget at sit ad tempor libero per.
 
Fucking* penis* )* .Or dick, schlong, dangler, shaft, sword of cumming, pimp stick, tripod leg, stump, third leg, hot dog,polish sausage, meat stick. .Not like your mommy hasn't heard it before. Or read it. Why censor yourself?
No.  Downvote ALL the trolls!
it also dries your towels!
[deleted]
Turn the birds into Upvotes.
How is that relevant?
something about sand?
It's not..The person(s) behind . . post gifs as replies.  .They reply to top comments on front page posts, piggybacking in order to gain karma.
Not only does he only post gifs, but he posts mostly irrelevant gifts.
there's always shade under the sand
Confirmed, there is always shade under the sand..Source: I am a crab.

Damn you, but this one is perfect.
DONT FORGET TO BRING A TOWEL!
You should always know where your towel is.
I believe that is rule 42

No you're a towel. 
Well, you're a beaner towel
[deleted]
got damn these are annoying
what does this have to do with the subject of the post or the South Park reference you replied to? there are other places to post your opinions and random threads are not one of them.
It's a troll and the text is a copypasta being posted by multiple accounts similar in name to that one. Only now it has evolved and actually contains an image.
Oh, well now that you mention it that makes a lot of sense.
[deleted]
You are a fucking loser.
You're fucking retarded. 
Where's that at? I just see a bunch of people calling you a fucking twat wad.
Get fucked.
No, but your actually a towel.
DONT FORGET THE PASTRAMMMMIIIII.Anyone?
[deleted]
You're a fat whore and you have body odor
Don't understand how this fits, but I'm sad the authors of this didn't mention that the Pizza Planet delivery truck makes an entrance in a lot of Pixar films.
Fuck you 
Spam link.
My actually a towel?
Hey, it's okay.  He just made a small mistake their.
Wanna get high?
I was gonna block the sun, but then I got high...
[deleted]
I heard the sanitation department kills children and puppies. 
You need to change your Facebook bookmark so it actually goes to Facebook.
Jesus fucking shit, that copypasta evolved.
joking about getting high isn't funny guys
well your not funny
Good luck posting junior high level image macros in comment threads of funny pictures. I'm certain this will work out for you.
Yes, Yes I do want to get high..So how we gonna do this?
Is a blunt ok? Here .. Let's check out the river! I'm thinking...it's, like...ALL VIRTUAL man. Hee hee hee (8 ~
Gonna need a towel.
The world wants to know, did you two just make an obscure Crocodile Dundee reference?
If you want to get high and don't have a towel; you're going to have a bad day.
You sound high......that was a reference to my hero Towlie. 
Poor Dana Carvey, If only he knew of the future train wreck of a movie he'd be a part of
I would have thought of Garf....ield 
We fear change...
I would have yelled I love you man! 
a client? Are you a high class hooker?
I wish. I sell asbestos clean up supplies :\
wanna have sex anyway?
How bizarre... Sure why not?!
I was expecting Garth from Supernatural. I wasn't too let down though. 
My buddy Garth is a black man of Jamaican descent. We're 30.
I can't think of anything witty to say about Garth being in my username.
Your name wouldn't be Wayne would it?
I had one named Cornelio. I keep hearing Beavis and Butthead say "Cornholio, hee, hee" in my head.
If I knew or interacted with someone named Garth, I'd try and set that up as often as possible till they got it. To the point that Garth would think "What's with this guy and being frank?"
Oh God. 
POOP MOUTH, GET THAT POOP OUT OF YOUR MOUTH!!!!!
Good morning, darling. I trust you slept well. I hope I wasn't too much of an animal.
Did you use the line?
Is that Jennifer Aniston?
Sharon Stone.
Melanie Griffith
It's 
Excellent. Now list the movies she's naked in.
No, it's Eddie Murphy
No this is Patrick!
darn it, I always get those two confused
Was his name Garth? Or did you just call him Garth?
Ah yes, Wayne's World 2. It's a lot like "Star Trek: The Next Generation". In many ways it's superior, but will never be as recognized as the original.
All I can think of is "Hi I'm Garth from Global Saviors" 
As a Frank, I want to be Garth.
And all I could think of was ......

He's a dead man!
fun fact: my brother's name is garth...
I thought there was going to be a Fable 2 reference.
It somewhat saddens me that you felt it necessary to write that first "Garth".
And il be peter.
Schwing. Schwing, Schwing. 
I grew up in a very sheltered home, so I have to ask. 
What movie is this?
Shirley you cant be serious..
I am, and don't call me Shirley 
I actually get this reference.
It's Wayne's World 2. Ignore Ninjafishism.
I shall watch both, and I shall... "Culturally educate myself." 
Zang!
Today I watched the Wayne's World SNL skit  from like '89 when they had Aerosmith on..Garth: "I'M NOT WORTHY! I'M NOT WORTHY!".Wayne: "Garth! Take your Ritalin, god."
Do you have any Megadeth?
ITS "GOT ANY MEGADETH?" 
I'M SORRY I LEFT MY DVD OF THE MOVIE AT MY MOM'S HOUSE AND I HAVEN'T BEEN HOME IN MONTHS TO GET IT :( PLEASE FORGIVE ME.I even went as Garth for hallowe'en a few years back. I have brought dishonour upon my famiry.
Party on, OffalAutopsy.
Party time! Excellent!

"This cokes gone bad"
Wayne's World! Wayne's World!
Party time! Excellent!
"You're real squiggly."
"Take me Garth!"
"Where? I'm low on gas, and you need a jacket."
My favorite line from a movie.
"Would you like to have dinner some night?"."Oh, I like to have dinner every night."
"I bet you like to be in control..."
"Yeah, like when I was 17, my sister wanted to loan my Def Leppard. I said "No way!". "
If she were a president she'd be Babraham Lincoln. 
In France, she would be known as ., and would be hunted with only her cunning to protect here.
If Benjamin were an ice cream flavor he'd be Pralines and Dick
I love you, dreamwoman. 
fancy feast
Hey look - a drooling pussy.
What about the pineapple Trudy?!
so why were you looking up pineapples?
Pineapple:noun. houses for see sponges and small snails. 
He probably tried looking up synonyms for niggerfaggot 
There is a kevin hart skit in which he uses pineapples as his "safe word". People at my university quote it out of context as if everyone should know what it means. So its actually pretty understandable why someone would look it up on urban dictionary....Link for those interested.

The last time I saw this I laughed so hard I fell off my dinosaur.
This is probably the oldest thing on the internet
And for the people that don't know English, "ananas".
Ah yes but many don't know what a pineapple plant is.  Pineapples do not grow on trees, as a matter of fact they are a ., more closely related to Spanish moss than any tree.  At least 3/4 of my University students are utterly mindfucked when I should them a pineapple plant and explain to them what the plant actually is.

50 cent doesn't know what a grapefruit is.
thank you. was scrolling so long to find someone who says this
Try banana
Can you blame them?
Seriously?! Fuck you reposter!
thanks... laughing unexpectedly and eating don't mix 
But they're different here on reddit. 
Pain apples
So why were you looking up the definition of pineapples, OP? huh?, HUH? 
Well OP? The fuck's your excuse here? 
 (min 2:42)
I've never liked sentences like this one. Shouldn't it have started "You stupid fuck, why are you looking at the definition or pineapples?"
Seeing as we're on urban dictionary entries, 
But I wasn't looking for it! You forced it to me!
I feel like I have seen these exact same comments, in a thread by the same title before. I wonder if this is a sign of something.....
Now I need to look up obvious words to find funny definitions.
Pine... Apple....... Must be a prickly apple.

i think you mean . pineapples 
When my brother was younger he called them applepines because he was stupid
Clearly, no one here subscribes to ..
I wonder if 50 Cent knows what pineapples are.
. 

do people actually buy those mugs and shirts?
ananas
No not really, No. Not at all.

"If you want something crazy like pineapples I'll kill you. If you want pepperoni and bullets you've come to the right place."
- Arnold
Repost...
I find this sad. Since for the longest time, I never knew what Grapefruit was. Well, I knew, but with french as a first language, it was always Pamplemousse. I just assumed that grapefruit were... grapes, and English people were making it stupidly long to annoy me. To this day my boyfriend bugs me with this. (He says it was cute)
Given your mention of pamplemousse, I'm guessing you aren't ..
Ha, yeah, no, that and boyfriend. I wish I had 50 cent's money though. 
so why did you look up the definition of pineapples?
Derrick Comedy and Donald Glover taught me pineapple means niggerfaggot.
I was telling a joke to my friend in class in grade 7 once and the kid in front of me was listening in. I got to a part in the joke about a pineapple and the kid reels around and yells "What the heck's a pineapple!??!" 
brings me back to the original question: why the fuck were you looking up pineapples?
Well I mean some people don't know what . are, you can't expect them to know what pineapples are too!
Ray Comfort thinks pineapples where created by the Big Bang. Yes, he really said that while trying to disprove evolution. 
I'm still unclear what they are...?
I used to repost content from other websites on Reddit, but then I took a Zimmerman to the knee!
seriously thought it woulda used the context from Kevin Hart: Laugh at My Pain
 would like a worth with you
Probably looking it up on urban dictionary because of the Rick Ross song "Diced Pineapples"
What delicious fruit am I allergic to? FUCKING PINEAPPLES! 

Was looking to see if anyone mentioned this.
I should add the vid to my comment. Its one of my favorite bits by Kevin Hart 
The word "pineapple" in English was first recorded in 1398, when it was originally used to describe the reproductive organs of conifer trees (now termed pine cones). The term "pine cone" for the reproductive organ of conifer trees was first recorded in 1694. When European explorers discovered this tropical fruit in the Americas, they called them "pineapples" (first so referenced in 1664 due to resemblance to what is now known as the pine cone).  .In the scientific binomial Ananas comosus, ananas, the original name of the fruit, comes from the Tupi word nanas, meaning "excellent fruit", as recorded by Andr Thevet in 1555, and comosus, "tufted", refers to the stem of the fruit. Other members of the Ananas genus are often called "pine", as well, in other languages. In Spanish, pineapples are called pia ("pine cone"), or anan (anans) (example, the pia colada drink).
You have been subscribed to pineapple facts!.To the left please everyone, I piggybacked very hard to steal some of this person's karma with an overused, really crappy joke. 
He is just confused because he just found 
I know I was... I STILL am. What is the pot smoker's interpretation of pineapples?
In ., the upvote/downvote arrows are pot leaves. When unclicked they are yellowish, when clicked they turn green. So when someone would give an upvote, it looked like it was a pineapple since you had the yellow on the bottom and the green on top. The pineapple eventually became the mascot of 
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
6 months is really okay. 
It's never ok
Oh FFS! When is school coming back ?
You're ignorant if you think more kids come onto reddit during the summer. Why would kiss not come on during the school year? And OP posted 2 months ago, which is during the school year.
Is Kiss still touring? 
This is a repost from months ago when school was in. It won't change anything if summer is over
It's years ago
Thank you for pointing that out. People always bitch and whine about summer reddit, when honestly summer redditors are just as bad as the normal ones. .If you guys hate this behavior so much, stop setting a bad influence yourselves. 
I feel like most people who complain about summer reddit are actually the 12 year olds themselves. How can you seriously think that students go on reddit more in the summer? If anything, they'd go on reddit less.

To be fair, I'm pretty sure most Spanish speakers use "pia". 
a lot of my friends and i also think it's really fun to say piapples. it has a nice little ring to it, just like baaa
It's probably a split between north american spanish and european spanish.
Pie-knee-apples? Ba-knee-a-knee-a? You have wierd friends.
I believe they would be pronounced "peen-yah-pples" and "bah-nya-nyas" if spelled that way
yeah. it's even more fun if you put extra stress on the . i do indeed have weird friends.
IF YOU LIKE PINA COLADAS
AND GETTING CAUGHT IN THE RAIN

Good song, good song
THEN CALL ME MAYBE
YOU'LL BE IN MY HEART
In case anyone was wondering.
Is the inside of a fruit really called flesh?.Just wondering. I always think of animals as having flesh.
Actually, if Urban Dictionary weren't full of smartasses who think they're funny, the first definition should be "hand grenade, originally referencing the British Mills bomb".
Yum! I love pineapples!
A pineapple is also not a true fruit. What you are eating is a bunch of flowers fused together. 
Flesh is what you eat
"Pineapple" is Australian slang used to refer to a $50 note, as they are similar in colour. 
Never once heard that, maybe if you were talking about 'receiving pineapples' ie getting shafted at work that would be a different matter 
$20 notes are "lobsters".
I don't know what parts of Australia your in but I've never heard these things 
It's really common. I've heard it in Sydney, Melbourne, and Brisbane. Probably helps if you work with, or otherwise deal with a lot of cash money.
There lies my issue, my lack of and disdain for cash money 
There's that one guy, nervously laughing.  
Dude, they are. Look it up.
You're telling me that those aren't pineapples? What did I eat?
Are you eating .? That shit's poisonous!
technically clusters of berries.
It could also be starfruits, they grow on evergreens that are similar to pine trees.
That's a fruit? It looks more like an enormous nut.

[deleted]
Why have I upvoted you 87 times?
Have an upvote #fabturd.
EDIT: . again.I don't stray into the larger subreddits very often.
I don't think you've met Ferb..Look at his profile. 
A female one at that.
this needs moar upvotes.
blame 
Hey guys. Meet Ferd.
That's so ferd
Classic ferd.
Guys it's Ferd Hapley from 'Ya Heard? with Ferd!'! I am such a Ferd:vert
Sorry gents, I apologize for my brother. He can get a bit out of hand sometimes. Just give him the downvotes he wants and he'll be on his way * adjusts monocle *.
One time use novelty account? Nice.
You need to say something along these lines whenever Ferd shows up.
Whoopsy-daisy.
Reminds me of my mom, when my younger brother graduated high school as honor roll student she wrote "Congradulations Evan, Honor Roll graduate!" on the back window of the car. I blame the mothers for this one. 
They said that they're exploring it. The didn't say that they'd FOUND it. 
That is borderline genius if you think about it... Can you guys think of a better way to get a large amount of people to see a need to donate to a literacy foundation?
Jokes aside, litreacy is improtant!
That's right, we American imbeciles have no concept of art or the litre.  
What town was this? Just curious because a neighboring town of mine had a similar parade thing.
They were just focusing on the art, it seems. 
I guess they weren't creative enough.
Looks like their Mac Froze when they were spelling
That would be pretty sad if they fucked up atr.
"Litre-acy?  Do we sell litre-acy here?"
Waht's worng wtiht hat?
The color wheels reminded me of Mr. Flipchart in 
The study of things that come in liters. Like root beer.

It's supposed to say "Exploring . and litreacy", dammit!
I hope they have a good concept of irony...
Maybe they shouldn't have had the dyslexic guy put the letters on the float...
Had to be in New Jersey, didn't it. 
Metric spelling option?
Shoulda brought a map
This is just proof that you shouldn't cut their funding.
You wouldn't happen to be where the "Honey Boo Boo" clan is from would you?
They're gonna need a larger exploratory vessel...
Give them a break.They are just exploring.
Literally.
Litreally.FTFY
They're not exploring hard enough
They are exploring!
They litrally misspelled litreacy.  
Kind of reminds me of "Don't Hug Me I'm Scared" lol
Murica, fucktatds!
look like they're also representing the dyslexic floats.
Can I inquire where you live? This looks like the corner of a small town near where I live.
Give them a break. They just haven't gotten to spelling in their explorations yet.
I mean, it just seems really lazy to have not painted the tops of the erasers. Or maybe that's erased pencil...Hmm. But then how could you put the palette with pencils and not the brushes? That's psychotic.
It said exploring.. No one said it was a fruitful voyage 
they're still exploring, they haven't found it yet
AMERICA! FUCK YEAH!
But how many other people here checked comments just to make sure it was indeed the spelling 
Reminds me of Art attack :D
what county?
Hey cut them some slack. They're not done exploring yet.
I guess they must be promoting the metric system
And British spellings.
Exploring dyslexia?
This is art.  . wouldn't understand.
They're exploring them but haven't completely found one of them yet. lol
All i can say is goddammit
Well they make it pretty clear that they have not yet committed to literacy.
Litreally.
ive said it once, i'll say it a million times. dear america, spend less on war and more on education and health.
As long as they can spell "Dodge Ram", it's cool, right? Right?
Well I hope they are good at art.
Mostly art, I'm guessing. Maybe a book... but just one.
A colouring book 
I like how the Y looks like it was put on last minute.
They had to fix the E they had there mistakenly.
Well, I certainly hope they find what they're looking for!
its called a joke.
i don't know... This doesn't really seem like the kind of event that would have jokes like that in it
I wish it were, but they spelled it correctly everywhere else. Plus, this was for a club at the local library and it's a well known fact that librarians have no sense of humor.
Don't be silly, us elite Redditors are the only people capable of jokes or sarcasm.
[deleted]
Man I feel dumb. first read over I thought it said "exploding art and literacy"
"Me fail English? That's unpossible!"
"I love you, SuperNintendo Chalmers!"
Supernintendochalmers has been my steam name for about 5 years. 
And then reddit made you a shady rapist...
"Stupid sexy Flanders."
"Batman's a scientist." 
"so your saying im invincible?"
"no quiet the opposite the slightest bre-"
"invincible!"
It's spelled "quite"
*quite
that may be my favorite simpsons quote.  
Where are these riots, I want to join?
Hey a man got off for killing in self defence, lets threaten people that seems like a smart idea.
Is that miller high life he's pouring in there.
I hope there are riots, and I hope that they burn the White House to the ground. 
I'm upset about the case, not because he got off, because according to the law he should have gotten off.  I'm upset because no matter how hard I try, I can not for the life of me wrap my mind around a couple of things: Travon is a minor, Zimmerman should have acted a lot more like neighborhood watch and a lot less like a fucking creeper, and finally (this is the one that really bothers me) have we come so low in a society where getting a beating (deserved or not) requires us to kill someone else..People are rioting (or what the fuck ever we want to call it) because they don't have all the facts, or they do and they think the system is fucked up (which I agree with). Zimmerman isn't a bad guy I don't think, and I doubt Travon was at worst a product of his environment who responded to a perceived threat with violence (maybe he doesn't trust the police, which I couldn't blame him for)..My point is this: there is a lot more than a simple verdict going on here, not the least of which is the media trying to elicit strong emotional responses from everyone they can; mocking the people who are upset is probably not the best way to solve the problem and only does more damage than is already done. For those than understand the facts, try to explain them, but try to understand that not everyone is as well informed, or trained in critical thought as you. .On the other hand, some people will do violence upon others for any reason at all, and fuck those people in particular. 
You dont know what an actual riot looks like
Guess this guy hasn't heard about the NSA...
The worst my town got was a bunch of people dancing in front of a bowling alley with trayvon martin shirts... Didnt even say anything just danced... My town is pathetic
Sounds rather peaceful compared to blocking interstate traffic and (allegedly) throwing rocks at some of the vehicles.  I would say your town isn't the pathetic one at all.
2edgy4me
I think there is going to be  a riot in the comments.
Ise wants me a flatskreen an sum likker!
I'm not trying to be edgy. I just wish that this would be the impetus for change in America. 
those people couldnt care less about Trayvon,they just want to loot
Fuck you for not knowing.
Half the Redditors that comment on the case don't know the facts. 
Half?
So at what point during an attack do you have time to stop and think "Man, should I bet my life on this guy's restraint or should I do something?" If I don't know 100% that I'm going home after this encounter then you bet your ass I'm using the most powerful force I have available to stop it. 
This is the type of post that happens when you watch Fox News. 
maybe if you stopped drinking the kool-aid long enough to watch FOX you would actually have a clue.
Acting violent in the streets is only confirming Zimmerman's innocence.
Oh good! This will be my entertainment for the day. Better go make some popcorn and watch the comments flow. 
So, what are the facts exactly?
God, the original Jennifer was so much hotter than the replacement they had in 2 and 3.
Fuck yeah. 
Just shut up...they blocked a highway and looted a walmart in the name of trayvon..so much justice...no. Don't pretend like you know what happened either.. e. Jury knows 10x more than you and they found Zimmerman not guilty..so get your preaching ass out of . and go cry on tumblr or something.
They actually thought he should go to jail but they couldn't convict him because "technically" he followed the law.
Then technically he shouldnt go to jail
And he doesn't. The whole affair just proves that there is something very wrong with that law and it should be changed.
Whether he's guilty for not by law, he's still morally guilty and should be locked up for that reason. The protests are for a good reason. As are many protests.
 --
If we're basing things on bullshit moral reasons, he'll been needed as a guard at my immorality death camps.  The 60-70% of the world that just pisses me off won't kill themselves, you know!
i enjoy the zimmerman verdict because it proves that redditors are racist trash
How so? He was proven not guilty, all we know was there was a fight. Not racially motivated (the 911 call records prove that), as well as the fact that both parties were minorities. 
Yep, because Reddit is a hive mind and we all share the same opinions on anything. /s.By the way, using the term "Redditor" includes you, bro.
Fuck you moron swine
Why am I a moron? Because I didn't let the media set my opinion of the trial? Because I looked up the events of the trial on multiple sites?
because you think the media was trying to trick you into thinking murdering black kids is bad, those wily Jew devils. thanks for calling
Not a murder, self-defense. There's a difference. If I'm getting my head slammed into the pavement by some asshole, I'm shooting. I don't care what color he is. Afterwords, I'd feel like shit because I shot someone. But if it's me or the person attacking me, I want to live. 
that makes one of us
One of us? What?
The available evidence was not enough to convict Zimmerman of anything. Even some of the prosecutions witnesses testified in favor of Zimmerman. 
So is it a lack of evidence, or evidence that exonerated him?
Both. The evidence we did have clearly showed treyvon was an agressor at least at some point during the altercation. What we lack is eveidence on who started the altercation, which is the biggest mystery. Treyvon's actions are less critical mid way through the fight if he did not start it. but we dont know.
Both.  The prosecutor put up a shit case.
Really confused by how my neutral asking for facts is apparently pissing so many people off.
That happens here. If you dont share someone elses opinion, they assume you have the opinion of 'the other side' and treat you with disdain off the bat. Not inferring that that's what fireflyinajar was doing but that does happen here with some regularity. 
Thanks.
i don't even care about the zimmerman business but you sir, are wrong in the meme's picture (which seems to happen frequently on reddit)  In the picture you provided he says he needs fuel, this is the picture I believe you're looking for
i know you have probably never considered that you might be a moron, but i assure you its worth your consideration. 
Sacrifice the whitish guy for social justice!.Do you also believe that the more money you spend, the more you save?
An unarmed kid was shot and killed. That's a fact
What about the wounds on the back of Zimmerman's head? What about the witness who saw martin on top of zimmerman? What about the RECORDING of Zimmerman screaming for help which Martin's OWN FATHER admitted was not his son's voice?
An unarmed kid... Who was, at the time, bashing a grown man's skull into the pavement. Doesn't matter if he's unarmed or not, if I'm getting my head bashed in, I'm going to shoot. 
The prosecution did not prove this to be the case.  That's actually a fact..Yeah yeah, the kid probably didn't do anything.  But the prosecution couldn't prove that this was an assault - they couldn't prove that Zimmerman's story was false.  Sorry, innocent until proven guilty, that's just how our justice system works.  It's a pretty reasonable system, but it does mean we occasionally let a bad guy go free.
Apparently you don't need an actual riot to make a meme about one as well. This is dumb, NOBODY RIOTED. And I know some people referenced Oakland in regard some minor vandelism & blocking some roads, but it was incredibly minor; oh yeah, and it's Oakland! For those of you that don't know Oakland, think of the movie PCU except the setting is a city and its not funny; just people that are willing to protest any and every little thing. The morons that keep referencing the 'Zimmerman riots' are the stupidest kind of people. In the words if the great Bill Murray, "Morons, your bus is leaving ..."
PSG, the media refuses to report black mobs beating whites. You believe everything you see on MSLSD?
The guy criticizing links to an image hosted on tripod. Nice.
Can't we all just get along and agree not to kill one another
I'll tell you this. From now on if I am followed in the dark I will shoot first and ask questions later.
Just as long as your not touching . ground, we're cool bro.
You know what? I agree with this. From now on, if I feel threatened I'm going to lash out first..Worked for Zimmerman.
Anna that we both agree if this latest court trial has shown us anything it is that there is no justice
There's a nontrivial percentage of the population that thinks that basic view is fairly reasonable.
'murica!!!!! Well at least the south 
Do you think that an unarmed person can't kill you?
Maybe you shouldn't be stalking them, then attacking them.
Hmm I never heard that Zimmerman attacked Martin. Source on that one?
Do you think its honorable to kill an unarmed man with a weapon?
Do you think honor matters? You'll get to the (insert entrance to the afterlife you believe in) and there'll be a bouncer there who's like "Umm.... Yeah... No... You didn't collect enough honor..".No. If you live, you're alive, fuck honor.
It matters to me I don't believe I could kill an unarmed man and lols I don't think there will be bouncer who says I can't get in because I didn't collect enough honor maybe he will nod with respect though. xD
keep watching the circus folks.  don't pay those men with all your personal information any mind.  don't forget your bread on the way out.   
In NSA America, circus watches you.
true,
Such edge
There is a real bread and circuses thing going on here, and what the NSA is doing actually matters, silly pun aside.
Or you could stop being paranoid and realize this ha been going on in Amwrica since like, Reagen. 
*has, *America..I hate phones.
Well, first of all, no, it hasn't, given the lack of (widespread) use of mobile phones, and the non-existence of the web.  .I understand what you're getting at, which is that nations spying on their own citizens is nothing new, but the difference in technology is not merely a matter of scale.  Life is very different, and the prevalence of cell phones and the web make a real difference in the way we live, and not just the quantity, but also the quality of information that it is possible to gather..Also, it is inherently true that PRISM returns more false positives than true positives.  There is literally nothing that the NSA or any of their contractors can do to stop that from being the case, even if they wanted to.
The only problem I have with the whole NSA "scandal" is that people are overreacting. 
Trayvon Martin was a victim of violence! I know what we should do! Let's be violent out in the streets! Let's set fires, break windows, and storm a Walmart to steal and destroy merchandise! Yes! That will prove our point!.You dipshits.
Trayvon Martin was a victim that tried to kill another victim.
Riots? I see protests, not saying all are peaceful, but riots is too strong a word. 
Somebody wronged my nigga, so ima smash me a window and fetch me a new TV! Jamal, you go smash that other window and get us some beer and we'll set this injustice right!
Stay classy.
In the same way that facts were not permitted in the case?  Only the strictest interpretation of the law?
Nice reference, flawless execution.
I'm upvoting because I know you are being sarcastic.
There were riots? Where? Nowhere. That's right..Fuck yourself, racist.
I really would like this comment to be a troll so, I'm gonna laugh and move on.
There was one Walmart or some store where a few idiots broke off from a peaceful protest and broke some windows. I hardly call that a news worthy riot. 
It was, actually..Or was it?
I really wish it was a requirement to read/watch all facts and evidence of the case before commenting, and not just what the news shows for ratings. 
did anyone watch the daily show after the verdict? i mean oh my GOD. i was near screaming at the tv. did john oliver watch a different trial, maybe?
Look into the spilled hot coffee lawsuit vs McDonald's. You will never trust the media about a trial again.
That's my point exactly. I do not trust the news to give me the whole story about anything.
I think black people are immune to facts or something. 
By "facts" do you mean Zimmermans side of the story? Just because they were not able to prove him guilty does not mean he was innocent. The problem here is there aren't . facts in this case.
No, facts like the wounds on the BACK of George Zimmerman's head and the witness who saw Martin on top of Zimmerman and the recording of Zimmerman screaming for HELP which martin's own father admitted was not his son's voice. Then there's the ballistic expert who confirmed that the bullet hole in martins shirt confirmed that he was ON TOP of zimmerman. .So there's multiple witnesses, physical wounds on Zimmerman, and ballistics. What the fuck more do you need?
No it was equal parts. Travon had injuries from their fight, some witnesses said zim was on top, and martins mom also said it was him screaming for help. The case was weak because account differed..That's why they they couldn't be certain he was guilty. He's still a murderer and everyone knows the justice system doesn't care about morality its about evidence and juror bias. If it was a white kid in similar circumstances the jury wouldn't perceive him as the aggressor and tend to side with the shooter being a murderer. 
It's not just zimmermans side of the story.
Innocent until . guilty is law, at least in the USA. .Edit: Judges have to follow the law. They can't bring emotional or ethical matters into it. They're supposed to be unbiased. If anything during a trial doesn't follow the law ., that doesn't get counted as evidence. It's supposed to make the trial fair. .Jury can be bought. 
O.J.
What does this have to do with OJ? Please don't answer. I don't really care.
If you don't care I won't spell it out for you. Should be common sense anyway.
O.J.?
I think he is thirsty...
The fact that a jury of his peers found him innocent means he's innocent.
O.J.
Yes his peers, other citizens of the same country. Innocent until PROVEN guilty, that's the law. I hope you never serve on a jury because you don't understand the basic principle. 
So O.J was innocent? I want to hear you say it. If I was on the jury I would have found him not guilty due to lack of evidence (zimmerman).
OJ is legally innocent. Whether anyone is truly innocent or guilty can only be known by those with intimate knowledge of the case (witnesses), and even then only to a certain precision, or otherwise within the extent of the evidence present in a court of law..I'm not the user you were talking to, and I won't comment about my opinion of the case, but by US federal law, any person being criminally tried in court must be shown beyond any reasonable doubt to be guilty of committing the crime. If that can't be achieved - if there is any reasonable doubt whatsoever - that person, legally, is innocent. And opinion doesn't matter; if the jury finds you not guilty, then for all intents and purposes, and ALL legal purposes, you are innocent.
That is exactly what my first comment said. Just because you haven't been proven guilty does not mean you are truly innocent. Thanks for agreeing with me.
He was found not guilty by a jury of his peers. Innocent until proven guilty, he was not proven guilty and is therefore innocent. I don't have to say anything more about it, that's the law. 
You don't find someone innocent. You find that there isn't enough evidence to find them guilty beyond a reasonable doubt. As there were no conclusive witnesses and Zimmermann himself did not testify, there's simply no way that the jury could have found him guilty.
So by that logic every one that is accused is guilty its just a matter if they get away with it or not.
Our court system isn't there to decide guilty or not guilty. 
Edit: It only determines if someone is beyond a reasonable doubt guilty or unable to prove guilt. You could rape someone and get away with it so long as you say she wanted it if she went over to your apartment. He said she said is your go to defense and you'll walk. 
No.
Huh, I thought Innocent until proven guilty was a thing, when did it change?
When people on the Internet feel injusticed. 
When the media picks a side.
O.J

Just because someone is considered innocent in the eye of the law does not mean they are actually innocent. Suppose I were to murder someone and not leave enough evidence to prove my guilt. In court I would have to be acquitted. In the case of acquittal I would be treated as though I were innocent, but obviously if I were to murder someone I would not be innocent.
But since you don't know the actual facts; what . happened, you are basically saying that the law doesn't really matter and that while he doesn't have to go to jail that doesn't mean he shouldn't be judged guilty by society.
What? Nowhere did I even imply that the law doesn't matter, I only said that the limits the law imposes on itself mean that an acquittal does not mean someone is innocent. And I'm not sure how the point about being judged by society at all follows from your previous claim, but that's correct, for the exact same reasons he shouldn't be judged by the law he shouldn't be judged by society
It shouldn't matter what limits the law places on itself in terms of the court system if you believe it is in fact just and fair (ignoring for the moment that those without resources generally don't get very good outcomes)..He was found not guilty.  The reason doesn't matter.  The implications of somehow needing to qualify his acquittal are that he should still be judged by society, and you still judge him.
The limits matter incredibly. The limits are a critical part in keeping the system fair..Yes he was found not guilty. Yes in the context of this discussion the reasons don't matter. There is no need to qualify his acquittal, that's the whole point of putting the burden of the proof on the prosecution. Nowhere in any of this is the implication that he should be judged by society, and I do not judge him (unless you mean the literal definition of judge, not the idiomatic definition).I'm not sure where the disagreement is, other than that you keep inferring things from my comments that aren't there and that I entirely disagree with.
Are you talking about the text messages on trayvons phone that show illegal activity that was not put into evidence?
Well yeah, but zimmerman didnt know that when he chased him down
Is that why Zimmerman shot him?
He also didn't know he was going to be attacked when he got out of his truck.
When he chased him down on foot. Ftfy.Look I know you want to believe that he didnt, but why would a criminal flee then come back to fight someone? Zimmerman was already chasing him down when the cops told him stop. Use your logic. Who instigated?
He chased him on foot because Trayvon was walking in the rain, at night, BEHIND other people's properties.  Zimmerman would have drive through lawns and backyards to get to Trayvon.  .Zimmerman also stopped chasing when the operator told him to.  Trayvon went back himself and jumped Zimmerman from behind.  These are the FACTS.  Why don't you think this over again? 
The person that attacked first..What kind of tits-up logic would that take. "I'm bein followed better try to beat the shit out of the person following me".The bitter irony is that the people most vocal about race are the ones claiming racism. They are the one's pointing out the racial differences.
No if you run, you're not trying to fight. If he was dead set on fighting, he never would have run first, he would have confronted him on the spot
what kind of person? a gang member, people who like fights, people who like to prove themselves with violence. was treyvon martin this kind of person? fuck if i know, but to assume that no one would ever confront someone following them and start a fight is ludicrous. 
300 feet from his car? He chased him dude!
Yes, Zimmerman admitted he chased him for a little while, but he stopped when the operator told him to.  Trayvon then went back and attacked Zimmerman after he had stopped.  What part of this are you not getting?
Why would he call 911 when about to commit a crime. Look I know you want to believe that trayvon was a mild mannered adolescent but I think it's just as likely trayvon wanted to beat the shit out of George for following him. He was a " creepy ass cracker".
He wasnt trying to commit a crime, he was trying to be batman
He was trying make sure the neighborhood was safe. You don't like that? 
That is in no way relevant to him being murdered that night. 
Bullshit
The only really relevant piece of information in the entire case not from the mouth of zimmerman is a man testifying under oath that Treyvon was on top of Zimmerman, beating the shit out of him. .Why Zimmerman got out of the car is mostly irrelevant, that's not illegal. and that fact that it lend to a confrontation later is not really important legally. .The only other piece of truly important information is who started the fight. If zimmerman had attacked first and that fight resulted in the shooting death of Treyvon, that is at the least criminally negligent. But the fact that Zimmerman was witnessed in a potentially life threatening situation makes siding with the self defense claim valid. .It's funny you use the word murder, being that charging zimmerman with murder 2 was the stupidest thing to do. with such a huge lack of evidence it was clear from the start that proving the legal requirements for murder 2 was going to be virtually insurmountable. manslaughter was the correct charge to attempt to prove from the start. 
Head, smashing into, concrete. He rightly defended himself against a hate crime.
So Martin got out of his truck against advice, said "these assholes always get away with it", followed Zimmerman into an alley and shot him?.But I'm wasting your time, aren't I?  You listened to the entire case, THEN decided.  Right?
He didn't just follow him into the alley and shoot him. He was assaulted and then shot him. But I guess the facts of the case don't really matter to you.
Zimmerman assaulted Martin and shot him?  Or Martin assaulted Zimmerman and shot him?  And why is someone asking you simple questions warranting attacks from you, a 'rational human'?.You don't care about the facts.  You haven't answered a single question I have asked..Citizen Zim was acquitted because he felt his life was in danger after stalking and confronting a youth who up until that second was minding his own business.  If you think the justice system is better for this, then why aren't you happy?
No Zimmerman shot him because he was attacked and had the shit beaten out of him by a thug who called him a cracker. Personally I think trayvon attacked him because he was a "cracker". How is that for the racism angle?
You think.
If you consider that a beating, you've never been in a fight. I've been busted up way worse and never considered shooting the other person. I have shaken hands after worse fights.
The thing to remember is that it's not me. I would have laid trayvon out. It was George Zimmerman and he felt like he was going to sustain bodily harm or death because he was overpowered an getting his ass kicked. You might be a tough guy but when someone is bashing your head into concrete there is a point where you have to make a choice. Get your skull broken and face possible brain damage. Or shoot the thug who attacked you. 

He had a couple scratches on him. Having your head bashed in would result in a broken nose or a concussion, and he didn't have either. So Zimmerman clearly wasn't hurt as bad as he made is sound. Plus who gives a shot if Trayvon was a better fighter. Zimmerman created the situation and it was his own damn fault. 
Zimmerman had a broken nose and lacerations on his head consistent with his head hitting concrete. There was an eye witness that said trayvon was on top. There are pictures. There is audio of George screaming help. The evidence is there. 
Zimmerman stopped chasing Trayvon when the operator told him he didn't need to.  Trayvon went back himself and jumped Zimmerman from behind.
Pussy with a gun shouldn't play cop. Shouldn't have been given a permit to carry a concealed weapon. He is like one of those semi retarded guys you might have known in school. Functionally retarded. I don't think his life was in danger, but I guess he did. I wouldn't charge him with murder, but manslaughter isn't unreasonable..If you accidentally kill somebody because you are stupid or reckless, you normally get charged with manslaughter. I'm a big believer in our right to own guns, but going back to the wild west is a step in the wrong direction..Nobody needed to die that day. Call the cops, then carry on. Let a trained professional handle it. If you go looking for trouble, you'll probably find it. Even if Trayvon was up to no good, he didn't deserve the death penalty.
did any of your assailants say "You're going to die tonight". Cuz if treyvon did actually say that shit, that's scary shit in that situation. 
Not those exact words, but I'm gonna kill you has been said. Usually hyperbole. Intimidation often helps you get the other hand because most people are scared going into a fight. It's like in Fight Club when they are assigned to start a fight with a complete stranger. People will avoid it, unless they feel threatened. I bet Trayvon felt threatened by a stranger stalking him in a car.
Did they have you on the ground, full mount, beating your face in when they said it? because that's also a relevant component to the Zimmerman comparison. 
I think what the evidence supports. Like a rational human. 
Case closed.  Here's a truck and a gun.  Go looking for thugs committing hate crimes.
You may not have noticed but the case is closed. 
You see it as one case.  I grew up with more diversity.
Riots? please every year when some random college wins LaCrosse or competitive knitting you get more violence than this. Zimmerman's supporters and people that throw he word "niggers " anonymously on the net want riots. A young man was stalked and killed. His killer was set free. If people don't demonstrate against that what the fuck is freedom of assembly for?
So because other people get more violent means this violence is okay?  What?
No, it means that people are frustrated and have a system of government that does not recognize, or at least the perception that it does not recognize, the problems and concerns of large groups of it's citizens. Protest, demonstrations, and yes even riots are sometime the only way people in these situations can feel like authority even notices them. 
What does smashing windows in Oakland have to do with Stand Your Ground laws in Florida? 
It makes the news doesn't it? A peaceful gathering of a few dozen or even hundred angry people doesn't make the news, break a  few windows though and suddenly people are talking about the fact that some people are upset with the direction this country is going in. .It's not logical, ideal, or even necessarily helpful to there cause but anger rarely is. Sometime you just need to set the world on fire, however you can.
There is a fine line between holding a protest, maybe gathering at a central park or outside the town hall, have some high profile people in the community make speeches etc. vs. people going through town looking, rioting and damaging public property. Going out and destroying public property and creating mayhem isn't suddenly going to over turn a bad decision reached by a jury.
Stalked and killed?  Yet another person who didn't bother to read the facts or watch the trial.  Trayvon attacked him, it's been proven beyond any reasonable doubt in a court of law.  But, that is less important than "MY FEELINGS", right? 
Just because someone believes Zimmerman is guilty doesn't mean they don't know the facts -_- At the end of the day imo this case should have began and ended with the police telling him not to follow trayvon and him ignoring that resulting in trayvon's death. But that's just me having a different opinion. Sorry if that makes me an ignorant piece of shit.
Yes, stalked and killed. Zimmerman was told by police several times to not pursue Trayvon, but he did anyway. Trayvon knew he was being followed, and was frightened. Honestly, under Florida laws this justifies Trayvon's actions if he did attack Zimmerman (which I'm not sure of), and makes Zimmerman's actions unjustified, i.e. killing an unarmed seventeen year old boy, who had somehow apparently overpowered a man that is somewhat built like a football player. The only way I see Trayvon overpowering Zimmerman was if he got the jump on him, and we know that he didn't happen since he was the one being followed in the middle of the night. .Then you have the phone calls from residents calling the police, in which you can hear Trayvon calling for help for at least thirty seconds before a gunshot silences him. Care to explain? 
Haha are you serious?? You can't be justified in assaulting someone who you "suspect" of following you, especially when you're in their neighborhood. You're blindly stupid.
Under Florida laws, it was justified. And why quote "suspect"? We know he was following him.
What? No, you're a fucking dumbass, you can't beat the shit out of someone walking around their own neighborhood. 
You don't know Florida laws, do you?  They state that you are able to use any force necessary, even taking a life, if you feel that your life is in danger.  Trayvon did.  That means, by law, if he did attack Zimmerman, that his attack was justified. .And he didn't simply attack Zimmerman, Zimmerman was the one stalking him at night ..
I'm well aware of Stand your ground, I live in a stand your ground state.  No court in the world would accept Zimmerman's actions as life threatening
It doesn't matter what the court would see it as, as the law states that a person may justifiably use force in self-defense when there is reasonable belief of an unlawful threat.  Trayvon thought his life was in danger. .Are you saying you wouldn't have found his actions life threatening, were you the one he was stalking?  
An armed man followed an unarmed teenager (after being told by the police not to), confronted him, and then responded with lethal force when the teenager reacted to his provocation.  I'm not saying what Trayvon Martin did was right, or that he was a saint, but he was provoked and he did not deserve to lose his life..As far as the outcome of the trial, it may have not been murder but that's why the lesser charge of . was included.
A 911 operator is not the police, she has no authority to order anyone to do anything.  The kid attacked him first, as determined by the audio and witnessess.  
No.  That's not what was determined.  What was determined is that a reasonable person could doubt that George Zimmerman did not fear for his life after the altercation began.
Wrong.  Check facts before you talk.  
The result of the trial can be seen in my comment above.  Nothing else, by the letter of the law or contents of the verdict, has been determined.  .Also, even if you have to speculate, what, in your opion is, for Zimmerman, the best case reason Martin attacked him?
It's pretty obvious.  Trayvon was a thug, he didn't like this "cracker" following him, so he got in his face.  Trayvon's culture taught him that being a tough guy and not backing down is the only way to live.  If you don't think that's plausible, you've never walked down the street in the ghetto.  
Even in that scenario, one person still had a gun while following another person who really wasn't doing anything wrong until he was confronted..And how, really, does that idea of not backing down differ from Zimmerman's or from the general idea of stand your ground?  And yes, I know stand your ground was not used by Zimmerman's legal team.
It wasn't an order, but it was stupid for him to ignore it.  Also, how can you be . of a police officer "standing his ground" when he felt threatened by a rottweiler, but so dismissive when a human being lost their life because some untrained neighborhood watch leader felt they looked "suspicious".
I feel a lot worse for the dog than I do Trayvon.  
It does, since that was brought up in court and declared to be a non-issue.  A 911 operator has no legal authority to order people to do anything.  Again, this was all debated and discussed weeks ago.
Uh, about 10 experts and witnessess agreed it was Zimmerman on the tape calling for help.  This was brought up in the trial.  If you didn't watch the trial, you have no cause to be arguing anything.  
There were no visual witnesses, until after Trayvon was killed.  All we have during the struggle is audio.  .And I'll concede that it could have been Zimmerman, even though experts themselves had a rather rough time coming to a conclusion one way or the other.  But what is important, is what caused the struggle in the first place.  If Trayvon simply attacked Zimmerman out of the blue, then yes, Zimmerman by law (I don't agree with these laws) had every right to kill him.  But, if Trayvon attacked from fright of a man following him at night, then Zimmerman had no right to shoot him; he was the one following Trayvon, he was the one that didn't keep his distance, and he was the one that would have caused the distress in the first place, if this is how things transpired.  
It has not been proven beyond a reasonable doubt that Trayvon attacked him.  It's very probable that Trayvon was winning the fight and was on top of Zimmerman when Zimmerman shot him, but that's about it as far as what we know..I don't think there was enough evidence to convict Zimmerman of anything, especially considering that Florida's ridiculous laws specifically exclude adding any sort of extra responsibility for a person carrying a deadly weapon... but we really don't know what actually happened that night because we have the word of one person vs no word at all from a dead person that doesn't get to tell his side. 
It seems pro gun enthusiasts are taking Zimmermans side only to support stand your ground laws. At least I hope its not for any other reason.   
It was proven that Trayvon attacked first, multiple witnessess agreed.  Trayvon's father even said it wasn't in the police station, and then prejured himself at the trial by lying about it..What you think doesn't matter, since you didn't watch the trial and have no knowledge of the facts.
What is your personal opinion of the reason that Trayvon started the fight?
what witness saw the start of the fight?
WATCH THE FUCKING TRIAL
What riots? There weren't any riots.
The word riot might be a little strong. But ., ., and . doesn't exactly constitute a peaceful demonstration.
I wonder why you got downvoted on this post and upvoted on the other one. Is it because it's repeated?.Not trying to sound sarcastic or anything. I'm actually pretty curious.
there were no riots.  .facts? when we shitpost we dont need facts.
you mad brah? >:D
Huh? In LA there definitely were.
Ah, ignorance and selective memory
i like how gun nut zimmerman apologists always say shit like this and then never give any specifics.  what am i ignorant of?  what specific events are you referring to?
Lol, it's interesting how the ignorant people always demand to know why they are stupid..You're ignorant because you ignored the facts and presumed George Zimmerman guilty.  You're ignorant because you didn't watch the trial.  You're ignorant because you think Trayvon was murdered.  You're ignorant because you think there are no riots and everything is fine.
again youre just calling me ignorant and supply nothing to back that up with.  here's what i know:.
1.  zimmerman called 911 and was told to not follow trayvon..
2.  he did anyway..
3.  trayvon ended up dead.  .no one is refuting any of that.  there is literally nothing that could have happened, given those facts, that justifies zimmerman's innocence.  
He wasn't found innocent, he was found not guilty.
Yes, you are incredibly ignorant.  All of that was covered in the trial.  A 911 operator can't order anyone to do anything. .Your assumptions are incorrect and unintelligent in light of an entire trial full of facts you could reference.  
You're ignorant because of those three statements.
I think the difference is that Zimmerman was using the Stand Your Ground law as his defense.  If he was following Martin around he wasn't exactly "standing his ground" but rather proactively inserting himself into the situation.   That's rather important to me.  
that's what zimmerman said happened.  it's a shame tryvon never got to tell his side.  do you really believe that trayvon just came out of nowhere and attacked zimmerman?  when we have evidence that zimmerman was the instigator?  what if trayvon was acting in self defense because he saw zimmerman had a gun?  .bottom line is you need to believe a pretty extraordinary story that zimmerman(who has a history of violence) is telling in order to aquit him.
Did you see the pictures of Zimmerman's face?? Trayvon had no visible injuries apart from the bullet wounds
...other than the vicious blows Zimmerman delivered to Trayvon's hands with his face.
Most states would void self defense as a defense in those circumstances. .Edit: At least in states where Wal-Mart is selling Machine guns next to diapers. 
Machine guns are illegal to sell to civilians.  Stop the hyperbole.  You also do not know that.

The Defense and the Prosecution did not argue Stand Your Ground.  It had nothing to do with the Zimmerman case OTHER than that the Jury was advised that they could consider it in their deliberations (which they didn't)..Please stop repeating anything about SYG in regards to the Zimmerman trial as it had no bearing on the outcome and is just a tired Liberal talking point. .The Zimmerman trial was a standard self-defense case.
How do you know that the jury did not consider stand your ground?
No he freaking wasn't.  Stand your ground NEVER, EVER, came up in the legal proceedings.  A SYG case would involve a pretrail motion to dismiss..Zimmerman could NOT have invoked SYG because that deals with an imminent threat, not a battery that is already in progress.
The police believed him.  He was lied to when told that there was a full recording of the event and he was relieved..He was surprised and sad that Trayvon was dead..Trayvon was an abuser of Lean... a codeine cocktail that increases aggression and causes paranoia... so it is quite likely that he DID start the fight.  In fact the medical examiner found evidence that his brain and liver had damage consistent with Lean abuse.  He also went to 7-11 to buy two of the most common ingredients in Lean, and as evidenced from his Facebook and text messages he was looking for and may have found a supplier of liquid codeine..In addition we have recently learned that Jeantel, who was on the phone with him right before the confrontation, was saying some things that would have fed into the paranoia that Trayvon might have been feeling.  She said during an interview that she told Trayvon that Zimmerman was out to get him... to be afraid of him, and that he might be a gay rapist..If you're going to say that Zimmerman had a history of violence you cannot then come back and say that Trayvon's own history of violence has no bearing..We have NO evidence that Zimmerman started the fight.  In fact we have every reason to believe... based on the locations of the grass stains on Zimmerman's and Trayvon's clothing that Trayvon was the only one of the two to have gotten physical that night.  Even IF Trayvon wouldn't have died that night he would have been charged and most likely convicted of Felony Battery, or even attempted murder..Face it.  The facts of the case did not support the prosecution's case and with the available evidence it was the right verdict.
The word riot might be a little strong. But ., ., and . doesn't exactly constitute a peaceful demonstration.
With the level of outrage, and the number of protests which were not disruptive, destructive, or violent, I believe this has gone over quite peacefully.  Don't let the less common extreme incidents or individuals convince you that it is a common overarching trend.  Otherwise you end up with the theory that all humankind is violent, depraved, child molesting, drug addled, satanist, terrorists.  They aren't.  
No, its a Demonstration that got a little out of hand.
Not a peaceful demonstration but also not a riot.
Stop! Hammer time?
Breaking dozens of windows is a pretty good benchmark to call it a riot. 
That's just Oakland. That's what they do. 
Pretty sure blocking highways is exactly the definition of a peaceful demonstration. 
Blocking a highway gets into the "civil disobedience" area of the spectrum, I'd say. But definitely not a riot.
the word murder might be a little strong. But confronting a kid, starting a fight, and then shooting him once you start to lose doesn't exactly constitute civilized behavior.  
You weren't kidding when you said you didn't need facts, huh?
So he didn't follow the kid?
what facts am i wrong about, specifically?

A jury decided he was innocent... let's assume that they knew more about this case than you did. Or we could ignore the concept of a legal system and just lynch those we decide are guilty. I've decided you are a serial rapist and are sentenced to death.
Instead of posting a passive aggressive comment, you should do your research. Several jury members have already stated they considered him guilty as hell, but were pressured due to the (recent) law of being legally allowed to use deadly force if you feel "threatened"..As several jury members have pointed out, that is fucked. Feeling threatened is an utterly vague term, and is so subjective that it can't exactly be questioned in a court of law. They voted innocence because he technically wasn't doing something illegal, but a large number of the jury considered him guilty and a terrible person. .Tl;dr: your justice system is fucked.
Innocent then. Your problem is with the law itself that is actually a seperate issue.
So, if I'm reading your comment right - More jurors than the number that were actually on the jury thought he was guilty? There was 6 people on the jury.... In case you're wondering - When 7/6 jurors think someone's guilty they often get found to be GUILTY...  Been helping out at any "riots" lately? Gettin the troops together? Wow, it's stuff like this that makes it pretty easy to see how this happens...
Did MissedBinding ninja-edit his post, or do you think that "several" means "seven"?
You're right that he was legally innocent, for when he fired the shot he was defending his life. But wouldn't you agree the situation could be avoided had he not followed Trayvon in the first place?
I concur but unfortunately he was within the law...it's the law  that needs reforming. 
Yes, precisely. He made irresponsible decisions that lead to the death of a child, which is morally abhorrent. He happens to live somewhere backwards enough that it's legal. 
So what you are saying is that because he was a bad person he should have been found guilty. That is the entire point of the judicial system, Lady Justice is blind. If he didnt break any laws why should he be jailed. In the words of the times. Don't hate the playa hate the game. Don't take it out on Zimmerman have government clarify the law
Same response to you as for jayz above. At no point did I say or even imply that Zimmerman should have been found guilty.
Most states have clauses in their self defense claims which state that if you had the ability to escape danger or to avoid escalating the situation and you don't take it your not acting in self defense.   .Which is rational everywhere except in the south where you,know guns, guns, guns, guns.  All you need reasonable "fear" not even actual danger just perceived danger to kill someone and walk. 
You can't be that fucking stupid. He didn't say that at all.
It's your comment that seems obtusely angry, completely misconstruing my point. Nowhere did I say riots are justified, or that he should be found guilty. I did, however, point out to someone passively aggressively posting that he should do his research, and that the entire proceedings were not as black and white as he/she implied. .The issue is a strange, vague law that should require some clarification. 
It's not a riot if it's less violent than the last time the Lakers won the championship.
Vancouver has something to say about that...

Pffft, move aside Vancouver, go get me a coffee. Montreal has arrived.
Just you wait. If the Leafs EVER win, we'll show you a riot!!! Juuuuuuust wait.....
That's cute Dallas here 
Mark Hoppus!!!
That is the only acceptable response to that question. Classic.

Between this and the increase in Kardashian posts, Reddit is becoming the TMZ of the internet.  .Congratulations, we're the checkout isle of the grocery store.  
You know, that kid you made a commercial shortly after
this isn't funny at all, so it totally belongs here
LOL HE DOESNT KNOW WHO JUSTIN BIEBER IS CLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASIC OZZY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Google Justin Bieber's guitarist and you will find that he is actually good friends with ozzy's guitarist zach wylde, he even plays a bullseye Les Paul live.  Pretty sure they know each other.
Who is the interviewer? He looks like Mark Hoppus! 
Ozzy was in a super bowl commercial with Justin Bieber...
 they seem to get along pretty well right here
Lol Bieber is going to have 100 million in the bank by he time he is 25, what a maroon!.LE BEEBER FAGGOT XDXDXDXDXDXD
 are some pictures of him biting the head off a dove
Clearly Ozzy doesn't go to reddit.
It is him, I believe it's from 
After this video was filmed.

Even after meeting him, Ozzy still doesn't know what a Bieber is
Classic grandpa
Ozzy is the Justin Bieber of metal.
Wrong. Justin Bieber is the Ozzy of Tweeny pop.
ops penis is the size of justin beibers penis xDDDDDDDDD
Wow great content.
Mark hoppussssss
And then they made a commercial together.
Why would that even be an appropriate question to ask The King of Heavy Metal?!
ITT: this is a repost they were in a commercial together DAE LE HATE JUSTIN BIEBER ozzy doesnt even know who he is is that mark hoppus?.Saved you some time.
He made a commercial with him. 
fuck off reposter.
You could probably ask him that with anyone's name and he wouldn't have a clue.  Hell ask him what year it is.
DAE LE HATE JUSTIN BIEBER? XDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXD
I wouldn't know who Justin Bieber is either if I didn't visit Reddit.  Reddit is Bieber's biggest fan.
I wouldn't use the word "Fan". However I don't know if there is a word for when you obsessively hate something and it consumes your life...

Steve Waugh, time to drink
More like classic repost:
this is so 2010
That's because it is Mark Hoppus.
I often wonder how many strangers tell Mark Hoppus that he looks like the bassist from Blink 182 on average per day.
Yeah this is old and unfortunately since then they've even been in a commercial with each other -__-
Ahem. Prince of Darkness
and Godfather of heavy metal.
Ahem. Guardian of Metal.
That doesn't mean Ozzy has any idea who it was
Sometimes, Ozzy doesn't know who . is.
Your post history is straight cancer.Example: .Also I suspected you were 12 years old but then I saw the pics of you smoking. Real cool bro. 
He looks exactly like I thought he would. He tries SO HARD... I feel embarrassed for him. 
but weed = respect and coolness rite ?
That's what he thinks...
What the hell does this have to do with the post? I suspect you to be 12 years old for bringing random stuff just to bash OP down
In case you haven't noticed, something like this is pointed out every single time Justin Bieber is brought up on reddit, because the assumption -- and it's a correct one -- is that the only people to care about him are kids, which is why they keep posting stuff about him on this site. The rest of us are annoyed by that. That's all this is.
I'd say people care too much about stuff that isn't important at all. Like if someone posts something about JB and it's getting upvotes, you can't stop it, it's not important and you just look like an idiot going out of your way to see if someone is a kid or not when that doesn't even matter.
But, but... Justin Bieber sucks guise... amirite?
Justin Bieber is just the next person for our demographic to hate on filling the boy idol role. I don't like his music but I haven't heard his songs in like two years so whatever.
I can't even remember who the last person was; Hannah Montana is the closest idol I remember from 2000- when JB took over.
I think it was the Jonas brothers, and before that the Backstreet boys.
What about Hanson?
Weren't they a one hit wonder? I guess they had that song a few years ago but nothing like that damn mmmbop song.
LE OWEEEEEEENEDDDDDDDDD YOLO #STUPID BIEBER LE
xD xD xD
I know I'll get downvoted for this but .DAE THINK OZZY > JUSTIN BIEBER
I think that an old pair of sneakers in the dryer, or a bucket bottles grinding against each other is better music than Justin Bieber....But then I was born before 1990 so I still remember what real music sounded like...
oh yea, 
It is not fake.
This was before, and there is a video of it.
I know this was before, but just because their is a video of it doesn't mean anything. we are talking about one of the most drug induced people in pop culture, he probably doesn't know he has children some days. 
That's a little unfair.  He's not only survived this far, but he actually has much more brain capacity than people give him credit for.  He did just record and release one of the best albums I've ever heard, even if it was with two other guys who are also genius musicians.
I love Ozzy, but it did make me laugh when I saw him doing an ad for World of Warcraft. The dude can barely use his own TV remote let alone pretend he plays WoW.

holy cow, you believe everything you see on youtube?
Well, that's what he meant, actually. That it was staged.
Like you say, this is very old.  Those coma victims didn't always know who Bieber is.  At some point in his life, neither did Ozzy.  The Super Bowl commercial only serves to prove that he knows now.
I'm surprised Ozzy knows who Ozzy is most of the time...
Like you say like he says, this is old. Comas know victims
like you say, like you say, like he says, this is old. Comas know victims. 
Comas like to say victims of Justin Bieber.
My favorite ozzy moment is when somebody asked ozzy that if they made a movie about his life, who ozzy wanted to play him. Ozzy simply replied "Denzel Washington."
Someday, Russel Brand will do that job.
Denzel can pull it off.
That would be a great movie.
The three in the front are far too pretty and thin to be kardashians. Poor, poor bruce jenner.
This post being on the front page is insane. I ficking hate what reddit is becoming/has become. This dropping of r/politics and r/atheism and promotion of r/explainlikeimfive is indicative of this shitty shift. Fuck I'm sad and angry.
spot on, Khloe is twice the size of the other sisters in real life too lol
you can tell by the similarity in facial hair
lol!!
Hilariously accurate!
Those are probably the worst examples you could have possibly chosen. 
I always called the big one "Shrek"
Yeah everyone, stop being immature and be more like smelly_dildo.
Then leave
The internet is a big place. Go somewhere else or STFU.   
Still I think he's rather tasty!
Approved.
Great.. now . is going to be stuck in my head the rest of the day..
False: two of them might be attractive :)
Robin Williams has never looked so good.
I really must disagree, good sir.. 
I just realized as a kid I always thought those scarves were weirdly colored lady beards. Kids are idiots.
I am still at a loss as to why would daddy kardashian name his daughters after the KKK.
das racist
Who?
Rude.
there are a star trek alien race called the kardashians.

Khloe syndrome, affects one in three.
ha, ha I get it. It's because she's fat.
That is so rude... and accurate
I have no idea why anyone would downvote this!
Holy mother of fuck this is amazing
Minus Genie, those girls are actually hot. The Kardashians? No.
The two little ones are devastatingly gorgeous, especially Kim...until they open their mouths and all the vapid comes rushing out.
The little ones are about 15 ya know.
You know who I meant. Kim and Kourtney. Eiw.
No you said the two little ones. The two little ones in the family are about 15. Also I was drunk so whatevs.
Someone told me i looked like khloe the other day :c
start losing that weight, nobody likes fat bitches.
Nobody with a tiny ego.
Was it a Zoo keeper confusing you for a hippopotamus? 

Were you there?
at the zoo?
No. There were no marbles to be had.
Prince Ali, Faboulous he.....ali a babwa
Strong as ten regular men definitely! 
He faced the galloping hordes!
A hundred bad guys with swords
Who sent those goons to their lords?
People don't think Khloe is pretty? I actually didn't know this, I don't get why, I think she's the most attractive.
She is. Everyone always just compares her to her sisters who are both gorgeous. Plus, khloe is the most down to earth and smartest of all of them. Since she's not a size 0, she's fat according to overly critical media.
Khloe has a nice face. Being overweight is fixable, but having a nice face is hard to get.
It was just the face, so i guess that isn't too bad. All i know about her is she is the "big ugly one"
Well the fact that she doesn't  have the same dad as Kim and Kourtney accounts for the big disparity in looks.
She's not even overweight. She just is tall and broad.  She has a defined waist!
Oh Fuck. I laughed out loud and woke the baby. Good one. 
Reddit really is changing. Used to be jokes about being virgins as a streotype, soon there will be a parent stereotype instead (which is like the opposite of being a virgin).
I wouldn't say opposite. Both don't have sex.
All we need is Jafar as Kris Jenner to complete the family.
My God...that is perfect.
Reddit is officially People magazine of the internet.
I dont know who any of the people listed in this thread are. The only reason I clicked at all was because I recognized Alladin. As for the allusion? Nope.
I was the same, not sure why you are being downvoted.
...That would probably be peoplemagazine.com.
Poor Khloe, it's not her fault she got her real dad's big bones.
Bones don't jiggle 
Remember, if it jiggles, it's fat.
Am I the only one who thinks Khloe is pretty? Sure she's bigger than Kim and Kourtney but she still has beautiful features and she seems really sweet.
Everyone's pretty after 4 hours of professional hair, makeup, and a stylist working on you. 

Yes, she is pretty and I think she is the most sane of the bunch.  She also is the only one that I believe went to college and had a job before the show. 
Her facial features r bad dude. IMO of course.Lol can't type with a serious face. Yes, you might be.
(This is assuming you're a straight male)
I'm a (mostly) straight female 
Meh I mean, not trying to be an ass, but if I could afford the amount of professional hair and make up khloe does on a daily to appear somewhat pretty compared to her sisters, I'd be on some next level of beautiful, so theres not much to boost. I do enjoy her personality compared to the others, but I only find her looking slightly more attractive is because she can afford to look the most possible best she can look with the help of the right clothes, professional make up and hair, etc.
You can't polish a turd. 

She's prettier than the average woman. I think if she wasn't always compared to Kourtney and Kim, people wouldn't give her so little credit. Everyone looks bad compared to them
But you can spray it silver!
she's absolutely my favorite,  if I was forced to marry one I would totally go for  Khloe,almost like normal.
Plus she's funny! I feel like she gives them so much shit and calls them out when they're acting stupid.
Guess who's  Khloe 

I'm glad you trust reliable sources like the National Inquirer. 
Apparently he'll be releasing a book about the thing called ..
The building?
Ha! .Here you go

I recognise that guy but can't place the name. It isn't Leigh Francis is it?
Orsen wells citizen Kane 
*Orson Welles
is one of those parasites that eat the fish tongue
"You're that clever land shark, aren't you?"."...Just a cat, Ma'am."
Kittygram
i love the cute little "look at the owner, quickly to camera then back to owner" x3
No! No! Noooooo!!!
That cat would do worse to you if it could. 
That cat looks like a muppet.
Why isn't this titled "I'm just as sharked as you are"? 
"Why"
Hey! You found my hiding place! Leave me alone!
Dafuq you doin human?
I don't get it. .dm;hc? 
I wish I knew where I could find that cat bed its awesome!
Aww this is kind of sad. Like it's scared.
How'd that lil guy get in there?
wait isnt that the cat "me gusta" face? when they smell pheromones or other secretions?
The cat stayed very calm the whole time. Did he not know he was in a sharks mouth?
That cat just had catnip. 
Well I'll be damned. The cat . got your tongue!
My cat does the same look every time he licks his ass.
I need it !!! My cat's name is Sharky !! :O
Mine is Tootsie Roll, we call her Tootsie. High five for creative cat names!
This gif needs something. 
Where can I purchase this kitty bed?
Thinkgeek.com  Its the Japanese nanotechnology pet bed.
Looks different than the pic, a lot different: .Looks more like this one: 
Oh, my bad.
That cat is stoned.  Let it be high in peace.
Those aren't surprised eyes, those are the eyes of your imminent demise.
Is this a cat bed?
Not a tiny cardboard box, so no.
cats face is priceless 
Those are the crazy eyes. He's either about to murder you or something else. 
Beware of PAWS
Don't you mean, sharked?
just watched a movie called Sharknado.  Yes, it was as stupid as it sounds.  Quick summery: tropical storm hits California and a tornado comes along with it, flooding everywhere and sharks everywhere.  .And I mean everywhere.
We're gonna need a bigger cat.
That's it, I love cats.
man this sharknado sequel has worse special effects then  the first one.
It is a shame when the sharknado gets the kitty....
Put a OC label on the cat and make the teeth down votes please
this is so damn cute my god
ftfy
Anyone else see this and instantly think of Nichijou?
That slight shake of the head sells it.
How & Where can I get that Shark Pillow???
Help Meeeeee. 
Why human? Why you do this?
Just as Sharked* as you are
BERNARD! BERNARD!.It's hot in the whale.
meow
et tu, brutus?
Casting for sharknado 2
As a general rule I down vote cats and kittens, but I have no choice on this one. Must be an up vote.
HERETIC!!.Edited for spelling.
HERETIC*
Yes thank you.
Cutest death ever.
That cat looked Japanese... For some reason I'm getting crazy
You've found me!  So what now, human?  Oh god.  Oh no nonooaaaah

But...why human....why
his mouth is open because he's too hot ;(

My cat will open his mouth if he misses biting a toy and is about to go back for another try.
If he was too hot he'd just get out..Cats also do that mouth open thing when there's some interesting smell in the air and they want to experience it deeper, which is another possibility. ..
actually cats pant because of stress... I'm a little concerned about this poor kitty...
They also pant when they are hot. But he could be hiding in there out of fear.
Cats will also pant from heat..Source: I own cats.
It's pretty rare for them to pant from heat - Talk to a vet and stop stressing out your cats
One does not simply "own" cats.
Oh no! Sharknado got the kitty!
Everything is a cat bed.

sssshhhhhh, just go to sleep. just go to sleep.
Cold-blooded killer right there. He even sits on the victim to suffocate him in that box. This is what happens when you loan catnip from the wrong guys.
good Kitty Shroedinger . Now let the kitty out.
Faireset2 made a good commentary about this gif.

"Don't...don't fight it.  It's better this way."
I'm just as... sharked* as you are. ......I need a new hobby
Beat me by an hour. You deserve it.
god damn it every time i think of something clever someone already thought of it lol
You're just as shocked**. And yes, typing the title as a comment is a bad hobby.
Novelty accounts have really gone downhill
Or if you're Australian, you can just keep it as shocked
Or in Boston. A friend of mine was working in Boston and a woman said, "Do you have anymore shock soap?" My friend was confused until she realized the lady was saying, "Shark soap."
Shock and shark are not pronounced the same in Boston. Shock is shock and shark is shahk.  No o sound, just a soft ah instead of a harsh ar.
I've heard pleanty of Bostonians say Shawk .... I can ask one now hang one....  Yup he says shawk.
I've heard "shawk," too, but never "shock" for Shark.
Hate to be the party pooper, but Australians don't pronounce shark and shock the same.
Wait, what the fuck is shark soap? That seems dangerous.
Just a soap with a shark fin in it.
Do you distinguish the pronunciations of "ma" and "maw", "pa" and "paw"?  Cuz Boston people do, and if you don't that might be the source of your confusion.
No they are both the same to me... I'm from Colorado as is my friend so I wonder if it's a regional thing.
I'm Nebraskan, and I do the same thing.  Most of the western US does, in fact.  We have two mergers of historically different vowel sounds.  One is the cot-caught merger, which is basically all the words with a "short o" have the same vowels as all the words with "aw".  As a consequence, tock-talk, chock-chalk, collar-caller, sod-sawed, etc. become homophones.  We also have the father-bother merger, which means father and bother rhyme and Kahn-con are homophones, etc.  So essentially, we've taken what were historically three different vowels (father vs bother vs daughter) and made all words with them have the same sound..In Boston, it's common for people to have the caught-cot merger but not the father-bother merger.  They're also often nonrhotic, which means "or" words like source and torque end up being homophones with "aw" words like sauce and talk and "ar" words like farther and spar are homophones with "ah" words like father and spa.  Cot=caught=court/=cart..The rest of the eastern US typically has the father-bother merger, but not the cot-caught merger.  Oddly they have the lot-cloth split, meaning that some "short o's" take on the daughter vowel and some of them take on the father vowel.  So cloth, moss, cough, long, dog, and most other one syllable words ending with the same consonants have the same vowel as source and sauce, but lot, bomb, mosh, cop, lock, job, rod, and other one syllable words ending in those consonants have the same vowel as father and farther.  Multisyllabic "short o" words that aren't derived from one syllable words (so like possible and not like soft>soften) except chocolate, coffee, and often go along with lot to sound like father..Unlike Americans, most Brits and Australians group "or" and "aw" words (lore and law), "ar" and "ah" words (par and pa), and "short o" words (lot and cloth) into three separate groups..This stuff is all on Wikipedia, so if you're interested just start with "cot-caught merger".
Oh thank you!  I love things like this!! Especially considering my husband and his family all originate from Massachusetts..I have a sort of odd mix up in the way I pronounce things. My mother was raised by her grandparents where one set had English accents and the other set were hillbillys and to top it off she had a speech impediment. I'm finding out all the time that I pronounce things differently than a lot of people. She would say Dish, Fish as deesh, feesh but wish was woosh. My friends are always giving me a hard time because I say pronounce appreciate as a-prissy-ate instead of a-pre-she-ate. For a long time I thought to waller on someone was an independent word from wallow but it turns out that when my mom said, "Stop wallering all over me" she meant "Stop wallowing all over me".I've noticed a lot of diversity in the Massachusettes accents though. Some sound very much like Brooklyn accents some are more hoity toity Bostonian. Then there is the Rhode Island accent .. Call is Cawl with an accent on the W and coffee is Co-wah-fee with the O being very soft..I've noticed that a lot of the MA accents do the lore/law thing (Idear instead of idea. Amander instead of Amanda). And I have a friend who gets upset with how I say clothes or clothing (clow-thes she says it should be close). And my husband calls a horse (hor-ss) a Hahs. .Anyway going to look up the "cot-caught merger" because it's incredibly  interesting. Thanks again!!
I think the reverse is more appropriate for the title.
Came to the comments to find a reverse gif. I'm not disappoint.
That is the best reverse gif I have seen in my reddit life.
or .. I'm just as . as you
Came here expecting a reverse gif. Was not disappointed. Merci.
C'est rien mon ami!
Thank you,  I came in here thinking "this is not that god damn funny given the order of events."
That one is infinitely better.
What is this.Polluting reddit.Best rapper ever tho rite.Lol sneaky bird meme

i like how he tilts his head to the left hahaha
Same instance, I actually reversed this gif and downloaded that one a few weeks ago.

Harry cat was stunned. Then he looked up and saw Snape cat watching him. He closed his jaw and lowered his eyes, trying to become composed..Why did that go through my head when I saw this? Nvm, I know why. Fanfiction. Precious, precious slashy fanfiction. Nothing like underage sex between two guys to make a girl happy. .edit: for everyone who assumes things about me for this post: I challenge you to read the Sacrifices Arc by Lightning on the Wave. 
_
go back to /b
I don't think you understand....I actually read this kind of shit when I was 12. Oh the things I regret reading.
I challenge you to read the Sacrifices Arc by Lightning on the wave and tell me that a twelve year old would appreciate that. Google it.
Way more appropriate indeed.
What is hiding in the cat's mouth?
What about this comment attracted so many dumbasses at one time?
Reddit does what it does.
I ready for a rap competiten.Who wants to join.Yo to yo.What is up redit
Don't feed the troll. 
Your chances of saying "You want fries with that?" for the next 10-15 years?.Edit: YES!  Let the hate flow through you!!!
That's a funny rap flow.I can go down low (on my gurl).I'm really good at this shit yo.C'mon redit (lol)
Your talent is incredible.
Ur good at raping.Not as good as me.I got mad flow.C'mon redit.Sneaky bird lol
REDDIT HAS TWO FUCKING D's
Roses are red .Violets are blue.I'm skitsofrantic.And so am I
why did this crap make me laugh? 
You're amazing.
All other replies are troll accounts
WHAT'S THIS I HEAR? A NEW CHALLENGER APPEARS?.STEP UP TO DA MIC SO I CAN RAPE YO EARS!.I'MA STICK DIS BLACK DICK RIGHT IN YO AURICLE!.YO RHYMES ARE SO HORRIBLE! YOU SPEAKIN' TO DA ORACLE!
Clean out cha ears, and reload the visine tears,.
cause this is the contest and these are your fears,.
artistic insignificance, social irrelevance, not to mention 'you can't   dance', .
Think you see the future, look at me, don't miss your chance,.
you can glimpse me while I'm leaving, just don't shit yo' pants.
I PUTA DA DCK IN THE BUTT.LOL ANAL SEX MY MOM SAYS HURTS.DOGS LICK PEANUT BUTTER OFF YOUR WEINER.LOL SNEAKY BIRD MEME IS THE BEST
wat? you been staking me? the dog was just living my fingers that one time..

Ferd, I too have grown to enjoy your comments.  You are a master!
FEEEEEERRRRRRRRDDDDDD!!!!!
I've become to love him.
He makes trolling seem so... effortless.
I AIN'T NO TROLL- MY COMMENTS SO SERIOUS.YO ALLEGATIONS MAKE DIS NIGGA SO FURIOUS.I WIPE MY ASS WITH POSITIVE KARMA.I LIKE TO SNACK ON PROSCIUTTO DI PARMA!
My karma ran over your dogma,.
P.S. my dick fits inside of your mama,.
I'm just messin', you know them lips stretchin',.
when I get her all steamy like Benihana. 
That was weak. 
context? youtube? i love this
Novelty Account.
Shit almost went full limerick,.
Hard Truth: Never go full limerick,.
but to the critic: 
suck my dick,.
that's when you get to spit, .
otherwise you can't be slick. 
This is a novelty account guys.

That's one well looped gif.
Watch the tree on the left side and the black shirt on the right.
You fucking monster, I . the loop on that gif and NOW I'LL NEVER LOOK AT IT THE SAME WAY AGAIN _ 


[deleted]
Heeeyyy, you lied. 
spamm don't click, just downvote and move on with your lives.
My fucking sides. 
Isn't ever loop continuous? 
It means there's no cut in the animation. As in, this could just be running forever if you didn't notice the loop.
He's pointing out that "continuous loop" is an oxymoron, because you can't have a loop that isn't continuous.
In this sense you can, because you can have a repeating (looped) .gif that contains a discontinuity.
I made one once, it was awesome. I work at a science factory, so we do stuff like that a lot. 
Actually, you can have gifs that are saved to only play x amount of times and this is referred to as a single loop. Infinite looping is called a continuous loop.
Hmm...Maybe. I think I'd argue that repeating  looped. I could post:.Again..Again..Again..Again..Again..It's repeating, but I don't think by anyone's definition it's looped.
It'd be looped if it repeated . though. In this context 'loop' just means that the end is followed by the start while continuous means the end is the same frame as the start.
Exactly. Putting a song on repeat creates a loop but if there is a break at the end of the song before it starts over it's not a continuous loop, to put it in another context.
Exactly what I came to the comments for. His little face cracks me up immensely
Ohh man this is gonna so confuse my kids for life... HEY KIDS WE NEED TO TALK ABOUT WHERE BABYS COME FROM!
A good pictorial way of explaining it like they are Calvin.
OK, that is just... brilliant. Wow. 
Please, do not look at the actors. 
 .So now you know where they got the idea.
I've put mine to bed, walked downstairs and continued to watch mickey mouse clubhouse over and over
Right there with ya....I'm finding a similar situation with reading. Just the other night I asked my wife not to start with a book just because I wanted to know what happened. My son slept and the book was shit. Worth it.
Or when you are playing poker with your friends and singing the Chicka Show theme song. This happened to me this past weekend.
Something similar happened to me when I was watching my nephew. We were watching a series on netflix when My brother-in-law came picked my nephew up.  2 hours later my wife comes home and we have this little conversation:.Her:  where's nephew?
Me:  your brother picked him up a couple hours ago
Her: ... why are you sitting here, watching Wonderpets?
Me:  I don't know... But this fucking duck has the worst speech impediment
I hate the fucking Wonder Pets. I can't listen to the duck talk without wanting to squish it.
I used to do this all the time with Kids Place Live on Sirius/XM. I'd drop my kids off somewhere and 15 minutes later realize I was still listening to Mindy.
Absolutely Mindy! But when the Story Pirates come on, I can't change it fast enough.
I find myself watching My Little Pony and the old Boomerang shows a little too much. God I miss things like Swat Cats and Samurai Jack. And realizing how much hidden adult humor is in shows just makes me laugh. 
The Powerpuff Girls are awesome. Also, all the old Cartoon Network shows are on Netflix now. Watch away.
just roll with it. sesame street is fantastic.
"I could've been watching Sports Center" is my first reaction.  My second is "I wonder how badly my children are hurting themselves right now?" before leaping of the couch to discover one or both of my kids on the verge of doing permanent bodily harm to themselves.  I've gone almost completely gray since my second child was born.  I'm 31.
Best 15 minutes of your life
It's not just parents, as an older sister of 3 I find myself watching Jake and the Nederland pirates, chuggington, and my little ponies a lot.
I don't like Jake and the Neverland Pirates. . every day at 5 in the morning at my house.
CHUUUUUUGINGTON!.CHUGGACHUGGACHUGGA! CHUGGACHUGGACHUGGA! CHUGGACHUGGACHUGGACHUGGACHUGGINGTON! CHUGGINGTOOOON!.Clackety clack!
YO GABBA GABBA!! YO GABBA GABBA!! YO GABBA GABBA!! YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!! 
That show is very freaky.
My nephew loves it.  I used to see clips of it on The Soup and thought it was a weird show until I actually saw a few episodes.  They do a lot of cool dancing and they have some great guests/bands on there.  The  best part of the show, "My name is _____ and I like to dance!"  Hilarious every single time.  And with messages like "Don't bite your friends," how could you not like the show?
We haven't watched the show in years, but i still find myself humming some of the songs.
You know the cheat codes to decent too?! ?!
I sometimes used to throw on Dora the Explorer as a 14 year old freshman male. I was not ashamed of it either. Though, I've never told anyone.
As a 14 year old freshmen female, I have no idea why we are mentioning our ages and genders..Seriously though, Swiper is awesome. It's either ". or "You'll never find it now!" and he throws it as far as he can!
I think it's healthy to watch a cartoon or children's program every once in a while, especially when you're older -- gotta check on what . (reference, "The Soup") and it's just generally good for the soul and peace of mind IMHO
definitely, though there's no way I'm giving that bitch Dora any more of my time
My kids stopped watching good kids shows as they got older. I still watch Arthur everyday. I feel no shame.
This happens with me and my nephew all the time, except with him it's LazyTown. ."Where did my nephew go and why am I watching puppets and a girl with pink hair bake a cake." 
I cant think of anything pther than this . when it comes to lazy town
That. And Peppa Pig which is strangely addictive viewing.
Peppa Pig has one catchy theme song. It gets in your head and doesn't leave! Oh no - my head is playing it now...peppa pig...peppa pig...noooooo...

You should cross this to . or .. I think they would have a good laugh :)
Been a parent for over a year now,  Sesame Street is actually a pretty funny show. 
and then a panic attack
Here come the rubbadubbers splish splosh!
My daughter is 12. I find myself watching coming of age/teen romps all by myself as she goes off to do something else and I don't always notice....
Good for you, have fun!
The worst was when my dad watched Lazy Town for a solid 20 minutes.  Im 17 with no younger siblings...
This happens to me all the time! 
Happened to me the other day with adventure time, that show is great. 
Usually when I come home for lunch the channel is still on kid stuff. Usually Spongebob or nick something, Disney. Sometimes I watch if it is Spongebob or Adventure time.
More like iCarley for an hour and a half.  All alone.
No, this did not make the front page (Username is relevant)
This applies to older siblings as well!  By brother and I are 12 years apart.  
Grover and big blue turn any shitty day into a beautiful one. 
Happens with a lot of kids programs, if it isn't sesame street its the wiggles, or giggle n hoot.
haven't seen this one posted, in almost 3 days!
Err day
Fun Fact: Sesame Street was designed to appeal to parents and children, so that adults could watch the show with their kids and bond/develop a habit watching the show and thus, learning. There is a lot of humor in the show that only adults would get. I learned this from a book! Woo!
....or 'My Little Ponies', or 'Sid the Science Kid', or 'Yo Gabba Gabba', or...... 
In defense of anyone who "gets stuck watching" any of those shows...  they're awesome, even for adults..Source: watched many "kids' shows" while baby-sitting; became addicted..  
It's usually Yo Gabba Gabba.
This also happens if you are an uncle, or a family friend..Source: Am uncle and family friend. 
One time I turned on a show for my son before I went to get him up for the day. 15 minutes later, I'm sitting in my chair laughing a little and the episode of Sophia the First is over. My son had yet to be retrieved from his crib. 
Op is a thieving faggot.

Everyday .....
That moment you realize that this is a repost, however true it is. 
....and you STILL learn something.
This is so true. I know of a parent who could relate. That's why so many people are afraid of old age. 
Hey that show could be pretty engrossing. I mean, "Going to paint a P" ... does the guy get to paint his P? Can the guy carrying the food ever make it down that staircase w/o falling ass over teakettle? Does Mr. Snuffalupagus ever show himself? 
I just did this the other day with Sophia the First.
I showed this to my dad and he didn't get it......
But I've got to see how elmo ends!
Hour and 15 minutes*
I'll take Sesame Street any day over some of the other shows out there! 
Phineas and Ferb are fucking awesome. I catch myself watching it all the time. 
This is a Repost, here is the original from 6 months ago
.This person has reposted several times in the past and I was immediately suspicious of this post, he even kept the exact same header.
My 3 year old daughter is hooked on Rugrats right now. All the movies and the tv show. Took me almost 20 years but finally googled where Chuckie's mom was. 
Happened to us tonight except it was Curious George. My husband put her to bed, and came back downstairs. 20 minutes later we're still watching. In my defense is an awesome show.
Brilliant.  Been there.
Thank FUCKI'm never having kids
Letter B letter B letter B letter B .... or my favorite was Linda Ronstadt singing Blue Bayououou...
This happens so often. I am divorced and have shared custody. On nights where the boys are with their mom, I still watch Spongebob. 
I don't have a kid, but I often babysat my little cousin and he loved Toopy and Binoo. That show had colours that held my attention long after he found something else to do but . was the voice of that character annoying!
Hey, Sesame Street is better than most shows on tv right now! 
Peppa Pig is a huge hit with my 6 year old daughter, Toy Story series for my son.
Then of course LalaLoopsy, Ruby Gloom, Caillou, and she also likes the original Scooby Do's..But this week my daughter has been on a Goonie's Kick, watches it 2-3 times a day, started repeating lines from the movie. Asked me last night why the guy in the freezer with Chunk wasn't talking. 
re re re re re po po po po po po po st st st st st st
My partner and I sat and watched the last 45 mins of The Incredibles while our daughter played on the other side of the room.  She was bored with the movie..I regret nothing.
Honestly, Sesame Street is nowhere near as good as it was back in the day. It's full of crap CGI animation and pedestrian bullshit that neither me or my children get excited about. There's maybe 15 minutes out of the entire show that even remotely resembles the original that I recall from my youth. But to stick with the theme of the OP, I have caught myself watching Yo Gabba Gabba, long after my kids have left the room, especially if somebody cool like Jack Black is doing a cameo.
I did that with an episode of Dora once....about fell out of my chair when I realized what fatherhood was doing to me.
r/trees is leaking again...
Or SWiM watches Backyardigans......and sings the songs.....

Happens a lot, but honestly for me, it's more like that's what they were watching before I put them down for a nap and then I find myself watching it.
DM;WSS
Oooh, can't wait.
Repost.
This happens to me with Good Luck Charlie.  I'm 44 and I love that damn show.
Baby come back...
guilty.  repeatedly.
Fucking parenthood. Yet another reason why I'm never having kids.
I do that watching some show that my son was watching, thinking I could turn this off, but I need to know what happens next.
Not just watching it, you're absorbed in that shit man
Old habits die hard.
I never stopped watching Sesame Street :(.  Especially when I was pregnant..Edit:  Thomas the Tank Engine as well.
I find myself humming the Thomas theme music all the time. 

Do you just save every picture from reddit and repost it 5 months later? Seriously, check OP's post history. Fuck this guy.
Reddit at times is, do as I say not as I do.  Hates on reposts, but upvote the living fuck out of them.
The same thing happens to me except it's my roommate and reality T.V.
I have about 200 of my 15 month old's songs stuck in my head. This is only the beginning. 
This happened with "My Little Pony" a few times. 
For me it was Arthur.  All alone,  turned on tv, it was tuned to pbs, sat there watching Arthur for a good 15 minutes.
I had to take my daughter back to her mom in the middle of the Phineas and Ferb movie. Got home, finished the movie. 
I'd use my child as an excuse to watch the little kid shows I wish I could watch openly. It'd take a few years though since I don't care for anything that's under Y7. (not familiar with TV ratings. I think it's Y7, PG13, R, then AO. I don't know if there's a rating under Y7.).Ok I decided to look it up. I guess it's just Y but on wiki I'm seeing MA instead of R. I was pretty sure it was R.
Sesame Street is actually pretty great. If you're paying attention there are some great lil jokes or parodies
I never needed kids around to watch Sesame Street.
haha oh god this! for me its Barney, and I catch myself singing softly to the show...and then it hits me "oh man I just put my son down for a nap like an hour ago.. what am I doing?"
But Sesame Street is awesome.
thisdidmakefrontpage.
Repost

I watch Sesame Street all the time when my brother leaves the room haha I do that with a lot of kids shows too. 
Hahah! NICE!.Anyone get phone calls from telemarketers and hand them over to their 3 year olds? Am I the only one? I used to do that, or I would ask them to hold on, and then place the phone above the TV and return to watching BLues Clues, Franklin, or my favorite, Little Bear. Anyone else?
I want to see which number is sponsoring today's program.
And you enjoyed it.
Unless it's fucking Caillou. That little whiney brat drives me crazy and of course it's my kid's favorite. .Edit: apostrophe's
This is how I got into Regular Show and Adventure Time.
Is that the program where all the puppets live in the barrio?  Love that show.
Much better than sitting there watching 'Backdoor Sluts 9', and realizing that your kid walked in 15 minutes ago.
From this, I have grown to love 
Regular Show and Adventure Time are the only two good cartoons on tv.
Wellllllll.....P&F
I don't have any children, but I do something similar..I'll have the TV on a show and be playing a game on my ipad or phone at the same time.  Sooner or later, the show ends and another show that I don't care to watch comes on.  I always tell myself I'll pause the game soon to change the channel, but 45 mins later, I'm still playing the game and know WAY too much about a show I didn't want to watch in the first place.  
I think you mean Yo Gabba Gabba.
I don't have a kid, but I often babysat my little cousin and he loved Toopy and Binoo. That show had colours that held my attention long after he found something else to do but . was the voice of that character annoying!
That moment as a redditor, when you realize that this is a repost
My wife and kids went on a vacation a while back but due to my work schedule I had to stay behind.  It was so weird not having those shows on in the background that I actually ended up just leaving my TV on Treehouse just for the background noise.
HA! This happens every week when my ex picks up my daughter.
I was waiting to see a repost post. Not today. 
7 o'clock on a Sunday morning - who is watching the Wiggles ukulele special?  Not the 3 year old - only grandma.
Yeah just wait til the day you are standing by the sink washing dishes and realize this: .is coming out of . mouth and the kid ain't even home.
I did something similar - listening to a Wiggles CD in the car as I drop my kids off to childcare. I get almost all the way to work before I realise I'm singing along to The $#*& Wiggles!
By the way Jeff Fatt (former purple Wiggle), if I ever meet you in real life, I'm gonna punch you on the nose - no parent can now take a sneaky nap on the couch without one of your kids yelling "1...2....3..WAKE UP DADDY!!!!!!!!!!!!!". Mother%$#@!
I guess it's true. Kids cause brain damage.
15 minutes?  More like 2 hours. 
I've done this as a 20 year old big brother as well.
Holy shit, I can count to 3!!!!

For us it's Bubble Guppies, but.... yup
Only a non-parent would say this, because they're nostalgic for their childhood. Any true parent knows that they're seen that episode about 50 times. Turn the TV off and go outside.

I don't give a shit what any of you say, that shit is still entertaining!
The episode we watched today had me laughing. My kids couldn't care less
I was singing the wiggles with my daughter (she used to watch it neurotically) and keep going all by myself while she took a nap without letting me know. Lucky no one was the wiser 
 yo!
Because of this, I know by heart every episode of every kid's show that has been out since about 1999.....
never been truer!
repost after repost after repost like a motherfucker
It could be worse.  Sesame Street is pretty good, Barney on the other hand?  I also can't stand how Dora and Diego insist on communicating at yelling volume..Then you've got middle-grounders like The Wiggles, who aren't bad, it's just the repetitiveness is the torture..One interesting thing I've noticed is all the engines in the Thomas the Tank Engine universe are complete jerks, especially to one another.  And Sodor has to have the absolute worst safety record..Finally, Shaun The Sheep and Timmy Time are your friends.
Where's Jeff?

No kids but this happened with my little sister. I would always rag on her shows but I'd be there watching Barney and Olsen Twin tapes with her.
r/trees would like this
that moment when you realise its a repost that has been here 1000 times already.
I LIKE Sesame Street. It's going to all pay off when Telly commits suicide as I predict. 
Gonna get a lot of hate for this, but....This is how Bronies are made. 
Fuck that. I'm 23 with no kids and I shamelessly watch Sesame Street on the reg. I even have a DVD of highlights from the show since season one. ...Sesame Street is the shit.
Repost
I find myself yelling: "someone's got to put that asshole Oscar in his place!" Then, I cry because I'm so into it, and I don't have kids. :( 
This is a super mega duper uper uber ultra reposted repost!
Lol Always 
GOD DAMMIT MR. NOODLE!!
The best thing about some kids shows are jokes that are downright rude but fly right over a kids head.
I'm secretly excited to be able to watch cartoons again when I have a kid.
Why not watch cartoons anyway?
I don't have kids, but going over to my sister's place, my niece had power puff girls on all the time and we all watched it. I found myself at home, alone in my 20s flipping through channels, finding power puff girls and watching it.
My daughter and I enjoy watching Dinosaur Train. Except when Katy Perry host Sesame Street. Then it's, uh, you know, time for Sesame Street.
You say that as if there's a problem.
 and . are gone, and that same day we get mature posts about parenting on the front page!  Goodbye spiteful teenage fools.  Enjoy going back to Digg!
When this happens to me, usually find my daughter on the toilet paitently waiting for me to wipe her butt. 
The boy I babysit used to try to make me wipe his "booty." Evidently his parents were fine with doing it and weren't trying to reach him how to do it himself which so does not fly with me. One day I told him he had to figure it out himself and he hasn't asked since..(He does know how to do it, BTW, he's always known - he just didn't want to do it himself.).He also occasionally decides he's afraid of the toilet and won't flush because it's scary... but only sometimes.
What's gonna work?
Repost
Sooo ooolllldddddddf
15 minutes?! Pfft...you don't have kids! IF you did you've been watching cartoons by yourself for at LEAST 3 hours.
As an older sibling I can totally relate. Scary. As. Fuck.
As soon as you realize it and change the channel, they come right back demanding whatever it is they were previously watching. 
Or peppa pig, Dora, Max and Ruby. 
As a parent, I often find myself catching up on the kids shows while they're asleep..No shame here.
not too bad.  i watch the kids' shows and movies with one eye while i do stuff, because i want to relate to the kids later.  "we're going to a train station!  like thomas!  ohh there's a green one! is it percy!?"  or i recognize some make believe game the kids are playing, noticing it's a theme from a movie.  or knowing the "you're not my real mother!" line is from tangled and not feeling too upset.   yeah, gotta participate in their cultural life! 
I walked in on my wife watching a Spider-Man cartoon last night.  Granted, she was distracted, playing with our 9 month old niece on the bed, but she could have turned it off.
That moment, as an adult when you realize you're still watching Sesame Street, and never had kids at all
Parents are the only ones who do that. I regularly watch all sorts of crap because I can't be bothered to find the remote.
HAHAHA this happens way too often!
I do this. I don't have kids.
Don't feed the serial reposter. Downvote and move along. 
This happens in my house on a daily basis.
Repost 
My buddy and I watched 3 episodes of Daniel Tiger while his 2 year old daughter slept. Shed fallen asleep during the first one. We just kept going.Rad.
Worse still is when you are all alone and find yourself humming kids' songs! 

Nah, it's Diego the Digger or something right now. 
I love the wiggles.
Or Barney, or SpongeBob, or Disney shows. . . I used to put on the Disney channel when my daughter went to see her dad so I would be comforted by the same normal sounds. 
I do this all_the_time!
I once worked at a preschool and was building legos with two of the kids, unbeknownst to me they both ran out to play tag. 10 minutes later my supervisor asked me why I was building a lego tower by myself.
I watch Sesame Street and I don't have kids...
MYSTERY MOUSE CATOOL.MYSTERY MOUSE CATOOL
In her mind, the programme is called "oh toodles"

I do this too with my 4yr old but I love it because it gives me an excuse... Sesame Street is still better than most other things on TV.
A while back, I went to my friend's house to give him a 30th birthday card.  His kids were playing with some WWF action figures, so we joined in.  After half a dozen wrestling matches, I noticed his wife was covering her mouth to keep from laughing.  Apparently, the kids had left to watch TV, and we had been playing alone for half an hour.  
This is so fucking true also with the car stereo
Things like this also happen when one is very high. 
This is currently happening to me. Right this moment. 
As long as it isn't an episode with Clarabelle ....
I still really like sesame street. Bert & Ernie crack me up.
You can't help it, that Chica show song is catchy ;) 
It's the "Happy, happy birthday to you!" song from the Good Morning Show that I can't get out of my head.
Nooooo!!!!! I don't want it in mine! I think I get mesmerized by the squeaky sound Chicka uses to talk. 
My husband and I became fans of "I Carly" when my grandson began watching it.  My daughter stopped by one day and there were the two of us watching I Carly.  My grandson wasn't even at our house that day.
I so hear you!!!
You can't be serious.  I was watching my tween niece and nephew and they watched far too many episodes of this and I wanted to shoot myself in the face.  Maybe I just happened to catch the worst 20 episodes...
I'm a fan of Sam's... Comedy.
It's i"Carly". That show cracked me up sometimes too. My favorite was when they got a TV show and Sam beat the fuck out of Zeebo with a microphone.
I thought that show was funny too, and I'm 43 yo.  O.O
I find myself doing this a lot. I've grown so accustomed to children's TV that I turn it on a lot of times when my kids aren't around. I like Kipper the Dog; he's my favorite. 
Sock thing!
Really minimalist, just like an illustrated book - I assume like the ones this is based on.  I like this cartoon's style.
Caillou or something is the same way. Both my kids love the show too. 
My son loved that show when he was really little. My sisters and I would start doing the little accents of the different dogs. We loved it.
Lol..I do this all the time, but with Dinosaur Train...DINOSAUR TRAIN...dinosaur train.....Where the hell was that show when I was a kid!?!?!?
OH MY GOD Dinosaur Train is HUGE in my house!!! My niece does NOT go a day without watching at least one episode. Holy fuck. She knows the names of dinosaurs I've never even heard of. She gets mad if someone says that a spinosaurus is a stegosaurus or something. She knows their names in the show, too. It's intense.
I agree, how did someone not realize that dinosaurs the coolest thing to have lived to everyone, but especially to children under 8, could make an awesome show up until now?!?!?!.Although the lack of violence does make me a bit sad...why hasn't the t-rex ate his family yeT?
We gonna riiiiIDE....the dinosaur train (raaaaawwwwrrr)
Is that dude getting head, watching Sesame Street?
The writers have really stepped up the personal dialogue this season. Burt and Ernie's arc has been a real highlight 
Am I the only one who wonders where the fuck Max and Ruby's parents are? Why are they so unsupervised except for the occasional grandma bunny?
There are theories as to what happened to Max and Ruby's parents. Actually, IIRC, it might be confirmed that they died in an accident. Look it up.
You can see a picture of their family above the couch.
Yeah my wife always says that. 
The creator of the books answered this at one point, I think: the parents aren't dead, she just doesn't feature them because she wanted the series to focus on interpersonal relationships between children and the ways kids could solve problems without needing adult intervention.
Thanks for the answer :)
My reaction is one of repost.
can we ban this guy or something? I ignored him but I still see his shitty reposts every day
Once when I was very ill, I woke up at 4am and turned on the TV. Sesame Street was on and Neil Patrick Harris was playing The Shoe Fairy. Wings, wand, the whole shebang. You bet I watched that alone. It... was... awesome.
NPH is fantastic...10/10 would watch
Not as amazing, but I remember that right after 9/11, there was nothing on TV except fear and doubt and all the horrible things surrounding the attack.  Except Sesame Street.  I stumbled on it as I tried to find something that wouldn't make me feel like the world was going to end.  Ended up watching it for a week, because it was the only show that was trying to reassure me.  It was telling me that I was alright, that my parents were alright, and that I was going to be okay.  And even though I was on the other side of the country and 18 years old, I really needed to hear that.
Having a younger sister i've experienced this many times with teletubbies. I'd snap out of my trance when the creepy sun baby would laugh.
When I was younger I loved Noo Noo.
I don't personally know this moment, but I've witnessed both of my brothers-in-law having an in-depth conversation about Phineas and Ferb because of it. They're 28 and 35.
That show is clever as fuck. There's one episode where Candice and Vanessa are searching for a Mary MacGuffin doll. The other day I was on ., and, according to the sidebar, a MacGuffin is the .. That show is damn clever.
This sounds vaguely like you may have something remotely negative to say about Phineas and Ferb, maybe. I would not recommend doing that.
Not at all. It's a good show. I just wouldn't expect men in their late 20s and mid 30s to watch enough of it to be able to carry a conversation.
You need to watch some P&F.  It's got some comedy depth.
eh.....they'll be fine...5 more minutes! I want to see what today's number is.
Ah one, ah two, ah three ... minutes wasted watching Sesame Street when you didn't have to . Source: Trolled by The Count

I don't even have kids and still occasionally watch Arthur. 
The theme song kicks ass too.
Arthur is and will always be the best children's show. The emotion, the drama, the humour, the plots, the characters--it's all good.
Agreed. We saw the christmas special around the holidays, it was genuinely funny - with some humor only an adult would understand.
Plus the ass was fat
[deleted]
His username...
And his karma ratio:.39,216 link karma.6 comment karma.Hot damn!
Link Karma is for losers.
No kidding.
I firmly believe that link karma is in fact, for losers.
Top Comments from that posting:.[]czg1374 688 points 5 months ago* (869|181)
But you still don't get up, because for some reason, this comforts you. As a child your dad beat you, fed you one meal a day, and couldn't afford TV because of his crack addiction. You never had a childhood. You're mother overdosed when you were just a baby, so you had to provide for yourself and grow up fast. Later you would realize that your father blames himself for your mother's death, and he takes out his guilt on you, which makes him feel worse because he only ever wanted to make you happy. When your wife got pregnant, you realized that you would be a better father; you would treat your son (or daughter, i dont' know) right. In raising a child, you are doing for yourself what your father didn't, raising you. You just needed some fucking sesame street.
permalinksavesourcereportgive goldsave-RESreplyhide child comments.[]RunUpToHortons 533 points 5 months ago (648|115)
Not even as a parent. When I was babysitting my niece I would get her to sleep, come back downstairs start watching the rest of the episode, because for some reason they had got me hooked. Baby crack I used to call it. They get that look in their eyes when they watch those shows...like they high as shit..[]ZajactheRabbit 445 points 5 months ago (530|85)
God dammit, Mr. Noodle!.[]too_many_rules 243 points 5 months ago (296|53)
And then there's that spike of fear as your realize that your child has been doing something QUIETLY for the past 15 minutes. Inevitably this will turn out to be something destructive..[]Africaner 216 points 5 months ago (250|34)
You know? Snuffleupagus makes some good points...
I bet you're not even a parent ...I bet you were adopted too.
 is a bot, posting for karma. I downvote every time because not a single post is original ever.
At this rate, eventually all of reddit will be completely automated..Reddit: Where the submitters, commenters, and moderators are bots, and the points don't matter.
yep, even said it himself here. I just like insulting it every day. It's an OP that won't even downvote you because you're mean.
I don't know about OP. But I am a parent. 
I am child, can confirm.
This has been posted before with the exact same title. It's all for the karma. 
My original content was re-posted by a bot and got 2000 up votes?? 

Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
I actually found myself watching Dora all by myself once. The kids had lost interest, but I apparently hadn't.
STICK-KEY TAAAAAAAAAAAPE
I'm the map I'm the map I'm the map I'm the map I'M THE MAAAAAP!
The map doesn't even make sense. He's the map, but he's standing . the map to show Dora where to go.
I find myself commenting to my wife and kids about how ridiculous some of the scenarios are on Nick Jr. The bubble guppies go to a pool to swim...THEY'RE ALREADY IN THE SEA! Then I sit in disgust with myself.
No different than going to The Goo Lagoon on Spongebob. 
That is the worst show on Nick Jr, hands down. I hate that girl's dumb hair. 
I was ranting the other day about how a swinging rope in a Dora episode stayed stationary for no less than 15 seconds before falling down again, because the viewers had to tell Dora how high the rope got. It just swung up, stayed there for a little while while Dora calmly did some talking and then it went back down once she'd given us an excrutiatingly long time to answer..Damn Dora teaching physics wrong. 
Could have been worse...could have been watching Max and Ruby (AKA Bitch and 'Tard, according to my wife).
Oh lawd help me. My son is fucking obsessed with this show. I have a theory that Max's real parents are Ruby and Roger. Makes sense, right?
Where are your parents!  
I hate that damn show. Hate it!  Drives me up the damn wall!!!
What happened to their parents? I've always wondered this. 
I asked my nephew this. He's six; his three-year-old sister loves the show but he finds it boring. He told me they had "passed on," meaning they were dead. My sister explained to him that they were just not on the show, and then cracked up as soon as he left the room. But that would explain a lot.
Holy shit, I had repressed my memories of that show. I'm so glad my kids are too old for it now. I . it. And the stupid theme song. It's just the same 3 words repeated over and over!!!
Great, now it's stuck in my head.  Thanks a lot!
max and ruby...ruby and max..
My four year old cousin actually told me that they are in prison. I'm not sure where she got that from. 
Max is SO bad and he always does the dumbest shit!
Never says anything and the only word he says is some complex word... ."Right Max?".".... Esophogus!"
He's a fucking genius like rainman.  His shit always comes together at the end and works out while ruby ends up looking dumb... why the fuck do I know this?
I don't know, but what i wanted to know, where the fuck are their parents?
OMG!!  They so ARE!!  Funniest thing I've heard all day!
OKAY RUBY WE GET IT. YOU'RE A BUNNY SCOUT.
Or even worse, Caillou. That kid is so whiny. 
He's still just a kid whose four...
Tommy Pickles was 2 for 13 goddamn years and he was 007 compared to Caillou.
Caillou is a fucking bitch. Man up you whiny cunt.
I think it's because he has cancer
I realized I was a parent when turning on the TV when all alone, the Disney Channel came up, and my first reaction was - "Cool, a new Phineas and Ferb.  I haven't seen this one."  No shame, I love Phineas and Ferb.
I'm 17 and if Phineas and Ferb is on, I'll watch it.
I don't have kids yet, and I watch the hell out of Phineas and Ferb. I'm a man in my twenties. No shame. 
Whatcha' doin?
SQUIRREL'S IN MY PANTS!
It's all good. I love Good Luck Charlie. Cute show.
Ah ya, another dad got me into that.  Now I always make sure that's the show my son watches, even if he wants to watch something else.
I loved Perry the Platypus.
"It's right the fuck behind you Dora!" -RanShaw
For an explorer she's pretty fucking useless....
The bitch fucking knows too, she is just screwing with us acting like she can't see the damn object. 
Haha, I acutually remember an episode where Dora was looking for a lion and the lion was right behind her. 
RIP Dora
So young...
Hey, Team Umi Zoomi has some solid story lines. I can't just stop watching halfway through, did Sophias butterfly costume get finished before the butterfly dance show? Yes. Yes it did.
Bubble freaking Guppies. Whoever is doing the music for that show is extremely talented. Episode after episode, they always produce.
Spoiler alert.
I don't think it's sad at all that I know exactly the episode you're talking about. 
The play at the end is adorable. *we're buzzin', we're buzzin'!".Precious. 
Wonder Pets up in this house.  Ming Ming, you lovable scamp.
They're super sewious. 
I first thought wonder pets was just stupid and annoying. After watching awhile, i actually think the show is pretty clever. 
It's sad when you and your wife have a favorite song on the nick jr commercials. Ours is the Happy birthday song, it's was a sad realization. 

My favorite one is The Moon Rocks. And the supermarket song isn't .. Like, I don't know the words and sing along with it in my head or anything.
I groan when my nephew starts watching anything on Nick Jr., but when Pocoyo starts airing, I stop pretending to be busy around the house and watch the hell out of it..Epiki pani only.
 is gold.
bubble guppies is gold, despite the fact that every time i hear the theme song i will sing it for at least 3 hours afterwards. 
bu-bu-bubble gu-gu-guppies bubble bubble bubble guppie guppie guppies
Outside, outside! Outside, everybody, outside! Line up, everybody, line up, line up, line up, line gup, gup, gup, gup, guppies! Everybody, get out, get, get, get out, get up, get everybody go....Here we go, here we go, here we go, everybody line up, here we go outside! Everybody, let's go, go, go, go, g-get out-out-out-out-out-out-out-out-out-outside! Bubble Guppies....Not gonna lie, I enjoy the show.  That damn color monster though, what an asshole, drinking up all the color in the whole world!
I've done a lot of deep thinking about Team Umi Zoomi. I have a lot of questions..Where are the police in that city? Why are tiny children and a robot solving all of the city's problems? Why is their public transportation so terrible? Do the buses and other simple forms of transportation not cater to these itty-bitty superheroes? If so, shouldn't they do an episode where they travel to a courtroom and file a discrimination lawsuit? Why is the Shape Bandit a cat? Why do all of the animals sound like humans? Why do they choose to travel in methods that are blatant wastes of time? They look at a road and go, "oh no! snakes! better jump over them in a specific pattern or we'll all die" rather than "oh no! snakes! we need to find a different fucking road!" or "is little Joey and his missing hat . that important?" And what's with Umi Car? Why doesn't he talk? Why is he only available occasionally? Why is he the only one who's allowed to drive? And who are THESE tiny superheroes that get to say "come and get us!" without saying fucking please first NOR thank you when he gets there seconds later?! How many functions does Bot have? Why do the bad guys always have the coolest music? WHY DID UMI CAR ORIGINALLY NOT HAVE EYES/A VOICE/A MOUTH AND NOW HE DOES?!.I'm raising my 5yo niece and I'm a babysitter for a 7yo girl and a 4yo boy. I have thoughts like these frequently.
SUPER SHAAAAAAAPES!
Just once I want an episode where the Team fails. 
Just wait until Milli hits puberty, she'll be all, "Get your OWN pattern power, I'm busy."
How about spoiler alerts next time you dick!
Spoiler Alert: they find the 18 Umi Coins to buy Sparkle Pup at the toy store.

I'm glad you said wait for it bc otherwise I wouldn't have. 
I could barely wait for the end of that 10 second gif. Good thing you told me to.

Dude, is this a meme? I want more of Bert in low riders. Where can I find more?
Why does Bert love to sit in the backseat of black men's cars so much?

Whenever I see them together, all I think of is Nicky and Rob from Avenue Q, hahahaha. 

That's just who he roll wit
Yao feel me?
Every damn time my kid watches Tangled, I find myself standing in front of the tv for 20 minutes holding whatever it is I was doing just thoroughly enjoying myself.  
Honey! Will you come get the kids? I am trying to watch Nacho Libre!

This is me for basically all Disney movies. They're family films for a reason!
I would do that with Mulan, Finding Nemo, and probably a few others as well..I feel like it....Makes a man out me.
It should only take you about 3 minutes to feel like a soldier.  That's how long it takes the Chinese to train their soldiers. ..
Not only is it a fun movie, its a visual stunner .
Better be, second most expensive film.
It better be. It cost more than Avatar in the end.

Seriously. The "Mother Knows Best" reprise gives me chills every time.
It was so close to being another Poor Unfortunate Souls song! But it did not go far enough and I was sad.
Hair in CGI is expensive as fuck. And Rapunzel happens to have like 70 fucking feet of it
They'll make good on that investment though. Now that they have developed the software, they can put it to good use in the next generation of Pixar/Disney/Whoever movies.
To be fair, Rapunzels hair is quite important to the story.
She is, after all, 
God dammit, Mr. Noodle!

Mr.  Noodle's brother,  Mr.  Noodle




My reaction is one of terror, where is my child and what is (s)he doing?.This happened to me once and I found my daughter hidding in the kitchen drawing all over her body with a blue pen.

And don't you dare change that channel because the moment you do, that kid will come into the room and want to watch Sesame Street.
First thing that came to my mind! Especially when it's quiet. 
All 3 of my daughters did that at some point in their lives.  What's with blue pens that makes them want to draw all over themselves?
Ask Jim Carrey.
I don't know, but we still do it to this day:
As a kid, I accidentaly stabbed myself in the hand with a blue fountain pen. But to be fair, it did not happen while drawing on myself, it happened while I was running with the uncapped pen in my left hand. I still have the tattoo that resulted..Edit: I . that I will now also post to . .

You only need to worry when they are quiet
I found mine in the kitchen, covered in confectioner's sugar. So was the rest of the kitchen for that matter. 
Completely blue mouth, hands, and chest. My daughter somehow got into our pantry (child proof lock my ass) and opened the food dye powder.

Never too young to blue yourself 
blue pen? this happens to one of my kids at least once a week.  usually with other colors too.  
Really?  That's it?  Pft.   I would find my son naked in the kitchen standing in a pile of discarded clothing and broken eggshells with a dozen egg yolks smeared across his torso and hair.
Quick! 

this is a genuine question.  I have a golden retriever, about a year and a half old, and when I don't want him to go somewhere, I just put the gate across the downstairs.how are children different?
As the child grows, the child not only expects, but needs more freedom.
If your dog really pisses you off, you can put him out in the backyard alone.  He knows it.  If your two-year-old really pisses you off, you aren't going to do anything really alarming, and he knows it.
Children don't understand "can" and "can't" until they're a certain age.  You say "no" and the kid just looks at you and does it again.  You say "no" again and the kid just looks back at you, same look, and tries again..I personally think that babies just don't have the brain power to understand what anyone "wants" (i.e., the parent doesn't want them to do something).  It's just about "doing things.".Sure, if the gate is electrified, the kid will learn real quick not to grab at it, but we don't do that around here.  Or if you yell and hit him when he does something, he'll probably stop doing it.  (The first paragraph refers to just "saying" no, and not raising your voice.).So I guess the short answer is, we don't discipline babies with physical stimulus.
My reaction to some kid's show is utter shock, i get horrified at all the screwed up shows that are often times psychedelic. 
You've been watching too much Teletubbies ;)

Well, to be fair, we had Ren & Stimpy and Rocco's Modern Life 
and Rugrats, and Doug, and Ed Edd and Eddy, and Courage the Cowardly Dog... Fucking kid's shows are acid ammo.edit: bonus points if anybody can link me that damn episode of EE&E when they trip out and fall out of their reality
 this one?
Screw all that fun stuff, go to our learning shows, the Magic School Bus was a trip and a half.

You are the fucking MAN! Awesome, I love this episode!
Small potatoes, small potatoes, small potaaaatoes.Creeped me the hell out...
This was my childhood psychedelic show.....  The Magic Roundabout

I feel you. One time it was too quiet, I went into the dining room to find my daughter covered in diaper rash cream, fully covered legs, arms, and face.
My ten year old brother did this also. He covered himself completely in diaper rash cream. .Also, I put my daughter's TV on and she leaves the room. I know all the songs from mickey mouse club house. 
Hot dog hot dog hot diggidy dog
I also received a call at work early one morning, from my wife explaining that she thought our daughter had been too warm overnight, because her hair looked soaked. Turns out she had gotten up in the middle of the night, found petroleum jelly, and emptied the entire (child size) container by putting it in her hair. Her response was, "I was trying to look beautiful."
My daughter got it all over her carpet and bed, that stuff does NOT wash away easily
I couldn't get Doc McStuffin's theme song out of my head one morning. One of my co-workers called me on it when I didn't even realize I was doing it.
Why would a 10 year old cover himself in diaper rash cream?  Seems a little old to be getting into that kind of trouble, no?

Same here but it was an orange sharpie. I didn't even know I owned an orange sharpie.
Haha its almost like a exhausted trance parents fall into. Then a commercial hits and you look around for your child and then crap you hear the toilet flushing over and over and run into the bathroom to find your child has shoved the whole roll of toilet paper down the toilet and it has over flowed, flooding the bathroom. Then your child does the most predictable thing.......CRY!!
This just happened to me last week.
Haha oh kids gotta love them
My son outdid my daughter. A few months ago my 2 year old son came down the stairs with some white liquid on his hands. I wiped it off, it smelt like vim ( liquid comet ). So I went upstairs. He emptied a costco size vim container on the bathroom floor and spread the vim all over the bathroom, the hallway, and our bedroom..The cupboard had 'child safety locks' on it, but that didn't stop him. We have to put all our pills ( advil, benadryl etc... ) up high because he can also open "child proof" pill bottles.
Ahh, the dreaded "Silent child"..As a stay at home dad I wish for peace and quiet, however when It does happen it is panic time. 
Puppies are the same way! Too quiet? Better go find them before your roll of toilet paper is shredded all over the floor.
I know the activity well.

That's hilarious.  It looks like she tried to eat it as well.
Most likely, yes.
children can climb.

My reaction is also one of terror:  WHAT DO YOU MEAN I HAVE A KID???
When they are quiet, something is wrong.
I have 3 kids, oldest is 5. I know this all too well. As much as the screaming and running gets tiresome, silence is terrifying. My first thought is not "Are they dead?", it's "What did they do now?" My oldest used to hide under our dining room table when he had something he wasn't supposed to. Mini blinds on the floor, toys in the toilet, marker on the walls, lip gloss on kitty. It never freaking ends.
Or broken. Source: I have two boys.
The worst is when you get out of the shower and they look up at you doe eyed and say "I love you".Either their little brother is hurt or there is poop somewhere
I got out of the shower once to my bedroom walls, full legnth mirror, and my daughter entirely covered in vicks vapor rub. As soon as I got out of the shower I knew something was wrong because I instantly recognized that smell in the air
Mine take after their dad and only tell me they love me when I ask them to tell me.
"I love you, mommy!"."WHAT HAVE YOU DONE"
For me it was "I love you, mommy!"
"What do you want now?"
She was just ..
A race war?

"Aye, if I stay here I won't die. But I'll run, and you won't know... at least for a while. And lying on your couch, a few minutes from now, you'll be willin' to trade ALL the days, from this day to that, for one chance, just one chance, to go back in time and tell me, your daughter, that I can draw permanent blue pen on some things, but the day before family pictures I should never draw it on....MY FAAAAACE!"

You've got . blue on you.
I was waiting for this.
The pen is Red.
The pen is mightier.

I fucking love this movie
B.B. King?
Holy shit... I have never noticed that. 
Suzuki B-King. One of my favorite bikes.
King of the Blues
Genius
THE GOD DAMN PEN IS BLUE!!

lol, Penis blue.
Ahahaha....penis
i gave you that upvote

R-r-r-r-roooooooyaaaalll blluuueeeee

You're great.

I like how you suppress my imagination and help me preserve brain calories. Thanks man.
Might want to get your floor looked at, it seems to be collapsing under the fridge.

You've had colored pencils this whole time???
I think i just blue myself
It would have been creepy if you drew the exact layout of their kitchen. .It would have been terrifying if you accurately depicted their daughter.
I smile a little everytime I come across your posts. 
I was really hoping you would have her with words on her face like ..
THE GOD DAMN PEN IS .!!!!
looks like she's shooting up
or cutting herself :(
Looks like she has a hoof for a hand.
Yeah definitely dark tone to this sketch. 
My daughter, wife and I think your sketch is really great!.I think I'll print this one out!.Thanks!
I second this! My wife and I both chuckled because my daughter would totally do this, and the sketch with pig tails and all looks just like my daughter.

Put it on the fridge - according to the sketch yours doesn't have anything on it yet.
;)
[deleted]

I just put it on the fridge now!
The first link not the second that was posted right? (movie mama)
Yo dawg, I heard you like fridges...


Yo dawg.
Shit, I'm drunk. I think this is really funny, and apparently think replying is a good idea.
What the fuck, Chegism. I trusted you.

I feel like we've crossed paths before.

GO AWAY!
Wow. What is this from?

thank you for my nightmares.
Dude.....why man i was feeling so good
Hmm, what's this from?

the movie mama 

Oh fuck. You reminded me that I want to play Corpse Party before I sleep.

MORE MORE MORE!
OP, you're such a tool
Guys come one we told you not to race in those things
This is where the mean cops would subject drunk people to the line test.
This is what it looks like when you take psychedelics and get in a vehicle 
Don't. Cross. Anything.
"I want you guys to go out and paint the roads until you have no paint left."
.
"That was pretty damn fast, did you use all the paint?"
"Yeah."
You had one job.
I thought the Shoveler was Hammered.
for some reason I feel that this is not far from my house, i wanted to take a picture of it for a while to post here... may i ask where this was taken? 
Also fired.
pretty

I bet that looks really cool when you're driving.
Looks like they are already home.
FOLLOW THE YELLOW STRIPED ROAD!

Might want to see if the road was adopted by a Kosmo Kramer
If at first you don't succeed, try, try ah fuck it just go home
Or just using a section of road designated for sprayer testing. 
You tell us. 
someone just did an hour after i posted... Just outside Garson
There should have been a sign indicating that this is a paint testing area.
This is what my mom sees when she drives. 
So.. is it a passing lane?
Dude, is this outside of Garson, ON going towards Skead?  I grew up out there and it looks the exact same.
Yup!
That's so cool! The first post from Sudbury I recognize.  I grew up in Hanmer and I worked at the Starbucks in the RioCan center in college so I used to pass by there a few times a week.  Anyway, not sure why I'm sharing this, I guess I'm just impressed I found someone from Sudz.  Take her easy!
I go to school at Laurentian... Do I get a hug too?
hahaha I felt the exact same way when I recognized this picture! Interesting to see people on reddit not far from where I am!
That would be so slick when it rains..Drifting time.
Or, you know they're doing resistance testing on different compositions of paint
That is a motorcyclists worst nightmare.
THERE'S NO RULES!

There's one rule
Yes. Yes there are rules.
Thumbs up for the title ;)
As someone who is hammered I see no problem.
More like on acid
What about The Bowler, Mr. Furious, The Spleen, and The Blue Raja??
Follow the yellow paved road
If it was testing, they would also spray them the other way to test for wear..There is a section in Sacramento and another heading into the Bay Area in California where they do this..But they have a sign next to it indicating "Pavement Marking Test Area."
Those lines are beautiful! 
WARP SPEEEEEED!
This is out of line!
Road Crew: "Just fucking drive anywhere, we give up!"
Nailed it!
That's where they test the sprayer on the truck not funny....
Lol, I see this up around the Kingston, ON area on the highway.. I think they use certain roads for testing? Was there signs up to let you know about this? 
I've been here, there are no signs. You have to turn off of the main road to get to it. No real danger of anyone being confused about what the area is for.
Also on there are some on the 400 between Toronto and Barrie
I'm from Kingston.  There's a sign on the 401 right before it that says "Paint strip test area 2km"
"Road", by Vincent Van Gogh
More like Jackson Pollock
This is where they test paint sprayers on trucks. 
And probably where they train the new guys before they fuck up a road somewhere.
Apparently my city skipped that step. There are fuck ups everywhere this year!
Nah your city is just training all the new guys for the state.
City planning logic
Thank you for changing up the phrase a bit...
I'm horrible at titles and really didn't want to put"I see your crazy lines and raise you this.." 
You are a ok op.
*an
*okay
k
Potassium
Potatoe
potato. do it right.
I meant like A-OK, not a ok. If that makes sense.
Ooohh, my apologies.
You mustn't be from around here...
We don't apologize here...
I'm from Minnesota, we're close to Canada.
group hug!
They were doing too many lines
That's pretty much all I did when I did that job.
Cheapen it.
I see what you did there.
It's the pavement paint testing area. .They do it in NY all the time to see what holds up well. 
test road; please ignore
Don't cheapen it
I doubt they are testing.  Looks more like they're cleaning nozzles in the applicator at the end of the day.  Testing happens at the paint factory, the road crews just spray the shit.
Where I'm from, road paint test areas have lines that go perpendicular to the road - that way one cannot be confused by various parallel lines everywhere :P
Yep, the one I pass on I-4 has horizontal lines.
This isn't a "road" per say. It's just part of their unused driveway out of the facility.
They're not testing anything here. Testing would involve discrete samples, not tons of lines sprayed over top of one another..This is almost definitely a Department of Transportation garage. Before they go out to paint new lines, they have to fill up the reservoir and prime the lines, so they spray a little on the ground. When they're done, they have to empty the reservoir and lines, so they spray a little on the ground. That's what you're seeing here.
They could be, there is a little bit more than just spraying paint on the road. Not saying it isn't priming/staging, I used to work for the D.O.T and we would do paint strip tests from time to time. 
How would you be able to tell samples apart when they are sprayed all over each other. .If they were doing actual tests, it would be a lot better organized.
Better organized? the D.O.T. :P It could be thickness test, reflective test, overlap test, who knows. It's probably not that in this picture, i'm just saying it could be.
 is what I meant by more organized. .Usually a label would be by test strips. .I like the joke though haha, it's currently orange barrel season in my city, and it is horrible.
Normal road: keep right except to pass, so everyone drives in the left lane..Paint test road: keep left except to pass, so everyone keeps right..Wat...?
I'm as confused as you are now haha. 
ALL HAIL COCO BOT!!!!
So can anyone post a video of this?
ah... it's summer time.
You are a shill that has been called out by ...To see what they wrote about you, go here:
Nobody cares
This isn't a funny joke.
I usually like Conan, but he comes off as a fucking idiot because of this 'joke'.
Agreed. I'm so over the Paula Deen issue. So much more in the world to be concerned about.
Nigger fridizzle.
So the black guy that held a gun to her head gets a pass because she used a word that he probably uses every day?
This right here is just distasteful after all of the crap she had to go through. I never thought conan was funny, but now I know he is just an asshat
The obvious part is the watermark. All the bot ones have the Teamcoco logo on the image. Who would make a meme with "TEAM COCO
teamcoco.com" on the top right corner?
These are from team coco's facebook page. They get posted there then a week or two later someone posts them on reddit.
People saying it's summer time is more fucking stupid than the submissions that get posted.
Step 1. post photo of Conan.Step 2. That's it actually, apparently that's all you need to do anymore to get karma
Wow, Conan being a terrible person like usual.
Not a terrible person, just a terrible comedian. As usual.
tagged as "conan bot". will downvote every post you make from now on
That was not funny at all. What black friday has to do with someone being fired?.Downvoted.
I think because he is black.
This is an awful joke..Just awful.
I don't get it. Why is the publicist calling it Black Friday?
Yeah, that was a pretty weak and contrived joke.
This is strange, this whole time I thought reddit liked Conan but in fact robots have a sense of humor too!
Yeah,a shitty one
;)
Conan, this is making me not want to watch your show. I like your show. I think it's funny. I went to a taping, I had a great time. Please, please stop doing this. Stop making this the first thing that pops into my head when someone mentions Conan.
I bet he reads this.
oh i get it because nigger. so funny. 
Oh look,  it's the negger guy! 
Paula Deen got in more trouble for saying "ngga" than Zimmerman did for killing one
What was the story on Paula doing that anyway? I've missed out.
She admitting to calling her server a Nigger before in like the 70s and people are freaking out about it.
What the fuck? 
As if the people freaking out about it have never said "nigger" before in their life. 
Self defense is strange like that.
446 upvotes, 3 comments including mine. Seems legit
THE CONAN BOTS ARE HERE!
I mean, if you look at the users profile you'll notice that he's been on reddit for a bit now. 
we're not saying that the op is a bot, the theory is that any conan related post that anyone submits gets upvoted by bots
Where's that investment meme when you need it?.CONAN POSTS TRENDING.CONAN BOTS ON THE RISE.INVEST ALL KARMA IN CONAN
not everything needs to be a meme
It's 5am and I'm still awake, to me everything needs to be a meme. :( I'm sorry.
Welcome to .... Where the users think in "memes"
I think you just thought in a meme but I'm not sure. I still haven't slept. I guess I turn into one of you guys when I'm exhausted. ;) Just poking fun.
Hey, Conan's marketing team. You're harming your client with this constant spamming..Stop it.
For real, fucking stop making me annoyed every time I see him.
It's not like anyone is watching the show.
So, uh, is anyone else sick of this Conan bullshit?
I just want to see the tangible proof. With the memebase guy, they were able to find actual evidence of gaming bots. So if the Conan people are doing the same thing, I want to see the proof of it. Otherwise it's just a case of Reddit having a thing for Conan and upvoting his content, whether it's been submitted by a Conan staffer or not.
If only the mods would moderate....who am I kidding they don't even follow their own rules. 
Yeah I thought the admins were meant to be on top of this sort of thing, and it's so blatant.
Fucking thank you

8 hours, 16 comments, nearly 1500 upvotes. Yup. Bots. 
what?
A Conan post hits the front page almost daily..They hit the front page in record time, with few comments and a Team Coco watermark.
Why would he bring cats to a cat-holic meeting? 

I've never admitted to a mistake.  What would I have made a mistake about?
You have got to be kitten me!
What do you mean this isn't a method-one class?
Pothole..Lighthouse..Catholic..I could see the mistake.
I fell like "Mass" would be a simpler term than "Catholic Meeting."
Well this is awkward
Common mistake among redditors.
I think of this comic every time I listen to .. 
This would SO happen to me.
I immediately regret this decision! 

Such a funny guy.
Siiiiigh... upvote
So clearly . is just emptying out into . and .....This is going to go poorly. 
That comment is so meta.
I wouldn't say a huge mistake. More on the minor side of the spectrum. Colin can just take his cats and go watch Netflix 
Time to leave right meow!
Repost.
The image would be funnier without the caption.

Cat-holics Anonymous
r/atheism is leaking
Did someone say steak?
Getting grandpa out of purgatory.....Giggity
My name is Colin..I would make this mistake everyday.
Is it sinful to love pussies? 
It is for women.
Only if snacks are being served.
In Australia the ACL (Australian Cat Ladies) took ownership of the ACL website (Australian Christian Lobby), no shit it's true.
Reposting this is exactly that, a huge mistake.
Gondii > Ghandi.
Gandhi*
5 minutes in Colin.
I was wondering, where's the god damn comma.  Poor choice of a name with bad punctuation gives some of us giggles. 
BECAUSE THEY CAT HELP THEMSELVES
Still, I think it crossed the feline.
If I had a cent for everytime I've seen this, I would have exactly 3 cents.
3 TIMES!?!?!?! BRING ME THE HEAD OF THE REPOSTER ON A PLATTER OF POORLY FROSTED POP-TARTS!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Only 3?
Your novelty account is bad, and you should feel BAD.
You're not even close to being funny. .Really. Your troll account sucks. 
I think it's kinda funny imho. Well not this comment. But the others are mildly amusing.
FTFY

Only if this was forwarded to OP from his or her grandma. Or mom. Or granddad. You know. But not just because someone sees it and thinks 'hey my grandma would like this' or 'this is so old even my grandma knows it already' 
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
Was it just me or am I realizing that it cost OP 39.99 for ten gallons?! 
Must. Make. EVEN!
10 gallons is pretty glorious.
Go for $40, it's easier to balance your checkbook without having to deal with change.
But $39.99 makes it look like its on sale..
Or the price right before taxes.
Al Bundy did it first. Soap on a Roprah. 
Direct link to buy it on Amazon:  . 
The Oprah is going to descend on those poor bastards like a sharknado, they won't even know what hit them.
What kills me is the "talented loveliness."
I hope its full of bees.
what exactly does talented loveliness smell like??
This made me snort :D
Aaaand repost.
Soap for you, Soap for you, Soap for everybody! 
Good job sir! Upvote for you, even though it was actually Peg.
Minge!
I guess we got some...
.
Soap Oprahs.
YEEAAAHHHHHHHHH
Came here looking for this :)
Shut the fuck up you fucking queer. What the fuck is a sharnado? Is it part of your neckbearded language that you made with your other neckbearded friends? Fuck you faggot, the fuck does FlyOceanic even mean? Fucking wanna-be-clever fedora wearing chubby ass manchild. I hope you get your testicles eaten by an indian diagnosed with herpes and rabies, if you even had any balls you fucking mangina
Why you mad bro?
Looks like someone found Josh's soap.
Has anyone tried pairing this with the Martin Loofah King Jr? 
That's awesome!
It never gets old
you get some bubbles, and you get some bubbles, and YOU GET SOME BUBBLES!!!  EVERYONE GETS BUBBLLLLLLLLLLLLLLES!
You made me laugh audibly that time rather than just smiling and scrolling on. You get an upvote sir/madam.
At least it's not a Soap Oprah. I hate those.
Dangerously looks like soda. Doesn't help that it looks like grape...
This could be some bubble trouble!
Lol at the bottom:."Soaprah Winfrey in no way contains any parts of the TV host..."
lol is this a real thing?
You're getting cleaned! You're getting cleaned! Everybody's getting cleaned!
 get a bubble! And . get a bubble! . gets a bubble!
"You are my... hoperah."."ONE THOUSAND, TWO THOUSAND, THREE THOUSAND. OPRAH'S GOT A DOUBLE D CUP FULL O' DOUGH!" 
Probably just like Taylor swifts hair. Just ask charles.
Did he win?!
Need a Martin Loofah King with that Soaprah.
A local gift shop in my hometown sells soaps and hand sanitizer like these. My favourite is the So Maybe You Touched Your Genitals hand sanitizer. 
You can buy those on Amazon too. Link to the . and the . . They are made by a company called "Blue Q"  who also makes the Soaprah Winfrey soap.
This is bullshit..i posted this exact picture and got like 2 up votes 
You actually care about karma? Pathetic
So you won't mind these downvotes?
It depends on the time of day you submit it, the title you use, where you put it, etc. .This guy posted his around dinnertime with a kind of eye catching title. Your title was probably too long for the average Redditor to grasp..The . happened 
I may be the minority, but upon review, I remember your title not the comparison. Hmm. Whatever. You got the vote. So, win?
Actually, I saw both submissions and compared both users' comment history to get a better feel for which one was the better user. Then I made a calculated decision, made my vote and wrote the other submission off as a repost. Fact is, I just don't like ., as a person.
wow, you actually care that much about voting on reddit? incredible.
I used to be addicted to soap jokes, but I'm clean now.
Hi Dean, I'm Paul. Glad your hangup is in the past.
I see someone played the last of us
This novelty account isn't working out so great is it? 
Good thing you cleaned your hand of that problem
I think we all need to wash our hands of this pun thread
I'm being showered by puns right now.
Knock it off or my head is going to pop
These yolks are horrible!
...one of these things is not like the other. 
Hate to burst your bubble guys, but this pun thread's all washed up.
upvote anything Always Sunny in Philadelphia
yes!!!!!
Shut up and take mah muhneeee!
/r/itsalwayssunnyinphilidelphia
That looks very classy just like the rape... I mean sexing scene.
  :)
This title and post are terrible
This thing irritates me though, it's "uhh ahh uhhhhhh" Not "woaahhhh" :/ 
Sploosh.
Dammit Pam!
Puts joke in title... really?
So, when are the achievement hunters getting one of these?
No guys THIS is the best version. . 
after reading the title what was the point of me clicking on the pic?
To see that someone actually put that much time into this. I thought it was pretty sweet. 

I'm glad people enjoy my work! 
I miss Always sunny...
Netflix. Relive the idiocy. 
I want this!
They took you nightman and you don't belong to them. They locked me in world of darkness without your sexy hands and I miss you nightman. 
This is brilliant! I'm going to have to use my mad skills and build one for my house.
I'm gonna use my happy skills and build one. 
I MUST HAVE THIS!
Forgot about this song. Now it's time to sing it over and over in my head for a couple of weeks.
As a new fan to IASIP, YES!
Where may a lady go about purchasing a pattern for this?
you don't need a pattern! design your own! it's a simple geometric design essentially, but if you need a pic made into something go here: .   if you need text, go here: .it's so easy to make one using photoshop/ pixlr.com/editor/...even excel you can create a simply grid based picture
Dayman !!! 
You gota pay the troll toll to get in the boys hole
Never using Google translate again.
What were you trying to translate?
[deleted]
nightcrawlers. come on man.
i want this, and am only posting so i can remember this tomorrow. (please try to ignore)
Can I commission something? Just a small piece with a sweet message. Something along the lines of "welcome to our home, now go fuck yourself"
Oh wow, this is just brilliant.
For some reason, it reminded me of ..
Weird.  I was just singing this ALL DAY at work.
I NEED this. 
My friend and I have been singing this all day! Nice work fellow Etsian. 
didn't even have to look at the pic. OP is too kind
Here is a thought op, instead of writing all that why not title the post, "the night man cometh?" 
I didn't really put enough thought into it, as has been pointed out to me. In the future I'll work on my subtlety. 
Yes, did someone call for me?
wait i need to do an ocular pat-down!
This made me go and watch the episode.
This has been my ringtone for two years.
I would pay many people from the old times for this.
My 
I like that version way more than the dubstep version. 
I very much would like one of these.
Wow, that is fucking weird, I just saw this episode for the first time last night.  Dennis is such an asshole.
Awesoome

Oh man. This, this made my morning. Thank you sir
Im still looking for kitten mittens if someone would help me with that
I have a bleached asshole!-Artemis
I'm surprised it hasn't gathered dust
Stage freeze!

I feel the right to say something!
This is amazing.
Damnit it's stuck in my head again!
The great Matt Dayman!
That is the cutest thing I have seen in a long time
I'll take one please....Thank you.
i have this t-shirt...and everyone i meet has no clue as to what it means...awesome
Aaaand bought the pattern!  Thanks for putting this up!  You should cross post to . 
From where?
That's awesome. You have experience with cross stitch I assume?
Yep.  I do a bit every night as I find it to be quite relaxing.  It's super easy too.  Basically color by numbers but with needles and thread.
Jesus, there really . a subreddit for everything.
The link I posted above. 
Gotcha. Sorry, didn't see the pattern only option.
That is beautiful
it reminds me of an old geocities webpage
Actually it really does. 
God damn it, don't sing it. don't sing it. don't sing it. don't singaahhhhHHH...MOTHER FUCKING DAYMAN WOAHOHOH!!
Way to put the . line in the title?
It's not really much of a punchline, more just awesome. 
So, was this supposed to be funny? I don't understand. What is there to laugh about here?
FTFY
For the lazy
 Animated version with a remix.
Best remix is dripping in sexual magic.
I prefer this version : 
I've watched this literally over a dozen times 
Well I prefer this version  
Good job, now make one about how we don't diddle kids.
I think that one could make a good Valentine's day card that has the mini speaker in it that plays the audio. 
Nothing. This is a bible quote. 
So it's not supposed to be funny?
Have you ever seen its always sunny in Philadelphia?
The reason why I first posted was that I wasn't sure what the joke was. The only thing I knew is that whatever the content said, the title had literally every bit of it. So I figured whatever the punch line was, it must be in the title. I got mad because I spent about 10 minutes re-reading the title and the content, posted my comment and read that it's more just awesome... Rather than it being a joke...
Woosh
the little border of karate guys didn't make you at least smile?
So no, you've never seen this episode? 
Yes.
God, you've missed out.
Just a little ..
I feel I may be needed here
You once were a boy but now you're a man. 
The "whoa" stuff kinda ruins it for me. Dennis just says ahhhhh. 
Not to mention they spelled "whoa" wrong.
[deleted]
Please explain. I don't hear any w in his voice at all.
Listening back on it you may have an argument here.. I think they're submitting to the common spelling for multiple part phonetic exclamations, such as this. Regrettably (or not so much) this song is gonna stay in my head for at least an hour or so.
Yeah it's been in my head all day. 
i designed this piece.  and yes, it technically is ahhh. but i just didn't think it looked right.  woah oh oh is kinda just a more stylized way to say it...so it looks a bit more "formal" for the stitch..but yes, when singing aloud, i suggest we all stick to AHHHH
Same reason for leaving out "You're a" in front of master?
I wish you would redesign it with Ahhhh....I'd buy fifteen. .Probably not, but it'd be better.
Don't tell me what to do.
Where can a man go about purchasing this?
I know a girl who is a expert at this kind of crafts. I emailed her this and she said she would be mor than happy to attempt to make it. I will keep you updated on how it goes.
I was actually about to post the link. . is the link.
Thank you for this link. I was just going to figure out the pattern for myself, but they sell it! Yay awesome things plus supporting the original artist who designed it!
I thought that's what Reddit was supposed to be? You're welcome!
I am going to report you to charlie day. Noone steals from It's always sunny and charges me 350 for some shitty ass cloth.
I already reported me. I posted this from prison. 
Okay well in that case I'll buy one to get you a few more packs of cigarettes and soap on a rope to keep you out of trouble.
Upvote for name!
it's most certainly not stealing.  just a fan of the series and i wanted to make an awesome stitch.  i do ask that anyone wanting to stitch it buy the pattern from me here: .it takes a good deal of time to design a pattern, but you can easily make this piece yourself.  anyone can cross-stitch, it's just very time consuming.  all of the supplies are pretty cheap as well or i also offer a kit if you don't want to go hunting for supplies..this piece is easily about 30+ hours of stitching time.  add in materials, framing, etc...and i'd say i'm making minimum wage.
I'm assuming you designed this?
Hi...yes I did.  Thanks for posting it!
Shut up and take my mo... Oh $350...never mind :-(
And then I realized that the guy selling this thing wasn't no cross stitcher, it was a 8 story tall crustacean from the Paleozoic era. That goddamned Loch-Ness monster had tricked me again!
"LET ME TELL THE DAMN STORY, WOMAN!"
...And now I'm up here.
Just pay someone on craigslist to make it. Im gonna go position a hobo right now.
I think the word you are looking for is proposition.
Mmmmm.....no. He's got it correct. 
Proposition 8?
What position?
bottom
Power bottom 
power bottom
Does the power have to do with the size or strength of the bottom?
Speed has EVERYTHING to do with it
Filibuster 

Just make it!  The pattern is <$9 and the materials should sum to less than $30.  After that, it's just some time.  Cross stitching is quite soothing.
Where would you get the pattern?
If you click on the link that OP provided, there is an option for "pattern only" or "kit."  The kit provides you with aida, thread, and needles or the pattern is downloadable (but you'd have to get the materials yourself - I went for this option).
hmm, then I can give this to my grandma as a present for her to make... and since she always gives me the finished product as gifts...
gotta pay the troll toll.
I feel like I should do some karate in there somewhere
You called for some .?
To get into the boy's hole.
Are you chewing gum? I said no gum. It sounds like you're saying boy's hole. 
Artemis, you did write 'soul', didn't you? 
It's boy's soul, you're trying to get to the boy's soul.
the doorway to the soul is through the butt-hole.
I was . now i'm up to 
Oh my God!  It just disappeared.  It's a ghost-car! There are ghost-cars all over these highways, you know.
Bake him away, toys!

Bart: Take him away boys..Wiggum: I'll give the orders around here! Bake him away toys..Lou: What's that chief?.Wiggum: Do what the kid said...
just because you like him doesn't mean nobody else appreciates him, jackass. everyone i know who knows the simpsons also knows and loves chief wiggum. Choke on your karma.
Underrated? Go fuck yourself.
Hank Azaria FTW
I love his ..
This is playing off of a scene from The Shining. Minions post some links please and someone repost the Simpsons post that showed other movie moments
I never got that until I saw it captioned just now!
Best Treehouse of Horror ever
Two words: 

"They only come out at night. Or in this case, the daytime."
"It's not my job to talk people out of killing themselves"
no he's not.
under-rated by who?
Blue Haired Lawyer lived up to expectation again and again, he dominated each scene with such conviction! I consider him to be a severely underrated character.
"Bake him away toys..."
It's so nice to see a kid using a wooden bat. These days it's all aluminum this and George W. that.
Hold me...
Favorites:.and 
what'd you say, tmantran?
Is this from The Shinnin' episode? 
I am really getting sick of these "So and So is an underated character posts"
Lou: UHH... Sir? I think there was a dead body in there. .Wiggum: You know Lou, I thought that too, until he said .. You gotta learn to listen. 
Hey! I was watching that! And I was sitting there!
You know who's really underrated? Homer.
Chief Piggum
Oh God now everyone is gonna find a funny line from every Simpson character with a small roll... 
i don't think there are any "underrated" characters on the show.
Oh whatever. Wiggum, Moe, and Lenny are the best characters in the show.
If by underrated you mean not underrated at all then yes
Chief Wiggum: Put out an APB on a Uosdwis R Dewoh. Ahh...Better start with Greektown. 
Joe Friday: That's Homer J Simpson, Chief. You're reading it upside down.
Chief Wiggum: Ahh... Cancel that APB. But oh, bring back some of them gyros!
Joe Friday: Ah, Chief.. You're talking into your wallet. 
since when???? you people...
do not be alarmed.. continue swimming naked
"Bake em away toys"
"No, no, no, dig UP stupid!"
I think that was Moe, not Wiggum.
No, it was Wiggum.  
That always bugged me, even as an eight (or so) year old when I first saw it. It would be possible to dig up... well sideways for a bit then diagonally up.
As one of the most recognised supporting characters I have to ask: in what way and by whom is he underrated?
no he isn't, he is beloved
I love that he turns the radio off after.

dude whee have u been we all love that dude. He is the best ever. Ever. I mean ever ever ever. Like ever.
Simpson's did it!
my favorite line was from when he was monitoring the tax day crush at the post office "the harder you push the faster we'll all get through"
You've got the wrong number this is 9-1-..2.
DADDY'S BANG BANG!
He rates very high in my book.  ...Also my favorite episode..Cheers!
Thanks, I needed that.
Very welcome..The rest of that episode is pure classic Simpsons gold IMO.
Chief Wiggum: Mrs. Simpson, I have some bad news; your husband was found DOA.
Marge: Oh my God! He's dead?!
Chief Wiggum: Oh, wait, I mean DWI. I always get those two mixed up.
Mrs. Phillips: My name's Mrs. Phillips. You said my husband's DWI?
Chief Wiggum: Um, why don't you talk to that officer over there? I'm going out to lunch.
TIL OP doesn't know what "underrated" means.
Can't anyone take the law into their own hands? 

"SCUM, FREEZEBAGS!"
This is the FBI: Be on the lookout for a 1936 . 
No he isn't...
"What what what!? This better be about pizza!"
Hans Moleman is probably the most underrated. As much that is known about him, there still hasn't been an episode dedicated to his backstory.
I love that Matt Groening's mother's maiden name was Wiggum. 
"It's tough, juggling my career and my family like so many juggling balls.... Two, I suppose."
"it's getting harder and harder to make it here by ten"
Answers phone: "No, this is 9-1....2."
This episode is  one of my all time favorites from The Simpsons, as well as my favorite Halloween skit. It has so many funny jokes and scenes! 
Piggum
Underrated? What are you talking about? He's been completely utilized on the show and loved by many. 
He called me Chief Piggim!!!!
NOTHING GET'S CHOCOLATE OUT...
That's some nice postin', OP
By Chief Wiggum, do you mean Hans Moleman? AKA the best character in The Simpsons.
really? Underrated?
Lou: Chief, it looks like an explosion at the old Simpson place!
Wiggum: Ah, we'll get to it later...
Lou: Looks like beer coming out of the chimney.
Wiggum: I am proceeding on foot, call it in Lou! (gets out and runs)
Lou: Pretzels, repeat, we need pretzels!
CLASSIC!
Lou: "Well why don't you go down the well, Chief?".
Wiggum: "I'm too... (.) important."


Gotta love Wiggum. Reminds me of this line from the episode that was on yesterday (from the one where Homer makes "SpringShield" and becomes head of police):.
Homer: I'm giving this badge to the next guy I see!.
Wiggum: Hah, that's how I got the job the first time! * . *
Well, not that underrated. According to this list he is at 12th place
Do you know that you don't have to force post titles into these shitty templates?

I even have my own catchphrase: MWAHHHH.

Wiggum: "Uh-oh, all of the lights are out. We need to get the entire force working on this."
Lou: "Chief, we are the entire force"
Wiggum: "then we gotta start recruiting, Lou"
Yeah we've all seen the episode...
Suspect is hatless - I repeat: hatless!
Treehouse of horror! The shinning 
You mean shining!  .Shhhh, wanna get suuuued?  
Underrated by what standards?  He's one of the best characters on the show.  And has been since he first aired.  Few characters have been fleshed out as well as him (pun intended).
Poor wiggum...
He and Milhouse are my favorites. Can anyone recall when Wiggum tells Lou to lose the attitude, or something along those lines? And lou didn't really have an attitude he just told him something.  That was my favorite line and I don't remember it.
Dunno if this is it, but I found:    .Chief Wiggum: Alright, men. Open fire!.
[Cops shoot at dome; the bullets ricochet and hit them].
Chief Wiggum: Who's hurt? Raise your hand..
[Cops raise their hands moaning].
Chief Wiggum: Without the attitude.     .from the Movie.
Up vote for Milhouse being one of the best Characters on the show. 
"Ah, nothing beats a good porno movie."
   -- Chief Wiggum.Krusty nervously asks, "Is this a bust?" Wiggum quickly agrees..Lisa:         "That story isn't suitable for children.".
   Chief Wiggum: "Really? I keep my pants on in this version.".-- "I Love Lisa''
Everything is coming up Milhouse!
THRILLHO
the house always wins
Put out an APB for a Uosdwis R. Dewoh. Uh, better start with Greektown
Would it be in bad taste to name my firstborn son "Uosdwis"?
And while you're there bring me back some of those uhh gyros.
Chief, you're talking into your wallet.
That's Homer Simpson chief, you're reading it upside down.
home J simpson
Now I'm wondering where his son got to be so smart.
[deleted]
Woosh.
[deleted]
Believe me, the only person here not understanding it is you. There's no reason to argue the point.
[deleted]
I'm being honest with you here. I'm not trolling you in any way, and you're reacting way too defensively. Most people would understand what this person said without any problem.
[deleted]
The fact you resorted to name-calling and cursing implies that you do care. I merely wished to enlighten you so you wouldn't immediately jump to such conclusions in the future like you've done here. I mean it when I say that I'm doing this with the friendliest of intentions.
[deleted]

"I'd rather let a thousand guilty men go free, than chase after them."
"Let him go, Lou... anyone driving that fast doesn't have time for a speeding ticket."
One of my favorite Wiggum scenes, from the movie. 
Right? Lou needs to work on listening.
How is he underrated? 
I think he's properly rated.

I was trying to convey sarcasm as a German. I suppose it didn't work.
No, don't worry. What you said was fine!
Nah, that other person is just a damn fool.
Continue swimming naked! ....  Come on continue!
Alright, Lou, open fire
"Quarter pounder with cheese? Well, I can imagine the cheese but...do they have Krusty partially gelatinated non-dairy gum based beverages?"
Yeah. They call them Shakes!
Sakes? You don't know what you're getting.
"That's good work, Lou. You'll make sergeant for this one."
"But I already am a sergeant, Chief."
"Quiet, Lou! Or I will bust you down to sergeant your head will spin!"
You missed a couple of small words.
: "See Bart, you see what happens when you don't follow the rules?".(in jail): "Yes chief wiggum.".: "and see what happens when you rob the bank, snake?". (in jail) : "yes chief wiggum.".:" and Lou, you see what happens when my coffee comes back cold?".(in jail): "Chief you asked for an iced coffee!".: "no, I asked for a . coffee!"
"This is Papa Bear. Put out an APB for a male suspect driving a... car of some sort, heading in the direction of uh... you know, that place that sells chili. Suspect is hatless! Repeat, hatless!"
I can't . til they throw his hatless butt in jail!
Ralph: It tastes like Grandma!
Chief Wiggum: Hey! It DOES taste like Grandma!
Best Chief line.Lisa: That story is not appropriate for children..Chief Wiggum: Really?  I had my pants on in this version.  
"Is this 911?" "No, this is 91...2"
One of my fav lines from the Simpsons
Continuity error. 912 is the real number in the Stonecutters episode.
Wrong.  Wiggum was in the Stonecutters and "912" was priviledged knowledge; thusly throwing off the caller.
Therfore perfect continuity.
"Fat Tony is a cancer in this fair city. He is the cancer, and I am the, um... what cures cancer?"
"Oh, uh, I'm, er, I'm on a road. Uh, looks to be asphalt...oh, geez, trees, shrubs...er, I'm directly under the earth's sun...now!"
Put out an APB for a... Eustwis R. Dewo ...Uh, better start with Greek Town.
Bake him away, toys!
What'd you say, Chief? 
No no, dig UP stupid...
This is Papa Bear. Put out an APB for a male suspect, driving a... car of some sort, heading in the direction of, uh, you know, that place that sells chili. Suspect is hatless. Repeat, hatless.
Bad Cops, Bad Cops...
I can't wait until they throw his hatless butt in jail. 
I hope they catch his hatless butt.
-"They just disappeared!".-"Oh my GOD! It's a ghost car!"
Hold me
Only if you hold me.
"Mmm, engine-black eggs. If we can keep these down, we'll be sittin' pretty."
*engine block
Quiet! I can't hear the eggs!
until now i always thought it was engine black eggs..
Really? That... makes sense.
And I thought he said "shittin' pretty' as in no trouble with vomiting the eggs back up, no trouble with direahora as they come out.

LOL ARCHER reference!
Came here for that one.
Just do what the boy said

*mystery
Ralph flicked a booger in there, and he wants it back.
I love how Ralph's just staring at his father's crotch
[deleted]
Nobody can replace I_Only_Say_Lol, good try though.
WTF? How do you have positive karma?
[deleted]
Because I mentioned karma?
lol
Karma
lmao
Upvote karma
Downvote laughing
choo choo.
there are no breaks on the downvote train.
even if you want to smoke
Not a main character does not mean he is underrated. He is really well developed and quite resoundingly well-appreciated and liked, in my opinion.
Exactly. If I had a grain of sand for everytime he made me laugh I'd be a beach..I mean, the time when he stops Homer and break his lights on purpose and a million like that one! Best personification of low level corruption I've ever seen in cinema/tv. Hands down..I think Krusty is the same kind of character, but in the show business.
Seriously when I read the title I raged, Chief Wiggum is anything but an underrated character. 
Wasn't there another "Underrated Simpson's Character" post this morning about Uter? I think this is just a similar grab for Karma.
Also it was from the same episode, Tree House of Horror V.  I know because I watched that episode after seeing the uter post. 
Uter is great in the german dub: 
With Uter I could actually see it. Chief Wiggum has a lot more screen time.
I posted the Uter one. I love his persona but I feel like he gets no time. Wiggum, as you said, actually gets a lot considering he isn't a main character. 
I'd argue Moleman. He only appears for a couple seconds in an episode before being brutally almost murdered.
Nobodies gay for Mole Man...
He's the kenny of springfield. 
Agreed.  I don't think there is an underrated character on The Simpsons.
i think Eddie's pretty underrated.  and i did not know Lou might have actually graduated from Princeton.
I never cared for Gill and his endless hardships. I'd rate him low, maybe others feel he's underrated?
Gil was a hilarious bit character at first. It got worse because they put him into situations where Lionel Hutz should be :-(. 
"Wow cool name"
he got it off a hair dryer
Yokel and the hillbillies. Always seemed too stereotypical for me, but then again I haven't watched the Simpsons in ages.
Yep, they've milked the township dry.  We know everything about everyone now.  
I'm looking at you, Carl Carlson. 
Chief Wiggum is hardly underrated.  Easily one of my favorite characters on 
[deleted]
Maybe they do now, but The Simpsons are the godfather of prime time animation shows.
Yeh dey stupid lol. 
He wants the downvotes, don't do it.EDIT: for anybody wondering he said that the Simpsons copied south park (I forget the exact quote)
FabulousFerds?
Yup
What is the deal with that guy? He's got like -30k karma and a goddamn subreddit full of devoted followers..Is there some kind of back-story I'm missing here?
Hello again Ellectric_Zerbra! There's no backstory. Ferd just created a troll about and a bunch of random guys thought it'd be a cool idea to form a sort of cult about him. It's kinda creepy if you ask me...
Its not creepy. You need to open your mind and accept Our Holy Ferd. He is willing to suffer the wrath of downvotes to open the minds of others. .Join us. 
I'm not even mad, it's impressive he has that many.
His is a special brand, -20000 comment karma in a month. 
"to bad simpsons just rips of southpark >.>"
Simpsons did it
I upvoted to counter what he wants 
You people will be the death of reddit.
What if that's what he wants us to do?
But what if he knew you'd figure out that he wanted you to do that and actually wanted you to figure it out which means...HOW DEEP DOES IT GO
Hey guys, I hate Reddit Gold.
I hate rusty trombones.
Me too. 
Someone don't give this guy some Gold
Any gold I gave would only be a placebo.
I'll give him real gold, then. That'll show him! Mwahahah - wait, what?
He does have his moments like in the episode where Homer starts to cut hair and Chief Wiggum starts to make annoying sounds and makes life tough for homer
I don't understand. Why does this guy deserve so many downvotes?
Maybe because he's citing an episode past season 9, which means it's shit.
I didn't know what shitty sounding episode he was referencing, so i had to google it. Season 22. That's why he was downvoted. Everything after season 12 should not exist.
Le Reddit does it again
Lack of punctuation.
[deleted]
I don't make the rules, man.
sounds like a fucken simpsons noob..who the hell underrates wiggum? noone does. OP has no idea what they're talkin about..and quoting new episode wiggum instead of classic episode wiggum? school boy error
He's the OP. Everyone knows you have to either mass upvote or mass downvote the OP.
I assume this is a rare case of entanglement?
we dont ask questions son.
Your username is quite appropriate.
I feel bad for that Hampton Inn. 
Somebody put crawdads in the pool at my apartment. Twice.
2 weeks ago somebody got drunk in the jacuzzi and pooped in it. Then vomited in it because they pooped. Then left the beer in the Jacuzzi. It was closed for 2 days and had a weird green and brown tint to it. Pool guy fixed it up and didn't drain it.
This is why I never swim in stagnant water, rivers and oceans for me please.
In my community pool some kid took a shit , and I had no idea so I was in the jacuzzi once they left until a couple people told me about it  
classic
NOTHING wrong with a little turbo shower whipping
I was listening to this when I saw this post.
.Well fuck, we all gotta wash our ass.
I should put up a sign like this at my apartment. Living 10 feet from the pool in a college town is not fun. 
Someone pooped in the pool and then smeared it all over this piece of paper? That's treacherous!
Oh my God, he actually... . couldn't resist!
Someone did that in our neighborhood pool as well They closed it for a week.
My 24 year old ex boyfriend did this once while drinking. Everytime he told one of his friends about it he was so proud. 
Men are from Mars. 
do you live in apple ridge in michigan?
as someone who used to work at a pool you would be surprised how many times the pool gets closed to clean out poop/puke.  usually from a kid, but still.edit: that being said, the pool is shocked with chemicals afterwards so all the bacteria is gone.  the reason the pool can't open right away after the poop is cleaned out is because the chemicals they put in are unsafe for a period of time
Fucking humans.

I'ts nothing compared to what happened in my town this weekend. Five or more people went at an outdoor public pool at night and shat in it, the authorities still don't know if it was only the poop from a one time shit, or if they brought bag filled with turds. What They know is that when the employees opened in the morning, there was a bunch of "Oh Henries" floating in a see of Nesquick. Pool is closed for decontamination.
It takes one asshole to ruin it for everyone.
Official notice using words like poop and butt?.Seems legit.

Pool's closed
I am honestly really impressed by the honestly involved in writing this letter to residents.
It's ridiculous to close the pool for that length of time.  Just kick the chlorine level up and you're good to go within 30 minutes.  
Is it just me, or is . the left side of the document out of focus...I'M GOING INSANE SOMEONE PLEASE
Who pooped the pool?
That's just a shitty situation.
Have you watched river monsters or seen the things that live in the ocean? I think the statistic is something like 98% of people that swim in those die from something scientifically terrifying. Lakes are cool though, as long as you live far enough north that there aren't alligators or poisonous snakes in them. 
Seems like the person who wrote the letter is very uneducated. The word choice is that of a child. 
"We hope to re-open the pool one day next week." Which is it, one day or next week? 
That poop bandit? Albert Einstein
Beyond the general absurdity of your comment, there are still dangerous animals and other organisms that live in Northern bodies of water.
You pooped in the refrigerator?!
Lifeguard here. Whomever works at your pool isn't doing their job right. It takes an hour to take care of that. All they need to do is shock the pool with chlorine. As for the poop . the pool? Pick it up while wearing gloves. Drop it in a toilet. Or a trashbag. Then disinfect that area. Where I work, we use A-One. Problem solved. After an hour, open up the pool.
Well, there was a lady that was attacked by a beaver while swimming in Minnesota not too long ago. But for the most part, there aren't too many deadly water animals up here in the north. 

When I was 10 years old I had swimming lessons,.One day I was swimming around in the pool at break time (In the deep end) and employees came all around the pool, telling us to get out. As I climbed out of the pool I looked around for my friend to see if he knew anything..Me: What's going on?.Him: Someone pooped in the pool..End of conversation. I later found out that (Thankfully in the shallow end) Someone put their baby in the pool, wearing a diaper. When it pooped, the diaper slipped right off. It was probably discovered when someone thought it was a pool toy...
Why the fuck would a human being do this? I don't understand the thought process, and clearly that human does not know how to co-exist peacefully with other people. Time to open the labor camps again. >:|
I prefer swimming in lakes or rivers myself, despite the well known fact that fish fuck in them and that the water from the septic tanks along the shore has to end up somewhere.
How do they know the person jumped in to clean off?  Maybe the guy just likes to poop after he goes for a swim.
I'm the onsite manager of an apartment complex and I also maintain the pool.  Shit cleanup isn't nearly as bad as dealing with a skunk that drowned and decomposed in my skimmer during the off season.  Worst smell ever.  After bringing my pool back from that hell, anything else is not a problem. Haha.
Jennifer did this. She is a partypooper!
Management is the shit! 
tell them to go visit Trouble Free Pool... 
So, did the water taste funny? OP, you're low.
Who wrote that letter, a 12 year old?
The men that closed the pool are all African Americans with a shiny suit and fro. 
This made my day
Shit...
You should jump in the pool to wipe it off.
Should say "Sorry for the incontinence"
Reddit is so gullible. You really think a business is going to send out a letter written like a sixteen year old and use the word, "poop"? I'm calling shenanigans, op.
No shenanigans. I live here too and our apartment manager is just oddly blunt. Couldn't make this shit up. 
Nice try, op.
Even if that does work effectively, I'm sure the residents want the owner to go above and beyond to satisfy the tenants that the pool is safe. 
Well, anyone who hasn't had a shower since their last grunt session is basically cleaning their asshole off in the pool.  That's what chlorine is for.

I'm 24 and found this hilarious..It's probably more to do with it being near the end of the work day and I'm in a good mood to go home, but still...

Ctrl+F "Baby Ruth".No luck.
A sign like this one will soon be pasted on the gate: 
Some little shit always has to go and ruin it for everyone else.
Pool's closed
TIL: OP lives in Habbo Hotel.
Some time next week? Jesus, at the pool I work at they tell us to remove the excrement, toss in a bag of shock, and it'll be fine in twenty minutes. We tell the management we need more time but they'll do anything to keep the club members happy.
I'm guessing club members wouldn't be happy if they knew about that.
I was thinking the same thing. (Besides the 20  minutes part). .I am surprised you let people swim in a freshly shocked pool. That shit can cause chemical burns. Specially if it gets in someone's eyes. 
It's ok,  they only use a fraction of the recommended amount for the pool size.  so it's ready faster.
I'm surprised no one has added this fact, but if pool chemicals are kept at the health code required levels, one can poop in the pool with no negative effects to any swimmers.  .At our pool we would still clear the pool, remove any solid wastes and shock the affected area with concentrated chlorine. But honestly shocking the pool is more for the patrons than it is an actual cleaning process.
At a public pool near me, some kid would take a dump in the pool rater often. They would close the pool for about an hour, then let costumers back in. I never seemed to get sick so this (the OP's letter) was an extreme over reaction
Chlorine is rapidly inactivated by organic solids and will not work on particulate matter. 
This is why we remove the fecal matter first. Think of it as a super soap. Not an acid.
Wanna bet it was that red head from Craig's List that was pooping on that dudes lawn?
Help me here, . Were you the one that pooped? Or you wanted to go swimming this week? 
I think possibly he meant he . want to swim, until reading this. Now he no longer wants to. Possibly ever again.
My car broke down in 95 degree weather earlier that day, which I wasn't able to fix so I was pretty excited to come home and swim..So in a way I WAS pooped, but was not the pooper. 
Given the detailed narrative and supplied motivation for the post-dump swim I am left wondering just how deeply management was involved in the incident?
Ain't that some shit
Pool's Closed!
-Anonymous @ Habbo Hotel
I work as a lifeguard at a large indor waterpark. People do all sorts of nasty stuff in those pools. At least once a day, we have to clean up an AFR (accidental fecal release) it's usually puke. It happens way more often than you would think. Just last night I cleaned up a bunch of poop out of the hot tubs. To clean a pool, all we do is clean the bulk, increase chlorine levels for about 30 minutes and then let people back in. Once I was sent into a pool to get some puke. My supervisor told me I wouldn't find anything (he was right) so I should just do in the pool with a biohazard bag, pretend to grab some stuff, tie it up and throw it away so that while people were watching me, they would think I cleaned it. Nope. There is so much puke, piss, shit, and all sorts of nasty things in public pools. I've even had to kick people out for having sex in the pools :/
I am the Aquatic Director for a municipal Parks and Recreation department. Not a month goes by that I don't have shit show up in our 200,000 gallon competition pool. It's not that big of a deal once you learn how to deal with it. As long as it's not diarrhea, we can be back up and running in 30 minutes to an hour.
Read: private management party in the pool alllllll weeeeeeekkkkk
At least they told you and cleaned the poop up. I grad student died on my apartment's swimming pool and floated in there all night. The water sat for almost 5 days before they drained it. Kids from the area would come over and jump the fence to swim. Little did they realize. Deathwater. 
That's what you get for fence-jumping to use someone else's pool without permission. 
I'm kind of appalled at the volume of stories people have in this thread about people shitting in pools. I don't ever want to get in one again now. You may say 'well, it was shocked or sanitized, you'll be fine'. But if someone shit in my coffee cup and told me its fine because they sanitized and bleached it, I still wouldn't use the cup. I'm just not a fan of swimming in what is apparently a public toilet, no matter how many times its been washed. 
Well, that's.....oddly specific. 
Not specific enough. What did the person eat?
At least they actually told everyone and shut the pool down for a proper cleaning. I feel like a lot of places wouldn't actually do that. 
This is why I hated my old HOA. They would practically scold us all for the actions of one lazy stay at home mommy with two kids. Our pool was one of those shelf designs where about 1/3 of the pool is 1' deep and the other 2/3 was 4.5' deep. This person would drag a lounge chair into the shallow end so she could tan all day while her toddler splashed around next to her. Note that there was an entirely separate toddler pool, but the lounge chairs wouldn't fit in it, so she used the main pool. Yep, you guessed it, her kid shit in the pool. It was closed for about a week..during the summer, in Texas. Now nobody SAW her do it or DNA tested the shit CSI style, but it was a small neighborhood and we all knew that she was the only one that was down there every single day.
Holy bumfuck, WHY do they say it so unprofessionally? If I was in charge of telling people someone shat in their beloved pool I'd pretty much be begging for understanding. I think the situation requires more formality than '...then jumped in the area to clean off their butt".
There's a point when anyone may break. Having someone basically shit on your property is probably a point many people break at..Honestly, I'm surprised we don't see things to the tune of "Sorry, the pool is closed this week because . hasn't evolved beyond shit throwing ape."
This is my apartment manager, and pretty much all of her notices/letters are that blunt. This is definitely the most disgusting though. 
I worked for several years at a day camp and the kids used to poop in the pool regularly. Except they would do the 'ol "direct drop" and just shit in the pool. We'd have to shut down the pool for the rest of the day, it was kinda shitty. 
Heh, it was kind of shitty
Uhhh, if it becomes a thing to that degree clearly you should go in the opposite direction. . close and clean the pool. In fact, make swimming mandatory. Watch the little bastards scream and paddle away from their own filthy logs of karma. Make a whole thing of it, call it "Shit Swim Saturdays". That's right, leave all shits in the pool for the week. Tell them if they want to pull a stunt like that again they better pull it on a Friday if they don't want to swim in it. Can't dodge shit soup. You'd think they'd just go "Oh, I just won't shit in the pool". You would think that. You would. But you'd be wrong. See, kids are a very unique breed of human being. By unique, I mean dumb. They run out there, drop a deuce in the pool, think they can waddle off discreetly. Don't even realize you've studied each and every one of their shits like it was your job- and it should be. Once the higher ups see your diligent collecting and records, you're bound to get the respect you deserve- and you know what poo belongs to who. Tommy's fat little ass and his football shits aren't going to fool anybody. Matthew, that wiry little chicken shit is like a rabbit the way he leaves those pellets behind. You know who did what. You know damn well. So Friday night you get the net and you wrangle each kid's shits to a corner. Now by this point they've mingled as they've had . to do. Again- kids are dumb. So they're a bit hard to separate but you're a man dedicated to his craft so despite it taking all night you have it ready for SSS (short for Shit Swim Saturdays. It's so integrated into camp life you've developed a shorthand reference to it to save time during announcements.) at the crack of dawn. And of course the kids whine and cry but it's the same story every week and you've grown impervious to their tricks. One kid starts sobbing, you let your guard down and they try to throw . into the pool just one time, and you'll never make that mistake again. You overpowered them easily and sent them into the pool but they weren't in their proper poo-coordinated positions and it didn't feel right. That week didn't feel right. So anyway the little bastards are standing around the edge of the pool ready to face what they always seem to forget they have coming to them. You walk a lap around each and every one, assuring they're ready when one small girl you don't recognize stops you. Taken aback, you ask what's the matter. She says before she meets her fate, she needs something from you. Now, any other time you'd tell the kid to save it if you were in your right mind. But you're not in your right mind. This has never happened before. So you ask... What do you need? She looks up at you innocently and calmly asks.... .. It's about this time that the 100lb shit you found in the pool makes sense and you realize that this girl is actually about 500 feet tall and from the Paleolithic era. "God damn you Loch Ness monsta!" you shout, "I ain't gon' give you no tree shitty!" and she swam off into the sunset. 
I don't even care. I laughed so hard I cried.
Ha.
That was so worth the long read!
Take any pool anywhere, no matter how well maintained. I guarantee you it has fecal matter in it. I'm prepared to make an irresponsibly large bet on this fact.
Ill bet you 286.45 dollars theres none in my new kiddie pool.
Specifically human fecal matter?
Not irresponsible enough. 
Moved into an apartment that had a pool.  First and only trip there a family took the twin's to their first swim!  Parents and grandparents taking pictures of twin one year old girls.  The girls go in with just swimsuits and one immediately fear shits the pool.  Mother laughs it off and hands the kid out and stirs the shit until you couldn't see it anymore.  No attempt to clean it, warn anyone, or even notify.  She said something about chlorine and they all left..Never swam in that pool. 
Swim. Diaper. /sigh
Gave you an upvote for gifting me the phrase "fear shit".
It's a real thing, related to something commonly known as the .. Courtesy of The League.
I always assumed those were for lakes and home use and stuff :(
Swim diapers go under swimsuits any time a not potty trained baby goes in water, they're super useful.
Swim diapers only hold in the solid fecal matter; all the bacteria associated with shit still goes into the pool water.
I haven't fear shit in a while.
I live in the ghetto, we have people who exercise around the pool then dive in to rinse off.  So the pool is a mixture of sweat and jerry curl. 
I used to use 24 hour Fitness' pool. Saw people go from sauna to pool. I stopped going to 24 hour fitness' pool
I feel like this happens everywhere.
24hr fitness is a joke.  The pool at my local 24hr fitness has a rainbow shine and green foam floating about. 
The ghetto apartment I used to live at was occupied by people wearing their underwear and shorts. No one owned a swimsuit apparently, they just swam in their dirty clothes....In the upper middle class apartment complex I live in now, every single mexican male that's in the pool is either in basketball shorts or their boxers.
Stripping down to your underwear for a swim is what people have done since pretty much the invention of underwear.
And yet the pool rules and apartment conduct agreement in the lease say you have to be in a bathing suit and specifically not in your underwear or clothes.
I don't see any problem with that.
So you like swimming in someone else's sweat, urine and filth?  
Do you think Michael Phelps doesn't sweat in the pool?
That's the reality of any swimming pool...
You do realize you still sweat when you swim.
Anyone would sweat from physical activity.  That wasn't my point.  There's a reason why public pools and gyms require you to rinse before going in.  This is a community pool in an apartment complex and people should not be treating the public pool as a personal bathtub.  
Only really if you heat up enough... Usually the water is enough to cool you down
One time a tenant put their dog into the pool (big no-no) and the dog freaked out and had diarrhea before they got him out. The tenant walked away and said, sorry about that. This was a very effective way to get evicted and end up owing the apartment complex a good couple thousand dollars to drain and refill a huge pool. The tenant told as they were moving out that we had poor customer service.....
Sounds like a shitty water company. .My parents had a 20k gallon inground pool growing up, and if it ever needed to be drained and filled we would give the water company notice and they'd make a special rate for the water, few hundred bucks I think. 
That is exactly why I don't trust online apartment ratings. ."This place was awful, there were roaches and they stole my deposit. You will be reported!".True story, renter was a slob, the bugs were his own fault, was constantly late on the rent, and the damage he caused was more expensive than the deposit he gave. Was evicted and retaliates by leaving a bad review. 
You totally ruined my yogurt. 
Just noticed your username. You want to hang out with me? 
Someone didn't want a good review on apartmentratings.com :-\
does it really do THAT much to a pool filter?
Its a pool filter not a poop filter.
It really does, its shocking how easy it is to fuck up the whole pool chemistry and create a new exciting biological threat in your own backyard! At least in Florida it is. 
At my old house the pool was in the worse state you will ever see any pool. The pump broke long ago and the water was completely black and filled with branches and leaves. A friend of mine also took a shit in it. When we had to sell, my dad fixed the pump and managed to clean the whole pool without draining the water. I have no idea how many bottles of chlorine he went through.
Yeah, in my brief knowledge of how pools work I would assume all you'd do is chlorinate the pool some.  I've seen babies shit in hotel pools, maybe I'm just missing the severity of the dog diarrhea?
Never buy a house with a pool. Use money.
Are we talkin' Chihuahua here, or a Newfoundland? 
If its a big pool, the water cost alone could be over $1000. Them you have to pay a pool service to come in and disinfect the pool and bring it back to standards.
Being clean and being properly chemically balanced are mutually exclusive.   It looked clean probably,  but I wouldn't swim in it. 
As someone who works in the pool industry,  shit is a problem in the pool because it potentially carries disease.   The filter will sift out particles as small as 5 microns,  or up to 50 microns depending on the filter type.   These disease particles are much smaller and will not be filtered.  .If taken care of quickly,  shocking the pool will take care of it,  but when a mass of dissolvable matter like feces begins to dissolve,  it adds "total dissolved solids"  to the pool.   If the limit has been reached,  there is nothing that chemicals can do to correctly balance the pool and thus will need to be drained. 
Why does this sound like one of those suspenseful explanations in those action disaster movies...
What about piss?
Noooo, the peeee
Yikes, I'm pretty sure our local pools just put some extra chlorine in at night...
Is it necessary for me to drink my own urine? No. But I do it anyway, cause it's sterile and I like the taste.
Piss adds to the TDS number as well, but chemically is essentially like sweat.  The proportions of urine solids to water is much lower than it is with feces.  Also, urine doesn't typically carry any infectious bacteria like Cryptospyridium or Shigella.  
I never knew shit can reach a limit.
Hear that Randy?  The shit pool has begun to overflow.  That's the sound of the shit limit being breached.  The shit limit, Randy.
The maximum recommended TDS in a pool is 1500 PPM.  The only way to combat this number is with splashout/ refill or draining the pool.  Once you exceed this number you can't go back with out some corrective measures. 
Pool filters take no shit from anybody.

If this is true (which, for the sake or argument, I will assume), I am utterly disgusted. The actions this person took to relieve himself should be severly frowned upon..Why would anybody defecate . a pool. Do as I do: Push your asshole up to the filter and let the suction do the work. Not only will it help your bowel movement, you can also jerk off in the process!
Live dangerously.. 
What the fuck,dude? This is of no relevance and is quite sad as well.
While I admit this is an extremely tragic event, how is it not relevant? He's showing the danger of putting your ass against the filter.
_
I think I read a story on here of a guy that did something like that and it ended up sucking up half of his intestines or some shit. 
This needs to be sketched
"The world is less better off"? That quote is almost as tragic as the story.
That is no way to get recognition..
I thought I was the only one.
This happened at my apartment building. They had to hang a sign. And today I walked outside to see a Mexican woman encouraging her young son to piss on the concrete next to the pool. Their apartment was 10 feet away.
See something, say something! In Spanish maybe?
14 days? I can never go swimming...

I called the manager already. I'm so tired of all the drama that comes with having a community pool. I'm tempted to throw fertilizer pellets in.
I don't get it.  Are you trying to turn the kid into a Mexican version of the hulk?  
Our pool has been in resurfacing for the last 2 weeks. We have 2 months of swim weather here.
2 months? That's a lot!
For some places I suppose. Lots of rain for 6-8 months, shitty cloudy not warm enough for 2, then maybe 2 months of decent summer. MAYBE. It's been uncharacteristically wonderful in the Pacific Northwest, makes the resurfacing choice all the more infuriating.
So why did we need to know she was mexican? 
It's an adjective. A descriptor. She didn't have to say "woman" or "son" either. Sounds like you think that when people say "Mexican" they are trying to say something negative rather than just describing a person. I think you should ponder what this says about your view of Mexicans..Also, maybe she is insinuating that this person is not just "somebody who has Mexican heritage" but "somebody from Mexico who appeared to not understand American pool etiquette."  
[deleted]
Or we could all just be vague about everything all the time. It was just a descriptor, chill out.
Such relevance.
Totally for the imagery.
Such butthurt.
Guts... 
God dammit I totally thought i had that memory erased. Thanks a lot :(
Oh, Chuck!

THAT'S ABOUT ENOUGH INTERNET FOR ONE DAY.
WTF is this? Do I even want to know?
Interesting read related to the book:
Right. Research.
I freaking love this guy. Whenever he does readings of this story, at least one person in the audience passes out....) WIKI SPOILERS
Goddamnit you made me curious enough to want to read it.
I will never be able to go swimming in a pool again.
You forgot some sort of cyclonic windstorm of sharks. Gosh! What would that be called?
so basically for self defense?
You probably won't be able to stop someone with superpowers with just a handgun..You might need a little more juice... time to get the mini-nukes.
Probably not going to be of much use against the rise of sentient machines or Superman. But the other reasons sound plausible..I got my first gun for self-defense. The others were purchased because the first one turned out to be so much fun to shoot.
it's to commit suicide so the the super-powered creatures don't enslave you.
Why would Russia invade us? They are an ally and have half our population.....

You forgot because you feel inadequate and unable to handle the change that occurs on a daily basis, most likely as a result of sub-par education (be it not enough or bad).
False: These are the reasons I own an assault rifle. Well that and thanks to Uncle Sam I know a M4 better then my own penis. 
Ditch the assault rifle and make up for lost time with your little pee-shooter.
You're what's wrong with this country. 
Satire, how does that work?
Hint:  Nothing like a magnet.
Everything on the list is a pop culture reference.  I figured internet savvy folks would get it right away...
A tor-shark-o? Something like that.
Great, now I have to draw up a plan for flying sharks...
I'm still trying to come up with a word for the definition. I'm thinking of sharkicane and sharkster but they don't sound right. Anyways, good luck fighting impending doom from the apex predators of the ocean.
You're gonna need a chainsaw for that.
Flying sharks you can at least see coming (since they are flying). It is the . that you have to worry about.
Also:.I want to SIGNIFICANTLY increase the chances that my children will be injured or killed in a gun related incident.
have an upvote
A child exposed to water and taught to swim stands a significantly better chance of not drowning. A child taught to look both ways before crossing the street has a significantly lower chance of walking in front of a car. But a child exposed to guns and taught gun safety has a greater chance of getting killed by one?
You forgot mad scientists recreating dinosaurs.  .Also, Australian fauna.  
I read the second section as one long scenario.
In most of the situations you would be severely out gunned no matter what civilian weaponry you had. 
Wow way to be racist.
I have plenty of knifes that cover your reasons. Also hachetes, machettes and tomahawks. I like melee.
I'm not paying you to dance around like a bunch of Kansas City faggots!
THE SHERRIF'S A NI
Mongo only pawn.. in game of life

lepetomaine throughway?  Now what will that asshole think of next?
Fucking Verrazano Bridge is $10 now! $15 if you don't have an E-ZPass!
Where da white women at!
Sounds like steam escaping.
This is my favourite part of Blazing Saddles . 
And this 
I love a lot of the lines in this movie, and a lot of them have been mentioned, but another one is "Forget all that shit. Here comes Mongo!"
One of my favorites."Remember how our ancestors settled this town. They fought Indians, fought locust, fought Dicks. Rememeber when Richard Dicks came in and tried to take over the town?"
It's twu!!! It's twwwwuu!
Feeeeeerget that shit! Here comes mongo! 
Badges we don't need no stinking badges!
All right well give some land to the Niggers and the Chinks ,But we don't want the Irish.
COME GET YOUR PIES FOR THE GREAT PIE FIGHT!

'scuse me while I whip this out:."I got it! I got it! We'll work up an ole' number six on 'em"
"Number six, I'm afraid i'm not familiar with that one Tagart?"
"Well that's where we come a ridin' into town... A whoppin' and a whoopin' every living thing within an inch of it's life! 'Cept for the women folk of course..."
"Why Tagart... You spare the women?"
"No, we rape the shit out of 'em later on at the number six dance later on!"
Uh sir, sir. You specifically requested a 'ni-gger'?...Well, to tell a family secret--my grandmother was Dutch.
"What will that asshole think if next?"
" I want rustlers, cut throats, murderers, bounty hunters, desperados, mugs, pugs, thugs, nitwits, halfwits, dimwits, vipers, snipers, con men, Indian agents, Mexican bandits, muggers, buggerers, bushwhackers, hornswogglers, horse thieves, bull dykes, train robbers, bank robbers, ass-kickers, shit-kickers, and Methodists!" .Seriously how is this not on here yet!?
"What in the wide wide world of sports is going on here!?!" "You spare the women? Hell NO! We Rape the shit out of them at the Number 6 dance later on!"
Alright, we'll give some land to the niggers and the chinks...but we don't want the Irish!
Schvatzahs, woo, they're darker than us. 
I hired you people to get a little track laid not to jump around like a bunch of Kansas City Faggots.
Seems to be a blank page.
So make that two shitloads of dimes.


Why taggert your hurt!?
Ohhh, that umpity nigger went and hit me over the head with a shovel. 
Not sure if I am right, but wasn't Richard Pryor supposed to do this movie? As in another buddy movie with Gene Wylder? But due to his crack pipe explosion, he had to back out?


There was a peaceful town called Rock Ridge...
Iz it twue wat thay say about you people?  ZZZZIIIPPP Oh, it'z Twue! IT'Z TWUE!!! IT'Z TWUE!!!

a wed wose. how....owdinawy.
I used this one everytime I could. I stopped a few years ago when I'd then have to explain the reference. It made me so sad. 
I'd like to extend this laurel,....and hearty handshake to our new,......n****r...
Hardy handshake. .As in "Laurel and Hardy"
He actually says "hearty", but yes it's supposed to sound like "Laurel and Hardy".
"More beans, Mr. Taggert?"."I'd say you've had enough!"
Had to scroll down far for a quote about the beans.....

since i am your host and you are my guest, what is it you like to do, what's your pleasure..I don't know play chess....screw.Let's play chess! 
Little bastard shot me in the ass!
"it's Hedley!"
"You Teutonic Twat!"
"Sorry bout the up-yours Nigger."
"He was easy. The bitch was inventing the Candygram."
"What's happening in the clean world?"
I could go on forever...
Crime?.Stampeding cattle..That's not much of a crime?.Through the Vatican..Kinkyyyy, you're hired!
"Women stampeded, and cattle raped."
My name is Jim. But most people call me...... Jim
"Look at that, steady as a rock." "Yeah, but I shoot with this hand."
Howard Johnsons Ice cream parlor.ONE FLAVOR!!!!!!!!
What movie is this?

Blazing Saddles
You use your tongue prettier than a 20 dollar whore.
Excuse me while I whip this out
Aaaaaaahhhhhhh!
This movie is loaded with them..Mine is, "PPPPPTHTTTTTHHHTHTHHHHHHHHHHHHHTTTTT!".I miss Mel Brooks.

Mine is I paid you boys to lay some track not dance around like a bunch of Kansas city faggots.
What in the wide wide world of sports is goin' on here?
"Nobody move or the nigger gets it"
"Oh won't somebody help that poor man"'
BEST MOVE SCENE EVER
Send a wire to the main office and tell them I said...OWW!!!
Send wire, main office, tell them I said "ow". Gotcha!
Scrolled all the way down here to find this, THE best line in this movie..I wish I had gold to give you along with the upvote.

"Candy-gram for Mongo!"

I'll sign for it!
Oh man, me too.  I drop this any time a dime is even . relevant to the conversation.
ITT: people post the entire script in random order.
The End
As honorary chairman of the welcoming committee, it's my privilege to present a laurel and hearty handshake to our new...
The jig is up
My favorite movie! "I'd like to extend a laurel and hardy handshake to our new....nigger" This movie makes more fun of white folk than any with that many N bombs
Edit:. folk here
Mr. LaMar, you use your tongue prettier than a $20 whore.
This is my family's Christmas movie... Seeing this made my day.

I must have killed more men than Cecil B. DeMille. 

Come on give us a good ole nigger work song.
In tears.
I just found out last week that my little town here in the far Pacific Northwest has the most common name last name of Johnson.
x post from . 
Just give me twenty-four hours to come up with a brilliant idea that'll save this thread. Just twenty-four hours...that's all I ask.
Mel Brooks has made some of the funniest films I've ever watched!
"Let me just get a quick feel." and at the campfire scene with all of taggerts men farting,"Mr. Taggert how about some more beans?" "I think you've had enough." Are my faves
MUAAHH! This ones a doozie!
Yes! Just watched this movei for the first time the other week. Hilarious! Mel Brook ftw!
Guy in the middle looks like The Virginian.
so..tell me,shatze, is it twu what they say about the way you people are......Gifted??.....Oooh it's twu,It's TWU, IT'S TWU IT'S TWU!!
I still like . more, my friend dies laughing at the toll booth, though.
What in the wide, wide, world of sports is goin' on here!?
"Here, hold this while I whip out my roll of dimes...".And that solved that problem.
Where's all the white women at? 
Haha!  Best movie ever!     I have almost every line memorized.
A wed wose. How womantic
Ain't nobody got dimes for that.
me too
"I am not from Havana"
your favorite movie line of all time is from my favorite movie of all time!
The entire movie is my favorite movie line of all time.
Anyone who says their favorite Mel Brooks movie is Spaceballs or Men in Tights has never seen Blazing Saddles (or Young Frankenstein).

"Maaan, we heard you was hung!"."You heard right."
Excuse me while I, WHIP THIS OUT
It's twue! It's twue!
We've been suckerd in (boom)!
django unchained aint got nothing on this work of art. I died when he punched the horse.

Would you do it for Randolph Scott?
where da white women at?!?
"How did a dazzling urbanite like you end up in a rustic setting like this"
"Man drink like that and he don't eat...he is going to die!"....."When?"
One word...  Peep.
"Hold it hold it what the hell is that shit" Blazing saddles, my favorite movie!
What's not exactly water, and not exactly earth?
Quicksand!
I don't know, but I hate it.
Mine are: .Don't know.  Mongo only pawn in game of life..What in the Wide World of Sports is a-going on here? I hired you people to get a little track laid, not to jump around like a bunch of Kansas City faggots! .What did you expect? "Welcome, sonny"? "Make yourself at home"? "Marry my daughter"? You've got to remember that these are just simple farmers. These are people of the land. The common clay of the new West. You know... morons. 

My dad plays golf with Burton Gilliam pretty regularly... I get a call one day at work, and hear:."Dock that chink a day's pay for nappin' on the job!".Definitely made my day..He's hilarious, and now rich from Ford commercials.
That is my favorite line!! If you're ever in Montreal, I'm being you loads of beers.
"You guys act like its 120 degrees out, can't be more than 115".
Mine is the first line in the movie:
"Dock that chink a day's pay for nappin' on the job."
Here you go folks! - 

mine too subby..I always quote it whenever something goes wrong on a job.
SOULMATES?!
Well, to tell the family secret, my grandmother was dutch. 
"That uppity nigger went and hit me upside the head with a shovel!"
Well, you'll never 
Ahhh.. after a hard days work, this post makes me happy. 
"Dock that chink a days pay for nappin on the job" makes me lose my shit every time I watch this
shvartzes, they darker than us!
Hey boys... Where the white women at? 
These things are defective!
Right again as usual, sir! 
HEY, WHERE ALL THE WHITE WOMEN AT?
God love blazing saddles
"Dock that a chink a days pay for layin' down on the job."
Now is a time of great decision.....Are we to stay or up and quit?.There's no avoiding this conclusion....Our town is turning into shiiiiit.
"Are we awake?" 'I'm not sure... are we black?' "Yes we are..." 'Well then we're awake but very puzzled. I think i need to straighten myself out.' "Need any help?" 'Oh.... all i can get'
"Go ahead, skin it. Skin that smoke wagon and see what happens."
Wrong movie. 
Oh I thought we were just listing personal favorites. 
Need any help?  .Oh, all I can get. 
We'll take the niggers and the chinks but we don't want the Irish! 
I'm sorry, but may I ask what the name of this movie is?
got dammit this is my favorite movie of all time
Blazing Saddles if anybody is wondering, and yes, you should definitely watch it!
Mungooooooooooooo

since I an your host and you are my guest, what are your pleasures?
chess..............................screwing.well, lets play chess
Candy gram for Mongo.
Bring it over here.
"...what are your pleasures? What do you like to do?"."Oh I don't know. Play chess...Screw."."Well let's just play chess."
Just rewatched this movie yesterday.  Its a classic.  Unfortunately my OTHERWISE awesome girlfriend didn't appreciate it.
Phew...that's one of those moments where you . examine how strong your love is for someone in other ways...
I feel for you.  My wife doesn't like Mel Brooks movies, Airplane, or Leslie Nielson movies.  I'm seriously considering a divorce
What wide wide wide world of sports is going on here?
Hahaha!!! I quote this shit alllll the time. It's easily the funniest line of any movie, any genre, any time. 
"Wire the main office and tell Em I said, owwww. Tell them I said Ow. Got it"

Hey where the white women at!?!?
what movie is this from?
Blazing Saddles. The next time you're looking for a comedy, I recommend it..It's directed by the same man who did Space Balls-- Mel Brooks
Wait really? I have seen Blazing Saddles, but it was like 6 years ago. I think I will watch it again. Thanks.
yeah, it's jam-packed of random scenes like this. I think I'll watch it again, also.

I love all the one liners, but for some reason I always laugh hysterically at the two suited dancing men who get pushed into the water on the ,Ovid set, and just continue to to happily synchronize swim with each other
Movie set!
Of all the awesome lines in just that movie alone and that is your favorite of all time?????
A sports team in illinois I used to play alot was the town of rockridge. Every time my dad would drive me there, half way he would yell Shit! Someones got to go back and get a shitload of dimes!
Such an excellent movie. .Mel Brooks is a great director, and you can see many similarities between his character in . and "The Dictator" in Charlie Chaplin's 1940 film 
What movie is this from?
Well raise my rent, he really is the kid. 
I don't care how many times I see this movie. Its still funny every time. 
That whole movie is great for quotes.
HARRUMPH!
"Where you headed, cowboy?"."Nowhere special."."Nowhere special? I always wanted to go there."
I saw an interview with Mel Brooks about the making of Blazing Saddles and he said the only scene the studio asked him to change was the sex scene between Bart and Lilly Von Shtup. When the room goes dark and she asks "is it twoo what they say about you people being gifted" and you hear his zipper go down and she says "it's twoo, it's twoo", the original scene has Bart answering, "you're sucking on my elbow". 
The beer in the bar i work at just went from 4 to 4.10, this was the first thing i thought of
"Wooo! They darker than us!"

This is my favorite movie and I've probably seen it at least 100+ times in my life. The one scene that makes me die laughing every time is when they are terrorizing Rock Ridge and someone gets lassoed and drug behind a horse. His only response: "Well, that's the end of this suit!" I have no idea why it makes me laugh so hard.
"Excuse me while I whip this out.".On another note, I say this a lot and no one ever gets it. The thing that makes me laugh the most about the line is how he delivers it. The strain in his voice is so ridiculous. Makes me laugh hysterically.
Love this film, but I always wonder if the actor who was . play Black Bart hadn't been nixed by the studio how it would have been.  You'll find a hint in the screenplay. It was written by Mel Brooks and.......Richard Pryor. I saw Mel Brooks on a talk show decades ago and he said he and Richard wrote the film, but the studio didn't think 'Richard Pryor was a big enough draw'. This was a few short years before Richard Pryor blew through the roof with his stand up. 
From what I remember it was because his drug habit was a liability. The actor that did play Black Bart had less pull then Richard
I didn't know that. That would've been amazing. This is one of those movies I have to watch every time I find it channel surfing.
From a recent interview with Gene Wilder, on the first day of shooting, Mel Brooks got a call from Richard Pryor to say he wasn't gonna make it for filming. He was in Cleveland scoring rock and on a hell of a bender. Thus the part was quickly recast, and famously to boot. I'll try to find the interview, which was very recent. 
No, it was his drug habit, the studio didn't want to deal with him.
I love Richard Pryor, but I have to say, I really don't feel Cleavon Little detracted from it at all. He was brilliant.
I agree, Cleavon held his own, but, Pryor, man..........
I know, especially how he worked with Gene Wilder. Beautiful shit man, beautiful.
Not to bring up other movies in a Blazing Saddles thread but that bit in Silver Streak where Gene Wilder is thanking Richard Pryor for everything he's done and Richard pats his heart and says "My pleasure" fucking kills me every time. .EDIT: I mean that in the feels kind of way, not that I find it funny. Beautiful shit, indeed. 
God darn near lost a $400 handcart!

I never caught this one until I watched it in a tent in Kuwait with a black fellow. 
Yeah we use that one around the "office" all the time as its completely under the radar and allows us to laugh at the most inappropriate times...conference calls with IM to DC and laughing do not mix but are completely necessary.
Horses?!?! We cain't afford to lose no horses you dummy.

I laugh my ass off in the pie fight scene at the end in the cafeteria- Hitler is standing on a table in the back of the scene giving the "seig heil" salute like a lawn sprinkler. Have to look close to see it.

"Well, they lose me after the bunker scene." .Seldom heard, makes me lose my shit
Heres a. via 
Here's a . because why would you want a gif for this.
Just watched this again last night. Mel Brooks is a genius. Blazing Saddles and Young Frankenstein are some of my favorite movies of all time.

"Men, you are about to embark on a great crusade to stamp out runaway decency in the west. Now you men will only be risking your lives, whilst I will be risking an almost certain Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor."
I think this thread deserves a good ol' Nigger working song!
People who have never seen Blazzing Saddles and are reading the comments are probably confused as shit. 
Nigger work song!?!?!?
The version of I get a kick out of you, is the best I've heard. 
How about "Swing Low, Sweet Chariot?"
"When you was slaves, you sang like birds!"
To tell a family secret, my grandmother was a Dutch.
Swing low?
Nigger work song?
Sweet chariot?
Don't know that one huh?

When ya'll was slaves you used to sing like birds.
The Camp Town Lady?
Hmm...unless I missed it when skimming the whole thread this one I get left on my VM at least twice a week from by BFF...who is Irish.
-Complaints from everyone-.Aw, prairie shit... Everybody! 
A comedy classic, and it's still unbelievable that these greats are gone....Next year, this movie will be 40 years old.
He didn't act in it, but Richard Pryor deserves major credit. RIP, and thank you, you funny mother fucker.


How could you forget Harvey Korman?

What the hell are you worried about? This is 1874. You'll be able to sue her.
I'm embarrassed....I thought he was still with us.
I actually had to look him up myself.
"What's a dazzling urbanite like you doing in a rustic setting like this? " Nope this one.
You are my guest and I am your host. Now What is it you like to do?.Play chess......screw..Well let's play chess.

what's this from?

For future reference, if you just google ., it will more than likely give you an answer to your question so you won't have to wait an hour for an answer.

It's so nice of you to teach him the things his dad was never around to teach him.
Hey now... I know some dads that died trying to Google.
The dads that almost died, or saw other men die, just dumb kids at the time, don't want their children to live the same lives.
Badges? We don't need no stinkin' badges !
That's just kind of just Brook's homage to The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, a decidedly more serious, yet equally good, film.
A great movie 


What did you expect? "Welcome sonny?" "Make yourself at home?" "Marry my daughter?" You have to remember that you're dealing with simple farmers; people of the land. The common clay of the new west. You know, morons


What did he say? He said the sheriff is near.
No God blam con flammit I said the sheriff is a nig(DING!) 

Love this movie but they could never get away with half the shit they did in it today.
My dad told me once about how he saw this movie for the first time with a black friend of his. At first, no one knew whether it was okay  laugh at these jokes, especially the white people of the group, by midway through, everyone was in stitches. .This movie is so genius and so hilarious, that it can actually break down race awkwardness and bring people closer together! 
Yep. Someone would get really butt hurt if this was even attempted these days.
What movie is this
Blazing Saddles :)
I know, it sucks. PC has ruined comedy
Exactly, you won't hear "We'll take the Niggers and the Chinks, but we don't want the Irish" in a movie these days!.Or, "There there, it's just a man and his horse being hung out there"
They only got away with it because it was a period set film. Django got away with similar subject matter, though we are talking about two deeply different films in tone and genre. 

Mine are ( even though it ain't PC ) " dancing around like a bunch Kansas City faggots " and when Dom Deluise sez " sounds like steam escaping "
Yessssssssssssss.
I hired you people to get a little track laid!
I bust up every time I hear Slim Pickens say that!
Don't forget this: "Come on, you sissymarys!"
Oh you brute you brute you brute.
Its simple! Give me the play back and Watch, Me, Faggots!
Not in the face!!!
Thank you.
That movie is fantastic, but there's no way it could be released today. Last time I saw it I lost it when Dom Deluise says "Watch, me, faggots." 
This is the single best movie ever.  The quotes go on and on.."Dock that Chink a days' pay for sleeping on the job."."Break's over boys.  Don't just lay there getting a suntan, ain't gonna do you any good nohow."."So tell me, is it twoo what they say about your people?   Oh....it's twoo, it's twoo, it's twoo."."Fifteen is my limit on schnitzengruben."."Uh sir, sir. You specifically requested a 'n_____'?...Well, to tell a family secret--my grandmother was Dutch" ."Put out your hands, stick out your tush, hands on your hips, give them a push, don't be surprised you're doing the French Mistake."."Give me the playback and watch. me. faggots!".Almost every line is a joke.  
The first one, the first line of the movie, is my favorite, except I'm pretty sure he says nappin'.
The Dutch one is so funny, too.
It got cut from the movie, but:."I hate to disappoint you, ma'am, but you're sucking on my arm."
why can't you spell out nigger but the rest is okay? 

"Look ate this"."Steady as a rock.". "yeah but this is my shooting hand"
glad you typed chink and faggots, but not nigger. 
Yall think its a hundred and twenty degrees... cant be more than a hundred and fourteen!
There will never be enough of . and Leslie Neilson on Reddit.

[deleted]
Fifteen is my limit on schnitzengruben.

I almost heard the applause even!
"Who are you, and how did you get in here?!"."I'm a locksmith. And, I'm a locksmith."
Quickly! Get to the safes!
Oedipus (blind and begging): "Give to Oedipus! Give to Oedipus!".Oedipus: "Eyyyy, Jo-SE-phus!" .Josephus: "Hey, motherfucker!"

Senator1: In pecuniam, quid pro quo..Senator2: In pecuniam, sic transit gloria..Senator1 (worried): I didn't know Gloria was sick!

Blazing Saddles

Thanks for letting people know.
"A Black sherrif?"."Why not, it worked in Blazing Saddles."
My daughter was only recently deeply and truly in love with Blazing Saddles and I thought she might like Men in Tights. She about dropped an ovary when they said that. I told her it was the same director, but it was like someone hit her on the head with the realization.
I'm adding "Dropped an Ovary" to my language.  I love it.

"THE SHERIFfS A niiiii" .
"he says the sheriff is near!"
Hey Blinkin.

Did you say Abe Lincoln?
A jew??! Here?

This joke doesn't get nearly enough credit.

He's .?!?
The sherif is a ni- 
Well...we could work up a number 6 on 'em.

Sheriff murdered, crops burned, stores looted, people stampeded, and cattle raped. The time has come to act, and act fast. I'm leaving.
Get back here, you old pious candy-assed sidewinder. Ain't no way that nobody is a gonna leave this town!
"Number 6?" I'm afraid I'm not familiar with that one. 
Well....that's when we go a ridin into town, a whompin and a whompin.
"Whompin and a'whoopin" FTFY
Yes and then?
beating everything within an inch of its life
every livin' thing that moves within an inch of its life. Except the women folks, of course.
You spare the women?
Naw...we rape the shot outta them at the number six dance later on.
Aaaaa, and there was me thinking all this time that only me and my brothers could quote every line of this movie!
Welcome to Reddit..This thread is a goldmine, I need to go watch this one again soon.

Nope, we rape the shit outta them.
...at the number 6 dance later on :) 
That's one of my favourite lines!.Also, "Order, Order! Goddammit I said Order!.You know, Nietzsche says from chaos comes order..Ahh, blow it out your ass Howard. 
I once played in a metal band called No. 6 Dance. Nobody got it. I was sad. 


This joke is deeper than most. The thruway is named after a French sideshow act called . His talent was on command flatulence. Right before the cowboy says "shitload of dimes" he calls William J. Lepetomane an asshole. 
This reference makes it my favorite fart joke ever.
You have added to my appreciation of Blazing Saddles.  I didn't think it was possible.  Well done.
TIL

Howard Johnson is Right!
And Blazing Saddles was the first film to have audible farts in it.
Technology is amazing!
Man, first time I saw Blazing Saddles I was 8ish (so around 21 years ago)... that campfire scene had to have been the most hilarious thing I had ever witnessed.  

What's even funnier now is that when it first aired on TV, the network didn't know if there were rules about farting so they played the seen but muted the farts themselves so you just saw a group of men standing and sitting back down again in complete silence. 

I'm pretty sure Mel Brooks' character in this film (the Governor) is named Lepetomane too..This joke is deeper than I thought it was....
Governor William J. Le Petomane
What the hell are you worried about?  This is 1874, you'll be able to sue HER!
"The Le Petomane Thruway?? What'll that uppety asshole think of next!?"

Did someone call my name?
Redditor for 7 months..Carry on.

Mongo like Governor!
Well, meeting is adjourned..Oh! I'm sorry, sir. You say that.
Say what?
Work work work. Hello boys 
"Mongo only pawn in game of life"
Candygram for Mongo

RIP Mongo, he died last October.
You just ain't kidding.

Mongo like candy!
Mongo...only pawn in game of life.
Candygram for mongo
Mongo like candy!
The bitch was inventing the telegram
Mongo straight!
Mongo, have deep feelings for sheriff Bart
Anybody moves and the Nigger gets it!.Hold it men, he's not bluffing!
What movie?
Oh baby, you are so talented!...and they are 
It's ALL blazing saddles :)
Hep me! Hep me! Ohhhh, do what he SAY, Lawd, do what he saaaaayyyy
Shut up!
 is my favorite bit in the movie. When he holds himself hostage, I can't stop laughing.

The new sheriff's a ni .!
Have you gone berserk? Can't you see that that man is a ni?
FTFY
Strike up the band!!.NO DANGBLARNAGRANAFLAM!!

Isn't anybody going to help that poor man!!!.??
Hush Harriet that's a sure way to get him killed!
Drop it! Or I'll blow this niggers head all over this town!
DO WHAT HE SAY, DO WHAT HE SAY!!!! 
"HEP ME! HEP ME!"
Oh baby, you are so 
And they are so dumb!
Cut! That's a wrap everyone! Good work, all of you, now lets take five for lunch!

What do you specialize in?.Rape, murder, arson, rape..You said rape twice..I like rape.

you spare the women?!?.no WE RAPE THE SHIT OUT of em!
Hey where are the white women at?!
Chewing gum in line, eh? I hope you brought enough for everybody. 
I didn't know there was gonna be so many

Boy, is he strict
Kinky...

Stampeding cattle.......through the Vatican..Kinky!

what in the wide wide world of sports is going on here!?

Dock that chink a day's pay for nappin' on the job.
So many great one-liners in the movie, but . is by far my favorite
Great sight gags too.  Like when Mongo punches out the horse.
"Dock that chink a days pay for nappin' on the job!"
Whenever I ask a favor of someone and they say no, I reply with."you'd do if for randalph scott." I found my true friends are the ones who reply with his name in reverence and get the job done.

: takes off hat: Randolph Scott!
Dang near lost a 400 dollar hand cart! 

I'm workin' for Mel Brooks!
"We'll boys don't just lay there getting a suntan, won't do you no good no how"


Horses? We can't afford to lose no horses, you dummy! Send in a couple'a niggers.
Excuse me I believe he requested two niggers.  Well to tell a family secret my grandmother was a Dutch.
I believe he specifically requested two niggers, well, to tell a famipy secret, my grandma was a Dutch
My grandmother was a Dutch. 
The Camp Town Ladies?
Oh, you know! "De Camptown ladies sing this song, doo-dah, doo-dah! Camptown Race Track five miles long, oh-de-do-da-dahy!"

When they sung "The Camptown Ladies", that guy on the right with the white jacket always cracks me up.
"When you was slaves, you sang like birds!"
HEADPHONE USERS BEWARE! TURN DOWN VOLUME!.I think that's actually just a recording of the inside of a jet engine. 
Too late for me
oh jesus christ i wish i had read this comment first
HUH?! WHAT!?!


I'm trying to build a railroad and you're dancing around like a bunch of Kansas city faggots


"Kansas City faggot" is one of my favorite insults ever.
That one is my second favorite after 
Depends on which Kansas City: KCK or KCMO?
either. we're on in the same to any outsider.
I like to call people I've recently met a "Kansas City Faggot."  If they get the joke, I figure they are probably all right to hang out with.
Kck for sure
Teutonic twat is my personal favorite

  .EDIT: Thanks guys.  For those who are also wondering, I'll save you the trouble: the movie is called Blazed Sandals.  
Top Gun.
Blazing saddles
Blazing saddles
Blazing Saddles.

This is just too perfect

I think it's called Blazing Saddles, but I could be wrong.
Blazing Saddles.Probably my favorite Mel Brooks films
Why, these are all fine quotes from Mel Brooks' Blazing Saddles, friend. 
Blazing saddles.
Tom Cruise? 
Blazing saddles. 
Blazing Saddles, my dude.
C'mon, man. Just type the phrase into google. I got "Blazing Saddles" from the first result...

Blazing saddles
Lazer Poodles
Bazooper

Zimbabwe
Starship Troopers
Super Troopers
Super troopers
Rampart
Glazed Salmon
Fazed Toddlers

Burning Horsetack
Roll Fizzlebeef! 
Walter Winchell, Joe DiMaggio
And that's all the r/funny I need for the night. Thank you sir.
If I ever have a sandal-making shop / dispensary in California I know what to name it...

Mine is "Where all da white women at?"
i say this line every time i enter a room
"Now watch me FAGGOTS!" 
Reminded me of Animal House:  "May we dance wiff yo dates?"
"Excuse me while I whip this out."

Ummm sir, he said a couple of nigGERS, to let you in on a little family secret, my grandmother was Dutch
"While you may only be risking your lives, I will be risking an almost sure Academy Award nomination for best supporting actor."
I thought it was just me!
The smile on his face as he delivers it is hysterical.
I would love to see the out takes of that movie.

"What do you like to do?"."Oh, I don't know.  Play chess...screw..."."Well let's play chess."
I prefer .Gabby Johnson responds: 
"Cattle raped" I'd forgotten that line!
ROWRAD
"Gabby Johnsons right, we should wire the governor.  Also I'm glad these children were here to witness this authentic frontier gibberish."
"Howard Johnsons right, about Gabby Johnson being right."
Richard Dick= Dick Dick
the meetings adjourned..it is?.no, you're supposed to say that..say what?.the meetings adjourned..it is?

"Stampeding cattle"."That's not very villainous"."Through the Vatican..."."........kinkyyyy"

"A man that drinks like that and don't eat is gonna' die."."When?"

OP, please Die Die Die, you gay fat beast!
Rule 16.
Oh it's a repost? Have a downvote before I knew.
Is the moral of this story to jump out a building to get karma?
Morale:do your own shit to go to the front page.
[deleted]
Isnt this the guy Macklemore is talking about?
No need to call him out. He didn't claim it was OC so just downvote and move on
you know what's weird? cartoons about cats sometimes make me weep tears. this is one of them, I just learned. I don't know why this happens...
the feels.
This made me sad :[
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
Bullshit..That building has only 6 stories.  He's on the 7th floor.  So he only jumped about 70 feet, not 500.  Not impressive at all!
The original video was titled, "Cat survives 70 foot fall" but only received 301 views. Some else reposted the video with a sensationalized title and received 46,913,772 views.
What?  Are you saying that people actually . on the internet???
... With reposts
This is so cute! ()/
Reddit: inducing suicide attempts since 2006!
feels, every time.
So is this a metaphor for reposting, where it hurts you for stealing but is worth the gain?
You ARE Clever!
Isn't that ironic because isn't this picture a repost?
That's pretty deep for a post involving cats
Coincidentally enough, this is a repost.
that works.
This makes me sad more than it makes me laugh, poor cat.
but the kitty won in the end
It's the black guy right?
It looks like the black guy jumped off a table or something... r/karmaconspiracy
Bottom left corner there is a desk. Verified. 
Damn! Good eye. I'm colorblind, that blended right in. 
*bench 
Promise. 
I'm not colorblind and I still didn't see it.

the guy on the far right is clearly standing on a ledge
Dat belly button. Should be NSFW
It looks like the brick wall is actually the ground...all of them have at least one body part touching it
black socks guy?
Am I overlooking something? I can't figure out what makes this funny.
The fact that certain races can jump higher.  Even though he clearly launched off that item in the bottom left corner.
That's Chris Brown's nephew. Look at his left hand and where it's heading.
The one who jumped twice as high as the rest? Oh wait, he's black... he could do better.
White men can't jump.EDIT: black man is actually Spider-Man  
That girl in the red has extraordinarily long legs
White man can't jump
Its probably the shoes. 
Ya what the fuck is with the guy jumping through the window holding a sign?
The guy in the middle looks like an invisible man is pushing him against the wall by his dick. Also the girl in the pink looks like shes being pulled down to hell. This is a good picture except the black guy was too easy to find.
Fucking Black Spiderman had time to jump and crawl halfway up the wall before everyone else even got off the ground.
Yeah. You've got PK subban without a jersey on
I'd like to ook her in the dooker.
The guy next to the guy holding the sign is Adam from Workaholics. Come on people. 
middle dude is balding amirite?
Guys, guys! It happened I know some one in this picture!
VCU

Im probably thinking about the wrong guy but if im not this is a racist post lol
Ya that middle girl looks like she needs my number
what I would give to be a freshman again

Standard case of the "quick twitch" and the "slow twitch"
Thanks for your daughters!
desk bottom left
The two chicks on the left are real cute. is this St Edward's?
Did no one else click on this post and then be like...okay, I have no idea which one is supposed to be standing out. ???
PK Subban ?
I'll be a freshman there in the fall! 
.....go hilltoppers. 
Ya what the fuck is with the guy jumping through the window holding a sign?
Fucking Greg. Always stealing the show. 
this needs some faceswaps
Yeah that middle girl looks like she didn't even jump. 
and the guy on the left jumped off a bench
The one in pink? I was coming to ask if she was in the middle of a seizure.
She looks like she's falling rather than jumping.  Falling and experiencing diarrhea at the same time.
That blond chick is way hotter than all the others
nah man, red head beside her gets my attention
Why not both?
That was my first thought.
Agreed. Although last year I dabbled with some students. Being 24 and trying to hangout with a 20 year old is kinda tough.
Diddle dabbled?
Is this a joke? 4 years is nothing, you're all kids.
No, not really. I dated a 19 year old, and a 21 year old. I just didn't like hanging out with them. It might of been the girls, not their age, but I have always preferred to date my own age or older. I should also mention I live in Austin. Once you're 21, all your friends always go out to the bars around town. When a younger girl can't do that, I just don't mesh well with them.
catching flack for honesty, i dont get it.  i prefer people my own age or older as well, and not just for dating.  all you highschoolers can downvote me too
yeah, older women are pretty damn great.
I am 32 and we have some interns in right now....juniors in college so I guess 21/22.  amazing how child like they seem.  .I am in no way an old man, evident by me playing on reddit all day...but they just talk like 12 years
When you're that age, a 4 year gap is a big difference. When you're 20, that's 1/5 of your life. 
So how are you liking that Ford Edge?
Nice rug.  It really ties the car together man.
lol privacy
That carpet really ties the car together dude.
Question about your car : Does the carpet match the drapes?
Spends 100k on shitty car, lives in 40k house in the ghetto
That rug really ties your car cabin together. 
Nice Lebowski rug!
God, reddit creeps me out sometimes
I was distracted by the charming Persian dashboard . . . 
Someone should dress up in a suit with dark shades, knock on his door, and say in a hushed voice, "you're being watched", then give him a piece of paper with the exact URL to this thread. That would be hilarious. 
Hey, did you get the Big Lebowski box set thingy with the mug and toe with polish?  I know I did :D
Ford Edge with the Magic Carpet option package?
Ok Alladin
The last picture:
I have that Big Lebowski Rug mousepad at my desk at work!!!!!!!!!!!!
I would be pretty damn pissed, to say the least, if my home and car were posted like this. Did you just not think about his privacy or do you just not give shit? 
So what's his address?
It looks superfluous in the driveway... But it was supereffective!
Had to get home to shine them dirty rims..
Whats with the Arab towel on the dashboard 
a carpet on the dashboard
I remember the original post said the pic was taken at Aventura Mall in Miami. Is this near there?
get outta there! that's a bad area!
That is the ugliest fucking thing I've EVER seen.
Hopefully he doesn't have skittles and ice T on him or OP can legally execute him.
I would like to see you turn a corner going fast....LOL
Is that a mini antique rug on your dash? pretty sure my parents have the full size in their basement.
Ft myersian here.....This looks entirely way too much like Ft. Myers........theres actually a term used for ghetto cars with outrageously gigantic rims  - they're called "donks"
Was this taken recently?  Those are Christmas decorations right? 
Hood rich
That really ties your dashboard together, dude.
I nearly dyed when I read that.
Its in North Miami Beach Dude, I took the pic,,, 

Its my dude rug man! 
yeah this house is about 10 mins from the mall
a dash on the carpetboard
This is why po' people be so po'.  Reminds me of the lifted Escalade on spinners I saw last night leaving the bar in a questionable area of town.  It was parked outside a laundromat.  Can't afford washer & dryer - buys $5,000 rims for Cadillac.
Obviously... you're not a golfer..Edit: Swapped a couple lteters.

so i'm new to reddit but i don't really understand, why did i get downvoted for providing information that answered the question?
TIL That Persian Rug Dashboard Carpet is a thing that exists.
The rims cost more than the house
Wow, it's not a ghetto?
Can't take eyes off magic carpet. 
what is up with the rug on your dash lol
What I want to know is why is there a flying carpet on your dash? Is that in case you break down in the "hood" and need a quick way out? Jizz wundrin.
The real question is where did you get that dope mouse pad
Why do you have a Persian rug on the dash?
Now we can bombard him with pizzas. >:)
North Miami Beach, FL. 
It's not much, but it's home
What's with the mousepad on the dash?
That rug is going to get so faded
Christmas in July!
Looks like the ghetto house from Malibu's most wanted.
Upvote for Lebowskis' rug.
so you patrollin'
I bet the car is worth more than the house!
That car is worth nothing. Maybe if it has a nice LS1 swap, then the engine is worth about $2500. The rims might go for $800. $1200 with good rubber. The rest of it would go for scrap metal. The mobile home probably isn't worth over $5000, but still more than the car. Now, the land it's on, if it's out of a flood zone and in coastal florida, $150,000 minimum. Besides, he doesn't own that house. The white man own it..Edit- But, I agree that he probably spent $15,000 to make it look like that, and it is probably super dangerous and drives like shit. I bet he can't keep it on the road over 50mph.
OP are you a taxi driver or something?
The boys in the hood are always hard.
That rug really ties the interior of your car together. I have one in my office.
Is that a magic carpet on your dash?
That rug really ties the dashboard together.
Can I assume you're Persian? Or is that racist?
Reddit amazes me sometimes.
... just connect to the police's license plate recognition and tracking data  base.
Why the fuck are you taking pictures of his house?  Leave him alone.
Dude, that rug really ties the car together 
Uhm, why do you have a moussepad on your dash?
why do you have a mousepad on your dash?
Everything's coming up Millhouse!
I'm more interested in the Dude's rug. It really pulls the picture together.
I have that mousepad too!
Follow up interview
That carpet really ties the room together
Is OP by any chance Persian?
Instantly thought of my cousin vinny
Your Mouserug really ties your car together.
I think that rugs really ties the dashboard together.
This is way more creepy than the stuff the NSA is up to.  I'd be so pissed if someone posted where they thought I lived on reddit.
Shut up. You don't care about the hommie on rims.. you came here to show of your sweet Aladdin's magic CARpet. Now tell me where you got this please. 

Hey what's that thing on your dash 
Why do you have a carpet on your dash?
The Dude abides
Never too early (or late) for Christmas decorations!
What is that, a rug for ants?
Stop Stalking
Go say hi and show him the post!
Knock on door. Ask if George Zimmerman still has a gun for sale. Offer him Skittles.
It's nice to see that there are bricks ready to use. You know, in case there is a nice car parked around the block...
Says the guy with the oriental rug on his dash. 
He puts his Credence tapes on it. 
It really ties the car together.  
his car is almost as big as his house
Im confused...the guy taking the photo must have the biggest car ever, he fit a rug on top of the dash with no problems...weird :/
Obviously spent more on the car than the house.
This is 73% as cool as the guy who took a picture of the delorean on the highway, who was in turn, posted the picture he took at that same moment of a burning truck..Not bad, my friend.

Do you have a magic carpet on your dashboard!?
For the ..
That carpet, really ties the car together..edit: I should have read other comments. I thought maybe I was the first in noticing this. I don't know what I was expecting.
We must go deeper.  Find his kitchen.
I feel like we're missing something pretty bug here. Is noone concerned about the miniature Persian rug on the dashboard?!
Lets send him pizza
How have I gone my entire life without having a rug for my car dash?
Why do you have a tiny Persian rug on your dashboard?
African ingenuity. 
Thanks for putting original picture you were commenting on.
Fuck NSA spying. .But let's post pictures of this guy's house, lol.
Serious question: How do you get into and out of a car like that without looking completely awkward and foolish?
He probably has a simple switch to lower it. Hydraulic technology. 
pretty sure the flood pic is from downtown st pete
where'd you get that rug on your dash?
Weird car
OMG NO DOXXING JEEEEEZ
And you're in a 2010 ford edge. 
The people he's leasing those rims from won't be happy.
Shit.  We have one in my town.  Will post a pic later
This guy is fucking in miami I swear this happens here all the time. 
Redneck brotha from anotha motha
I have that mouse mat! Now I need to go and watch The Big Lebowski.  
It's not just for floods, it's a lifestyle.
Best part about this post is reading all of the comments about the rug/mousepad thing on your dash
Mother of god.... I actually live nearby where this person lives. 
That can be any city on east coast florida. I'm leaning towards north Florida. Jacksonville floods like that on the regs and has a distinctly trashy local crowd. Plus shitty 1980s chevys on 20s with a lift kit is common practice and routinely accepted as mode of transport.
With the palm trees I doubt it...but I live in TN. And we literally saw THAT car tonight, and a week ago I saw a car with a tiny Persian rug on the dash in a parking lot. This was very strange for my bf and I. What.....what exactly does the rug do?
Why do you have a mini-carpet on your dash?
That mini rug is more interesting than the car.....
I would have said downtown St Petersburg with those cement ball things but the storm cloud looks like a everglades storm definitely Dade or Broward 
What's that stupid thing on your dash?
Yeah this isn't creepy as hell
Finally that car ffinds a use
I think the one car in the water has 5 spokes, and the one you found has 6 spokes. I could be mistaken, either way, close enough. 
rollin on dem dubz
I am intrigued by the fucking carpet you have on your dashboard. Where did you buy that just what the hell is it there for?
Doxxed
I like the Christmas decorations. Nice touch.
naples?
you ever been to Naples? The worst neighborhood within city limits is full of white middle class families with white picket fences and unlocked doors. This pic is from the east coast. The picture of it parked is pretty much the polar opposite of Naples 
so, where do the people who wash those people's dishes and pick up their garbage live, right next door?  I lived in naples for a year, and while it doesn't get any worse than what you see in that picture, there are parts that look just like that.  
Golden gate maybe and far "east" Naples. Not even golden gate looks as shitty as this pic tho..Naples resident 20 years
okay, maybe my memory is inaccurate and i'm confused by the sheer florida-ness of it.  i can tell you that the car i was driving around was shittier than anything pictured 
I don't think you understood the purpose of a rug..
Is that a flying carpet on your dash?
Something tells me that, in the state of Florida, there are several cars identical to this one.
Springfield, Illinois?
I have that mouse-pad. It's awesome.
plastic chairs all over the yard and Christmas decorations up in July - yeah, that's ghetto
I wonder if he regrets his decision to post his distinct vehicle on the most visited website on the internet now?
How is this not personal information?
The old man told me to take any rug in the house.
lol 
and people are worried about the NSA invading their private life?.at least the NSA keeps that shit locked up, you assholes just spread everything around for karma.OH BUT ITS A PUBLIC PLACE DDUUHHRRRRRR
That rug really ties your dash together.
Is nobody talking about the magic carpet on this person's dash? 
Why drive when you can fly on a magic carpet? 
Why is Aladdin's magic carpet on your dashboard?
The rug really ties the dash together. 
Nice Kashan rug you got there 
We also found the guy with a mouse pad in his car.
You have a magic carpet on your dash. 
More importantly, why do you have a tiny carpet on your dashboard?
I like your Persian dash rug
that rug really tied the dash together, did it not?
Wet floor sign...
That rug really ties the car together.

Isn't that pic in the link?
There is a guy down the road from me in Phoenix that has that exact car. The house looks almost exactly the same also.
123 swag street, swagcity, NJ 69420
I believe that's Swagville, FL. 
Right next to Swagasota
Is that Bubb Rubbs new house?
I think I found Aladdin.
that's his baby mama boyfriend cousin friend house, fool
Thank you anonymous nsa agent
What happened to the passenger side door?  Hit someone in the head and it left a ding?
North Miami beach
why do you have a flying carpet on your dashboard?
That's the smallest oriental carpet I've ever seen
I like your dash carpet
Good thing they put that yellow wet floor sign, someone might have slipped if they didn't see it.
Careful, your prayer rug may lead to profiling.
why do you have a flying carpet on your dash?
Did you watch the Big Lebowski? thats my car
I see how it ties the whole car together
Lets play the guess the neighborhood game, my bet is miramar
I have a better question: why do you have a mini area rug on your dashboard?
Knock on his door and ask him if he needed new wheel bearings.
I guess driving through water like that would be possible. I think only if the water is relatively still. Seems rather tippy too
His tires aren't big enough for this, the axle is nearly submerged. Good way to fill it up with water and ruin it, especially if they didn't bother to lengthen the vent tube while doing that stupid lift.
More impressive than funny. OP, you may have not delivered funny, but make no mistake, you HAVE delivered :)
I think the rug on your dash shrunk. Is this a thing in Florida? I'm in Canada. Please explain.
Dexter Morgan on the stakeout. 
Looks like he celebrates Xmas year round.
That's a really nice rug. Really ties the car together. 
I don't know about you guys, but I'd be pretty pissed if people posted a photo of me on the internet, and then another one showing where I live.
quick send pizza to his house
he dosent have running boards ..how do he even get in that thing?
Where did you get that dashboard mat? That's awesome.
Floods: The only use for having hydraulics.
That rug really ties the car together.
His car is as high as his house -_-
Why do you have a tea cozy on your dash?
Why is there a little rug on your dashboard?
More importantly, is that a pocket-sized magic carpet on your dash?
Damn, who needs the NSA
That rug really ties that dash together....
That rug really ties the dashboard together. 
"Where da weed at?"
We?
All I can say is that dash rug really ties your car together.
False! Different head rests.
Thug life. Always be prepared.
Plastic lawn toys and a hyundai, sounds about right
Nice "area rug" dash mat
Y'all niggas were all laughin, sayin this was a waste of time and money. Who's laughin now, ya soakin wet niggas? 
Looks like Lauderdale Manors
ive always wondered.... HOW THE HELL DO YOU GET INTO THOSE THINGS!!!!!
Does a tiny Muslim pray on your dashboard?
the dude just wants his rug back
That matt really pulls your car together...
Next flood comes, so stoked.
Why do you have a rug on your dashboard?
Why do you have a Big Lebowski mousepad on your car dash?
Lovely dashboard mat.
that mouse pad really ties the car together.
you have an oriental rug on your dashboard...
HA titties
Context?
Does it jump up and down? (I don't know what they call it, you know what I mean)
And this why they tap everything.
What the fuck is that magic carpet doing on your dash??
Dude, is that a mini rug on your dash.
525 comments:.500 - "Ooooh.. Carpet mouse pad.".25 - "That dude is going to kill you for internetz."
No one is mentioning the sweet mini carpet on the dash.

Who's car? .Treyvon's? 
Where!!!!!! I bet it's fl.
That little carpet are you alladin or something
Way to steal . 's picture off the comments of the last post and submit it.  OP you bundle of sticks.
This needs to be higher. Fucked up OP.
YEAH DUDE! 
Not cool, that's getting stalker-like.
Yeah, because seeing the same car is stalking. You ever visit a post more than once? Stalker.
It's not seeing the same car twice that bothers me, it is posting a picture of where someone lives on the internet without their consent.
You can't see an address, so think of it as the inside of the Google Street Cam Subaru.
True. We now know that a Caprice owner lives somewhere in the southern US. I'm sure we'll all be over to burn his house down momentarily.
Except there are a lot of people on Reddit who have found more with less..If "Reddit" suspected this guy of being a bad guy in the latest witch hunt, there'd probably be pictures of the owner's last barbecue in this thread by now, commenting upon how he uses a generic brand that he probably bought at the evil Walmart.
I suppose that is fair enough, so long as there isn't an address or anything identifying.
Good thing you posted it on the internet, i bet he wants everyone to know where he lives!
Right. He lives in Ft Lauderdale or Tampa, or Houston or Bradenton or Perrine (where the F is Perrine?). Anyway, somewhere in Florida or Texas. And since he parks his vehicle outside, you're going to know it anyway if you're in his neighborhood. Did I miss a specific address someplace? 
I don't understand how this is okay by the mod standards. 
I think he was probably just being sarcastic because the guy in the car actually probably . want people to know where lived. .It wasn't actually that bad of a comment as to warrant deletion by the mods. 
It's like videotaping a TV show and putting it on YouTube. It's not . breaking the rules. But it is.  
For someone who's name is realizing, you sure don't. 
Just a joke is all that was..Edit: and by the way, i agree with you.
Why am I even asking, I know that's fl, just look at those clouds
Kansas here. We've got the same clouds. The flooding is probably a better hint.
And the palm trees, I don't remember those being in The Wizard of Oz. 
Fun fact: None of the Wizard of Oz was shot in Kansas..But you're right; no palm trees.
Another fun fact: None of The Wizard of Oz was filmed outside!  All of it was filmed on sound stages due to the necessity of bright lighting for the film to develop properly. .But I think they at least tried to make it look like Kansas. 
No they didn't. Kansas isn't that flat, really. 32nd flattest state..Kansas looks more like this, in my mind: 
There are substantially more trees in Kansas than they gave us credit for, but yeah.
CA here, we have clouds too

CA clouds not the same, they're more assholeish 
My god you guys are fucking creepy. 
Sahara reporting in, what is a cloud?
Neptune reporting. Clouds smell like farts.

My dad use to always say that, "It's the principle of the thing." I never understood what he meant. And that, I think, is what is wrong with the world. 
that you didn't understand, or that your dad had principles?

Anybody else notice they still have Christmas lights up?
Well since they're past the halfway point of the year already, they can just tell people they're getting ready for Christmas early.
this pic couldve easily been taken christmas eve in florida and the weather would look like that
I think thats the homie's neighbor's crib, yo.
Not "still". Gettin' in early. Only five months to Christmas ya know.
When does "still" cross the line into "early"? Curious because I still have a wreath on my front door and if I can call it early I will.
183 days after ought to do it.

every time i see a reddit investigation:

I love that mail room episode. 
I look in the mail, and this whole box is Pepe Silvia!
It is hilarious how Charlies illiteracy turned Pennsylvania into Pepe Silvia.
So I say to myself, I gotta find this guy. I gotta go up to his office and I gotta put his mail in the guy's goddamn hands otherwise he's never gonna get it. So I go up to Pepe's office and what do I find out? There is no Pepe Silvia. The man does not exist!  .Okay. so I decided, ohhhhh shit, buddy. I gotta dig a little deeper. There's no Pepe Silvia? You gotta be kidding me - I got BOXES full of Pepe. Alright, so I start marching my way down to Carol in HR. And I knock on her door and I say . I gotta talk to you about Pepe." And when I open the door, what do I find? There's not a single goddamn desk in that office. There is. no. Carol from HR.  Mac, half the employees in this building have been made up. This office is a goddamn ghost town.
Okay Charlie I'm gonna have to stop you right there. Not only do all of these people exist, but they have been asking for their mail on a daily basis - it's all they're talking about up there.

That post is a repost
i had to go this far down to find this. 
It was... uh... included in the original post.

Oh NSA stop karma whoring and get back to logging my posts.
But seriously 
Hey, .  It really 
Where'd you get that?

it looks like an expensive Turkish hand woven carpet, the kind that costs thousands of dollars
It looks Persian, Tabriz.
My mom gave it to me.  It was part of a Lebowski gift set that also included a severed toe with green nail polish, a certification for the Little Lebowski Urban Achievers, and a magnet.
I've used the coffe mug from that box almost everyday for the last 9 months.  No one else gets to use that mug.  No one!
I'm staying and finishing my coffee!
Your mom is damn cool.
That sticker. Why?
For social acceptance.
  It really ties my reddit together.
something something mousepad-ception

Eew, Internet Explorer. How can you even manage to navigate reddit without .?
Honestly I've been a fierce opponent of IE for years, but I must admit MS is catching up with IE10+. Just saying.
we're through the looking glass here people.
deeper.
We need to go there!
moisture therapy _
Yeah, seriously dude. Get you some astroglide. 
Hey, sometimes hands get dry during intense computer usage.
He whacks it..So hard he has a moisture condition.
Whoops...
Is that a . placemat? For your car?
What is this, a prayer rug for .!?

It is car-petting after all...
Its his magic carpet.
I can show you the world!
I'm pretty sure that's the rug mousepad that comes with the Big Lebowski gift set.
Don't give Woo a ride home...
that mouse pad really ties the desk together.
THERES A GIFT SET?
Yes. I bought one for a friend, sadly at an Urban Outfitters. 
Yes, it's my mouse pad.
Do not mouse and drive. 
my hand is resting on it at this very moment
I have that same mousepad.
Huh. Thanks.
oh my uncle was an extra in that movie! i think he had a line too!
That's fantastic. It would be such a story for the rest of your life to even be in the background of a movie that became a classic like that. Even something mundane, like "Look!  That's me scratching my butt in the background!". .My minor-celebrity dream is to one day be an extra in a zombie movie. 
my godfather (who i also call my uncle, but not the same uncle as above) did alot of movie extra rolls with his dad. my favorite story is him being in some kind of movie about world war 2 and the nazis, he had to march but they couldnt kick there legs up high each time so they just threw them in the center of the march.

I thought it was a prayer rug. I received one in the mail in the other day. It had a Jesus on the other side with an illusion where if you stare at it long enough it his eyes open and he has a lazy eye.
I got one of those too. I started taping it inside cabinet doors and on the ceiling to mess with my roommates. 
It really does tie the whole car together
I was hoping this would be the top comment, more people should watch The Big Lebowski 
Dammit. I was too slow. 
Not as much, since the chinaman peed on it. 
Dude, chinaman is not the preferred nomenclature. Asian-American, please.
You what?
But I lost the use of my legs by some Chinamen in Korea!
This isn't a guy who built the railroads here. 
Shut the fuck up Donny! 
Donnie, you're out of your element!
They peed on your fucking rug, Dude.
shut the fuck up donny. 
You're not wrong, Walter, you're just an asshole. 
reddit is creepy sometimes
This shit should probably be removed.
It's probably less Reddit creeping and more someone who happened to be a redditor driving past the most conspicuous car in the universe.
Yup.
Yeah, especially for people who act so concerned about internet privacy, they have no problem taking pictures of strangers for people to laugh at. 
For Christ's sake, it's legal and not a violation of privacy to take pictures from public land. .Comparing government data-mining to taking a picture of someone without their consent is like comparing illegal poaching of endangered animals to hunting for duck during open season. One of them is legal, the other is not..If you don't want pictures taken of you, stay home. Public space is for everyone, and it is moral and legal to photograph from public space.
It's very easy to say that when you're not experiencing the full blunt force of the internet looking at you, following you, doxing you, mocking you, and making all sorts of speculations about you just because you were walking through a public space one day.
You say that like they're the same people. Reddit is more than one person you know...

If you're saying "sometimes", you and i go to very different subreddits
DaGoldenNug has obviously unsubbed from the defaults and only sees them occasionally
:/
I just pm'd you a picture of my shaved sweaty genitals ;)
Meat ooh!
how come he gets all the pms???
Can I get in on this?

NICE!
You had me at sweaty.
Had me at "I"
Flat as hell, weeds for grass, fucked up storm clouds..Yup, that's Florida
That looks terrifyingly familiar...like in the pic he's driving around in downtown Tampa and at the home it's somewhere in north Tampa...
Looks like perrine FL. Where backyard fights happens. I live close by.
This looks exactly like perrine or cutler ridge
*It's Cutler Bay now. They think by changing the name that the city will clean itself up. You gotta get rid of the Ridge Rats to do that.
gonna take a stab and say Hialeah? 
Hmmm close but I don't think it's Spanish enough
Yeah that is Tampa.
really looked like a few places around my house in garden grove Ca.. right by disneyland actually.
High n Dry Customz
Take a stab.. Cus it's in the hood..
That description fits North Dakota too well..
Man I hate our grass
Tampa or Bradenton 
Bradenton! What what!
and a nice xmas tree in garden on July
Nothing wrong with Hialeah >:( 
nah, I was just taking a wild guess because of the houses/grass/fencing   I stayed their once.   Wasn't too bad, and close enough to South Beach.
I've lived here my whole life! I'm sure the culture is very different from the rest of the U.S. I wager  I'm in for a culture shock once I move up north! 
Looks like panhandle
Sounds like my place
I was going to defend my home state but dammit you're right....
And there's palm trees. Kansas is also flat as hell, most people I see have shitty lawns, and we get some fucked up storm clouds as well. But those palm trees were a dead give away. 
Looks exactly like Houston, actually.
You just described Houston.
Yeah I figured this was in Houston if not somewhere else in Texas.
I think I've seen this around. Plant City? 
Can't mistake those palm trees.
I never really notice how crappy Florida is till I visit up north during spring. Jesus Christ! The green! The flowers! The grass is soft and cool!
Been there twice and seen more than a few of these cars around orlando
No way. Mostly Cubans, not Puerto Ricans.
I thought it was Florida from the flooded photo but wasn't sure. Now that I have seen this picture. YUP
Don't forget the palm trees!
And cinderblocks marking pathway to house...
ugh why Florida why
The top photo looks to be at the Aventura Mall, which always floods out. The bottom photo looks like maybe North Miami Beach, Miami Gardens? 
Pretty sure its deerfield beach 
Florida here, that it is.

was it fine or no?

I have St Augustine grass at my house. I don't know what you're talking about.  
Then you are not in the hood....bitch..Edit : Downvote me all you want... you are still not from the hood....bitch.
Could have easily been Hawaii, too... but given the ethnicity that follows such a trend as depicted in this photo... Florida is likely a very good guess.
Neighborhood looked exactly as expected.  
Well laddey-fuckin-da.

Yeah, but does it have whistle tips?  Wooooh Wooooooooh!

Tell me that those aren't still around, please!
That didn't look like Lil' Sis driving though
That's only in tha mornin' man, only in tha mornin'.  
Worse yet, this looks suspiciously like the Broward County / Ft. Lauderdale
Sadly I was thinking the same
Is it bad that I recognized that on the spot?
I think it is Tampa.
Looks close to Nebraska Ave.
Looks like that shit north of Fletcher off Nebraska
Yep. I live in Broward County and there is definitely a chance i've seen this car or one extremely similar recently.  
There's actually a car down here in Naples that looks EXACTLY like that one, except the paint on it is I think what they an ice cream paint job? The paint is fresh and vibrant green.
I lived in FLL for a few months.... couldnt believe how you could go from mega-mansions on the Intercoastal on one street to a poor crappy neighbourhood on the next..... I ended up in a few "scary" places... 
Being a Davie native... I definitely thought Broward county...
Before I read the comments, I was thinking Broward. My guess is the area just east of 441 in the Sunrise Blvd area.
Yeah, pretty sure I've driven through there before, the neighborhood looks very familiar...
It felt familiar from Broward County episodes of Cops I've seen. Never been don't have a reason to, either.
I thought it looked a lot like the area just north of the Palmetto, around Miramar.
Nothing happens here 
Johnny Depp happened there.
Head a bit east to Carver Ranches/Lake Forest. That's where all the fun is.
DAT LAUDY LAUDY
Laudy Daudy, we like to party. We don't cause trouble an we don't bother nobody.
South Florida. I feel it in my bones! 
It's the humidity. Always fucks with my bad knee.
Fortunately pain medication is plentiful in Florida.
Not anymore trust me. You're lucky to get motrin and tramadol now. DEA fucked everything up and most pain clinics have closed.
Nope. Not recently. Big busts shut shit down, and people who actually need the stuff can't get it because DEA's limiting it.
As a Floridian, this really breaks my heart. It is really a big problem. 
No shit. Three years ago I went to see a doctor who only deals with about 30 people, he's really old, keeps his practice open but for people he knows. Anyways, I drilled a water well for him not too long ago and he remembered me and made an appointment for me when I had a migraine. Dude prescribed me two weeks worth of Vicodin HP. Only ended up costing me $75.00 for the visit and another $20 for the Vicodin. If I were to go to the emergency room, I would be looking at around $2,000 for a Demerol shot, the room, and pay the doctor plus emergency room usage fee.
If you really had a migraine, neither Vicodin nor Demerol are very good and I wonder if all the other agents were tried first. If it wasn't a migraine, I would hope you got some kind of work up to find out what is really going on.
Wow that's expensive... how much of those are covered by a regular insurance ?
I would say would be about $500-$700. Not too sure, that's just an educated guess. I'd know more about the premiums and coverage but my insurance at the company I currently work for hasn't kicked in yet. I'm sure it would still be a hit to someone in today's economy though. Insurance just takes a small portion of the financial weight off your shoulders. My mom had heart surgery a year ago, she's fully covered through her social security and it ended up costing her $10,000 because there are certain things the government wouldn't pay for, like her medication during the stay, physical therapy afterwards and her 5 exams after the surgery. It's insane. 
It really is insane... It makes you think twice before considering even "normal" procedure like delivery or braces. I'm in Europe and we don't even think about those things because it's all free, but man, this makes me realize how good we have it. I truly hope it'll get better for you guys !
That stuff is so easy to find down there I almost want to move back. I could break my arm where I live now and be lucky to be prescribed 800MG Ibuprofren.

frequently suffer from migraines here and vicodin is what i take.  went through meds for almost 5 years before i was finally given vicodin.  now, it's one and done for the entire week and i'm good until next month.  
Glad it works for you. Refractory migraines can be really unpleasant. I have a friend who has had migraines for a number of years and now periodically gets treated with hyperbaric oxygen. That for some unknown reason seems to have a protective effect.
i like maxalt.  its a pretty good migraine pill. of all ones i've tried, it seems to have the mildest side affects (i just get a little bit drowsy for an hour or two). 
Heaven forbid you actually might be in a lot of pain...you might be a drug addict. And the more you complain, the more they take it as a sign of you "needing" prescription meds lol. Sad.
We've had a few people I know in TN arrested for a big investigation traveling town to Florida "Pill Mill's"  they called them getting fake MRI's done, paying all in Cash, and getting 120 30MG Roxy's or other substances like Xanax's or Oxycontin, it's sad they bring them back to TN and push it onto the streets here, glad they've started coming down hard on it all.  
I knew it! I feel so proud of myself for recognizing my poor crappy state/hoods 

You'll take that back if you ever move from Florida. I recently moved after a couple years of living in Florida and I wouldn't want to be anywhere else but my weed grass with a bit of sand. 
I can confirm,FL gets down in the hood, dirt bikes and four wheeler riding on pavement in the city type shit
As a fellow floridian, I must say we got hard in the mother fucking paint. 813 stand up ! ? 
Tampa representing. I ride with 12's but I keep em clean.

Rejoin
Reppin that 813!!! 


Florida really does have such a distinct shittiness to it.  You can pick it out of a lineup no problem. 
In my opinion it looks a lot like southern Louisiana. 
ive collected cable bills in the West Palm Beach area, this looks like a lot of the hoods that i worked in
I actually took a trip to florida about a month ago and though I was asleep on the way there (travelled by bus), I realized I noted the exact moment I was back in Alabama. It's a much more distinct shittiness.
Are you saying Alabama is shittier than Florida?
YES
As someone who has lived here my entire life.. Yes. Yes I am.
That's because you've never been elsewhere... Florida... So much shittiness in such one large state.
Currently living in Florida, Have lived in Alabama. To be honest, they are both equally shitty in their own right. 
Idk looks like every other shitty neighborhood Ive ever seen. Except with classy palm trees.
The issue is with the soil I think. It's this dry sandy stuff that doesn't grow grass very well. The grass it does grow is this ugly patchy stuff that shoots up like crazy after a decent rain.
"grass"
I would say 50% of people living in Florida are living on some terraformed BS land that has no Earthly reason to exist there. .Florida is so dumb.
Crab grass.
You had to use . word. 
"Florida" or "shittiness"??.....what are you upset about?...they're both fine, especially when used in the same sentence------when talking about how shitty Florida is
Lineup?

Distinct?
No, a.
No, eh?
No, Florida.
No, problem.
A what?
I think if you got high enough you could watch all those in order then have your mind . by the Very Hungry Caterpillar. 
Look up the German movie 'Der Untergang' (Downfall, it's the movie from which the angry Adolf meme comes from). Netflix gives up real fast there. Granted hit number 1 is spot on, but hit number 2-5 are as far from accurate as possible.
are you telling me you . want to watch The Very Hungry Caterpillar?
Hungry caterpillar is really good if you are stoned. Good recommendation from Netflix
"This movie is: Feel-good" Makes sense.
Also about munchies; equally topical.
Idk man.... why is that caterpillar so hungry.
That explains why the caterpillar is so hungry
I don't know that seems pretty spot on. Smoke a little watch some funny movie smoke some more watch a movie about a Caterpillar pretend you are said caterpillar and eat a lot of food.
You can get netflix to give up immediately if you search for shows that are rated higher than three stars and have come out recently.
Oh, I think it was right on..
Well at least you get some relevant results, here in Finland half the time the result seems to be "<title> is not available for streaming".(and yes before someone replies with a suggestion, I'm well aware of mediahint etc)
don't know that it gave up, i mean the caterpillar would be very hungry wouldn't it?
It doesn't care after a while. I think it might be human.
Netflix recommended Cabin In The Woods for me because i'd watched a documentary about Disneyland.
Or, Netflix just knows how it is... weed movie, weed movie, weed movie. Now maybe you want some girls?  Nah, you've got the munchies.
Dude new girl is hilarious. Watch that shit
Well, if you've seen Pineapple Express, you'd know that caterpillars smoke weed, so maybe it's distantly related.
I fucking love The Very Hungry Catepillar. Respect the catepillar.
Movies like Cheech & Chong: Up in Smoke.
I so loved the movie SMOKE.
hilarious
fuckin netflix
How do you think he got so .?
I get the logic behind the caterpillar movie, but how exactly does "New Girl" fit into the sequence? 
This seems to always happen when they get something new and want to show it off.  
Smoke is a pretty great movie. Paul Auster is pretty great, too.
It makes sense why The Very Hungry Caterpillar is in there. I mean, why do you think he's so hungry?
why is this so far down? the show is marketed horribly but honestly one of the funniest shows on currently on TV.
I wonder why the caterpillar is so hungry?
Well I have the book. He turns into a..I don't want to spoil it.
I think it is the worst. If I search for something and it isn't there, don't give me films that have similar titles. Give me films that are similar genre.
upvote for cheech and chong
That new suggestion thing for Netflix on the ps3 is terrible. I've tried it several times and it sucked. For instance, we put in that we wanted a documentary, such as.. Ancient Egypt, or The universe. And it gives us a Katy Perry documentary. No. Stahp.
I kid you not when I say that it is number 1 in my Watch Instantly list. Mostly for my daughter, but she keeps skipping it to watch My Little Pony or Super Hero Squad. /sigh
Wasn't that already established in Alice in Wonderland?
that was a hookah, totally different
Hookah = a smoking implement. You can load it with whatever you want.
you . put whatever you want, but anything besides Muassel can cause damage to the internal structure of the hookah (by gumming up the pipes with resin, and supposedly certain strands can cause oxidation and rust although i haven't heard of it happening first hand) 
lol, look at the keywords it used to add those last 2.... "in" and "up". sad...
I still hate . the browsing of Netflix movies with the self scroll from left to right. It's the most annoying, dizzying and most frustrating UI on any major website. They changed this shit years ago and I still hate it.

Choose a genre. Then you can just scroll through movies from bottom to top...
The same way their "because you watched" selections work.  ."Because you watched a documentary about atomic weapons you should try a documentary about Nazis, WWII Tanks, Arrested Development, or House of Cards (no really, those last two have something to do with everything, we're not just pushing them for our own gain)."
Yeah, their suggestion system is a modified version of fairly simple: people who watched the thing you just watched also watched this thing. Since Arrested Development and House of Cards tend to just be popular in general someone who watched a documentary about atomic bombs will probably also watch fairly popular shows too. It does lead to an imperfect suggestion system.
It seems like a straightforward enough fix..Of all the people who have watched X, find out what percentage watched Y.  Now find what percentage of all Netflix users have watched Y.  Divide the first number by the second number, and you get how much more likely you are to like Y based on the fact you like X.
In other words, ..
Yeah, basically.  
Caterpillars have the munchies too! 
A caterpillar eating a weed plant would be screwed

Right in the childhood.
That always bothers me. If there are no more matches, just tell me there are no more matches. Tossing random junk at me isn't productive.
I do get kind of a chuckle every time I look up Curious George for my son and George Carlin comedy specials start popping up near the bottom.
At least there's a relation between them with "George."
If I recall correctly, high people really like hungry caterpillar.  And netflix tries to link movies together.
Just woke and baked here. I concur..edit: That list looks perfect to me.  
I believe the term you are looking for is "woke'n'boked"
You mean "wake 'n baked"
"joke'n'woosh"
Most people don't know this but the hungry caterpillar is actually drenched in weed symbolism. You see the caterpillar is green just as a weed smoker who had a too much weed (ie. he "greens out"). Additionally, the caterpillar is hungry, more symbolism for the post weed phenomenon known as "the munchies".
You go green when you've had too much weed? I swear people go white (ie whiteying)
There's a such thing as too much weed?
Yeah! I'm fairly sure you can't OD but you can still have a bad time.

Oh fair enough, I'd never heard that term before!
It was VERY hard for me to stop watching this...
How long has it been since this video was made? I'd like to see a remake with them older
New favourite gif.
Anyone know what this is from??
Holy shit this gif brings me back.
I love this gif.
100% accurate, based on clan requests I've received on XBL
I went to the last MLG in anaheim, and the Starcraft area was right next to Call of Duty. There was a LOT less angry swearing from them than I thought there was going to be.
His dance is so good, I can hear the music in my head.
I love this gif so much. I will ALWAYS upvote it. Always. 
True story . ( this gif makes me laugh out loud every time)
Red cordial pls
That is hilarious
Damn I haven't seen this video in such a long time really brings me back.
I haven't seen the source but all I can imagine is the kid on the right says "Pussy fart"
I just realized that what this GIF needs is dubstep and lens flares
funniest thing about this post is that both of the boys in the gif are now older than all the CoD players.
He looks so much like my cousin, I don't want to question him
Its like a young Froggy Fresh (aka Krispy Kreme) and Money Mike
Who the fuck are these kids?
Omg... I love the crazy frog brothers!! I rememer always wanting to use the dance moves to impress my friends...
Nope, title doesn't justify the repost. 
I once got in an argument with a couple squeekers who kept telling me to get on my knees and suck their ____.  The argument got even more heated, I was getting really angry, but then I was like "Wait, wtf am I doing?"  I turned off the game and I havn't played in over a year.
i forgot about this gif HAHA
Op is a faggot
 you fucking fagger
fagit 1v1
There are seriously people who still haven't seen this shit? Damnnnn REPOSTTTTTTTTTT!
Kinda reminds me of Eric and Hyde as kids.
Listen to . and watch it, fucking perfect timing. oh my god i can't stop laughing. Heads up the song is called 'Geeked up" and no you probably haven't heard it.
hahaha people downvoting this makes me lawl...because they are the ones in the gif
..what's a fagger some kind of hebrew gypsy thing?
I don't think incredibly old reposts are somehow funny again just because you came up with some played out title.
Isn't there a GIF of them with some text on it? 
COD exists so that there is a designated place for people like this to play.
Flawless
[deleted]
You're not original or funny!
[deleted]
Hey!  Nobody gives a shit!
still the best harlem shaker there is!
I don't usually laugh my ass off when I'm by myself, but when I do...
Damnit i was expecting a gif and just sat here looking at a picture for a minute waiting for it to move
holy shit! How'd you get this video of me? 
CALL OF DUTY IS FOR KIDS I AM MATURE, SMART AND INFORMED
I AM A BETTER PERSON
get over it - I like a lot of movies that are plain bad - there's nothing wrong with you liking an abysmal game
so your reply is completely based off the assumption that what I said implied that i like the game
Here, have a red herring.
This whole thing is bullshit, because last I checked the majority of the clans are black or Hispanic...
And thus, one of many reasons I have been cod free since modern warfare 2
This reminds me of the "do you like me now?" girl. 
ITT: Grown-ass men making fun of kids. 
The fact that . was playing while i watched this made it even funnier.
This reminds me of my brother and his best friend in so many ways...
god-damn, it's dark down here.
That awkward moment when the kid dancing in the gif looks exactly like your step brother. I must know if this is him. T_T
THANK U I COULDNT REMEMBER HIS NAME FOR THE LIFE OF ME SORRY FOR CAPS BUT TOO LATE NOW
Oh, come on.  Is this honestly any different than a reactiongif or HIFWgif?.It's the same thing.  Give a scenario, and post a popular gif.
Hahaha thats awesome, but you cant see the loop its just continues
Hey check it out guys, this guy has more internet points than both of us, maybe we should crown him king of the interwebz?
FaZe.
...wait a minute.. is that Froggy Fresh(formerly Krispy Kreme) and Money Maker Mike???
MAAAAYYYYBEEEEEE
He's actually a pretty good dancer.
He dances better than me
Was listening to ghosts and stuff by deadmau5 when I clicked on this....was not disappointed 
This gif was so well-made I still can't really tell where the loops starts and where it ends
I acctually remember watching this and thinking they acctually sang the song.
Totally forgot about this gif, thank you.
Holy hell i haven't seen crazy frog bros in years!
More like every player... 
I LOST IT
every time....
Don't know why but they remind me of a young baratsandberreta.. (probably bad spelling)
Source?
god i hope so. that'd be great.
These kids must be like 30 by now. How can anybody not have seen this GIF a million times?
on xbox live....
also ARMA II.
this will always remind me woody and buzz lightyear... guess who is who :)
classic, whatever happened to these kids?
I want to see these kids now. How fucked up did their lives get from this video...
I don't belong to a clan I belong to a gaming community.
No wonder why I dont own any of these games.
I watched this for a good minute before I realized how well it looped.
I wish my clan would represent like that, lol jk
This has to be my favorite gif on the Internet.
Easily one of my favorite gifs on the internets.
His body is made up of nearly 99% Swagnezium Flytrate
The axel-f crazy frog kids! 
No one seems to realize how many people do play cod on Reddit. 

brilliant.loled 8/10
Ah my favorite gif
This is why I always play with everyone muted. 
Scumpy? Is that a young scump?
ah, the ol Greg "IdrA" Fields GIF...
I hate these people... I play call of duty and have to mute all these kids and adults... I just want to go in, fight, and leave.
I want to punch them so hard... :(
I love this video so much. i showed it to my science class and the only people that were laughing was the science teacher and myself..
This is my favorite gif on the entire internet. 
That seems like most clans on most games 
Lol. We had a 30 year old friend who led a clan of teenagers. 
ha
repost-_-
True 
This gif is older than the Internet. not that it's a bad thing. 
I've seen this gif a hundred times in the last ten years and in no way is that depressing.
Seriously heard this the other day:  .Can I join your clan, bro?.
Can I join your clan, bro?.
Can I join your clan, bro?.
Can I join your clan, bro?.
Can I join your clan, bro?.
Can I join your clan, bro?.
Can I join your clan, bro?.
Can I join your clan, bro?.
Can I join your clan, bro?.
Can I join your clan, bro?.
Can I join your clan, bro?.
Can I join your clan, bro?.
Can I join your clan, bro?.
Can I join your clan, bro?.
Can I join your clan, bro?  
The one in the black shirt looks like my cousin
Congrats. 
this song just happened to be playing while I saw the gif
Is there a full vidya of this. Freaking hilarious.
So I guess I should skip the Steam sale then.....There is something about COD I miss but I think it's gone forever.
callwadudy
I remeber I went up against a clan in 3v3, Just me and some strangers, versus some 8 year olds, We won 3 out of 4 times. Damn hilarious, considering they were trash talking us

For all who are asking, this is what they are doing now...
Is this true? I thought the same thing when Krispy Kreme came out.
Some of us are just guys who play n drink together... Seems you might just be tired of gettin dat ass whooped.
Every clan in every game more like.
RE: RE: RE: FWD: RE: Funniest moments 2004 send to grandma!
suddenly i have to know where these guys are. the original vid has gotta be about 15 years old now
They're back at it as far as i know. (.)
I want audio so bad.
This video/footage has to be at least 5 or 6 years old and they look to be anywhere from 9 to 11. I wonder what they think of it all now. Lets make a small AMA happen.
Look a this while playing 300 violin orchestra by Jorge Quintero. 
I wanna see the video this comes from any one got a link 
YouTube crazy frog bros. I can't get a link because I'm on my iPod but you should find it there. 
Gets me every single time. Love it. Title is fantastic. 
Even though this has been around forever and I usually get sick of things on the internet before I even see them for the first time, this is amazing and never gets old..They seem British. Anyone know?
No, not British they are from my hometown in Indiana. 
Lol love this loop...and well timed for the repost as I sit here next to my other half listening to the amazingly insane things coming out of his adult mouth....thank you for the comic relief!!!
You think that's bad?  Try Clash of Clans. 
Bravo Sir!! That was brilliant. It just needs his Mum yelling at him in the back ground...
I wonder where they are in life now. 
bing..bing...
I remember seeing a version of this back in the day where they had ninja turtle heads and when the taller kid starts flailing his arms, they had him tossing pizzas. Has anyone else seen this or know where I can find it?

I will show you the dance of my people.
Thank you!
This actually goes with Flume's Jackin House Mix of Marlena Shaw's Woman of the Ghetto
Try every clan in every game, not just call of duty.
I think you have a very skewed view on what video game clans are like. I was part of a couple of them and they were more like a group of friends united by a common interest.
Call of duty clans dance?
Someone should get these guys together with ..
Probably not such a good idea, the two guys are a fair bit older than they were in the gif.
Except that in reality they'd be younger.
The club can't even handle them right now.


AMA request.
Given how old this gif is, it's weird to think that these kids are probably older than the average redditor by now.
Glasses is a junior in college and his younger brother is a freshman in college. They are actually fairly young. 
Thats still older than the average redditor. 
Is it? Do we have data for that somewhere?
Gobs and gobs of anecdotal evidence.  Which is fine as far as I'm concerned.
Source?
Family friends and I went to the same school as both of them for awhile.
Edit: se to same 
All I could think of is this: 
i cant stop watching!
I missed this haha
I will never get over how well that fucking thing loops.
Ping-ponged
So THESE are the vile urchins having sex with my mother!
This absolutely made my day
Is there a video link?
I would love to see the original source/video of this. I so badly want to know the context of that dance.
They've gotta know Money Maker Mike
Something you probably won't read:
I like to imagine that this kid grows up to be Stephen Merchant.
Ah yeah... "Spud" as they used to call him.
Hahaha totally! I was wondering why he looked so familiar. That's who I was thinking of!
The gif was nice but the video was everything I was expecting and so much more! The internet is now complete.
Why isn't the gif flickering, changing colors, playing dubstep and flashing Xx420NoScopeFaggotxX?
Perfectly looped gif?  Have an upvote.
They just reversed it and had it wind back up after it was over.
I just realized this...but the way he moves his arms reminds me of the male undead casting animation in WoW...
Where's this from!
Are you kidding?
2004
These guys should do an AMA.
Every repost on reddit:
A list of people who care:....
This is old.  But, I lost it from my archives some time ago.  Thanks for replenishing it!

At about 2:41the small kid does the "getting real tired of your shit" face.
That is quite possibly the greatest thing I have ever seen.
The cringe bros
the lulz; i had a lot of them.
More evidence that white people can't dance...
this is some of the best dancing I've ever seen 
You must be white too
Wow, I'm loving this so much..I've only seen the GIF and never seen the video.
And . they are 15 years later.. Not actually them, just a mock up.  Also, not 15 years later.  I'm dumb.
Not sure if my math is right... but 2013 - 2006 = 7.  So not 15 years later...
Apparently that's a fan remake and not actually them..This one is better:  
Pfft, where'd you go to school? Obviously a better one than me.
William McKinley High School, did heroin with my friend Cory.
I can't help but believe if my friend Chad and I had access to a web-cam when we were young that this could have been us. 
Between this, the star wars kid, and that thing about the kid getting arrested for making stupid comments on facebook, makes me incredibly glad the internet didn't take hold until my late teens. 
It's originally from '06.  These kids are probably legal now.
[deleted]
[deleted]
How do you guys know this??
[deleted]
Huh, cool.
Facebook stalkers are weird, to be sure.
They are from my hometown, and yea, I'm pretty positive one is legal, the other is still mid high school I'm pretty sure.
He and I go to the same college.
And on Reddit

EDIT: Apparently it's not them.
That's not them
great find!
I think this is from college humour. Either way, it's not them. The kids in the original video are like 11 and it's not been 15 years since it was released.
Fun fact: I learned all my dance moves from this video..Not so fun fact: They do not attract the opposite sex as effectively as one would think.
If it didn't attract them at all, it attracted them as much as one would think.
Sometimes, I wonder what those weird kids are doing in their adult years.
I know the skinny one.  We became pretty good friends in college
Really? What are they up to now? Did their fledgling music career take off as anticipated? :P.You never met his brother?
The exact same thing
College, that's what. 
NNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOO
I honestly don't know if this is them, but I have my suspicions.

He should blow his nose
I had to stop watching because of that.
This is Froggy Fresh, formerly known as Krispy Kreme, and he is the baddest of them all. He was also on Tosh a while ago and it was found that "Krispy Kreme" was more of a character and he actually has some real skills.
Go on knowyourmeme, someone had posted their FB links. For obvious reasons, I can't post them here..EDIT: Red shirt hasn't change, still just as 'swag'.
AMA REQUEST?: THE CRAZY FROG BROS!!!
They've turned up on Reddit threads before.
Awe, Balls! I wish I had seen!!
This...
.)
The title of that video is "crazy frog brothers 15 yrs later!!" If i remember correctly the crazy frog song came out in 2006. Soooooo..... 2006+15= 2021.....THIS VIDEO IS SET IN THE FUTURE!!!!
It was made in ..
Thats when he started the idea for it. According to that link he didnt post it until 2003 and it wasnt called crazy frog until 2004. But i dont think it really took off until 2006.
That's your first thought?
Chris Hansen something something
I couldn't help but notice the first 4 characters of your name.
BROKEN AR... wrong thread.
still every. fucking. thread
this is exactly how i imagine everyone here on ..
Everyone on reddit*

This is exactly how I imagine everyone.
This is exactly how I imagine.
This is how I live.
Anyone else encounter a clan and copy their tag when playing? It's funnier when they're a bunch of kids and you pretend you are the new leader if their clan.
Yeah, I would do that with my friends. Especially when the clan was using mics. When we'd get a lobby like that we'd use a certain phrase then change then. 
The best part is when you stalk them game to game with their clan tag, it's funny when the leave straight away.
That or we'd do the inverse of their tag to fuck with them then demolish their shitty team.  Besides if you had a full team of 6 people don't usually stay into lobbies it's not fair to anyone else really.   I'm not sure why this post was up voted if you had a decent team of 4-6 people you could run any lobby and people would wtf at getting destroyed when your getting the max kill streaks 
DOWD! Y!? STAHP!
I do that, or if it's a clan with numbers, I do one number higher. (ex. against [007], I change mine to [008].
That and using using words of 4 letters or less (profane or otherwise) to make sentences with the clan tags. More fun with more people in the group.
My friend and I did that once. Then the whole lobby changed their clan tags. It was hilarious.
I thought I was so clever when I did it, guess I'm not the only one. Funniest moment I have had playing  Black ops 2. 
Every time I play I copy the clan tag of anyone roaming in groups of 3 or more. It's pretty awesome most of the time. Occasionally my mom gets fucked though. 
Did I read this correctly? 
Possibly. I reread it. It's just a jumble of words. Sorry. 
You win some, you lose some.
Well if they are as good as they claim, mom wins. 
Best title for this. Not even mad about repost. This is why I switched to battlefield.
Arma is a good one for PC too
You can't really compare a game like ArmA to Battlefield or Call of Duty. ArmA is very realistic, slow-paced, and tactical. Battlefield and Call of Duty are fast and cinematic.
Yea, that's true. Battlefield is a good middle ground.
Battlefield is definitely a lot slower paced than CoD
You think the clans there are any better? They're a whole new breed of annoyance.
I'veheard a lot about it and was thinking about getting it once I got a PC. I like battlefield so ,much though because of the big wide open maps and the vehichles and being able to be a suicide bomber (I strap C4 onto a jet and crash into tanks etc while screaming AIYAIYAIYAIAYAIYAIAYAIAYAIAYAIAYHAAHHHH into my mic). 
[deleted]
Try jets flying through the air in unison as tanks come over the hills, guns blaring. It takes a while to master the jet but once you get this done, the enemies will shit themselves..Note: or a squad of 4 Germans and a Canadian driving around shooting helicopters in a tank. I felt so outnumbered but they liked me and spoke English.
Sounds like you were in
YEAAHHHHHHHHHH
pfft, get back to me when you play a real FPS like counter-strike bro
I can't even understand the Source of your angst. 
Yeah, it's like he's GOing out of his way to be Offensive.
Solider front 2 anyone?
Counter strike can't even compare to kill zone let alone BF3, buddy.
You just don't have the skill.
Stop dude, my sides hurt.
No FPS is even close to counter strike in competitiveness or skill needed to play at a high level. That being said battlefield can be more fun to play if you just wanna relax and have fun with some friends.
As an ex competitive scene CS 1.6 and CS:S player I can safely say this is a blatant lie. Games like Quake and UT will always stand out as the pinnacle of FPS competition in my mind. So much faster, so much more in depth strategy..Understand 1v1 map control in a game like Quake is infinitely harder to master than CS strats.
OK I overlooked quake and UT. They are obviously better/more competitive but getting into those scenes nowadays is a lot harder than CSGO
I just downloaded Quake. If it's so great why is it FTP? Do you have to but guns or something?
League of Legends is also Free To Play and it is currently the most popular e-sports title world wide. I don't see your point.
Well it isn't really uncommon to have ftp MMO's. But FPS?
LoL is not an MMO -_-.Buy yeah the Quake games still have a small but loyal competitive scene.
Sorry, I don't play LoL. I thought it was an MMO.
I sincerely hope this was a joke.
I'm not your buddy, friend.
I'm not your friend, pal.
I'm not your pal, guy.
I'm not your Guy, prijatelj.
I'm not your buddy, guy
The elitism is strong with this one.
Almost every game there is some dick in the AA gun shooting me & my teammates & destroying vehicles when they spawn. I think some people come to hardcore just to be a douchebag.
Yea  it fuckin sucks. Wasn't so bad when I first started playing but the last month and a half it's been terrible. Every clan just goes straight to your spawn and then on your team are a bunch of guys that just stand and look at their shadows. 
You .? Lol...there's no doubt about it dude. My roommate did this. He hated hardcore, was extra douchey to play with. Especially if the team played hardcore. He also played 12-17 hours a day every day.
When did he sleep or work?
He didn't work, he barely went to class. Sleep? Well..he would get in an hour here or there. Once when my other roommate and I stayed down to work the week before Christmas he came up and started playing around noon, came home from work he was still playing. Left for work at 6am the next morning he was still playing, about 10 BFC monster cans around him, he had moved his tv into the living room for some reason. Came home at lunch and he'd passed out from exhaustion in the middle of the floor with his big boots still on..This is 100% true too. Never met someone who played like he did.
My suitemate my sophomore year of college was like this with wow (Burning Crusade had recently been released). He would sometimes play for 25 hours at a time. He was a really nice guy, but was morbidly obese, skipped class, and didnt move from his chair. He would let me have half of his food if I would make it for him (i.e., pizza rolls) and basically just drank red bull..So I 100% believe you as I have had a similar experience. Poor Sam, he knew he had a problem. Dropped out of school... but he's doing a lot better now. WoW free for years, lost a bunch of weight, etc.
Between those assholes and the douchebag admins that kick you for being better than them, I'm really starting to hate the (ps3) game users..but I can't quit. I whoop too much ass in the jet.
That's why I liked their policies on BF2. They banned servers for enforcing non rules (ie servers with weapon limitations, etc) they stopped in BF3 which is a shame, because it was hilarious watching the 14 year old rental admins crying to EA about their server and the reps showing them evidence of rule breaking and favoritism.
one of the reasons i stopped playing bf3
As someone who plays on PS3 and 360, 360 online was what I played 99% of the time till the XBOX fiasco, the 360 community is so much worse than the PS3 it isn't even funny. Every kid has a headset, and every one of them are annoying.
Honestly, idk why you are getting downvoted. .I was one of these kids on original Xbox on halo 2. Looking back, I hate myself and can't imagine how angry everyone else was. Hahaha.I have changed my ways however. .....Now I just troll on league of legends, Cus PC master race ftw. /s
The downvotes are probably a mixture of the ones who can't handle the truth about their precious XBL, and the others are probably mad that I mentioned the XBO fiasco and are tired of the circle jerk..I'm not a PC player, but I would build one and join in on this amazing summer sale before I'd ever get an XBO.
Do it. Head over to r/buildapc they are great and can worth with any budget pretty much. Sub 500 would be hard though. It's a great community with lots of great info.
I've seen this gif for years and it never gets old.
I wonder how old they are now and if they know of their successes 
I've seen this gif for years and have absolutely no idea where it originates.
youtube. Theyre singing to that crazy frog that was once popular.
crazy frog bros - .Aaaaaand . that swears at bill gates. Thankyou internet.
Two kids, "The Crazy Frog Bros." or something. The gif is of them singing crazy frog. If you pay close enough attention you can see the kid mouthing "This is the crazy frog" or some crap..They're classics to the internet.

I just sat there speechless. Of all things on the internet this is the one thing that made me speechless. Dam it! 

What you did there, I see it.
Can't see this shit on mobile. Gonna come back later
Wasn't there a rap video of two brothers posted in the past few months that people on Reddit thought it was the Frog Brothers grown up?  
Good god. A friend of mine and I nearly made a very similar video around the same age. .I was terrified this was us and I just didn't remember. .Then I realized they look nothing like us. .At least we were gonna wear frog masks.
AMA request: crazy frog brothers.
Super Crazy Frog Bros. What have you done?
AMA Where Are They Now - request. 
It's a shame these boys probably drowned in pussy juice shortly after producing this video.
Is it possible this is froggiefresh and money maker mike?! I seriously think they are the same people on youtube.
Holy shit. Just looked that video up and WHAT?!.I think you may be right.  
rip little buddies.  the world wasn't ready for you

Yet another Crazy Frog related death. They never saw it coming, those poor bastards. But they never do, do they?
The sheer amount of detail to make sure it was the same that was put into this is quite astounding. 
how could they leave out the rope swing?!
dat loop
Not looped... Ping ponged.
What's that?
When the gif reaches the end it plays backwards until the start.
Reversed?
oh, cool
It goes forward and back and forward and so on.  It doesn't skip from end to beginning, it rewinds.


Where is the one with the kid tossing a pizza?
Check the replies, you just missed it. 
What's the video called?
Replying to save for later.
Steve go back to your room!

Thank you so much.
Had a bad day. Things seem better now. Thanks.

I know dat feel, bro
Why, what's been happening man? Tell Uncle Cb4d3cfc63360e870eef!
How much do you hate logging in everyday
Logging .? Who logs out of reddit?!
People who leave their houses.
People with alternate accounts..You know, you have your main and a novelty or maybe a throwaway.
...or they're all just rolled into one.
Main =/= throwaway.The last case of a main/throwaway that I can think of was the guy who posted the murder confession bear and because he had used his main to post it, the police were able to track him down.
link
He deleted it after people on here took him seriously. He posted something like:.
.People started scouring his previous submissions to determine who he was and where he lived until it got out of control and the dude just deleted everything.

itsa me! Mario!
best thing ive seen all week
I love you.
.
Just save it to your computer man
RES lets you save it, Reddit gold lets you save it, dragging and dropping the "Permalink" link into your bookmarks saves it... .also happy cakeday
phone. 
That is not how u toss a pizza.
LOL I usually don't show any emotions in funny GIFs, but this...omg

Warning: Do not watch I you have seizures from bright/flashing lights.
Thank you for this
I'm glad I wasn't the only one who thought he looked like a pizza spinner.
How horny . you?
AMA request: dolphin guy
level: dolphin rape
You can't rape the willing ;)
Eeeeee!
Sapped girls can't say no.
Want to play the rape game?
Holy shit, this made me laugh the hardest out of all of them.
Come on now, you don't spin the pizza with the pepperonis on already, that's just madness.
That's how you get ants
Daenerys would like a word with you.
Madness? . 
i think thats fake (it probly is lol).i play cod its cool to see waht other cod players look like ! OP should make a skyrim gift, i want to see what other skyrim players look like XD
The guy holding the pad jumped at the last second, which is why he flew so far. The dude kicking would still have to be pretty strong, but sending someone that far back with a push kick isn't impossible.
How can you even see it on that gif for ants?
The dude kicking him is Andrei Arlovski. 
I agree, he flew farther because he jumped..But to be fair, the kicking dude is huge, comes in at running speed, and does a frontal kick, which allows him effectively to put all his body mass behind his foot..His jumping up and a little back was probably less for effect, and more to take out much of the energy that this impact clearly had. Even with the pad he's holding, that kick must have hit his stomach hard.
Yeah, being on the other side of that would have hurt

No, this is Patrick.
Can I get a source for that?
Actually 
No, this is Patrick.

his power level is well above 9000!!!
His friend is just like "Dude. Stop."
I just accidentally my keyboard.
I just accidentally my penis
I accidentally my bacon! D:
.
Fuck I just died laughing
Well done man
I could hear that gif 
Yeah, as soon as it went crazy I heard him scream. 
swag...
Who has the fucking time and determination to do this shit??
This is beautiful 
Holy shit that was actually crazy
Wow that was actually really amazing. 
When swag reaches maximum overload.
I want to know what ICP track these juggalos are listening to.
You know, ICP really isnt worse than any current rap music. All thats on the radio is fake thugs and brand advertisment or talking about getting head. .I'd listen to ICP over that. Theyre storytellers on alot of their lyrics rather than mindless jabber. Yeah, the magnets shit was cringe worthy. But they are one of few groups who actually care about their fans more than just as a source of money. They just recently cut loose their big acts and friends because they said they will be pouring most of their money into fighting a case against the fbi that is labelling their fans as a gang. These innocent people who have a tattoo of the band like so many other groups have in their fanbase are actually having ICP fight to keep them off a ridiculous gang list. Do you think Lil Wayne would give a shit about you enough to do something like that?
i believe its crazy frog 

relavent: 
i love you

my fave
.
Any power level rising type of gif is amazing.
Do you have... more? 
i laughed out loud at this one and got stares. .Worth it.
One of the few times something on reddit has had a facial reaction from me, and it was a mix between :D and :O

 
Omg :)
I never knew of this until today. I love it. Thank you
welcome ;) 
THAT THANK YOU WAS FOR ME, GET YOUR OWN.
Thank you...thank you so much.

Dear God, how am I only finding this now?
I'm so happy this is a thing.
Ever seen a real life super saiyan? Skipping to 3 minutes would be best...idk how to link it to that :/
just so you know, when you right click the video theres an option "copy URL at current time" 
Jiffy! 4:13-4:27
Quick tip. You add this to the end if a link &t=3m or maybe this &t=180s or both together &t=3m3s
So does this make me duper saiyan if i do this in the bathroom?
I like this version better
how the in the world did that kid get 7 million views... 
Because it's fucking hilarious.
that's how you link to a specific time :D
Good effort...
Linking to a certain time in the video, is done with the . anchor, specifying a time..Can also be done by skipping to that part of the video, right clicking the video, and selecting "Copy video URL at current time"..Don't know whether this works in their HTML5 player yet.
Sounds like a car. He's a bit slow with transmission.
The first few minutes were oddly motivational. 
I thought he was better in The Wire, but I am a fan of Michael B Jordan. 
Jiffy 4:17-4:23
Right mouse button on video and "Copy video URL at current time" (at least on Chrome) 
 4:13-4:27
Is this the syntax you are looking for?.Jiffy! 4:13-4:27
 Jiffy! 4:13-4:27 
You need to post the link. 
I was waiting for him to shoot lightning shit. Why didn't he shoot lightning shit?
The fuck?

This is what I was expecting from the video..Not some kid just HHHHNNNNNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG for far to long. 
Bravo Johnny, bravo.
Johnny Bravo, actually
You mean johnny brahvo

That's what Zimmerman must have saw. 

I actually just watched this a few days ago!
what can't Superman do....
Front page?
WTF!? I just watched this about 4 hours ago!
The Goddamned Batman.
Lois' right eye....
i miss being able to watch all the old batmans after school
Batman is a dick, but he's an AWESOME dick.
Freaking LOVE Batman! I can hear the voice in my head.
GOAT batman show 
Batman is a fucking bad ass.
This is hilarious!  I can't stop laughing!
someone explain plz
Kad sam bio ananasa, sam jeo tisue sitnih malih ohara za doruak i veeru. Jeo sam grah lima za ruak
Narcissism has always been a common trait in the Batman character.
The resentment come from Superman being born with powers while Batman exists because of sheer will. As a child Bruce could have saved his parents if he had Superman's powers. 

I'm rich batmaaaaaaaahhhhn
I'm surprised no-one has said this yet.Batman and Superman really don't like each other, Batman essentially thinks superman a bit of a showoff and dosn't agree with his patriotism, in the comic book Batman Begins he's shown taking orders from the whitehouse, something Bruce would never have done..Superman on the other hand thinks of Batman as somewhat of a loose cannon, and is probably more than a little unnerved about just how far this weak human with no powers can threaten the entire justice league I mean one point he accidentally lets his plans fall into the  hands of an enemy, who then captured the entire justice league just using the knowledge of his plans..He had plans on how to deal with every single member of the justice league if they ever went walkabout. Every single one.
What movie or episode of show is this? 

One of the lasting scenes of the ...
Eat a spoonful of powdered kryptonite. 
Classic batman:) I miss those shows :D 
Humblest guy in the room and I am in the room too. - El-P
lol. i feel like this should be a meme. Brutally Honest Batman.oh, wait..there is.
Batman's like a toned down iron man

BATMAN > SUPERMAN.  All day, any day!

Because he is Batman
and has a friend, Dick. Dick was also slang for being a detective. So he's a dick dick who teaches Dick to be a dick dick too. 

I just want everyone here to know that Justice League and Justice League: Unlimited are such amazingly good shows, and they are both on Netflix Instant. I highly recommend watching all of them because they are just so good. 
Im batman....IM RICH BATMAN
Being a dick, classic batman

So Lois looks like Aishwarya Rai.
I really miss these cartoons being played on tv. just look what they did to teen titans, i want some classic dc cartoons on cartoon network again

Usually because batman has broken modesty's wrist.
Batman scientist!
I think "Humility" might be better than "Modesty".


For all you JL lovers out there, make sure to watch this new movie called Justice League - The Flashpoint Paradox. I just watched it and got completely shocked and amazed at how brutal and full of death it is. Amazing!
Yeah but now we're getting the new 52 animated universe and I'm sad.
More like sassman
oo look funny 
Haha, in every single comic rendition of Batman and Superman interacting, Batman is always criticizing Superman for his lack of foresight and strategical competence. Some of the shit he says is pretty funny..great line..
yo fuck these orphans
anyone else notice that superman's quiff points a different direction in the second part (left) to the first part (right) or is it just me...
 because he's smarter.

To be fair, Batman did get rejected by Lois after she found out he and Bruce Wayne were one in the same. Kinda has a right to be a little salty.

That happens after this. 

Right ... but if you factor in prep-time Batman was getting salty in advance.
You can totally see his bat bulge most of the time too. 
What is this from? Like is it a movie or just part of the justice league series? 
I'm gonna say probably The New Batman/Superman Adventures.
The fuck is Superman wearing?
You stole this off of r/batman almost word for word
I read that as "Batman and Molesty go hand in hand".
did your parents teach you to speak that way?
Sounds like something Iron Man would say.

Iron Man would say it with a smug smile. Batman says it straight to shut down his attempt at idle talk.
There were giant robots and the Joker was on the loose.  There wasn't time ego fluffing.
This is even funnier since I've been playing LEGO Batman 2 on the Vita. The dialog between Batman, Superman and Robin is pretty funny. 

I believe this is from The Batman Superman movie, which also correlates to the New Batman/superman animated adventures titled Worlds Finest Part 1&2.

I'm a humble motherfucker with a big-ass dick.
You give yourself too much credit.

When you piss are you actually shitting? How does that even work?


Technically Superman could pull Batman to pieces for being such a snarky prick, but he's probably just gonna say absolutely nothing and take it like the bitch that he is (when not saving the world from total destruction). Then he'll call it a night and walk Lois home, but pussy out when it comes time to make a move. He'll then head to his dark and lonely apartment where before bed he'll direct his jealousy of Bruce's bitchin' lifestyle in ward and use that unstoppable self-loathing to help cry himself to sleep.

My entire ass.  Superman is badass enough that he doesn't need to be a dick.  He's secure in his manhood, and in the knowledge that he could crush Bruce's skull with his little finger, all while a hot brunette, a hot redhead, and a hot mermaid fight over who gets to be with him.  "Your parents are dead?  Cry me a river, bitch, my whole PLANET is dead."
But he didn't know anyone on that planet personally batman grow up with his parents for a bit he actually lost something while superman never had anyone to begin with.
Batman doesn't need to be patronized. Go fuck yourself Clark!
Batman is modest sometimes, he keeps the fact that he is a billionaire quiet when punching henchmen.

I'd be pointing it out like every other punch * WAP* , . * POW *
That's pretty much Tony Stark right there.

On the other hand, He didn't name himself "Superman", so there's that. 

Neither did Clark/Kal.
It's Kal-El, not Kal. That bugged the shit out of me during Man of Steel.
But isn't El the last name or do Kryptonians do it differently 
Lois named him Superman.

I am Hopeman.
"It's not an S, On my world it means hope".Well, here its an S, How about Sup.Best line of the movie.
TIL Batman has Aspergers.

As a person with Aspergers, I'm not understanding this. 

wut.Sorry, I don't get it. Could someone explain it to me please?

Aspergers tends to cause people to seem a bit harsh and blunt due not quiet catching social cues, in some cases at least.

Still, it's hard to categorize Aspergers and HFA.  I believe this is the main reason why there is debate on whether or not to categorize it on the DSM.
Oh don't get me wrong, not trying to debate the eccentricities of the two. just explaining what . was going for with his comment.

whoa, sperg out about it

Brutally honest Batman 
EDIT: Somebody else come up with better ones for proof of concept.  I'm not witty enough.



Seems like a far better idea than half the other annoying ass memes that appear consistently all over this damn place. That's right I said it! Bring on the the hate! I'd happily follow brutally honest Batman down to hell.

The ol' back-in-your-face redditroonie!
It's ok man, I liked it.
I'm honestly surprised at the backlash.  I didn't realize there was that much difference between . and ., but I guess people will be elitist about anything, including humor..I mean, I honestly don't care.  I'm not subscribed to AdviceAnimals anyway, just thought the concept was amusing, and enjoyed finding the right image.  I don't care about the downvotes either, makes no difference to me.
I, for one, found it hilarious.
That's interesting. I also unsubbed from . , and I have no problem with witty image macros. Perhaps the flood of shitty ones is decreasing the average redditor's taste for them in general.
I laughed...I'm on board with brutally honest batman
Can you just please leave the internet forever
How many downvotes did he have before you added your comment?

That's a little harsh, man. This is reddit. Meme jokes are a thing.
But I like it here.

[deleted]

They treat each other as Bruce and Clark in private. 
Which is hilarious considering both Bruce and Clark are their alter egos. 
[deleted]
Ah, very cool! But what the hell is Batman doing in Metropolis? :D

[deleted]
Exactly what episode of what series or movie is this from? Can't believe no one's actually specified this yet so I can go watch it.
He peeked... Shouldnt have peeked...
Batman would have done it anyway.
Let's be understanding about this. Batman's arrogance is just an inferiority complex flipped on its head. Witnessing the death of his parents left Batman with a permanent sense of insecurity about everything. Then too, he's dealing with Mr. Perfect, Superman, which is enough to make . defensive.
You're wrong! .The reason he said that is because he believes he is much smarter than Superman(and let's face it, he's probably right) and resents the way he uses his powers.  .He probably also believes, that, in the situation being referenced in the image, were their powers reversed, he wouldn't have . anyone else's help. And Batman's probably right there too- Superman has always had a nasty habit of forgetting some of his own powers in a pinch.
I think he was rubbing it in. Come on man, SUPERMAN needed his help. Wouldn't that give you an ego boost?
In the scene in question, if you notice, Superman's chest and S symbol is exposed via a ragged hole in a suit. He was wearing  lead suit to protect himself from kryptonite that the Joker had, but the joker sprayed his lead suit with acid (from a flower, I believe, naturally) thus exposing Superman to the kryptonite and ultimately leading to his death, if Batman hadn't saved him. AGAIN. And from a psychotic powerless clown, no less.

That's actually totally fucking wrong and people only upvoted you because it sounds good. Batman doesn't have insecurities, and he definitely doesn't have a fucking inferiority complex.
You clearly don't understand Batman.
Watch the Dark Knight Returns Parts 1 and 2..It shows their dynamic pretty well I think. Supposedly the inner monologues in the original comic version makes it better.
it shows a skewered version of their relationship. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone new who wants to find more classic bruce/clark stuff.
No, it doesn't. Superman come across as a government stooge. That's not Superman.



I love TDKR but in no way would I say it portrays Bats and Supes' relationship well, it doesn't even portray Supes very well.

I disagree. Batman knows that Superman with an unchecked ego could enslave the world, he purposely keeps knocking him down a peg at every chance to make sure he keeps him in check. Batman does not have an inferiority complex, and he would never even compare himself to any other super hero. He's simply Batman doing what he thinks is right.
or based on the fact that batman treats every other hero and his other actions, super or otherwise, shows that just because its a matter of life and death it doesnt phase him.  hes aware of the risks and decides that the best way to mitigate those risks is to give 100% and stay on task, not masturbate himself about how impressive everything they do is..its not arrogance, its honesty.  he wont feign modesty to make idle conversation.
I think he also has a desire to show humans as capable leaders. He isn't going to fawn over superpowered heroes, and he doesn't want other humans doing so either..This is why Batman, like other purely human heroes, is more interesting than the immortal ones. Who cares what Superman can do, he did nothing to earn that power and he certainly doesn't use it to its full potential. Batman takes great risks to accompany those like Superman who are just kids on a playground.
I just saw Justice League: Doom. They stop a robbery and Superman says something like, "We're not going to find anything more tonight. We should go home and get some sleep." And Batman very forecully says, ".."

Thats because batman is a known Workoholic, where as superman will go home, go to bed and sleep in, because hes a lazy fucking bastard.
I think its become Batman knows Superman doesnt actually need sleep and feels patronized .

Could it be? That Superman is actually more HUMAN than Batman? While Superman was raised by human parents, Batman was raised by... - You know I think I have found the true cause of laziness in humans - being brought up by parents (at least human ones)  

Batman was raised by Alfred. Butlers aren't the kind of people who slack off.
Although, its not like he had to be a butler for a family anymore. 
Alfred taught Bruce everything. Alfred's a fuckin beast!
Dude.....low blow
I mean, it's not like Superman doesn't deserve it.  
If super man won't take that guys crystal jello I will. 
That picture is "Injustice: Gods Among Us" in a nutshell. 
That's not fair, he was exposed to Red Kryptonite.
Was there any reason why he was this way?

Yeah.  
Silver age. That's all the reason you really need. 
I always think I know a little bit about comics. Then I get on Reddit...
I can understand the crown, but the animal print on the cape... come on man.
He's FAB-YOU-LUSS!

I'm reasonably sure it's supposed to be .. Like proper ..

Is that Queen carrying a Holy Hand Grenade
apple of eden 
All signs point to ..


I hope she knows that the number of the counting shall be three.
No more... No less!
Superman does not obey the petty fashion rules of humans
He can leap fashion rules in a single bound 

Is that George Feeny in the far back !?!?
FEEEHEHEHEHEENEEHHHHH!.But no it's Commissioner Gordon incase that was a serious question.
Wat?

Orange Mocha Frappuccinos. Not even once.
They died in a freak gasoline fight accident.
They too can't not die.
Having seen all Batman related cartoons during my life.  I have learned that the Kevin Conroy Batman (Batman the Animated Series, The New Batman/Superman Adventures, JL, JLU, Batman Beyond, the one pictured here), simply doesn't give a fuck.  Not even once.  He is the realest motherfucker you will ever know.
I don't know if you played the Arkam City game, but it's got some great dialogue that you'll enjoy.
Whatever it is, I like it.
can you specify what JL and JLU means? also, how would you rank each batman cartoon? I'd like to watch the best of them. The only batman I've ever watched was Batman Beyond during my childhood.
Justice League, and Justice League Unlimited.  It's the same character in order I wrote in the original comment.  He ages throughout those series and gets more badass and real as he gets older.

Justice league and justice league unlimited. Watch them, watch them NOW.
With perhaps one exception, no one gives more fucks about his fellow man than Bruce Wayne.
except for the recent JL movie: Flashpoint Paradox .(\spoilers) ["This Conroy Batman cries in the end upon seeing his dad's letter from the dimension Flash was recently in"] 
He gives a fuck, when a fuck needs to be given. He just doesn't give a fuck about the unimportant stuff. He's got no time for bullshit. 


And cares less and less about maintaining the Bruce Wayne personae. By Batman Beyond he just doesn't give a fuck, there is no Bruce by that point, it's just Batman without the cowl.
Yeah man.  A lot of people don't get that.  Bruce Wayne is the made up personae.  Batman is that person's true personality.
The day Kevin passes away is the day batman dies. He's the one and only voice of batman. 
Don't you ever dare say something like that. Kevin Conroy will live forever. Him and Stan Lee. 

He's the only one that can pull of Bruce Wayne and Batman.  It's what I grew up hearing, and he's a great voice actor.
Agreed. I watched Batman Under the Red Hood on Netflix, and while its fricken awesome, the fact that Kevin Conroy and Mark Hamill weren't doing the voices almost ruined it for me. 
Mark Hamill's Joker is just too good.  Creepy and kinda high pitched, the exact opposite of Batman's dark and deep voice.
What ruined it for me was hearing Bender every time the Joker talked.
same goes with Mark Hamill and the joker.
I think Hamill quit.
D:
Yeah he did.  Joker voice was destroying his vocal cords.  SPOILER.Arkham City was his last time, he officially retired after that.  So Joker dying at the end was a tribute to that version of the character dying.

fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck..but what about origins?
Troy Baker's taking over as Joker.  He played Robin and Two Face in Arkham City.
Just saw a video of Troy voicing the joker. He does it justice. It really sounds like a younger joker, I approve!
IMHO that's the best batman

If they do actually attempt a live action JLA movie, this is the version of Batman they should aim for.
I completely agree.
The . of Bruce not giving a fuck.
TIL, Clark Kent is Bruce Wayne with glasses.

It's actually clever, but their designs are . different, as are their animations and movements. Just enough for you to tell the difference in motion while being able to reuse many, many frames.
But...Clark Kent without glasses is Superman..Meaning Bruce Wayne is Superman.....
Dude, don't cross the streams. 
.
Showing up at Superman's job with Superman's girl on his arm, knowing Superman can't say shit.  I guess there are alternatives to kryptonite. 
I've always loved how Superman manages to maintain his secret identity without wearing any sort of mask. Batman on the other hand needs to cloak himself in black, wear a mask that covers half of his face, and disguise his face.
Not to mention that cartoon batman and superman look exactly the same. Except Bruce wayne has normal eyes and Superman has dot eyes.
Dot LASER eyes. 


Batman does it to strike fear more than hide who he is..superman has hypnotic glasses..I shit you not that was the explanation, at least as of a while back I dont know if they changed it.
, so why the fuck not..(i bet the fans were pretty angry at that movie)
Holy shit..what movie was that? 3 or 4?

His second face is his voice, right?
Superman has to wear a costume disguise his identity. Everyone else has to wear a costume to prevent making their identity.
Because Batman is Bruce Waynes alter identity. He doesn't wake up in the morning as Batman he has to physically portray him self as such. While Superman is the opposite, he wakes up as Superman and has to portray him self as a human to hide who he is. Clark Kent is Superman's perspective on the human race and how he manages to blend in.
Thank you, David Carradine.
In fact, Batman is typically written as the real persona and Bruce Wayne is a farce. The best depictions of Batman portray him as a fanatic moral absolutist, a violent, calculating obsessed man, and the dimwitted playboy Bruce Wayne as who he pretends to be ( while drinking ginger ale instead of champagne) while driving cars and getting women in order to keep suspicions off of him.

I saw Kill Bill, too.
I saw Kill Bill 2.
I saw Kill Bill 2 as well
Kill Bill 3 is supposed to be coming out next year.EDIT: Actually, I just looked it up and it looks like he scrapped it. Bummer. 

in the 90's cartoon, when asked how he knew the voices in his head weren't real delusions (rather planted by the scarecrow), he answers robin with "because they kept calling me "bruce"."

That was from Batman Beyond and Bruce is talking to Terry, who is Batman in training, not Robin.

That's not robin you're thinking about. You're thinking about terry McGinnis, from batman beyond... I think

Correct:.Terry: Tell me something - why were you so sure those voices weren't coming from you?.
Bruce: Well, first, I know I'm not psychotic..
Terry: I hope your other reason is more convincing..
Bruce: Second, the voice kept calling me "Bruce." In my mind, that's not what I call myself..
Terry: What do you call yourself? [Bruce just looks at him for a moment] Oh, yeah. I suppose you would..
Terry[Batman voice]: But that's my name now..
Bruce: Tell that to my subconscious.  

If I may nerd out for a moment, that was actually in ., and he's talking to Terry, the new batman..Terry: But that's my name now..Bruce: Tell that to my subconscious. 

You know, this isn't the thing that breaks my disbelief when it comes to Superman.  Take as granted all his powers, the fortress at the north pole, the laughable disguise...  no big deal..But you can't escape that at some point, Superman was a teenager.  Which means he was by default a . who could also fly and shoot lasers out of his eyes..Yet not once did he draw a giant dick on the moon's surface with his laser eyes.  That's where I call bullshit.

Batman's costume helps him blend in with the dark at night, scare the shit out of people, not just to hide his face.
Oh... there's very nerdy explanations for that.  . goes on to describe even more theories.
Wasn't another one of the explanations given in the comics that superman vibrates his face flash style so that most people see his face as a vaguely facelike blur?
Wouldn't that hurt him?

It's also not really that hard to hide musculature with bad posture and by intentionally making everything as lax as possible.
His cowl is also lead lined so that Superman can't see through it with X-ray vision..That is before Bruce reviles his identity to him, obviously.
Y'know some might argue the opposite. He . Batman, Bruce Wayne is his mask. 
That's what Batman said in Batman Beyond. This guy uses his powers to speak to Bruce (to make him think he's hearing voices and going crazy). Bruce figures out its someone else because in his mind he doesn't call himself Bruce. And this is years after he retires from Batman.

I have been searching for twentyish mins now and i can't find the article i read about it a while ago but it explains both sides about it pretty well. But the main point behind it was something about Superman seeing the human race as meek and timid which he heavily portrayed in his alter ego.
Now, a staple of the superhero mythology is, there's the superhero and there's the alter ego. Batman is actually Bruce Wayne, Spider-Man is actually Peter Parker. When that character wakes up in the morning, he's Peter Parker. He has to put on a costume to become Spider-Man. And it is in that characteristic Superman stands alone. Superman didn't become Superman. Superman was born Superman. When Superman wakes up in the morning, he's Superman. His alter ego is Clark Kent. His outfit with the big red "S", that's the blanket he was wrapped in as a baby when the Kents found him. Those are his clothes. What Kent wears - the glasses, the business suit - that's the costume. That's the costume Superman wears to blend in with us. Clark Kent is how Superman views us. And what are the characteristics of Clark Kent. He's weak... he's unsure of himself... he's a coward. Clark Kent is Superman's critique on the whole human race.
this reminds me of that speech superman gave to darkseid (while fighting him). .how he always has to tiptoe around human villains because their just so squichy. how he always fear he might accidentally kill someone, break someone. .and he is so fucking glad to meet someone who actually can take his full power. then he gave darkseid an epic punch, tossing him through half the city.
i don't have the link either but its played in the monologue from kill bill two where kent is superman's idea of what is human..the inverse of that is that kent is everything superman believes is good in man kind.

What an arsehole. .Batman needs to cap him with his kryptonite weapon already.
2edgy4me
That's from the speech near the end of Kill Bill. But it really doesn't work, since a major part of the Superman myth is the fact that he grew up as a Kansas farm boy.
He's not a human and he was raised in Kansas. .You know, where kids say "Sir" instead of "Eat a dick!"

Eat a dick...Sir!
Richard Christy was raised in Kansas. He definitely would say "Eat a dick!"
Not if Jonathan and Martha Kent raised him he wouldn't. 

Honestly, for me it made much more sense cweaver's reasoning:
Haha, that's actually a great explanation. There have been plenty of people you see on the street who "kinda sort" look like a celebrity -- only more homely and you think "Yeah, how about that?" and quickly forget..Shyamalan twist:  Everytime you see a celebrity lookalike it is indeed that celebrity purposely appearing more homely for the sake of privacy.

In the crossover between Batman TAS and Superman TAS he just let him peek. Then he planted a bug on him, followed him home and they both knew who the other one was. Made sense to me. 

In The Batman, Supes used his X-Ray vision and saw through the mask. So Batman one ups by tracking some fancy flight stuff to pinpoint the most places Superman has visited recently, leading Batman to his apartment. 
And he bangs Lois

I'm pretty sure that's what I just said...
They are two different shows. 'The Batman' is a separate show from 'Batman: The Animated Series'. 
Backing him up, in the batman he doesn't use a tracking device. He tracks all supersonic speeds or something and triangulated them back to Clark's place. .Source: I'm batman


One the one hand, it's a secret that Superman is Clark Kent and on the other hand it's a secret that Bruce Wayne is Batman..Bruce Wayne is famous, when he decides to become Batman, someone who will also be famous, it's necessary to prevent the two personas from being linked to prevent retribution and protect himself and others. He has to make himself unrecognizable as either one or the other, and the obvious choice is Batman..Superman is famous, but Clark Kent is just a nobody who looks kind of like Superman. Why would people even think Superman would want a secret identity?
True but Lois at least gets in close contact with both Clark and Superman constantly. I mean seriously she must be really bad with faces.


This too used to occupy my thoughts in the treehouse. As far as I can tell, he wanted to be able to have friends and family..If he was all bent like batman, he probably would have a "secret identity" but he would ADVERTISE it. Somebody comes to take revenge on him, oops, still invulnerable. 
Sorta like Tony Stark in the recent movies, then?
Well I thought it would be pretty obvious that he wouldn't want to give up being Clark Kent. He grew up as Clark. He doesn't think about himself in his head as "Superman." Also yeah he could hardly have a life as Superman and that private life would need protection. He's still bullet-proof but his mother, friends and Lois aren't. 
This is exactly the problem I had with the Superman monologue in Kill Bill*. Superman was raised as Clark. That's who he was for half his life before he even discover his Alien heritage and took up the cape. .He was the good ole Kansan farm boy, raised with salt of the earth Midwestern values, so Bill's description of him doesn't ring true for me..*. 


Clark Kent looks . like Superman. He should be getting stopped by talent scouts who are like "We want you to pretend to be Superman for our commercial!" or kidnapped by supervillians who want to frame Superman by forcing Clark to do something illegal.

That second one would be hilarious.

There's actually some context to this. In this story, those two have only met recently, don't trust each other yet, and, most importantly, are also competing over Lois, who has just started dating Bruce after getting tired of waiting for Superman to step up. Lois, of course not knowing that Bruce is Batman, is oblivious to the true nature of this little alpha male pissing contest about who's best at protecting her..Also, Batman is just kind of a dick. 
I try so HARD to like Superman but something just makes him BORING! Unlike most people I like the Marvel character The Sentry and if something like that was done with Superman I think it would make him so much more interesting.
For the most part, I agree with your statement.  There's a few really good stories out there..You should read Alan Moore's "Whatever Happened to the Man of Tomorrow."  It's one of the Superman comics that had a . influence on The Sentry, and unarguably one of the very best Superman stories ever told..The "All Star Superman" series is pretty awesome. (This was adapted into an animated film by the same name.).If you've got Netflix, there's also a Justice League (JLU?) episode called "For the Man Who Has Everything" that tells a really cool story. (It's . based on an Alan Moore issue from the 80's with the same name.  The original comic is good, but I enjoy the cartoon version a bit more.)  .Also, the animated movie "Superman vs The Elite" is worth checking out.  The ending is nothing short of awesome, even if the first bit kind of drags.

Man, if only they had a threesome. Lois would probably end up like hamburger meat if she got caught in the middle.

Anyone else think Lois was kind of a shallow bitch in the DCU? Treats Clark like a dweeb and fawns over Superman. People complain about Lois in Man of Steel but honestly I much prefer it to shallow Lois..EDIT: Sorry, I meant the .. Big cartoon viewer. Not so big comic reader.

This. It makes the hero seem much less badass when he can outsmart and defeat the worst of villians but cant see how unfair the relationship is and just keeps coming back trying to get her. Its sad really
My theory is he REEEEAAAAALLLLYYY gets into character. It helps solidify his alter ego, and keep his secret. For the reason you said, no one would believe the most powerful being on earth would be led on and dominated by a puny human like that. He knows the relationship is unfair. When he is in character he lives and breathes as though he's that person. Superman wouldn't take that shit from Lois, but Clark would..Supes is the Daniel Day Lewis of heros. .Daniel Day Lewis just changes his hair and puts on some normal makeup, and he turns into a completely different person. Look at the difference between My Left Foot daniel, Gangs of New York Daniel, Lincoln Daniel, and There Will Be Blood Daniel.
Not to mention she had to have been pretty dumb to not see through a pair of glasses... You know, what with being a world class reporter and all.
In the original comics, Supes could control his muscles to such a degree that he could alter his facial structure and . so that Clark Kent was several inches shorter, not as burly looking and had a different face.  They eventually got rid of that power because it's stupid, replacing it with things like "psychic glasses", telepathy, or Superman is always moving so fast that you can't actually see his face (he's a vibrating blur.)   Eventually they realized that it doesn't fucking matter and now everyone in Metropolis is just stupid for not recognizing it.
It's even easy to see through glasses! I do it everyday! 

Hmm, now that you mention the alternatives I think I'll actaully take the stupid people.
He's not a dick unless someone who lacks subtlety writes him. So...sometimes he's a dick, but it's more of a passing mood than a character flaw. 
He doesn't have time for all the pleasantries and BS.  He's straight to the point and if it hurts your feelings, well, that's just your own fault for having feelings.

Nah. Batman cares about people's feelings and he can dispense with some pleasantries when the time calls for it. It's a relatively recent trait of his to be a no nonsense, stick in the mud.

Everyone should watch this: 
I kind of think thats what makes him badass. He is just straightforward as batman.
If being badass is more important to you than character depth than sure, it's great. I just think we don't see . side of Batman often enough nowadays (from Batman and Catwoman #22 that came out today).
No don't get me wrong, I like a badass batman, but I also like seeing that side of batman. When it becomes rare, it is a treat when you see a much different side to him.
I gotcha. I'm not gonna sit here and say I don't like a badass super hero and when Batman is badass, he's . badass (one time he went too badass and started calling himself "the goddamn batman"). As long as there is a good mix of the two. After all, he is a good guy. 
Yeah that was too far IMO. But it was funny. 
He isnt a dick, he is just cautious..Thats why he has plans to take down all his friends in the event they go dark side.
Poor GL.

That argument didn't go over so well on my ex when she found my journal.
should have told her that was what batman would do.

As evident in the Batman Beyond episode where Superman shows up and it's revealed that Mr. Wayne keeps in storage a sizable chunk of kryponite just in case Superman, "goes rogue," because he's, "done it before."
I think he was referencing Tower of Babel.
I miss that entire continuity. The DC Animated Universe(Batman the Animated Series, Superman Animated Series, Justice League, Batman Beyond) is still my absolute favorite rendition of the DC universe ever.
I tried reading DC comics when I was into comics, couldn't get into any of the characters.  I'm not a big fan of their movies (Batman, Superman).  But I absolutely love the DCAU..Some of the greatest TV ever came from BTAS, SAS, JL, JLU, and BB.
Don't forget Static Shock! It's in the same universe.

Once you go Darkseid you never go back... mostly because he kills you if you try to go back. 
Batman is so badass he went to Darkseid's planet and threatened him into letting Supergirl go back. And lived.
Or in Bruce's case, sends you thousands of years into the past as a time bomb.
literally, or as a bomb with a timer...?
Haha I guess in this case, both.
IIRC he gets sent back in time and jumps randomly forward while amassing energy. the original plan was that once he gets back to the current time he explodes with world-shattering force. The Justice League was able to defuse him I think
Favorite Batman quote EVER (From Justice League Doom).Superman: With all that talk about unchecked power, you are so arrogant that you didn't bother to come up with a plan to stop yourself?.Batman: [after a pause] I do have a plan. It's called the Justice League.

batman even has himself in check. that's how badass he is.
Just started watching this series recently. Great show. 
Awesome show, have watched it a couple times over, but this is actually from the animated move, Justice League: Doom. Slightly different continuity (or maybe they just added Cyborg and Barry Allen Flash, I forget). Either way, both are great.

Strange, I remember seeing this part. Maybe I watched the movie without realizing. I remember thinking it was a pretty badass line. 
Superman: I'll just move the Earth. .Batman: Even if I had a week, it wouldn't be enough to list the reasons why that won't work.
Which is funny because in some of the old superman comics, he moved entire galaxies of planets.
He was just bragging. Galaxies are moving on their own anyway.


I AM THE ONE WHO KNOCKS!
is this one of frank miller scripts?.dude lives in macho la la land...
Which comic is this from?

All Star Batman and Robin the Boy Wonder. AKA Frank Miller pissing all over the hero he at one time made so awesome. It's terrible. Everyone is out of character, and it so damn misogynistic it made me want to hurl. The Dark Knight Returns was good, and then Miller made this...
He's fucking Batman.

No, . fucking Batman.
 written by Frank Miller and penciled by Jim Lee.One of the most screwed up renditions of Batman I've ever read. He is incredibly violent and sadistic (I recall him running over a cop at one point with the Batmobile).The Joker is a weird serial killer who talks like the "It puts the lotion in the basket" guy and has a some chick as a lackey who walks around topless but has swastika tattoos on her breasts... .Yeah like I said one of the strangest renditions of Batman I have read to date...

What's with Frank Miller and his obsession with Nazi symbols? I think his blunt storytelling makes people believe it's actually ironically deep, because seriously how can something lack so much subtext and not be ironic, but I think he's just blunt, not trying to be ironic.
Yeah, cause Hitler did nothing wrong. 



Swaztitkas
Wow, Batman has quite the ego.
It's like Walter White as Batman.
An ego is fine. Shitty ham-fisted dialog is not. Frank Miller has turned into a terrible hack, and he didn't really have to walk that far to get there.
And you have quite the nistlenickle, Lincoln-idoling sustenance-dwelling-glass-biter.

In the comics he is the world's greatest detective and one of the best hand-to-hand fighters in the world, his ego is justified.
This is also Frank Millers Batman. Also your comment was written 2 minutes before his. What is this?
not to mention rich and pulls all the babes
That panel is from All-Star Batman and Robin, where Bats pretty much goes insane. I don't think it's actually canon.

It's most definitely not.
He's more of a dick when Frank Miller is writing him, even more so the later in Miller's career it is. Mostly because Frank Miller has himself become more of a dick over time. 
In the earlier comics there was a villain, who was more of a petty crook who annoyed batman and his only power was that he couldn't stay dead. So Batman broke his arms and legs, jammed him in a safe and launched him into space to begin a eternity of dying and resurrection in extreme pain and darkness. Of course that was still back when everyone Batman ran into ended up ironically killed. 

Frank Miller has written some of the most bat-shit crazy Batman comics I've ever seen. I really don't even know if I enjoyed The Dark Knight Returns...


are you kidding. he beats the fuck out of superman and calls him on it. it's one of the best storylines batman got. so good that Nolan made three movies out of it. 
The direction was far to insane for my tastes. So many out of character moments, too many times I sat there dumbfounded at how things are playing out, his relationship with the new Robin.. I don't know. I know many people loved the arc, but it's just not my cup of tea. I also don't care for the Nolan movies very much either. I enjoyed Begins and it got me excited, The Dark Knight was meh, and by the third I felt weak and sickly, wishing only to forget everything I had seen. I do know that I seem to be the minority there though.

Just think of Miller's bat stories as an alternate reality.
I kind of have to in order to keep my sanity. I mean, I own all of Miller's Bats TPBs, they're not horrible through and through or anything, and he was a huge contributor to the dark and gritty Batman, but it just goes too far away from how I view Batman in a lot of spots. I have to take it in as a "What if Batman completely lost his fucking mind and went senile."
The Dark Knight Returns is one of the best batman comics..I'll agree that the Dark Knight Strikes Again was pretty bad though

"I can be a dick. Do you know why?"."...Because you're-"."Because I'm ."

Is that from those 'how it should have ended' shorts?




Biggest let down of the entire movie. Can't believe they passed up that line...

And what of the Dark Knight Rises?."Ahh, so you've come to die with your city?".".".That line just froze the movie for me.
That line - to me - stinks of "ran out of time and couldn't think of a good thing to go here". I can imagine the script right now...

Superman is an alien demigod with laser eyes who lives in an ice fortress at the South Pole.  He flies all over the world all day saving people from natural disasters and aliens invasions.  Everybody knows where he's from and what he does and where he lives (from the many, many news stories and books written about him).  He doesn't even wear a mask..If you saw Clark Kent on the street, would you go, "Oh wow, I bet Superman secretly dresses up like some schmuck loser and holds down a 9-to-5 job in the city, just for fun!", or would you go, "Hey, look, that nerdy guy with the glasses and the bad posture sorta looks like Superman!" and then forget about it?
I've seen this explaination before, and it's always been my favourite one.
Well you'd probably say "Why is Superman walking around the street like that?" or "That guy looks . like Superman". If you met them both regularly and didn't make the connection, like Lois seems to, you'd constantly be mistaking them for each other. Gee, Superman, why are you dressed like Clark, hunched, and sitting at his desk? Clark, why are you dressed up as Superman and hanging around this secret Lex Corp laboratory, but golly you have good posture today?.It's not like you can put on a suit, hunch (or straighten) your back and suddenly everyone you know doesn't recognise you.
Lois is in the know
Some versions, yes, some versions, no. This particular one, no (not until much later, on a different show). In general, I think it works best if she knows but is pretending not to until Clark is ready to tell her.

I'm curious because I don't know much about the details of DC heroes,
but is Superman faster than The Flash?.I think always hearing 'faster than a speeding bullet' as a child 
really threw me off when it came between the two. .Also, how is their speed in comparison to Marvel's Quicksilver?
(Although at the same time, I'm not even sure if Quicksilver is faster than Northstar)
On mobile right now or I'd find a source but if I remember correctly he used to be but in the new 52 Flash is significantly faster. I think there's also a older story where flash admits that he's letting Superman win when they race.

I don't know about the comics, but in the animated show, the Flash and Superman have a race to see who's faster. They are both relatively the same, but get sidetracked to foil some villain's plot. No verdict was reached. 
The Flash is a LOT faster than Superman..There was a comic cross-over thing a while back where Quicksilver and the Flash raced. The Flash was obliterating Quicksilver in the DC Universe, but once they crossed into the Marvel Universe Quicksilver easily outran the Flash since the Flash relies on the Speed Force, which isn't present in the Marvel Universe. Quicksilver can run a bit above the speed of sound, the Flash can outrun time when he has the speed force on his side. :P.To answer Quicksilver vs Northstar: Quicksilver's mental abilities are ALWAYS working at a much higher speed than a humans, whereas Northstar can just run very fast and needs to concentrate while doing so. that said, Northstar is a lot faster than Quicksilver.((Northstar can run at the speed of light, but doesn't due to the damage he would cause to himself and the surrounding environment. Quicksilver is a lot slower in a flat-out race but is much speedier in his actions/mannerisms than Northstar. :) ))


He's slower than the flash but is still fast enough to be considered a speedster (super fast beings). Flash can run outside of the time stream continuum and shit. Superman cant. Thats the cricial distinction..Quicksilver used to be able to run at like mach 20 or something... he was never close to the flash because DC loves to make their characters overpowered... but he lost his powers and got time control ones I think


In one story arc somewhere they race, but keep getting interrupted so you never find out. They seem fairly evenly matched..That being said there is an episode of justice league where you see flash can actually become one with the "speed force" at which point I think we realize that flash is indeed capable of speeds far greater than superman. 
I would want to know is how Flash can run in short distances. Like how does he keep traction 

That second bit is a real mind blow. I had never thought of it that way
The Flash can run at the speed of light (sometimes faster resulting in time travel). Quicksilver can only run as fast as the speed of sound at first, but later he is boosted up to Mach 10. Mach 10 is about 8,000mph, whereas the speed of light is 180,000 miles per second. Obviously, Flash wins.

No the Flash is actually much faster. The whole race was basically a charity event so he put up a performance. Flash is actually one of the most powerful characters in the DC verse. Only the godlike characters are higher tier. Well it depends on which Flash you are talking about though because there have been many heroes named Flash.
The flash can be faster, but it is dangerous for him to push himself to that extent, he may not be able to come back to normal speed ever again.
The Flash is faster than Superman. He is definitely much faster than Quicksilver..Source: I've read lots of comics.

That's a good point. In reality, he really shouldn't have a secret identity.

That theory kind of falls apart for anyone that knows them both. Lois, Perry, Jimmy, Lex. Although I read an interesting point that maybe they know, but keep it to themselves for what ever reason.
"On several occasions, the Flash has raced against Superman, either to determine who is faster or as part of a mutual effort to thwart some type of threat; these races, however, often resulted in ties because of outside circumstances. However, after the DC Universe revision after Crisis on Infinite Earths, The Flash does successfully beat Superman in a race in Adventures of Superman #463 with the explanation that Superman is not accustomed to running at high speed for extended periods of time since flying is more versatile and less strenuous, which means the far more practiced Flash has the advantage. After Final Crisis in Flash: Rebirth #3 the Flash is shown as being much faster than Superman, easily outstripping him as Superman tries to keep up with him. He claims that those times that the races between them that were close were "for charity".
Perhaps they should have a final race with Superman being able to fly while the Flash runs. See whom is faster: the fly-boy, or the marathon runner.
Flash rebooted the entire DC universe by running really fast. I don't know if there's much of a contest here.


"This nerdy guy... with the most amazing body I've ever seen.".But yeah, I sort of agree.
Wearing a suit that doesn't fit very well and walking around with bad posture would cover up pretty much any muscles he has.  He'd look like a chubby dude.

That's an excellent point. He could be saving double the people if he just gave up the . thing. Every page he writes and every file he neatly sorts is another innocent life that could have been saved:/

that sentiment taken to its logical 

As mentioned in a lot of the other comments, modern Superman stories put a lot more thought into this. In the excellent All-Star Superman, Clark Kent interviews Lex Luthor as he's awaiting his execution on death row. How on earth can Superman walk up to his genius arch-nemesis and hide behind a pair of glasses?.Because he does it like ..
That's kinda how I'd imagine Stephen Hawking if he were to miraculously get up out of his chair.
so he wears a fat suit?
Wait, is the fortress of solitude at the south pole? .For some reason, I thought it was at the north pole. Probably because I can't imagine Superman's home being invaded by penguins.
It was at the North Pole for the 1950s/60s/70s, and then it was at the South Pole in the 80s/90s/2000s, and now I think it might be back at the North Pole again in the New 52.
It's at the North Pole. 

Santa suddenly makes sense.

In the '60s, Lois and Jimmy were CONSTANTLY trying to figure out Superman's secret identity, and half the stories were about Superman worrying it would be exposed. Reading your comment makes me wonder how they decided he had one at all!
The same is true of batman, honestly.  .Gothem city is like 3/4 catholic churches.   The entire construction industry is built up around the "Church -> Crime  -> Crime den - > Batman -> Office -> Crime -> Batman -> Rubble -> Church" chain. .If the batman showed up in a city like that, there would be rumours.   There would be priests capitalizing on the superstitions and including references to him in sermons.  There would probably be bat cults.  And every time a thug went missing or died (which happens all the time) people would be suspecting/blaming/scapegoating the batman as having killed/disappeared them.  Batman would be rumoured to have four thousand superpowers and every year there would be another dozen imitators claiming to be the real thing..And yet, everybody somehow knows that Batman is just one human, who doesn't ever kill anyone or use guns.  Bollocks to that.  Criminals (and people in general) are a superstitious and cowardly lot,  nobody would believe it.

In mask of the phantasm everyone thinks that the villain is Batman, because someone in a black cape is killing people.
Apparently Gothem's black cape shortage is so severe, and manufacture and distribution is so strictly controlled, that the entire population has no question in their minds that Batman has the only black cape unaccounted for..The police spend all their time enforcing black cape prohibition, which is how evil clowns and fancy-suited lunatics have ended up with free reign over the city.
Keeping the Clark Kent identity allows him to interact with and relate to the people he protects. It also allows him to take a break from saving the lives of others, and have one for himself..Even if he worked 24/7 as fast as he could, he couldn't possibly save everyone. Every single moment of his life is an ethical dilemma about whether or not he's helping the right person, and making the best possible choice of who lives and who dies..Without taking those breaks, and keeping his grasp on humanity with the links he has established, there's no way he would trust himself to make those decisions. Besides, what point is there in saving everyone else, if it robs him of any semblance of a life for himself..These are fairly common themes in modern Superman comics, and a bulk of the good writing focuses on these ideas.
Are there any runs that deal with Superman grappling with the aspect that he isn't letting humans do enough, I think in Red Son he starts to overdo everything and pretty much no one is too worried about anything dangerous. Any runs in general you would recommend?
SMBC solved this ..

Or as an alternative concept, perhaps everyone knows and lives in terror of Superman.  They know Clark and Superman are the same person.  They are just afraid of shattering his illusion and incurring his wrath.  
And Lex Luthor is the only man who's not afraid to stand up to him

This more or less happened when it got out that Daredevil is Matt Murdock (I think this arc came out about 12 years ago). Even though his superpowers are pretty low-level, all his enemies are so terrified of him that nobody really tried to take him down. To be fair, he is a hard guy to sneak up on..In fact, one of his oldest enemies turns up at Daredevil's law office, hands over his supersuit, basically says "I surrender, you win", and then retires.
I think there was an Elseworlds about that? But it was Batman and people weren't afraid they just felt sorry for him.
I would read this. Do you remember what it was called or who it was by?

Sittin here at work that looks pretty relaxing. I'm actually a bit jealous.
Needs a beer
Just chillin
I don't know why, but he looks like a 'Murray' to me.
No one will every believe you.
Looks like he's watches OP hump the slit in the couch cushions too much
If he moved a little over to the left it won't be relaxing

You mean i'm not the only one?
Sorry OP but ur friend is a bad owner of murray. he shudnt let him on the couch, he shudnt let him on  the glass, he is putting the dog in dnager and obviousy not feeding it, OP report him pls, as a mother, i dont think i wuld let someone who let their dog risk its life talk to my children.RD:LT OP's friend is never gonna get laid but read it anyways its a good post!!!!!!! and give me upvotes.
This is a novelty account that Reddit did not need.
Looks like he had a ruff day
I believe he is trying to bring planking back
And I forgot to wipe !
Most comfortable seat in the house... 
Is this from Elling?
Plus the amount of time it took to make this meme ...
My legs are numb
IT'S 
It's ropey. 
More like five hours. You know it's bad when you flush and don't get up.
If you wait long enough people might just think that they missed you coming out earlier and had just gone back in
And I can't feel my legs!
Never have I taken a shit that long... Or found enough interesting posts to keep me there. Takes a special kind of person I suppose
PENS AND NEEDLES!!!
Pins and needles maybe?
I bet MisterPotamus is southern. The words pin and pen are indistinguishable in the southern dialect. Most likely because they don't know what a pen is.
They told me it was great. Then I actually tried it. I took my phone and headphones to go take a poo while listening to music and on reddit. It was the most enjoyable poo ive ever taken.
I stay till the poo dries.
Only an hour? Amateur. 
Hahaha, if only that were true in real life!
"Bake 'em away, Toys" is my favorite. 
My alcoholic grandfather gave my brother a can of beer when he was two years old. Needless to say my mother was not happy, and did not allow him anywhere near my brother for a few years. 
This makes me sad that my niece doesn't live closer to me. She's almost 12. About the right age to introduce her to cosmos and vandalizing Cosmo..I already taught her how to play Texas Hold 'Em and Blackjack.
I remember those cans...
So. How's being a basement movies star? :p
That issue has Jaime pressley in it right?
so thats all it takes to get outta having to babysit your siblings kids??? done!!!
I had an Uncle that only ever babysat me once.. . . completely different end to that story though.
Number of karma on post was 669....Giving an upvote has never been that hard.
I remember one time my uncle watched me. I was 5..I got to shoot a .38 special, he and a couple buddies had my hold the beer on the way back from the drive-up liquor store and we watched a Night to Remember (1st big movie about the Titanic)
Aww, but that's what uncles are supposed to do!
I may be giving away my age here but that cover is Marliece Andrada and that was March 1998.  I still remember that one well. 
Jesus juice and porn? Michael Jackson's nephew?
Redneck from Alabama's nephew actually
Babysitting no, man training yes
Ah yes, my dad does the same thing.  When there's a discussion about a chore that he might have to do repeatedly in the future and he really doesn't want to do it:.That way, no one will ever ask you to do it again.
And now you're on reddit. Your parents have automatically lost that argument.
Future how to catch a predator guest star. 

My dad used to have poker games at the house, he used to let me sip  beer every now and then.  Oh, I was 8 at the time.
No visit to their house was complete with out a round of Hold'em and beer pong. .My Dad drank for me though. 
When I was about 7-8 I used to pour my mum and dad whiskey and beer and stuff. Used to claim I was their barmaid lol. There's plenty of baby pics of me too sipping and waving beer cans around, such a little alcoholic.
I was relieved of my uncle duties for saying she's 2 months old instead of 9 weeks.
You just keep them there memories repressed, son.
jusdoc, this is spartacus.What does he say to you?
hes telling me there is a reason i cant remember ever visiting my uncle's house till i was 6. .3 years after this event occurred.
That would be your best bud, Bud Lite talking.
Was this part of your preparation for your role in Problem Child? - .(Seriously, check out the picture of Junior!)

I think every kid should have that one relative that's a bit shifty. It teaches them so much. 
Define "a bit" 
Willing to pose you in a picture with bear and a playboy.
touche.edit: Beer?
Maybe or maybe I wasn't talking about a bear mixed with a deer.
I see no bear sir
Really? It's in the upper left corner.
I'll b honest, you got me to double check my own pic... 
This made me laugh so much. Up vote for you.
March, 1998 issue..Beer and girls sounds good.  But let's just confirm, no gladiator movies, no Penn State Football games (it was March, so off season, but still), no llamas, and no one looking for a lost puppy?
WOW thanks for looking up the actual edition lol. that means i was at least  3 when this was shot..and no, if you knew my uncle, you wouldn't even suggest that. he probably had me sit down and watch American Pie or something.
yep. year i graduated high school. i knew i knew that issue
It takes a village!  He sounds like the uncle that no mom wants, but that every young man needs!  .Beer and girls.  Are you in college?  Did you go to college?  Hello!
about to go to college yes..and his 2 sons want to take me there a month early and show me around the bars and night clubs..you know what they say about apples and trees...
uhh..uhh...that apples grow on apple trees ... ?
I aspire to be that uncle some day
good issue
I don't know if he did this to be hilarious, or if he did this because he knew that if he did, and your mom found out, he'd never be forced to look after you when they went on vacation.
Sounds like a little of both..Genius.
Yea I think this was his reason lol
Looks like you handled that beer like a champ. I remember hating my first beer.
I hated mine too, but my little brother loved it. Now he prefers a dark liquor and I treat beer like the nectar of god grown hops. 
I liked my first beer but I cannot stand dark liquor.

you ruined the excellence of the picture with your foul, idiot, slobbering mouth. you don't have any honor.
the caption doesn't fit the picture because the cat is smiling.  Maybe take off the "motherfucker"

NEDM
I've been drinking cats this whole time?
You thought that cat was water?  .  .  .  Acting. 
Fuck the people bitching about it being a repost. About 99% of the shit posted on reddit is a repost from somewhere on the internet. Shut the fuck up. 
I bet you thought I was a bottle of water, eh?.Acting!

"I was in the turkey all along!" was all I could think of. 
When I read the title for some reason I heard Aziz Ansari's voice
This has been my skype pic for 6 months now. 
I laughed waaaay too hard at this. At work. In my cubicle. Now I'm just saying "Surprise Motherfucker!" a lot. :)
Acting.
first post in months that made me laugh out loud.
I got a genuine chuckle from this post

IT WAS ME AUSTIN, IT WAS ME ALL ALONG!
Surprise motherfucker! I was repost the whole time!
Did somebody say "Wonder"?
IT'S ME AUSTIN!
The only thing I thought of when I saw that: IT'S ME I WAS THE TURKEY ALL ALONG!
I WAS THE TURKEY ALL ALONG!!
Perfect headline-photo combination.

10/10 would be surprised again. 
Is it me or is that a really shitty photoshop
Happy Cat says NEDM.
That is the face of a kitten that will open the gates of hell and destroy the human race.
You thought I was water.... acting.
Cat- "DOES THIS LOOK LIKE THE FACE OF MERCY TO YOU?"
Who the fuck buys dasani?."You know who has really good tap water? Coca cola"
ugliest "water" ever.....how can anyone drink this piss
"You thought i was a bottle of water... ACTING!"
Samuel L Jackson in Unbreakable 2
FYI: that brand of water was recalled by coca cola in 2004 for having after levels of bromate were found to exceed legal levels.
word for word repost... congrats
hella funny but definetly ps
this tickles me so much that I don't even care that it's a blatant repost 
They said I could be anything........
Cats are liquid. 
Myth confirmed.
False..Liquid is cats..LIQUID IS LIQUID MYTH BUSTED!
Then who was phone?
Is the feline named Doakes? 
IT WAS ME! I WAS THE WATER ALL ALONG!
Sergeant Doakes I presume?
Looks like I found where my cat ran off to.
But was it dead water or live water ? Schrdinger is asking..
Prop Hunt - RL
I read that in the voice of Chow
This is strait out of prop hunt from garry's mod. look it up
THEN WHO WAS PHONE?
You trapped your cat (Or else someone did before reposted this) and want stupid internet points? Fk you, have them all! Upvote upvote upvote...
Dont you hate it when you buy water and get a crazy cat?
I HATE YOU. KARMA THEIF! 
This is probably my biggest nightmare. 
What I look like when asked to smile for the camera.
I just spit my coffee out, thanks!
The cat even looks like Dokes.
This woke me up....scary
SUNRISE MOTHERFUCKER!
"Be water, my friend".
Kanis dos tito!
is that icis?
Dumb
then who was phone?
This thread...is possibly...the biggest...circle jerk of all time. If you follow all the leads, everything comes back here again.
My cat doesn't swear...
meowtherfucker
I spit my cheese its out
Can't stop laughing hahaha
HAHAHAHAH FUCK THAT SCARED ME

I don't normally care when i see reposts but when they have the exact title and everything COME ON!
Did anyone else read the title in Bruce Lee's voice?
 - This is a repost!
Wouldn't it be "I was a cat the whole time" 
That's what it wants you to think.

The cat made a lol
Fuck you kitty yo gunna spend the night, Fuck you kitty yo gunna spend the night, Fuck you kitty yo gunna spend the night, OUTSIDE!
for those of you downvoting this comment
I'm laughing too hard at the tag line

Cats are ugly. 
But who was phone?
You son of a bitch! I was so close!

if he was water, then who was Phone?
Jesus is at it again turning water into cats... Tisk tisk tisk Jesus.

This is not only a repost, but it's photoshopped.
WATER YOU TALKIN BOUT
SURPRISE, COCKFAG!!
HERE'S JOHNNY!!!!
Why'd you put the cat in the water?
Don't waste time on this troll, or on his other accounts:
.
.
.
.He's ex-military with a white trash background. Fancied himself the smartest boy in his trailer park before he was forced by his inbred family's economic circumstances into military service.  There he failed miserably, while talented men, some of them non-white, advanced beyond him. Now he's just another big-mouthed bigot with a dishonorable discharge and a bunch of alt accounts. 

YAY REPOST :D
That cat looks like it's tripping.
Doakes kitty.
Aw. He looks like my cat on crack! In a good way.
Kinda looks like NEDM Cat.
Please tell me someone else thought of Bruce Lee...
I did! ctrl+f, motherfucka!

SURPRISE MOTHERFUCKER, REPOST FROM A FEW WEEKS AGO.OP IS A BUNDLE OF STICKS
Apparently from a year ago. 
Hahahaa.. I read that in Dave Chappelle's voice...
Fuck a catfish 
"Woah, this water tastes like Chinese food." 
Ha, you're funny..........................
REPOST MOTHERFUCKER! 
Guys hold on here a second, I have this crazy idea.  WHAT IF, what if OP actually didn't see it before.  Stay with me now, I know I probably sound crazy.  Like who doesn't read every single reddit post in existence, right?  Anyways, what if he never saw it before and wanted to post it on reddit to share?  And hell I might as well say maybe all those upvotes he's gotten are from people who haven't seen it either, and in fact liked it enough to vote it.  Naah I'm crazy right guys? 
SHUT UP! IT'S A REPOST! IT'S NOT ALLOWED TO EVERYTHING BE SHOWN ON THE INTERNET AGAIN! 


starring Ed Fails
Yah tlyour crazy
No one cares.
Please stop reposting this every week.
This is my cousins cat, which I posted almost a year ago. .STOLEN KARMA
You keep repeating that. You're going to get down voted to hell if you keep saying it. .Instead provide some fucking context about why the fucking is fucking water? .WHAT IS THE CAT DOING? WHY? WHAT IS THE STORY? TELL ME? .Else I'll repost the picture next week and every following week. 
so you keep saying.
Pretty sure you'd be pissed if someone reposted original content of your own....
... That's kinda what Reddit is all about. Particularly this subreddit. At least OP didn't claim it was his cat, his photo. The title did it for me more than anything anyway. EDIT: nvm, it seems the title was ripped off also. Resume. 
[deleted]
Christ you guys are retarded, crying over pictures being posted on the internet more than once
He is just pissed he didn't get more karma than OP. 

"It was me, all along Austin!"

I'm a fag.
EVEN MY FAMILY BOUGHT IT
I...don't know what to do in this situation. I don't want to give you the satisfaction of a downvote, but, I don't want to upvote. WHAT DO I DO?
be a man.
Cats are liquid aren't they?
Yes, yes they are.
Puss Lee
Gene Parmesan!
AAAAHHHH!! HE GOT ME AGAIN!!
That's a bold marketing strategy from Dasani. Let's see how it plays out. 
"We replaced her water with an over excited cat. Let's see if she notices..."
Isn't Dasani just glorified cat water anyway
I think Ozarka water is. Ozarka tastes like dildos.
That's being incredibly unfair to the dildos :(
This conversation is dildos. 
Every case comes with a laser pointer
And a camera 
[deleted]
 but what good is karma anyway?
[deleted]
To play devil's advocate, I don't see where OP made that claim?
OP never said it was their cat, stop bullshitting
OOP (originally original poster) is mad bro. And: 
Jesus Christ you guys need to get out more, oh wow big deal, OP posted a picture on the internet that's been posted before, what a crime
over 44k comment karma in less than a year? I beg to differ on who needs to get out more. 
That's really not a lot considering several of my comments have gained at least 2K+ karma each, at least I'm not getting upset of pictures getting posted more than once
"Acting!"
joy.

lol wus any1 els disapointed that this wusnt a link to boobies lmfao OP must be a gay fag xD
Why is that link https?
Well, I know what I'm re-watching next...
Why not?  HTTPS Everywhere, for example, will make YouTube default to https.
I was thinking the same thing. :)
I'm a fag.
K. 
I hate that "Invader Zim" has become intractably associated with "random LOL sp0rk" teenagers. It is so god damn funny and I feel like people are put off by the stigma.
You can say the same thing about anime. 
I hate that too. All the scene and punk kids watched Invader Zim and thought they were cool because they watched Invader Zim.
Even though everybody watched Invader Zim. I hate that too. People think they're special, just because other people don't talk about the things that everyone has seen. 
I never even told anyone I watched the show because of those people. And I really liked that show.
I just watch it and don't tell people. :p
Hot Topic and Spencers suburban middle school kids all day.
God damn I miss this show
I wish I could think of Invader Zim without immediately remembering the Katy copypasta...
This is why 4chan hates reddit. 
And this is why the internet as a whole hates newfags like yourself. Failing to contribute anything worthy yourself, you instead are are eager to latch on to your "site of choice" and lambaste others, despite the vast amount of overlap between userbases and user experiences.
Is this even real?

I was totally not that guy..Nope.
I could never get into it. It felt weird to watch. Like when you walk into a hotel room an you . there are ticks in the mattress.
That's actually a really good way of describing it...
Yo Just A Heads Up I Browse Redit With My Daughter, Could You Grow The Heck Up And Quit Cussing On The Intranet, It Really Doesnt Make You Cool. Im Sure Your Internet Buddies Wont Mind.
I'm sorry I thought this was MERICA! 
Have an upvote #fabturd.
Vulgarisms in title. Downvote and move one. 
Haha I love you man. 
As a favor to me, tell your daughter not to grow up capitalizing the first letter of every word in a sentence.
FUCKSHITCUNT
SO FABULOUS
Nice downvotes you have been collecting. Would be a shame if something happened to them.
I'm confused... Are you retarded or trolling?
lol bro calm down it just a websit you know you should just cool your chill and relax it don't even make aens.Edit: lol up boats?
Trolling, obviously. This was in his comment history:.Also, his karma.
Didn't bother to look. .Who . to be disagreed with that badly?
He has a subreddit of devoteeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees.
he does. He thinks that downvotes are a good thing. Everyone upvote him.
whoosh
You've never been to his subreddit have you? WOOSH to YOU!
Still whoosh.

I don't understand anything that is going on in that sub. Maybe I just don't have the right mindset... I don't care enough to find that mindset though. So I'll continue on my way.
Who the fuck gave him gold?.Shit imagine if every time he got gold he wouldn't post for a month.
How did you ever think of that title?:
Fuck off no one fucking cares.
[deleted]
Your poor thing, you should go lie down
Nobody is on the internet 24/7, we can't all see everything.
I dunno. I've seen this picture at least 5 times already, and quite honestly, I never found it very funny..This is currently on the front page, and it's... Shameful. . often has legitimately funny stuff on it, but it's stuff like this that makes me want to unsubscribe..Is there a better version of . anywhere?
I just don't like people yelling repost at everything because they've seen it once already, I know that's annoying, but they should just downvote and move on. Everybody has seen something they didn't know was a repost before, and they probably don't know it..And if there was a better ., I'd be there already.
Yeah, I know what you mean. I've seen a lot of things here that others scream 'REPOST!' but I hadn't seen it before..It's just... A bit strange to see THIS get top paged, even if it were original content. The cat's expression doesn't even look like the title's supposed quote; to me, it looks more like a, "HEHEHEHEHE!!! That was AWESOME!" or, "WOah, I'm TRIPP'N OUT!" face. As a result, I never found it very funny to begin with.
Karma decay only listed this image 5 times, only one of which was more recent than the creation of your account. The other four were older than your reddit account..I'm sorry this image gets posted every other day and bombards your special, repost-allergic eyes.
The first time i saw this 8 months ago i laughed until i cried, this time i didn't even bat an eye because it's a shame seeing such a good post reposted :\.In conclusion, OP is a faggot..*edited
Not sure if trolling or not, but will respond appropriately just in case you are not....This website literally exists to post content from other parts of the internet. So complaining about a repose when it has not been posted in 6 months is silly. A post getting 64 upvotes really isn't even worth counting since hardly anyone saw it. Hell the post that was the most successful was 8 months ago. What I am getting at is there is nothing wrong with reposting content after it has been gone for months. If Reddit was literally nothing but Original content you would either need a lot of shitty new content or you would simply run out of new posts to look at.
I wasn't exactly thinking when i wrote that comment, what i meant was it was my favourite post and the fact that i saw it again with the same title made me disappointed, i mean, is that what Reddit will come to? No new content just reposting old shit with the same title? 
It had not been posted for months now. Is this what Reddit has to be? Something gets posted one fucking time and never sees the light of day again? This website isn't just for the old veterans, this is a place for the new people as well. I have over a year on this website and I never saw it. This was one of the only fucking things I saw today that made me laugh out loud and you complain because it was moderately successful half a year ago? ..There is still plenty of new content being made, so please don't be dramatic and silly. You know, more so than you already have been...
So you're condoning posting the same picture with the same title for the sole purpose of the OP to gain karma? There are only a small few of us who are new, soon we learn the ropes and start to see the same images again and again... Sure it's good for the new players who haven't seen it before, but for the majority of us, it's really not that funny seeing the same post you saw yesterday. Of course that doesn't apply to this one since it was last popular so long ago, but for the most part i think it applies.
I am condoning it being posted because many other people would love to see it. The reason it got upvoted? Because people had not seen it or were not tired of it. That means it is great content. It has also been half a year since it was last posted. ..Only a fraction of the people who saw this post today had seen it before. That is where your argument falls flat. If the majority had actually seen it, it would have been downvoted by salty bitches like yourself. No offense. ..Moderately successful 6 months ago = YESTERDAY? Why even use this as an argument? No one is advocating for reposting the day fucking afterwards are they? NOPE. Stop being ridiculous please, this was great content most people found funny and that is why it got upvoted. 
Hey man, i think you have misread the final part to my previous comment, where i said.you quoted that and took it out of context, after it i said .So in that regard, im not being ridiculous, you simply misread. Regardless it seems we have varying opinions and are not going anywhere with this, based on the upvote/downvote ratio, yours definitely seems to be favoured more. Hopefully we can agree to disagree?
Now kiss. 
But i don't wanna :(

No, you are still being ridiculous and I saw the part where you clarified. The ridiculous comment is about how things cannot be reposted at all even months after they have been posted. It is silly, and the majority of Redditors had not seen this post. So there was nothing wrong with posting it again. 
Oh my god dude just stop crying about pictures on the internet
You should write an essay about it. 
I disagree. I've never seen it, and I find it funny. And if I see it reposted in a while, I would still find it amusing.
Eh, as soon as i saw it i felt immediately disappointed that someone would repost my favourite post of all time, although it turns out it's been reposted before. But yeah, i guess that's what took the humour away for me
Why should the fact that it's reposted ruin it? It allows newer people to see it, and if you don't like it it's very easy to ignore.
It shouldn't ruin it for everyone, but this particular one is ruined for me. Also if all people post is old content with the same title the site will quickly become boring and repetitive. 
The fact that the first time you saw it was a repost (and you laughed until you cried) shows that even if you personally have seen it before, new people won't have seen it yet and they'll find it just as funny as you did the first time..If it hadn't been for the fact that this was reposted, you would never have even seen it to begin with. This site isn't meant to directly cater to your needs, it's meant to share content that anyone can enjoy. And that means allowing new members to easily see older content. I don't see how you can say a repost ruined it when a repost introduced you to it in the first place..Also, when I see something funny I have seen before I don't necessarily find it as funny as the first time, but seeing it again would certainly never "ruin" the humour I originally derived from it.
I'd prefer boring over listening to you morons continuously bitch about pictures on the internet.
Oh sweet baby jesus who cares.
I don't even care about reposts anymore. Obviously if it gets this many upvotes and makes it to the front page a lot of people have never seen it or still enjoy it. Not everyone is on Reddit every hour of every day. Not to mention it was posted in multiple subreddits, reaching more people who might not look at or be subscribed to r/funny for some reason. If you feel this strongly, just downvote it and go away. Or don't downvote it at all.
It's the principle of the thing..OP is stealing OOP's karma. If you find out something is a repost, you ought to downvote the repost, and up vote the original..You'll be singing a different tune when somebody steals your post and reaps triple the karma for it.
No, I am here to see and enjoy all of the interesting photos, stories, jokes and whatnot that people all across the world want to share. I don't give a shit about internet points, I just want to laugh or relate or whatever it may be. If I have something that I think people may be interested in, I will post it, but I can tell you I don't care how many upvotes it gets as long as at least one person enjoyed it. Life is not about making the front page of Reddit.
I agree. Life is not about making front page material..However, this is Reddit, which is not the equivalent of life. It is a public forum, and there are rules and guidelines, as well as Admins appointed to enforce and maintain those rules and guidelines. When you joined this site you agreed to abide by something called reddiquette, which maintains a huge focus on giving credit where credit is due, and not stealing content in general..This site is aimed at being a positive community where people share things for entertainment, and doing your part in keeping that community alive and functioning is by practicing good reddiquette..Reddit is here to provide the active internet community with entertainment, venues for expression, and dialogue..While on one hand you argue that life shouldn't be about getting fake internet points, on the other hand you're up voting something that someone stole from someone else for the sole sake of those internet points..You're contradicting your own mantra.
Quite frankly, I don't upvote or downvote anything. .edit: I lied, I upvote and downvote comments, but not posts. 
I never usually care about reposts... but this was original content of my own and I'm glad that it has been recognized as a repost. 
Sure, but the lack of originality in the title is what distinguishes, to me, the difference between copying something and sharing something. 
The title makes this.
That's exactly what i'm trying to explain down below, but im getting destroyed for it haha.
Probably cus you're being a bit of a dickhead in your other comment, you're saying shit like "OP is a faggot", grow up
"OP is a faggot" is a popular phrase used on the internet to demean the original poster for poor form. In this case it was stealing someones post for karma..But i shouldn't be too harsh on you, you're trying to bully everyone in this thread, anyway..Basically you're jumping on board the bandwagon without even thinking. Everyone knows that reposts ruin this site, but since i was in negative territory early on, nobody jumped on my side.. No one is, it's all our own opinions, but things would have been different if there were no upvote/downvote system, but that's reddit huh.
Firstly, I'm not bullying anyone, I've only been calling out people who are insulting OP, second, you have no idea what stealing is, stealing is when you take something and the original owner loses it forever, and third, reposts really don't ruin the site, that's just your silly "opinion"
If there was no upvote/downvote system, please do explain how the plethora of content throughout all of the subreddits would be sorted. If you've ever browsed the new section, you will notice there are a few new posts every couple of seconds and 99 percent of them are shit. Reddit would be shit if we didn't have guys sitting on new upvoting the quality content for us lazy motherfuckers to see. So yes, Reddit would be different, in the worst way possible
I'm sorry if im coming off as a giant dick, i don't really mean "Steal" nor do i mean you're really bullying, last few days i've just been saying the first thing that comes to mind and it's really been bugging me..I do respect your opinion but it's disrespectful to call mine "silly" because you don't agree with it. If you see my comment history you'll know that i've been arguing for hours with people to no end. Why can't people just accept that opinions are different and let it be.
Notice the other attempts to change the title? Didn't work out so well. This really is a perfect title for the picture in question and it has been a long time since it was last seen. 
I suppose you have a point. I never considered the fact that the title of a post can increase enjoyment of the content. It's true, "SURPRISE MOTHERFUCKER" is much funnier than "Who needs water?" In fact, if I saw this picture under any other context I might not even find it amusing at all..Thank you for showing me the way toThe9thPower. :)
As someone who's never seen the picture, the title really helped sell the scene to me, and made it more funny to me.  If the title had said "Look at my cat, he's stupid, look at my stupid boring title", then it wouldn't have been half as funny for me.  ThroatySteak's point still stands.
Honestly, if that were the title, I would have enjoyed it much more.


As do I El Macho, as do I.
I always hear it in Bashur's voice. (Youtuber that sounds like a cartoon character; infamous apparently)
I'm a fag.
You should get a new hobby, fag.
all I want is a big dicked hubby
I'm pretty sure they had him say that in season whatever the last season was just because it was so popular. 

It's my text ringtone. It's worth it when it goes off in the middle of class. 
But in this case, Aziz Ansari.

Relevant. 
That is my alert on my tablet and it always tends to go off loudly from the other room when I'm trying to have serious conversations with someone..It is the best ever.
Awesome. I'm going to make that my girlfriend's ringtone. She's a reporter for our local newspaper and she'll love that at work. I'm just imagining how funny it would be if she's in a meeting or doing an interview and all of the sudden "SURPRISE MOTHERFUCKER".In related news, she might soon be seeking another job and I might soon be seeking another girlfriend.
Just gets awkwardly silent and everybody is looking around.
Some fries muthafucka
"Hey Doakes, look at the sun."."MY EYES, MOTHERFUCKA"
Wake up too early. .Sunrise, mothafucka!
You pop a balloon.You get a prize mothafucka
You pop a cap.Someone dies, mothafucka
What is all this Snowden stuff about?.SPIES MOTHAFUCKA!
Supplies, mothafucka!
Read this in Kim Jong Il's voice.
Replies, mothafucka!
Court is now in session.."ALL RISE MOTHAFUCKA!"
Apple pies muthafucka
Look into my eyes, look into my eyes... .HYPNOTISED, MOTHERFUCKA! 
Potato
I just realized when I looked into your eyes that I was hypnotized MOTHERFUCKA!
Who the fuck is Doakes?
Hey Doakes, have you ever read Lord of the-.FLIES, MOTHERFUCKER?.No. Rings....jeez.
Hah! Classic Doakes!
This is my cousins cat, which I posted about a year ago. 
.
I FEEL ROBBED!!!!!.Edit: FUCK THIS GUYS KARMA
To be fair, the caption you submitted this picture with originally was pretty terrible...
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
I denounce my upvote to OP and I bequeath it to you! 
I also saved this post of your cousins cat, WITH THE EXACT SAME FUCKING TITLE.
TAKE HIM TO /R/KARMACOURT
------------E
Deepest parts of hell is reserved for reposters and karma whores .. Fuck you OP! .Anyway have some karma here OOP!! 
This has been in sooooo many places other than this post
She sent this to me herself... The cats name is Eden. I would show proof if she didn't live 2 hours away.
She can just send you another picture though, right?
Yeah, dumb reposters....Anyway, cat Kind of reminds me of the Pokemon Haunter.
their caption is way better though soz
But your title sucked a bag of dicks... It has also been a year
I've seen this posted before with the exact same title.
OP's a fucking re-poster! Grab the broomsticks!!

FEED HIM TO THE KRAKEN!!
FEED HIM THE KRAKEN! 
THEN ONCE HE'S DRUNK FEED HIM TO THE KRAKEN!
THEN LET US EAT THE DRUNKEN KRAKEN!
There is nothing wrong with reposting.
Its one thing to repost public content, but its another thing altogether to blatantly steal someone's personal original content.
How do you define 'public content'? All content is made by someone at some point, the only difference in this case is that you happen to have met the author. Besides, if there there really were such a thing as public content, a generic picture of someone's cat would surely have to fit that bill quite well.
OP is a faggot. What the fuck else is new??????
SUGAR, SPICE... AND EVERYTHING NICE
...When the Professer accidently added an extra ingredient to the concoction...Chemical X. Thus the Powerpuff Girls were born. Using their ultra super powers Blossom, Bubbles, and Buttercup have dedicated their lives to fighting crime and the forces of evil...(cue awsome theme music)...
Repostin' an image for karma? .. 
Paddlin the school canoe? Oh, you better believe thats a paddlin.
Dude honestly, i upvoted the caption more than anything.
And I haven't seen this before. That's a plus one in my book.

Even if it's a repost, the title is funny as hell. 
basically the caps really set the tone for the post. 
Fuck ticketmaster. Scalpers.
Come on man that obviously spells Orange.
Man, I miss battlebots!
All I got from this post.
I guess we're bots
Are those the logos for the metal bands you were wanting to see?
asfldja;icna
I would contact a Rep from Ticketmaster, if I were you.
Someone put these on a meme and see what Caption Bot comes up with
Before the last one is SWOWDEYKRAU
I had the same problem! I had to do like 10 tries
I don't see the problem, just put in the word already...
I listen to grindcore, this shit was easy.
As a metal fan, this was easy.
Maybe try upping your video resolution above 16 colors?
liemZaArZiuv.DlootAWiCizu.tBZaUDlTrE.caJCAFVrJft.BYWWnuvZe.swovvDeylvAu.tatVsVVeuTTlz
Cocaine is a hell of a drug
Wut.
"I've been ready to go for HOURS! How long does it take you to do your hair?"
I think its about a late period
Honestly there are plenty of times when I'm ready to go earlier than my boyfriend. Also plenty of times he is ready before me.
Guess she runs on cpt...

Don't have unprotected sex when you don't want a kid.
It just looks like she's farting to me.
A farting potato??
Mr Men breathes a sigh of relief after a visit from Mr Miscarriage.
Is it supposed to be about periods? Because I know some couples who have been trying and the Mr Man would LOVE for that to happen...
Why isn't it the Little Miss's nightmare, too?
That's why I only do potato-shaped women in the butt.
There is knowledge in this statement.
Dude, I used to have a bunch of these books when I was little.
Note sure if period reference or getting ready to go out reference...
Whichever one you get first will be a reliable indicator of your age.
I thought she was dead.
Yes.

Honestly I think this one of the better Popsicle stick jokes. Actually made me chuckle 
Gettin real tired of your dumbass titles to your dumbass posts lately
The tongue really makes the photo.
That bunny looks like my old bunny Deb! He was such a great bunny. You know, when he wasn't dropping pellets on my bed. .RIP Deb.
Spoiler alert: It's rigged.
This metaphor has always bothered me. So the turtle stays steady and funds his 401k, marries once and makes it to retirement, but for what? Meanwhile, the Rabbit places risky bets on foreign commodities, does a bunch of blow, buys a Bently, fucks TONS of bitches, loses it all, and pretty much follows this cycle over and over until early death. 
The names bunny. From a little cage called none ya got damn business. 
"I work in the 90's".FTFY
Your picture should go next to "Pet store guy" in the dictionary.
Can someone photoshop this guy licking various things?
I wish I had more upvotes for this!!
Don't attempt a Parakeet vs Slider:.My pet slider ate my wife's pet parakeet.
Is that a Mini Lop Rabbit? I have one of those.
I have 5, let me get on a piece of this.
$9? Man that's super serious... 
They'll just throw money at any pussy that walks in
Oh my gawd that raddit cute
He looks like he'd work in a petstore.. That greasy guy.
Pokemon but with animals instead!  
Ah, my favorite of Aesop's fables: The rabbit and the turtle. 
Man, I know that place, thats in my town right off of... Ohh, why do all pet shops look exactly the same?
GODDAMN IT RABBIT! GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER!
Awwwww I have a red eared slider 
I worked in a pet store one summer during high school. I was always on the morning shift. When I would get to the store and start feeding the animals, I'd sometimes notice feathers from parakeets in random places. One day I was covering for someone on the nightshift. As it turns out, one of the managers and a few employees would release two parakeets and two dogs in the store and take bets on which one could kill and eat the bird the fastest. I told them how fucked up they were and I quit right then. The next day, the owner called me and offered $200 cash and a $1 an hour raise to keep my mouth shut. This pissed me off so badly because I thought (until this point) that he was a cool guy. The next day I went to the store and accepted the money. After my shift, I called my aunt who works for a vet and informed her of what was going on so that she could report it to the proper authorities. I would have but wasn't sure who to notify. I then called the owner and told him that I reported him. Naturally he got mad an said he wanted the money back. I told him to consider it "asshole tax." I'm not exactly sure what charges, if any, we're brought against him but less than two weeks after that day, the store was shut down. 
Red ear sliders are better in water
Aw, that bunny makes my heart melt..
Just like my beloved bunny with those floppy ears I had when I was a child. I'd love to pet him.
That bunny is fucking cute
I love people that love bunnies
Is this pet store perhaps located in Lawrence KS? 
Is that a red eared slider? I thought those were illegal to sell.
This one happens to be my co-workers pet.  In NJ we can't sell them at all.
Depends on the state, here in NY it is illegal to possess any reptile that is native/endemic to the state. 
We used to race the superworms against the mealworms. Those fuckers could move.
Who won?
Fuck bitches, get bunny.
You sir, have my dream job.
I wanna know who won. For science! OP better deliver.
Isn't that the kind of turtle that's more of a swimmer than a walker? .Unfair advantage for the bunny. 
What were the odds on the tortoise? 
Terrapin vs Rabbit?
are you Aesop ?
Some insider info, bet on the turtle but ask for odds. It's a sure thing. 
Awwww look at the little bun-bun!!!!!
Pet stores are cute but aren't there a lot of reasons why one should not purchase pets from there?
dogs and cats, yes, they come from puppy mills that shouldn't be supported, and some don't take care of their animals very well, which is a shame.
its the dude from .hang over 
rockin' dat farmer tan
Rabbit: "I don't even know what I'm doing here."
Turtle: "I do, bitch, hiyaa! ."
Better bet on turbo 
Burt Macklin?
If you mixed in some secret ooze, you would have Bebop and Rocksteady.  TMNT!
slow and steady wins the race
You have no idea how jealous I am of you. i don't have a pet store within an hour of me that it's PetCo. I want a small business kind of pet store I could work at.
bunny looks so worried!!
That is so fucking cute.
That bunny is identical to mine :') so cute! Tortoise and the hare!
Did you empty out your bank account for this picture?
Bandz a make 'em dance
Teskees??? 
... I like your beard
thanks, i like yours
That slider would smoke the rabbit in the water.
This race looks rigged. 
That bunny looks so damn confused.
This is amazing! who won? I bet it was the turtle. turtles are super speedy
I was expecting Gremlins
Judging from the markings on the cabinets in the background. Looks like you guys have had some flooding.
every.damn.week.
Slow and steady wins the race.
I saw the pic and wondered when my brother started working at a pet store.
I was surprised to see that this isn't in cringepics after I clicked on it.
yea
The story is the TORTOISE and the hare. That, sir, is a turtle.
Andy?? Is that you!?
blah blah blah animal abuse blah blah blah
For working in a pet store you figure you'd would of used a tortoise, not a turtle.
$20 on the hipster walrus!
Is this supposed to be funny in some fashion?
What no one is commenting on how whatever he's doing is actually terrible for the animals or that they have some kind of horrible animal illness?
They're running for a cure.

I cant decide which is more adorable
He's cheating! That's a turtle, not a tortoise!!
Bunny!
This is butthurt but its a turtle and a rabbit not a tortoise and hare
IF you'll notice, i never claimed them to be either
Who won?  OP YOU BETTER DELIVER! 
May I please have your beard? I can give you a zillion Internet moneys
Nine dollars serious. 
Chris Pratt? Is that you?
Thug Lyfe.
Is that your hourly wage on the floor?
Me too! I"ll put money on the red eared slider. Those fuckers are pretty quick!
faster than a tortoise for sure, but that rabbit will win if he just gets some motivation.
damn, THAT is pretty serious
My God... You, sir, are quite attractive. And hilarious! 
things get serious. seriously FLUFFY
this is a picture i can smell. oh pet shops.
I'm surprised I'm the first to mention Space Moose here.
It has to be, how many awesome pet stores with tie-dye shirts are there?
Take a shower. 
Hahaha that's my dude
I hope your boss doesn't see this and fire you. 
na man 
So who won?
That's a turtle, not a tortoise, and that's a rabbit, not a Hare.
Brilliant, but you need to remake the picture with a giant crowd of people all gangster style (like dice in an alley).  It would be a masterpiece, then.
Is that Charles?
stupid pompous hare
I believe their shell has to be 4-5 inches in length before they are legal to sell. I found this out after i bought one in china town the size of a quarter...
Cool. Thanks for the replies everyone.
You are right they have to be a certain size before they can be sold. I work at a petstore and we sell red eared sliders all the time but they have to be a certain size/age the exact number escpaes me at the moment though.
must depend on where you are. I recall seeing them here in canada at a reputable store, but I could be mistaken.
Nothing I love more than adorable animals and gambling. To see the two combined is beautiful..If I could I'd up vote you twice..Why isn't there a karma gambling system.?

I agree - everything about this picture is brilliant. Why hasn't a single person commented about him poking his tongue out?
I got 5 on the turtle.  That bunny looks confused.
Nah, 10 on the rabbit. History will not repeat, the rabbit learned the lesson
Please don't treat your poor rabbits this way :(
Tortoise is a shell-in. .(also, adorably brilliant post op)
Here's one thing I've always wanted know about pet stores. What happens to the animals that aren't sold after a while? Are they returned to breeders/ puppy mills or are they sent to the humane society? Also I understand you can't get attached to the animals but it's rather sad seeing how broken down puppies look after a while. Like they've given up on people giving them attention.
I would assume that they would send them back to the breeder who then probably puts them down or forces them to breed countless litters if they're unfixed.
Most (read: pretty much all) "send them back to the breeder" which basically means they're killed..This is why you should avoid supporting big chain pet stores at all costs.
I work at a large chain pet store and have for a while now. If an animal stays in the store for longer than 6 months, we usually discount them 40%. The cats that we have in store usually get rotated with other cats at the rescue every two weeks. We never send back animals to the breeder regardless of circumstances.
What? No...they normally just discount them. 
Last week's expired pets: half off!
We have a giant blender in the back room and... no , just kidding, we don't sell cats or dogs for that reason, puppy mills are fucked up, in terms of the other animals, we actually take really good care of them, give them names, and become our pets until they find a home.
I thought posting links on reddit was already a gamble?
Can I be your new pet?
geez, betting your whole week salary.must be serious
TIL Chris Pratt works at an animal store.
Really? You . learned that?? Wow...

Oh.. How cuute.. You take them out to dinner to make them feel special..Right? Riiight? 
They're in a better place.  Next to the salad. 
That's no tortoise and hare, that's a rabbit and a turtle! This guy's a big fat phony!
lop eared (?) bunny and a red eared slider. Had a pet store, didn't even try.
Holland lop
My money is on the slider, as long as you tap him on the back of the shell a few times. They hop forward surprisingly fast when motivated.
mine moves plenty fast underwater, but aside from climbing, I've not seen much in the way of out of water movement that could be described as rapid.
Try tapping him right above his tail on the shell with your fingernail. If nothing is in front of him, mine jumps forward about 6 inches at a time. Just like when he jumps off his rock into the water when startled.
I've never been in a pet store that had actual hares.
I admit, neither have I. I have been unnecessarily cruel in the pursuit of humour. Tortoises, yes.
it was a stretch, but god damn i gave it a shot
Cute
Look at the size of the teeth on that thing!
yeah but just think about the animals they have no idea wahts going on i think this is animal cruelty downvote and get it of redit plz
Are you high?
No, i think hes just guy trying to get as many downvotes as he can. He puts 1998 so that would suggest hes age and you think hes just some dumb kid and downvote instantly. I don't know why people do things like this but apperantly they do. Example A: .. Even has his own 
there is no way jjsodaman1998 is high because fucktarded has way better odds.
Seven Dollars!! I got Seven American Dollars on fucktarded
Yeah his history definitely leans more "fucktarded"...
that's what happens when you kill jesus. 
lol jesus killed himself when he did on cross. . dont u know nething? people on redit r getting so dumb these days just downvote the dumb and move one.edit: i try to help teach like jesus and wat do i get.. . come on people imjust trying to be helpful no need for down vote .
I think it's trying to communicate, what should we do?
Just let it be and watch. Take only pictures, leave only footprints.
Stay still. Their vision is based on movement. 

Well now i want a bunny.
I miss the crap out of my buns.  Cuddly, playful, and housebroken.  

Do you have a video of this show?  I really want to see this.
IIRC there's no actual scene of the rabbits fighting. If that's what you were hoping to see.
I feel lied to.  It hurts. 
Chinatown has something for everybody!!
Mastah Cylinder!!!
Oh, you like tea bag, Chinatown?
Ah so!
I kinda think he said... death rabbits?
WE CAN NEVER GO BACK TO ARIZONA!!!!
come to . to read about how to care for them and where to get rescue bunnies!
Wait... ok I think I'm a huge idiot, are bunnies the same thing as rabbits? I always thought they were similar species but not the same.
Bunny is just a cuter word for rabbit. Maybe you are confusing it with hare? Hares are a different but similar species. 
Bunnies is cuter.
They are also easier to throw which is why many leagues adopt overhand pitching methods with bunnies.
Give them grass/carrots to eat and give them room to hop around, how much more 'care' do you need?  It's not like taking care of a dog or child.
Actually, giving them a lot of carrots is pretty bad because they're high in sugar, things like carrots and apples should be more treats than anything else. Leafy veggies like kale and greens are much better!
Or natrual weeds you find in your garden/yard, I know the wild rabits eat the shit out of those things! Must be like bunny filet mingnot!
My bunny loooooooved dandelions! She was the best compost heap, too--strawberry and carrot tops and celery ends all went to her.
Rescue pets are the best pets!
I was hanging from a cliff and my rescue rabbit didn't do shit.
Oh shit! Nine Dollars? Getting real as fuck up in here
9 bucks hell get a needle and poke that turtle in the tail and he will smoke that hair.  
That's like an hours worth of work where I live. He's a mother fucking high roller. 
Oh look it's the guy who only goes to the high-stakes turtle v bunny tables. 
The odds are stacked heavily against turtle, but he's got an inside man that says rabbits got a bad leg.. Will pay off handsomley
Sweep the leg. 
Don't you mean "tortoise" and "hare"? ;)
The rabbit is prone to hubris and will never learn his lesson. 
In my life experience, cocky people tend to actually have something to be cocky about.  In this case, the rabbit is a rabbit.  So, my money still goes on the rabbit, hubris and all. 
He kinda looks like Andy from Parks and Recreation. He just has beard.
Best character EVER!!!!.It may be just me, but I happen to think that the actor deliberately channels a dogs personality, but in human form..If you have a dog, you might know what I mean: totally reckless abandon, loads of love and enthusiasm, faithful to a fault and loyal to the end.
or the Electrician from Orange is the New Black 
Fester the nephew from 3 ninjas.. So much. 
No it's Ch from The OC... kids these days
I think he looks like Luschek (.) from Orange is the New Black.
Damn, only 15 comments here so I thought just maybe I could come here and say "Andy Dwyer?" but no! Enjoy that upvote bastard.
Macklin, you son of a bitch!
not the first I've heard that, but thanks I'm a huge mouse rat fan.
I was thinking Karl from Workaholics.
Yea
So Andy from Zero Dark Thirty..(Totally couldn't take him seriously in that role)
Dude, this is obviously staged!l./end thread.
Couldn't shake . out of my mind. It was a weird experience, because I am extremely turned on by his goofy side on P&R and the faux manly soldier he portrayed in 0DT was also rather pleasing to my eye..EDIT: 
He's in Guardians of the Galaxy, that's going to interesting.
He's also in Moneyball.
I heard his next movie is a buddy cop flick. Something about the an FBI agent and some chick
Macklin, you son of a bitch.
I think it will interesting, too.
Stop circlejerking, you know it will never interesting.
You accidentally your sentence.
FUCKING IDIOT

The photoshop skills is what makes it even funnier. But lets not start an entire trend now. 
Shaved. No. Longer. Furry. Pelt.
someone on reddit, please add a giant clam in a 3rd panel saying something witty.  please?

Edit: Incorrect link
Or a taco
Clever.
post this on . and see who comes up with the best version. . .
Or an Arby's roast beef.
I think the terrible Photoshop skills actually add something to the picture.
A vagina is called a beaver because it eats wood, geddit?
Ah fuck it, at least you tried, more than I usually do. Have an arrow.
Stop apologizing for not being an expert at photoshop.
Stop telling people what to do.
You're not even my real dad.
Guys, leave him alone. He was angry the second he popped out of a beaver.
bornfrustrated is now RES tagged as "beaver shit"
 Son, is that you?
It's not about photoshop skills, it's about sending a message.
I see you too are wise in the ways of MS Paintoshop.
Maybe I've been sheltered all my life but I have never heard of anyone calling a vagina a beaver.
Fuck it, have an upvote.
This is what happens when you have several 24 hour news channels operating for profit
That's more descriptive of the american audience rather than the american media.
Did she actually die?
Did someone really overdose on ham?
Is the ham okay?
I wish this post wasn't true, but if it helps not all American are like this, I know I'm not.
ITT: People who have never visited the US and the only place they have read or learned about us is via mainstream media.
Still alive
It's not news if it happens every day.
Not everyone who dies in the military is a hero.  The Kid that rode file miles to rescue that kidnapped girl is a hero.   Joining the army and going to Iraq doesn't really make you a hero.  Iraq was never a threat to my freedom.
There sure has been a lot more American hate on reddit recently. 

Does anyone else think we should blame this more on the American people than the media. The Media only shows what is going to get the highest ratings based on what they think the people want to see. 
If only.
Steve Irwin was a saint!
isnt this more about how the American people gravitate towards less intelligent programming/subjects
honey booboo's mom died ?.also, she has a walk of fame star ?
Has she finally overdosed? Can I come out of hiding yet?
Who's the hero exactly?
Americans simply don't care about soldiers, beyond bumper stickers and liking cheesy quotes about them on facebook to pretend they're patriotic..The sad truth is these people knew the risks when they enlisted, and decided it was worth a paycheck to shoot and get shot at. Our country is trillions of dollars in debt, thanks in no small part to this fruitless war, with the everyday American footing the bill so we can continue to send soldiers over there, while pressuring our elected officials to bring them back. So when a soldier gets shot and dies, we aren't surprised. We've wanted to bring them home for a long time now. When an American in the spotlight dies, obviously it's going to get more attention. 
I know this is /funny but I just want to point out - there is sort-of a moratorium on showing flag-draped caskets on TV..We only show them when it's a political figure under there, we don't show the soldiers anymore.
Shouldn't the post read, "American population"?
omg you guys and soldiers deaths not being national news, we've been at WAR for ten years now soldiers dying is about as much news as McDonalds making hamburgers. Not saying i don't value soldiers lives but its not really a story when it's happening all the time.Now we are waaaay to obsessed with reality tv stars i'll give you that but God in one of those comparisons can we put something about science or politics or current affairs instead of being like "omg wow the nations not shocked ppl died in WARZONE they must all be unpatriotic douches"  
So you are saying that the media is bad for the audience not reacting the way you want them too? You aren't looking in the right places if you aren't seeing the conversation.
He knew what he was getting into
Idiocracy...
why is this a problem? the average person feels more of a connection to someone they know more about; e.g. a reality tv star over a soldier.
A fart (or, in this case, a fat) joke can be appreciated by everyone. A hero is someone who transcends the common man's experience. Who do you think they're going to relate to? How can they mourn someone who died living a life they never knew?.I'm not saying the state of media isn't pathetic, but ... what else do you expect?
As an American, this saddens me. News is no longer news, it's popular culture and fads
Why is a soldier a hero? Isn't a soldier just a drone that fires guns after diplomacy fails?
Isn't it that the anchorman of the live suicide and the GET OFF thing?
So did she.

Yep.
Fuck soldiers.
Sorry...I just...threw up in my mouth a little bit...
God I hope not....The walk of fame star that is.
OP is absolutely right. 
Yeah, because the rest of the world never obsesses over celebrities. Oh and Americans are fat. Quality post.
The best way for the population to cope with the meaningless deaths, and for the government to send even more soldiers into these wars is to canonize them.
Am I the only one who googled ham overdose after seeing this?
Did you find anything....juicy?
It was just a sHAM.
Just throw the story in the HAMper
Probably found rum ham. 
I came to the comments hoping this was true....Then I realized I am a horrible human being.  Also slightly disappointed.
so the fatty didnt eat herself to death? :/
No heroes I think if your shooting to try and kill somebody they can shoot back and kill you... Js 
Most go because the pay is pretty damn good and almost anyone is accepted... and you can wave it over people's heads all your life... and you get to go traveling..It's a pretty sweet gig
Yup I know my father was in the army..
So brave
Well let's take a look at facts instead of using blind ignorance.  The ROE are used everyday in our military because we aren't barbarians trying to raid and slaughter everyone in the country. These ROE prevent us from shooting at any unarmed person, and most of the time they state that we cannot fire unless fired upon.  The men and women that are fighting overseas are dying because of IEDs and ambushes.  Our troops are defending themselves and sacrificing themselves to save their brothers in arms, and to allow you to live a life where you can say things like that without being stoned to death.
I'm Canadian  so I'm looking at what you do I'm not in it? America has been in other people's business way to long
Heroes.. Troops that are the invading force, occupying a country results in that..Your enemy is the ones defending themselfs, is that really so hard to grasp?.The u.s is not the good guys in this, the u.s is the big country with nonexisting morals stealing and securing the oil it needs.
So before the American "occupation" of Afghanistan, were they defending themselves when they bombed the World Trade Center, TWICE.  Were they defending themselves when they attacked a US embassy.  No, we aren't the aggressors.
Really..? Afghanistan did not have anything to do with that....It was a group of really wealthy saudi terrorists that had a base in the mountains on the afgan/pakistani border, related to some close friends with the Bush family..I'll give you an upvote if you can name them..
Do you honestly think I'm that stupid?  Yes they were Saudis, but they were a part of a group who's leader was believed to be located in Afghanistan.  We aren't fighting a country, so it would make no sense to invade Saudi Arabia just because the terrorists were Saudis.  Our goal was to find the leader of the group and make them pay for what they did.  In fact, they could of been American and we still would of attacked the Al Qaeda in Afghanistan.  Your entire argument is pointless.
Yeah, Canadians are overseas as well, or at least were.  If 'Merica isn't there to stop countries that are building armies and weapon supplies to attack Europe and North America, Israel will, and I have a feeling you won't like how they handle it.
Your their to steel the oil reserves from a poor country. Or did you not know
Right, we're there to take oil from a country that has no oil whatsoever.
Is this happening within the borders of the United States of America? 
What?
Is the United States military fighting these "terrorists" in the United States?
It's impossible to fight them within the united states, they use guerrilla tactics, much like the colonials used during the American revolutionary war.  They're not stupid.  We'd much rather fight them where they refuse to go into hiding.
There is no Muslim nation on Earth that could launch a successful invasion of the United States. Christ, you can count the number of countries that could reasonably have a chance of possibly winning a war with America on one hand. A hostile occupation of countries that pose no military threat is not protecting the aggressor's freedoms. It's protecting their interests. .They're not the same thing. You are either being foolish or disingenuous to suggest they are. I personally have no particular issue with America occupying countries in the Middle East. I just wish people would stop pretending it was something noble. It's standard imperial practice. You subjugate nations for political and/or financial reasons, not moral ones.
Actually, it's very possible that the Taliban can invade the U.S.  Islam is the quickest growing religion, it is possible for many Muslims in the US to believe in the causes of the Taliban and essentially sabotage the government from the inside.  Now, while it is a very slim chance this were to happen, it is a definite possibility.  You don't need to have a traditional form of invasion to destroy a country.  It's also not the fear of one Muslim country, but a unified Middle East that makes it so terrifying.  Our goal in the middle east isn't for imperial purposes. It is to keep it separate so they do not realize the potential of unifying.
Actually... the US lost the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
A great unified nation (UNITED states) working absurdingly hard to make sure that no other nation can become united seems a little hypocritical.
Yep, because we're definitely bombing innocent civilians.  Our goal isn't to prevent other super powers from cropping up, our goal is to stop super powers with the goal of starting another world war from cropping up.
And Korea and Vietnam.
Canada has had troops in Afghanistan for awhile, buddy. They have been following the same RoE that the American armed forces have and everything that US soldiers have done, Canada has as well..Get off your high horse and stop bashing the US over nothing.
There is a memorial for canadian WW1 soldiers in Belgium, because unlike Americans, didn't jump in in the last few years and attempt to take full credit.
Your ignorance, it's truly astounding.
That's why we have a reputation if kind people? Right;)  
Js...the fuck is that? Just saying? Is that what you're trying to type? It takes an extra second. Just. Saying..Also, no, you're not just saying anything. You're ripping off of Louis CK's newest special and trying to pass it off as your own thought. 
He mad 
And here I was trying to be subtle.
The moment when I have no clue who that is...
Absolutely nothing to see here in the comments. Turn around now.
If you intend to go anyway then take ..
Wait wouldn't that include this comment?
More like 1 "hero" dies big freaking ceremony, while they killing thousands noone hears about.
I'm confused on what you mean by that.  Are you saying mourn the enemy?
Everyone is quick to point a finger and point out atrocities but do absolutely nothing about it. Well I'll just keep on paying my taxes and pointing blame on the government via the internet and casual conversation. People like this make me sick and they're as big as hypocrites and the ones they're trying to point out.
I can't tell if you're joking to make a point about hypocrisy or if you actually are a jackass..
Maybe you should post that Fry meme?
said the guy complaining on the internet about people complaining on the internet...
"The enemy" is a pretty vague term, mate. What about all the civilians who are killed? Are they "the enemy"? You do realise that there are . of people who see the US as "the enemy", right?
I can't see why, we're so good to everyone. We bomb, kill, torture . . . oh shit. 
Either you're not from America or you're one of those hippies that doesn't understand what all of us in the armed forces actually do. Please come up to me in public and try to call me a murderer to my face instead of doing it behind a key board. 
Woah, calm down there keyboard warrior. Not liking the truth too much, eh?
So you're a violent person? If that's the case, then maybe I'll start thinking all soldiers are violent, blood thirsty monsters.
Yeah you're really doing a lot to help that "emotionally stunted, aggro tough guy who wants to kill foreigners" stereotype  most of you military guys have. .Keep up the good work cro-mag. 
Oh jesus christ are you serious? You sound like a 12 year old hiding behind a Keyboard yourself. Yes, You're a Murderer, and sometimes, Murder is needed to push a Nation Forward. The Sooner you realize you killed innocent Soliders like yourself, When the people who needed killing were the higher ups, The sooner you can stop acting like a internet tough guy and shut the fuck up.
whoa  tough  guy. I  bet  you're a  navy  seal  who  specialises  in gorilla  warfare. lol. I  served  and I  wouldn't  have  any  problems  telling  you  that  to your  face.  you're  either a pussy  ass  supply  clerk  who  has  never  left  the fob  or  you  ignorant  to  the  fact that  the  American  military  has  killed  hundreds  of  thousands  of  innocent civilians and  continues  to do so. 
[deleted]
lol.  you  haven't  been  on  reddit  long  enough.
The quote marks suggest that the poster feels the word "hero" is overused or used inappropriately..Many people feel that every soldier is a hero however many others do not. They feel that national pride can overshadow the great human cost of war. While they recognise that war is a kill or be killed situation, they feel that the enemy, and particularly non-combattant casualties should indeed be mourned. That wars are fought by governments but lives are given by people who, except by circumstance of birth, are no different from you or I. That perhaps if we took the time to mourn the enemy, we might also spend more time seeking alternatives to war, thereby reducing that great cost of human lives.
Hear hear!  The dehumanization of 'the enemy' is how we justify to ourselves the mass killing of soldiers and civilians, both on their side and ours.  If we took the time to mourn their dead as well as ours maybe people would find better solutions than blowing each other up.
Its a shame that this how the media is but people form relationships with these celebrities by constantly watching them on tv.  If people were able to watch and get to know these soldiers i'm sure they would care about them a lot more.
I agree 100%
You mean care about them enough not to send them thousands of miles away to die so that some rich white men get richer?
First off, by joining the military they are signing up for this.  Secondly, I mean care about them as in actually knowing the soldier personally.  People feel like they know these celebrities personally and that's why they get more attention.  
Point level: missed
Grammar. Punctuation. Learn them.
not being an asshole. learn it
Off is where you can fuck, shitdip summerredditor.
It's not the media. It is mindless dolts watching this mind melting tripe!
I came to into the comments to see of anyone made the point that it's not the American media's fault that dumbasses react the way that the dumbasses react. Thank you for beating me to the punch.
I dont understand why you would make fun of someone for watching a menial television show.  The media is going to show a person that millions of people know because they will get higher ratings rather than a soldier. 
Exactly!  Hambeasts care about Hambeasts, and will of course react to news regarding their favorite celebrity porkchop and care little for things that actually matter.
Hambeasts. I can't decide if I think that is hilarious or really sad.
Both. Only by finding hilarity through sadness can one truly enjoy life.
Yes, it is both. 
"Nobody panics when things go according to plan. Even if the plan is horrifying! If, tomorrow, I tell the press that, like, a gang banger will get shot, or a truckload of soldiers will be blown up, nobody panics, because its all part of the plan. But when I say that one little old mayor will die, well then everyone loses their minds!" - Joker
I find it kind of funny that you respond to a post about the American media with a movie quote.
I'm not sure what you mean by this. Not that it's wrong, but in this case "American media" is referring to the America news media; at least that's how I read it. Could you elaborate?
the media is a reflection of the people. Jodi Arias wasn't important but boy was it covered. My friend ate that coverage up every damn night. Zimmerman and TRayvon aren't important and frankly there isn'tmuch to the case except it draws a line for people to be on two sides of. There's nothing new in the coverage but it is prevalent because people watch it. 
The point of the post is that Americans are more interested in what happens to entertainers dying than the average joe dying for their country. You responded with a quote from a fictional character from an American movie rather than something a little more concrete like a philosopher, scientist, leader, etc etc.
It doesn't matter what the source is, the quote is most apt.
Played by an actor who died and stirred up a lot of attention in the media.
This is getting off topic, but authors, screen writers, and poets can reveal truth just as well as any philosopher or leader. More on topic, Americans are given a more personal (but no less superficial) connection to entertainers and famous people. I would be sad if Robin Williams died simply because I've seen his work, and so I enjoy the things he does publicly. If I had an association with a soldier, I'd be sad that he or she died, too. I don't think that Robin Williams is any better than anyone else. I just happen to like the things he's done in comedy. .Some of it is the American media- absolutely. There's no denying that sensationalism and fame are part of the News world, especially in the 1st world. But in another sense, there's no way to feel strongly about people who you've had no interaction with at all, no relation to, and expect to feel worse than somebody who you know something about. That's why "human interest" stories are powerful. You get to "know" people. When Pat Tillman died, it became a big story because people knew him from his football career. There was a way of connecting. .When one person dies, it's a tragedy. When a million die, it's a statistic." - Stalin (Or .. It doesn't really matter who said it.)
or a writer? For example the one who wrote a movie script :)
To be fair, he was a really good actor. Also not American. Just to throw that out there. When he died I was personally more saddened by the loss of great talent like his, as opposed to being sad just because he was a celebrity.
everytime somebody posts something about the media being retarded somebody quotes this shit lol

Never really got the second part of that quote. Isn't saying one little mayor will die all part of the plan?
He is saying that the Mayor dying is not part of the "plan". People don't expect it to happen, unlike when criminals or soldiers die. People expect that to happen. But mayors? They don't tend to violently die in a murder. 
I think he means the usual order of things, the point made is that, in the eyes of the masses, 20 gang bangers dying in a shoot out or a dozen soldiers dying from an IED is expected. However when one person dies who doesn't regularly die people lose their shit.
Yeah, I knew a guy who used to die regularly. He was kind of a dick about it though, so we didn't really care. 
We had a PE coach who suffered from a lot of heart issues, and he died 3 different times, and managed to keep kicking. Some time after we were in class and someone said he died, and we were all kinda like "Well how is he now?" He was dead dead.
Classic Kenny.
Classic Jack Harkness.
Who the fuck is Charles Z anyways?  Is he someone known on the internet, or just someone that got posted on 4chan?
... And the contest is off...
Lol, read that in Metro Ottawa! Laughed pretty hard.
He is obviously not going to meet her.  
Really getting tired of people attacking Charles and calling him creepy. Nobody knows the man himself, they only know that its an elaborate internet joke. It'd be real sad to find out that Charles is actually mentally challenged or something.
*man's dream
Kind of fucked up that they're calling him creepy. A fan is a fan. How insulting. 
I'm hoping Taylor and Charles Z really hit it off, could be some "good" songs come out of that...
Dont hate the player, hate the game.   I blame Taylor Swift fans and their inability to mobilize!    
I'm sorry but I think Reddit should get some credit! I helped!
Ya, but 4chan was the catalyst. There are probably dozens or hundreds of internet communities that are also voting pro Charles. Would just be too many to list.
We need to send a candidate from the reddit community! 
Haha, this guy.
 Allright guys, don't look any further, I'll take this one.
Good point. I retract what I said. 
Which part of her body is the hair he will be sniffing on?
One full sniff per hair follicle.
YAY my actions from Reddit actually did something!!!! 
He seems like a pretty typical guy who just likes Taylor Swift. Nothing wrong with that.
 Calgary
Sniff my hair rhymes with creepy stare.
I love you..... In a totally non-creepy way.
we did it reddit
Is anybody else sick of the media calling attention to this? I was hoping to see this happen discretely and laugh when nobody understands what's happening, but all I see are narks trying to take the fun out of it. We can't get away with these pranks anymore, it seems. The girl posting it on the Facebook page, a news site writing an article, this. But I guess this is what happens when these sites get so popular...
Posting these things on Reddit is a double edged sword. On one hand, we propel Charles Z to the top. On the other, we also make it visible for the News as to our intentions. 
So what happened with the contest? Is it still going on? Did Charles win?
Technically, he should win. 
Taylor Swift looks like my sister so imagining her as sexy is really awkward for me
How funny, you're sister looks like my future girlfriend.
this is bitter sweet.. you know they will just award it to the person in second place.. cuz of the creepy
4chan is like a really shitty illuminati.
its just some guy 4chan wanted to win. and i would like to see win as well 
Yay! I contributed to that!
I remember jumping into the thread about halfway through, ahh, good times.
What's your local paper called? The Washington rePost?

Kind of a courteous gesture, I suppose. 
As an American, you're ruining the mental image I have of London as a classy beautiful city, where everyone wears pinstriped suits with large neckties. The gentlemen always tip their top hats and have swirley mustaches. The ladies are beautiful, and wear long flowing gowns, and those giant head-mops that the guards at Buckingham Palace wear, for some reason. . is sipping tea as they sit, walk, drive, and go snorkeling. Crumpets at every light post. The comically small cars pass at low speed, since it's so confusing to drive on the other side. The sun shines so brightly that you can almost make out it's outline through the grey clouds. A brief moment of the natural beauty that is England in the mind of this American..Now I picture the streets littered with dead hookers. Thanks a lot.

in a 4th gen prelude, thats believable.  there's not enough space for a complete hooker in the trunk
Wouldn't you get arrested for having that because it is hate speech against sex workers? 
Nope only keep the dead bodies in there during the day... 
Is that "Police do not cross" tape hanging from the back of the car?
practical: Line your trunk with kitty litter, it will absorb the mess and smells. 
That's how you get ants.
You have that one crazy night some night and you'll have to peel it off
Is that police tape hanging from your car?
Well at least it won't have that fresh body smell 
If he was really committed to the joke he would tape a bag of red dyed corn syrup to the wheel well with a puncture so it leaks onto the pavement.

I love the qualifier there.
yes it is, to be fair i didnt stay around long enough to ask questions... too risky 
:obligatory Archer reference
Dead hookers dressed in long, flowing gowns.
It's true. You can barely fit your shopping in a Honda prelude.
All hookers within are still alive.
I saw this car at South Mimms the other day. Place was overrun by modified chavtastic Hondas. 
what about call girls?
Nice try craig james. 
Just to let non-brits know, not sure if it's a thing everywhere, but most work vans will say "No tools left in this van overnight" to stop people breaking in to them to steal the expensive tools.
What year is that Honda prelude 
4th gen if that helps
Might even be JDM judging by the licence plate.  You can't fit a regular plate in the space and end up using a bike plate.

I see what you did there OP
Should we tell him?

W has some sick kicks.
Do they always color coordinate their outfits?
Your aunts got quite a bush there.
She must be the one in the middle.
I don't know why, but the caption expectation and then looking at the photo made me laugh so hard I peed my pants..Thanks OP. Bra-vo.
Golf Strategery by Dana Carvey's son
Reddit talks a lot of crap about Bush but at least he isn't Obama.  
Ron Burgandy!
Wow, he . pretty tall in real life. 
That's Bill Clinton, OP!
Your aunt is friends with a war criminal?
These ladies are probably around 5'3". Which makes him around 5'6". Not tall. 
He's 6' 0" (1.82 m).
He'll read whatever is on the prompt!
Does his part to destroy many countries......let's have a round of golf.
Let me guess....You think Obama is a saint...
You mean George bush
That was apart of the joke. His aunt had mistaken former President George Bush Jr. for a Hollywood celebrity. 
wat...
Did he pick her pocket?
Is your aunt a wealthy, privileged, conservative, country club old white biddy or did she actually cringe when she took this picture?
Oh man you're edgy as fuck.
And we're tired of playing "find the black guy" in photos anyway.
It's easy.  He's committing a felony.  
I hope you're not American.
Woosh?
Whoosh x9
Good caption OP. Bravo
Has anyone else ever noticed that the can of half and half that has Arnold Palmer on it actually looks like George Bush? 
Looks more like bush than Ferrell

This!
You have to see the picture from the can of half and half.
Every god damn time.
As a kid growing up knowing nothing about golf, for the longest time I wondered why Bush was on beverage cans...
Thank you, now I don't feel crazy. 

The most fun Bush had as President.
Oh man, you're fully prepared with bush gifs aren't you?

That gif made me laugh more than anything else on here so far. Upvotes for you.
have you seen...
Not to be mean, but your aunt looks a lot like former President George W. Bush.


Ah, .!
Ahh, the ol' reddit switchidibiblediblebop
I'm the scatman!


This could make for a great series of drawings.
Dan Quisenberry right?
Sidearm pitchers just look so awesome :D
Gotta do something with those worthless baseball cards. 
Ah, the irony.
This should be put on the extreme ironing page of wikipedia.
.
Definitely used to do this in grade school. 
I wish there could be a whole set of these.
That's what I came in here to ask.  Looks like he's following through from a sidearm or submarine pitch anyway.
 
Baseball Card Vandals.There are a lot of hilarious ones. I blew so much air out of my nose for like an hour.
Oh shit remember Becket funny cards?
This could have been perfected if the cord of the iron attached to a plugin that was drawn over the baseball
Oh please, oh please.  Each with a different house chore.

You are a good person.
His ironing glove seems excessive. 
His eyes are staring into my soul
Reddit has spoken.
There is, head to baseballcardvandals.com
I do too
I thought it was a pun on A-Aron (key and peele)
I didn't know flamers could even play sports

why on earth would that subreddit be locked?
Ay-Ayron?
Well, the Royals gotta be good at 
As someone from Kansas City, I agree with you.
As some one from Kansas City i second that agreement 
Tyron, you silly fat bastard...
I like dags
Reminds me of a scene from Snatch. 
IT WON'T OPEN BECAUSE IT'S A SECURITY DOOR.
I want to know what the writing on that barrier says.
this is a repost, he escaped out of there by pushing the door multiple times creating a small gap for him to escape. thats all i can remember.
eat the note! freedom!
That's racist,all he wanted was some skittles
"All. Bets. Are. Off."
I've heard that (statistically speaking) if you rob one bank, just one, and never do it again you have a fairly good chance of not being caught. 
no vid?
Sorry, I'm on my wine break.  KA-FWOOSH!
 
I work at a bank, and i've never heard of a system like this being implemented. Judging by the setup i'd guess that this is probably a check cashing business or something of the like. You are much less likely to have multiple customers in a place like that at once. They are also much more likely to have more cash on hand, and only one person working the entire store.
"Fuck You"
What would happen if sone other counter teller had extended hands? Wtf
They would have been pushed up and back.
I don't get it... What did he do?
It's like snatch
The funny part is that he's not really locked in the bank but he thinks he is. When he entered the bank he pulled the door towards him. Leaving the bank he should push but he tries to pull. I remember seeing a longer version of this where the next customer opens the door and he runs out. 
Actually maybe he was locked in. He eventually breaks out of the door on the right but I think all he needed to do was push the door on the left. .Source: 
He may have been able to deny attempting to rob the bank if he didn't run towards the door after the barrier went up.
Guy richie watched this gif for inspiration.
Yea, this one: .
Great movie.
he was just trying to cash a paycheck
it looked like he was just pulling out cash?
perhaps the bookies..
Story: Black man tries to cash his check. Police were called in, nobody was harmed.
I can't wait to see it again next week.
This is a repost, pretty sure the last one was titled " how some banks handle robbers
Was he even trying to rob the place? All I saw was paper in his hand. Can anyone explain?
If he had a weapon why wouldn't he take the windows out? 
Bullet-proof glass?
well maybe he has glass-proof bullets!
It's a security door!
Glass protecting the tellers is about 4cm thick .. maybe if you had a Barrett 50 cal you could punch through. .Not sure about glass at the door or window .. prob 2cm thick, still would stop a 9mm
So did the guy do anything to warrant the security system? It looks like he just pulled paperwork out of his pocket then freaked out when the security took over.
ALL BETS ARE OFF!!
Why not a trap door instead? So other patrons are not put in danger.
i would have eaten that note and then it would have been he said she said bullshit and then walked away with nothing, possibly a civil lawsuit for damages of racial profiling.
Yeah because there wasn't a camera with most likely audio recorded as well.
A feloney obstruction/destruction of evidence charge would be better than a bank robery charge.
Clearly, there was no camera
Place your hands on the yellow circles.
I'm a meat popsicle.
Negative I am a meat-popsicle. 
SMOKE YOUUUUUUUUUUUUU
...wrong answer.
next time get an accomplice to hold the door open?
and start by propping up a pole between the ceiling and the top of that moving barricade.
So that he can escape from his second failed attempt?
Mantraps (the double doors almost all banks have) typically do not allow the second door to open until the first has closed.
All the banks ive been to in Australia only have a single door (Sometimes 2 entrances on either side of the building since its near a big shopping centre. That said I don't think robbing banks is near as useful as robbing other places these days with all the added protection/security.

Door stop?
Full video:
.starts at 1:10
people need to watch this. He gets away at the end
I'm lost.  They thought this black man was dangerous?  He just pulled out a piece of paper.
Please tell me you're not rushing to pull the race card out for no fucking reason, please tell my you're not that big of a fucking idiot.
I have been robbed as a teller before with a note passer. Usually they don;t have a whole lot of their faces maybe something to distract the teller. He had glasses and a hat on which seems to be enough. 
It also looked like he was wearing something over his head. Pantyhose or whatever.  The combo would have me pushing that button. 
seriously.  not like he had iced tea and skittles...
You dont need to act threatening or pull out a weapon to rob a bank. Just saying to the teller in a nice voice . will land you a fair bit of time in jail.
I always wonder what would happen if I calmly walked into a bank and handed the teller a note with the following: .I'd probably still get arrested.  Anyone want to try it and find out? :)
Toque? Check. Sunglasses? Check. handing me a note instead of talking to me? Check..It's the combination of these things indoors during banking hours that makes it suspicious. Skin colour has nothing to do with it.
Hat and sunglass in bright windows bank, nothing suspicious about that. Almost all transactions require some sort of paper, whether it be for deposit, withdraw, or otherwise. Nothing from the video seems to indicate agression or suspicion..Edit: fixed word
At the banks I frequent, there are signs on the door asking you to remove sunglasses, hats and hoods before entering.
I'm glad I don't use banks directly anymore, that would be infuriating to me. I wouldn't bank with them based on principle.
I think he went full retard with his half joke.
Maybe the piece of paper said "give me all the money or I'll take the gun out of my pocket and kill you".
With nothing to cover his face?
GIMME DA CAAAASHHHHH!!!!
I can't help but feel that a ski mask is a little expected at this point and wouldn't be very helpful. Like I mean they would just start up the wall the instant they see you walk in the door ya know?
Yes but if some actually tries to rob this place they are not suppose to know about the defense systems.  If this place didn't have the defense mechanisms then he could have gotten away if he covered his face.
man youre seeing the same shit im seeing.
It appears that the wall went up before a teller could see the note.
you don't try to run away if you're not doing anything wrong
I guarantee that if a giant wall jumped up in your face, you'd panic for a second too.
I would possibly shit myself, but I wouldn't start sprinting out the door. Startling events usually immobilize me, he seemed as if he had to escape. And anyone who has seen Snatch knows it's a safety wall.
I can not tell if this is sarcastic.
People are preprogrammed to run away. It is the fight or flight response. It was likely startling, loud, and confusing. This would invoke any person to run away.
Have you ever gotten a paper cut?! That shit hurts!
It stings like a motherfucker!


Looks like Tyron's gone done and bled the bookies again.
Obviously I've got no idea what's going on...  But I'm curious why that wall thing was triggered.  The guy didn't look terribly threatening.  He pulled out a piece of paper - not a weapon.  I wonder if he was making threats or demands?  Wonder if he was actually trying to rob the place, or if it was an accident..Also - I wouldn't want to be a customer at that bank when something like that happened.  Sure, you're keeping the guy from robbing the bank or running away...  But you've just locked all your customers in there together with him.  If he was actually armed, you've just trapped a lot of people in there with him.
Also, glass door.
Regard point one: He's black and pulled something out of his pocket... so the only explanation is he's robbing the place /s.Regarding point 2: The money is safe. The end.
Could be a piece of paper with some kind of note on it to keep it low key.
Example:-."I have a gun in my pocket, Give me a bag of cash or shit is going to get real".
I doubt it was an accident, or he wouldn't have bolted for the door.
a wall shoots up between me and someone I was just talking to I'm getting out of dodge too! 
It kind of looks like he's wearing pantyhose over his head.  I could be wrong on that. 
Why I believe it triggered:  He walked into the bank wearing a beanie and glasses.  Maybe the bank personel mistook him for someone trying to rob the bank, panicked when he pulled something out of his pocket, and triggered the defense mechanism.   
I have a friend that works in a bank and we talk about what would happen if someone came to rob the bank. He told me that is not allowed to press the panic button if a person comes up to the teller and gives him a note that says to give him money or else, he has to give the guy the money and let him leave and then call the cops. The whole point of this is to protect the people in the bank. Now if someone comes in flashing a gun you press the panic button and do what the guy says.
possibly the bank only trigger the mechanism if there is no one else in the bank apart from the robber.
I don't want to put my bank manager in the position of choosing between my safety and his money. I don't assume I'm going to come out on the right side of that...
Aren't banks insured through the government in the event of a robbery? I dont think the manager would care too much
Not through the government, but damn near every bank in the world carries private robbery insurance. The head teller at the bank I used to work for joked about how we could offer them the computers and the printer to go with, as they were all insured, and we could get new ones finally!
The bank manager knows it's not his money.
But that he is held responsible for it, and can be fired for it..Bank of America were willing to illegally foreclose on people who were up to date on their mortgages. It made their numbers look better and put them in line for a promotion. It also ruined the lives of hundreds if not thousands of families by turfing them out of their households. You think they'd do that but let someone run off with bank money just to spare me a brush with a bank robber?
How exactly do you foreclose on someone who is up to date on their mortgage?  Not saying BoA didn't try, but that's an example of incompetence more than anything else..Also, all banks in the US will give a robber money.  In fact, you are a lot more likely to get fired for resisting a robber.  There's rarely more than a couple thousand dollars kept in a teller's cash drawer.  If an employee or customer gets hurt resisting a robber, that's potentially tens of millions of dollars in liability.
Every bank manager I've known would, and I've never known one to get fired because his branch was robbed..The people who make those decisions at BoA are not branch managers.
Most bank managers are people.
The government does not reimburse individual robberies, you are thinking of FDIC insurance in the USA perhaps? This is for when the entire bank goes bust, and is insurance for the depositor really, not the bank.
Thank god it's not his money and even if the robber get's away with it it's insured. 
The payouts to the victim or his family far exceed what the robber could ever take. Don't be an idiot.
Twist: man could not speak handed a note for the teller
Twist. : Note read "I am from the security company, here to test the system."
Twist. : Man was actually a robber.
Twist. Man was the decoy, the robber already got away with the money.
Twist. : Directed by M. Night Shamalamadingdong and it is just a dream.
Twist. : He was dead the entire time.
Twist. :  The Last Airbender movie sucked ass.

so true.
Twist. : The teller was actually George Zimmerman...
Twist. : His DNA is the cure for cancer.
Dude spoilers. I haven't seen the end of the gif yet
Damn dialup...
Keep askin me for tree fiddy. 
What's the black thing bouncing on the floor. Thought it came from him at first but seems to be thrown out. Was waiting for it to explode with a cloud of gas or perhaps be a phone so they could explain how screwed he is. 
Look at the top of the gif. It's sitting on that wall thing.
Grenade
I definitely thought it was a flashbang. I even squinted in preparation when I saw it.
me too...I was disappointed.
Pen holder from the far end of the counter being launched into the air by the barrier
It looks to be one of those chain pen docks. 
I bet when the office supplies there come alive at night, they refer to this attempted robbery as their "Under the Dome" event. "Did you see the pen chain? Cut right in half, it was!" - Stapler.
While this saves the bank from being robbed, it effectively makes every other customer a hostage.
Nah they fixed that problem. The thing that gets thrown into the middle of the room was supposed to explode, killing everyone in the room. Must have malfunctioned. 
At that point they're probably just going to run. No point in staying in a hostage situation when you have absolutely nothing to gain from it. 
He tries to run in the video; the door's locked.
And also in the video, he breaks the door down and escapes.
Could you link the whole video?
IIRC he had to push, not pull. 
He does push.
It looks like he tries both.
I think he tries both on the right, locked, door and he only try to pull on the left, unlocked, push to open, door.
What he means is what happens when there is another person inside. Lets say you went in to deposit some money, then this jackass runs inside and tries to rob the place. Barrier comes up, door are locked, and now you and him are locked in together.
Let the games begin!
It is entirely possible that in the event that the walls go up that the doors automatically lock. Thus trapping the perp in an enclosed area to wait on the cops arrival.
It's possible. It seems like a bad idea to me.
"Well shit... So how's your day going?"
Another customer comes and tries to pull the left door open just as the robber did on his way in, but could not.
I'm pretty sure this gif cuts off the end where he was actually just opening the door the wrong way.  It protected the tellers but didn't lock the door.
I don't think so. In the beginning of the gif it shows him pull the door open to get in. At the end, you see him push to get out but its locked. You can even see him try to pull as well
The door closest to the camera is locked the whole time. Plenty of establishments only bother unlocking the one door. The unlocked door has to be pulled from the outside, which he does to get in. In trying to escape, he pushes the locked door and then pulls the unlocked door from the inside.
Nope, he pulled the door to open, as he went to leave he pushed and it was locked. 

Ya like dags?
Oh dogs. Yeah, I like dags. I like caravans better.
No, because if you look when he walks in, he has to pull the door open, so in order to leave, he would have to push. Which he tries (and fails) to do.
You are correct. Building code (at least in the US, and I would guess that England is similar) says that exterior entry doors must open outward. So it is either a push door, or a double-acting door.
hats off to you, must have been a different video.  
The commentator on the video says that he simply needs to pull the door instead of pushing, which is wrong.  Watch closely and you can see that he does do a push/pull on the door.
Agreed. On commercial buildings, doors that can only be pulled open are fire code violations. A stampeding herd of humanity needs to be able to escape without having to back up to open a door. 
Except in Germany where it's the exact opposite. I got it wrong every time I opened a door there.
Thats the same video.
Nope, its an extended version of it.  I swear Redditors are too goddamn quick to correct people.
You state that the gentleman in the video was trying to open the door incorrectly. And that a different version of the same video shows this..PyroWolff corrects you. You thanks him(or her) for the correction and state that you confused it with a different video. Which you provide a link to..The link is the a longer version of the video we are already looking at, with a female voice-over that makes the same mistake as you. 
she says that he has to pull it but she is wrong. Those are clearly push doors. So you were thinking the same video but the voice is wrong.
He tried to Pull too,  the initial Push, then pulls doesn't work..Also, exit doors should always be push to exit.   It avoid mobs from being locked in.  I think that's by law since a theater collapsed or a caught fire, no one could get out because they couldn't pull the door open as everyone was pushing towards the exit. 
Well I have a new nightmare, thanks.
I think jethroboom was making a joke that the videos were not the same . video. They are of the same content, but one is longer and contains more frames than the other. Please correct me if I am wrong. Also, sorry for killing the joke.
But the money is safe right? That's the important bit.
[deleted]
If it becomes known that robbing this bank is almost guaranteed to fail then you are going to have less robberies and LESS customers hurt. 
I didn't know there were priests on reddit.
ok, what did he say?

TIL
I couldn't stop laughing at ....one child
I giggled.
his name implies otherwise
My bank says if the customer is threatening you give the customer the money, no hesitation.  
That's for locations that can afford insurance
Its called america
The fact that FDIC insurance rates went up 400% on the banks that didn't get or require a bailout is one of those post crisis things you don't hear about.
Yeah, that's how all insurance works.
this happened to my mother not too long ago. guy gave her a note telling her to put all the money in a bag and he's got a gun. 
she pushed the silent alarm, and walked away. he followed her from the other side of the counter until she walked into the backroom and realized she wasn't coming back out so he took off.
caught at a park nearby later in the day. she received an award and made it in the company's news mag they have. she called me after it happened laughing about it, i was like WTF MOM
That's because the USD isn't worth it.
Sauce? I (don't) want to see this.
Because they probably don't have a James Bond type of security system installed.
If it were a James Bond type security, the barrier would take 3 minutes to drop and there'd be a saw or laser that moved across the lobby at 1 inch/minute. Meanwhile, all the employees would leave because they have more important things to do at the moment.
*fewer
How about we work on fewer condescending corrections?
how the fuck is that condescending? you're a fucking asshole
...Actually I think here it would be more appropriate to work on less condescending corrections, rather than fewer...
You don't think correcting strangers in public is condescending? 
How was saying it condescending?  I didn't editorialize at all.  I didn't employ sarcasm.  I only suggested that a better word choice would be fewer.  That way, in the future, it would be known.  I attempted to inform the poster so they could look up the difference and improve their language and communication skills.  How should I have done it?
If people actually get upset about this stuff, I don't want to see what it's like whenever my children are 20...
Not at all.  Our relationship isn't parent/child, teacher/student or boss/subordinate.   When you correct a stranger in public you put them in a position of being inferior to you. 
That wasn't condescending, he was clearly trying to help.
If he were trying to help, why didn't he PM him instead of publicly correcting him?
This website is called reddit, or re-edit.  No one should fear being corrected. No one is prefect.
Or... Read it. Like, I already read it on Reddit.
*Reddit
Joga Bonito
A lot of fucks were given to obtain that level of skill
Considering he has probably doesn't his entire life getting amazing at soccer, I'd say he probably gives many fucks.
Ronaldinho as amazing as always
Zero originality in title.
Ronaldhino. Love that flip-flap as well, no one will ever be able to do it as well as him again
as someone who has played soccer in the past. this is damn impressive.
You gotta admit that's fuckin intimidating.
-.- dude....
I don't understand, how you don't understand the title and post.
There really should be an all-star soccer match with a dunk-like competition showcasing the insane shit players do with the ball when they're bored. It would raise soccer appreciation a lot in the states.
This is actually a very easy trick to do, but how it does it without even looking is off the fucking chain.
Which player is that
He is like a wizard
[deleted]
Got a comment graveyard brewing below. 
If only Ronaldinho would give a fuck again! Brilliant at his best!
I like how at the end of gif the other guy is just like 
I would have gone with, "Baller move."
I miss the old Barca days.

If you want to see more from the player, here is the best compilation of him...

Defense is not that other team's strength...
This is just HILARIOUS!! Thank you r/funny!!
silky touch.
Who needs video games when you have guys like these alive and kicking?
I feel like it was in reverse. 
That's incredible.
Every time I see him, or anyone that handle it close to what he can, I wonder what it would feel like to be able to do all that shit with your feet. Like, do your feet become your first tool, or line of defense? If i could do that, I feel like I would just kick shit around all the time, or pick up things with my feet instead of bending over. Instead I just trip over shit a lot, and fuck up peoples soccer games. 
how can that ball not bounce O.o ?
This is not a  "zero fucks given" 
I was able to do that in high school. (I also was able to kick it more than 1000 times without ball touching the ground).What's a big deal seriously? Those tricks are the easiest part of modern soccer which requires most of all an incredible level of athletism: you basically running marathon time at sprinter speeds with occasional breaks when you lie down simulating an injury. 
Pound for pound probably one of the most if not the most talented football player of all time imo.
I love Brasilian football so much. 
The guy does a double take like "did that really go through my feet... was there enough room?"
so are you a star on a big club team in europe? if the answer is no, then there is your answer.  Anyone can do the move with some practice...but what separates the stars from the rest of us, is the ability to do it so fluently.
If by "that other team" you mean the guy in red - the guy in red is a trainer for Ronaldinho's team 
I know, it was a funny...
why'd I even try?
We called that the snake in HS. I like the Flip-flap better though. Sounds much better.
Complaining about OP's title not making sense and ending the sentence with this question is pretty funny.
I don't understand, your use of commas.
No, I was not a star. I was an average. As I said, soccer is not about that. It's not soccer, it's juggling. 
i know I play soccer...juggling is different though.  I can do all kinds of moves when I am just juggling, I am sure you can do too.  The difference is, ronaldinho especially was able to do this while one guy is slide tackling from behind, another is trying to check him...and another defender is closing in.  That takes great talent.  
no argument here, except the picture did not capture one of those moments, looks like the off-game moment
yup true. I was just talking in general :)
IN the game it's like: "Wait a sec, I did not even juggle three times yet!" .In college we used to play 24 hour games straight (with replacements, of course, like in hockey) - THAT was  a brutal game. I did not even play. I am not a gladiator.
Except he does shit like this, and other far sicker moves, shots, and passes..IN the game. 
24 hour games? wtf...how is that even possible lol
Spartan workouts maybe?
Physics.
Real Ronaldo is actually also known for his spectacular Elastico
When I was younger I knew him mainly for his devastating scissor move he would use on goalies and defenders alike. Then I got older and watched his youtube highlights. I was amazed at how well he elastico'd. True  legend, Ronaldo is.
Pure skill.
If you were familiar with Ronaldinho you would know that he really does not give a fuck. Also he didn't spend his life getting good at it, he has natural talent. 
I'm familiar with him. To say he, or any athlete of that caliber, doesn't give a fuck is pretty insulting. You don't get THAT good from natural talent alone. It's not like playing soccer is a human instinct. Sure, he has natural abilities, but you're out of god damn mind if you don't think he worked his ass off to get to where he did. All his moves and striking abilities are the result of having the physical/mental ability, and working his ass off at perfecting them. .Just because the dude likes to party, has done some bonehead shit, and has a shitty attitude at times, doesn't mean he doesn't give a fuck, isn't trying, or doesn't work his ass off. You don't just unintentionally become the best player in the world in the most popular game in the world. 
Except for the part where he is looking.
-> FOOT+BALL = FOOTBALL 
this checks out
This title and the post have nothing in common. You need to not do that again. Idiot.
YouShouldBePraised, not downvoted
Does anyone know where the longer version of this gif is?  I have been looking for it for like 3 months.  24/7.  I can't fucking find it.
What's pound for pound got to do with football talent?
Fat Ronaldo joke maybe. 
Fine, one of the most talented football players of all time..Happy?
Not his fault he hears ESPN repeat the same phrases 14 billion times a day.
Incredibly awesome, but not even remotely funny.
As a soccer player, I can guarantee you that would make the whole team crack up if they saw it. The shameful posture with the head takes the cake. I laughed loudly. 
I thought the guy getting nutmegged and then hanging his head in shame was pretty funny.
As a soccer player, I can guarantee you that would make the whole team crack up if they saw it. The shameful posture with the head talks the cake. I laughed loudly. 

 0:15 - 0:27
Jiffy! 00:15 - 00:26
That's the one.  You sir/Ma'am are a gem.  Still looking for the gif version though but this will do. 
Use jiffy bot to make the gif.
le gem

I've seen this before and never understood how he prevents the ball, which must have gone 50 ft up, from bouncing.  Does he catch it on his foot and lower it to the ground?
He has amazing touch. And as a soccer player It is  honestly not that difficult to do but he does it with such class and swagger its amazing. Ronaldinho is a god 
came here to ask the same thing.
Half the battle of a soccer/football player is how good their touch is. Your first touch is going to dictate your entire run of play. A great player must have a sublime first touch. Almost angelic. .Ronaldinho knows exactly where to place his foot and lower it so that the ball is in his control the entire time. .Another master was Thierry Henry as you can see 
Ronaldinho is special. I've never seen another player do that like he can.
To make the soccer ball not bounce on contact. All you have to do is tilt your foot right when the ball makes contact and and then tilt upwards at the tip of the ball. This will cause the ball to roll under your foot, since your probably wearing cleats.(its very hard to explain and sorry for my English, it's not my first language)    
You sort of catch it on the side of your foot and move your foot on top of it.
Nope. That is definitely a popular and viable way to trap the ball out of the air, but that's not what he's doing here. He's just lowering his foot with the ball to soften the landing, similar to catching an egg in your hand.
Ah ok, that's very difficult to do. I've never seen anyone do it from that height, maybe with keepy-uppies.
That's pretty much what he does. Its not difficult to do, you just have to time it right. 
I haven't seen anyone say it yet, but its called trapping the ball.  Soccer involves a lot of long and high passes.  When receiving a pass the player will generally perform this technique to gain quick control over the ball or possibly do a 1-touch pass to another player.  .There are a couple ways to trap the ball when its coming to you.  A common one is to make a wedge with your foot and the ground so that it traps the ball and stops its movement immediately, hence the name.  Another one is to receive the ball with your foot moving away from the ball as it connects to absorb and slow the ball down quickly.  .Its an ability that becomes second nature the more you practice it.  Its also like riding a bike.  I went several years without touching a soccer ball and found that I still knew how to do it.  Your body can remember this kind of skill..Source: I played soccer from as early as I can remember to high school.
It hits his foot and as it does, he lowers it and pulls it towards him, backspin on the ball. 
he absorbs the  fall with his foot
You've obviously never played soccer/football :P. That part is pretty easy. I, a very ''bad'' player, could do this almost as good, and it becomes a reflex in life in general. Never do I break something when it falls because i just catch it with my foot. Practice it a bit with something heavy but soft, and within 2-3 minutes you'll be good at it.
That part is surprisingly easy.
Easy for a good player. I can do it no problem most of the time, but that's because I have played soccer all my life. Most beginners would have a hell of a time attempting to cushion it like that. 
Easy for a 'good player', but difficult to master as well as he has. I can do that 19/20 times so it works and is still playable but I could never make it look that perfect and graceful. 
Oh definitely. He just does it so perfectly and effortlessly. 
There are very few professional footballers who can do it like that. Controlling the ball in the air is relatively easy to grasp, but it takes a lot more than a good player to kill it stone dead from that height without even looking.
Eh, I would kinda disagree. I think most professional players could do that. Shit, most of the good players on my high school varsity team could do that. Maybe not . as effortlessly or in a game scenario every time, but yeah basically.
It's all timing. To early and you miss it, too late and you're just kicking the ball. But once you have the timing the footwork is easy
Great, thanks for the explanation.
JUST DO IT
The same way you would catch an egg, but much quicker and less exaggerated.
Jaduardo explained it in the post I replied to. Yes, he's catching it on his foot and lowering it to the ground, basically.
He basically cushions the ball with is feet, using is ankle as a hinge.
FTFY
for the record: please note that dazheb cannot do this trick
well...no...not exactly.. i mean i kinda can do something like it, just not that high. or it doesn't look really as fluid as that, but I can do it man. just like him. trust me. 
Not quite like that for sure 
. It should help with the understanding of what he does. The timing is absolutely impeccable/
Laws of physics are still being broken in my mind even though I know exactly how he does it and why it works.
Ok, I got it now... thanks.
I liked the part where he got kicked in the shin but didn't pretend like his whole leg exploded.
That's so cute. 
The shinguard probably helped 
Usually the guards hamper that kind of thing
You don't watch much football do you.
No. But I've been exposed to enough to crack a joke at the stereotypes..And to . , you aren't me. Stop trying to be me.
Judging by the fact that I call it soccer, no. No I don't.
I love how he just megs the guy right after haha
And that guy . drops his head in shame at the end of the gif.
I don't remember who that is he nutmegs at the end but I recall it is some super famous and amazing player.
That little two touch is actually more impressive than the kick and trap.
That move is known as "The Elastico" Ronaldinho being the king of such a move.
No way. You can teach yourself to do the skill he did, but you have to be pretty darn amazing at soccer to control such a high ball so well.
Well I guess I am a pretty darn amazing soccer player, I can do both of these "amazing tricks".  
I doubt you could control that ball from that high. I can do the flip-flap he does aswell though :)
It's actually a lot easier than you think and something you should be taught to master pretty early on. 
Well juggling enough and you kind of develop trapping naturally.
It's really one touch, you just loop your foot under and around the back of the ball.
Push with your heel and quickly tap with your toe, it's a two touch, trust me.  
It's all toe, and when he does it perfectly it's one continuous touch with his toe rolling around/under the back of the ball before he flicks it back in the second direction. Most of the time it ends up being two very fast touches though (like .)...I've only ever seen him do it as one continuous touch in training when he's standing still and there's no defender.
Nah man, no heel involved. Push with the top of your foot, hook around. He pushes with the outside of his foot, then the inside.
It's still a two touch regardless of how you choose to do it, and much trickier than trapping a ball.  All you downvoting have probably never touched a soccer ball in your lives.  
I didn't downvote you, and I agree; having tried both, the ronaldinho trick is much harder.
nah bro, 100% heel push. Using the bottom of his foot he does a reach around turn. after that heel push then inside. the left more than the right. trust me. 
You're wrong.
I know what you're referring to, but his move uses only the outside and the laces of the shoe, no heel involved. Watch this:
Yea.
Nutmegging someone is one of the most satisfying things you can ever do ever..Being megged is one of the most soul crushing things you can experience ever.
Shut up meg....Im sorry 
Ronaldinho's such a beast
This was Robinho doing this while at AC Milan..
Ugly man, fantastic footballer. He was the greatest and then lost it cause of the fame. Even as a Madrid fan, i miss watching him play on Barca
Isn't that Ronaldo?  As in Cristiano?
That actually isn't Ronaldinho, its Giovanni Dos Santos from Mexico...
Hell yea, he's the reason I really started getting into playing soccer. It was during the time that those Nike Joga Bonito commercials were coming out, I watched those commercials over and over again and was fascinated every time I saw them.
Ronaldinho, dude. I'll let you off this time but never again.
You may have, but the rest of us won't. 

Comment to save
What does "BASED" mean?
Based god refer's to some rapper. lil'b or something. It started out with him fucking bitches, now its just everything..Go to a meme site to learn more about it.
Thanks! I can't wait to watch that. Ronaldinho is literally the reason I am a soccer fan today. I never played soccer (huge regret now that I love watching it so much), and always gave my soccer playing friends the gears. We were drinking one night, and they had a game on, and I saw this buck toothed, long haired, little man child running around just breaking folks, and dancing around and shit....been obsessed with soccer ever since. He is one bad motherfucker. .Watching his highlights seriously gives me chills. He is so damn smooth. His game is a fucking work of art.  
What parallel universe was Brazil living in? I'll admit.. that England team was good.. but that Brazil team, my god.
The Brazilian press and public give their national team an even harder time than their English counterparts give the England team. They hadn't been playing well before the tournament, Ronaldinho was an unknown quantity, and frankly once you move beyond the awesome front three that was an thoroughly mediocre Brazil side. Of the remaining 8 players, only Cafu and Roberto Carlos were any good, and both were a bit dodgy when asked to defend. England on the other hand had Michael Owen when he still terrified people, Sol Campbell at his peak, and the core of the all-conquering Man Utd side. Unfortunately we also started with David Seaman, Danny Mills, Trevor Sinclair and Emile Heskey on the pitch. Brazil probably weren't aware of who they were, let alone how ridiculous it was that they were playing in a World Cup.
True true. To think Kleberson was in that Brazil team kinda puts it all into perspective. I definitely miss that England team though, 'cept for Heskey. 
No soccer player here, but looks like Ronaldinho caught #4 pretty flat-footed. 
/dat fucking wasted chance
That move is called "elstico" (rubber band) and it was created and mastered by ..
I had no idea about this. Thank you for enlightening me! Have an upvote
He's on his toes even when he split steps.  It's just nothing you can do when the player and the ball go to the side.   If you don't react, he's just gone past you on that side..Luckily for defenders, this move is insanely hard to do well.
Well the point of the move is to shift your bodyweight one way and then the other. The defender will naturally react to your body going to the first direction and can't react quick enough..Even the best defenders have been made to look silly by Ronaldinho.
to this day, i dont care what anyone says, but my own personal opinion.  Ronaldinho was the greatest ever.  In form, he was unstoppable, a freak of nature.  You don't walk into the bernabau and get a standing ovation from madrid fans for clapping their team.  Not even messi has got that.
Messi has been more effective in terms of scoring goals, winning games and consistency but Ronaldinho at imho is more graceful and such fun to watch. Also he's very lazy and doesn't apply himself as much as he should.  He tends to stand around in opponents half if his team doesn't have the ball and doesn't press the opponents. Still, I loved watching him play
Plus just like in the NBA over the past few years defense has really taken a decline and has let the likes of certain players who aren't really superstars to destory(monte ellis and those of that ilk)  same with soccer but Messi is definitely spectaculdad but had he played a few years ago his dominance wouldn't be what it is.. Love the player hate the way the game is slowly changing to let offense be ungodly pretty.
I say, if Messi was as big as Ronaldinho...
If Messi was as big as Ronaldinho he would in no way be as quick as he is now, and that is a huge part of his game, talent aside.
but when he got that ball....jesus couldn't even stop him
Ronaldinho, in form, was the best ever. Messi is just more consistent (more consistent than anyone, ever). No one could or can do the things Ronny did with the ball.
Definitely not the best ever, but him and Ronaldo and the like, are definitely more exciting to watch.
Even as a Chelsea fan, . is one of my favourite ever. Such a legend.
I miss Eider Gudjohnson 
The first time I saw this goal, I probably watched it thirty more times just to figure out what the heck he just did. 
big toe poke
The trick is to push the ball not kick it.
what?  watch it again
Ronaldinho.
this
I think that's the answer to most things on reddit.
Checks out. 

that HAS to be made into a deal with it GIF.
This is a terrible title. 
"Deal with it" would have been better
I personally would've gone with "look at this guy doing stuff with a soccer ball". 
Deal with it is only meant to be used when glasses drop down. 
It's more self-referential than about the gif.
No shit Sherlock 
This or "seems legit" are applied when they can't think of anything.
See also: gem, doing it right, like a boss.The terrible titles really get to me
Just a guy giving zero fucks doing a gem of a trick level: Boss.
Go outside, do something else, and let go of the petty shit. 
this comment really gets to me. I'm going to sit inside and brood on it.
I do plenty of other things, it's just one of those small things that kinda irk you when you see it...it's not like I cry and throw a fit when I see it, hell I don't even down vote them when I see them.
He'll what?
not upvoting is my way of downvoting
how very . 
Tell my wife... "Hello."
Summer reddit.
Wow, this comments section is a goddamn disaster area.
icanhazgetthefuckout.


no. 
Khal Drogo's dire wolf. 
AWWWWW... IT'S SO C- *.* *.*
 .my breath is so fresh now.
D'aww you better sit before you siphon my soul lil dog baby
Is this where gingers come from?
[deleted]
Silly ., that's gargling. 
So is gurgling like gargling but with a sense of necessity because you're choking on something like a spoon full of mayonnaise? And gargling is when you put fluid in your throat voluntarily? 
From necessity of GETTING ALL THAT BLOOD OUT OF YOUR THROAT.
Better not show this one to any feminists.
Gingers having no souls
[deleted]
I'm going to go out on a limb here and say that you are in your early teens or possibly younger.
Husky's are so fucking creepy sometimes.
This is so funny, I'm glad this is here instead of something like .!
... How old are you, OP?
Thirty-two.  
Clearly 12 or 20 with assburgers 
assburgers....
ass..
burgers...
Asperger's.
Yes I know how it's really spelled, I think the common pronunciation is a joke. 
Yeah, 32 physically, but what about mentally?
I'm a part time physics student and work full time as a postman. What's your point? If you don't like evil eyes husky then don't look at him. Simple, life goes on. 
Get this out of .. This belongs in . or something.
What is this shit?
It's a photo of a puppy, with a text overlay saying that "your soul is my din dins" [sic].
Seriously I almost puked.
And how does this generic husky pup represent Satan? 
i loved it!!!!!!!  wayne, collin and ryan worked together like they were never apart for all those years.  And when Lauren Cohan kicked Wayne i might have injured myself laughing.  However i do truly miss Drew and feel its the only thing missing.  
Stop remaking this show. The British version was the best
The fact that this is one of the best moments from the show doesn't give me much hope of it staying on air again...
Everyone needs to shut the hell up about Drew. Clive Anderson is the one true host of Whose Line. 
I started getting skeptical as to whether or not this was actually improv or it was staged. Am I the only one that saw the twitter hashtag (#bromance) pop up on the tv screen IMMEDIATELY after colin kissed ryan? I mean yeah, I guess they coulda just decided to put it up when they saw colin kiss wayne. Idk, but besides the point, I just hate the whole twitter hashtag thing popping up on my screen in general.
Token White guy 
Is it just me who thinks american comedy is shit?
God, she's a horrible host. .But Colin's still funny and that's what matters.
to Wayne and Colin, 1,000 of our new organic points...same great point, with half the pesticides
one thing that annoyed me...guest stars...they are NOT needed and were over used
I can't be the only person who utterly despises every aspect of this show? imo it's the biggest cringefest known to man. 
What an absolute dick of a repost
Am I the only one who doesn't find this show funny.
Haha cause they're bald.
LANA!.LANAAAAA!.Dangerzone.
Wait, no drew Carey,  Ryan styles or Wayne Brady? 
Even with Drew "laughs-at-everything" Carey gone it's still a pale shade of it's british origin.
Is that basically American Mock the Week?
Where can I find this show? I've been looking everywhere! 
The points that didn't matter weren't awarded until a third of the way through the second episode. My wife and I kept yelling "Welcome to whose line is it anyway, where everything is made up and there are no points awarded!"
I'm not sexist but I would honestly prefer the host at least be a man. I don't think colin, ryan, and wayne will tempt taking an cheap shots at a female host. Cheap shots at drew made some funny episodes. But, i guess we'll see what happens as time goes on.
must've been scripted
Piece of shit video player. 
Good god Aisha Taylor is the worst host they could have chosen for that show. Wanted to cry.
Pardon Aisha, you tell me the points don't matter? WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME BEFORE?
Next you'll tell me its made up or something like that
Anyone else just wanna get friends together and play Scenes from a Hat and shit like that?
Who's the guy in the middle?
does not even work, the video doesn't start and a click on "playback issues?" yields me nothing but the message "this page is not availiable" and a free redirect to the homepage.
The floor/wall section is the greatest addition!
Why no Drew?
welcome to whose line is it anyway, where everything is made up and the points don't matter, thats because i never give any out!
Loved seeing the bald jokes again!
Lana is a good host for this show.
Not sure I care for the new host. She seems too aware of the show formula, when she should seem to be more surprised.  The actors seem funnier if she seems less in on the gag.  I'll wait and see if she grows on me.
Who's Line is amazing! These guys always make me laugh and they work so well together. A few complaints about the new format: using "celebrity guests" instead of random audience members is not as funny and Drew isn't there so Aisha tries WAY to hard to be funny. 
Meh..I got a season pass for it on my Tivo. It's in no way better than the original. Maybe it will get better..And that broad from the Walking Dead. Laura Cohen was fucking terrible. Just fucking terrible..She had one job. Stand there and move your mouth while Colin talked. She just stood there. Awkwardly. Moving her mouth all at the wrong time..One job, bitch!.Stick to killing zombies..Improvisation is not your thing, honey.
Is it just me or did Colin seem to just be sexually harassing everyone the entire show?
I loved having the #Girlwood lady hosting. I hadn't seen her until this year's E3, and she's become my favorite internet person.
I thought the gospel song was the highlight.
Me gusta! 
Horrible "shout out style" host.  Might as well be Arsenio Hall with the jive...
The host is beyond terrible, she drewwww eevvvveryyyy woooorrdddd ouuutttt and said the same thing when coming back from commercials.
WHAT CHANNEL IS THIS ON and WHERE THE HELL HAVE I BEEN?
I kept waiting for Aisha to say, " Yuuup!"
This was the one part of the show where I thought "Oh, that was really staged." They shouldn't say it's all made up on the spot if it isn't :(
I really love to watch this show...But seriously, how many commercial breaks are there ? Isn't it frustrated to be cut every 4 MINUTES just to enjoy a couple of laughs ? It looks like it's a break show from a commercial set !
Is the new guy a comedian or something? I'm always just going to know him from being the black guy in jail from Harold and Kumar. The one who says he has a large penis.
We should made a sub just did these because this is soon going to get out of hand.
I don't know the second episode when Ryan spat popcorn into Kevin McHale's mouth was pretty great
Well fuck me 
ENJOY BOTH EPISODES !!!

Was there more than one episode last night? I caught one with a woman as the guest.
Thank you for posting this! My antenna cut out when she said the clue and I didn't get the joke!
Why did you screenshot her eyes closed?
I'm only half way through the first episode and I already miss drew :(
Did you just say new Whose Line? Where the fuck was I?
I liked the first two episodes.  Aisha needs to get comfortable and some of them were a bit rusty, but nothing bad.  I think it could potentially be as good or better if they find their groove.
I dunno, man. I've watched these new episodes and then some old ones and there's just such a huge difference in quality. Also, Aisha is kinda shrill and way less funny than Drew. I (like a lot of other people, I think) just loved the banter between the guys and Drew (especially Ryan and Collin). And the points don't matter, but HOW don't they matter?! What are the points like?!
But it's just been 2 episodes and it WAS still funny, so I'm definitely not writing it off as bad yet.
Can anyone tell me where I can watch it online? I'm in the UK. Thanks
Where are you watching it?
Is the series available for torrent anywhere? as a aussie i wanna see it (so i can put it on my tablet and take to work)
So glad they're back.
Captain Hair doesn't approve. :/
I'm gonna miss the part where they make fun of Drew, the host. I don't think they'll do that often with the new host.
Wow... I didn't even know it started again. Thank you so much!
How is no one commenting on the fact that Ryan successfully shot a piece of popcorn into that kids mouth
Dont forget the red mat where colin and wayne performed a poltergeist film
I just fucking knew that someone would turn this into a comic.
still at work; tagging this for when i get home
It's the first week, on CW
I got mid way through the second skit, where they introduced some chick from the Walking Dead..The cringe was too strong, couldn't get past it..This really sucks because I've seen every episode of the old show, and loved it. Really sucks that they changed so much.
Some interns job is to come up with hashtags on the spot im sure. It's hard to fake improv with a live audience of that size. 
CW: 
thanks man!
Lol
DVR , I didn't even realize this and everyone has been commenting on that.  DVR or nothing is the way to go.
CW

Wayne's on the far left, ryans still there and Drew isnt the host anymore 
This is an apt analysis of every Whose Line. I have friends that claim to love it but all I see are obvious drunk Mom jokes. When I try to criticize I'm treated like a second class citizen. I don't understand the fandom around aging men making locker room jokes. It's like watching your friends drink at a bar. Everything's comical in context and in the moment. When viewed afterward you feel like you need new friends. 
Comedy is the last thing your should ever be pretentious about.
Yep, I guess so.
I think they will, they're still getting used to each other. In the second episode they already started teasing her a bit, "I was kicked out". I'm pretty sure Drew Carey was the host for 8 years and it took a little while for that rapport to get there. 
I just watch it streaming on .. 
You got downvoted, but you're absolutely correct. They don't have that dynamic with Aisha (maybe just because it's all new, but I think it has more to do with her being a woman and them all being men), and overall, while imo Drew Carey is not funny, Aisha Tyler is cringe-worthy-not-funny. So far, at least.
I agree. Which is why Drew was host. I liked having drew the host because it was kinda like 4 guys drinking in a bar. They make jokes as if no women are around but as soon as a women jumps in, the tone immediately changes. But like i said, I'm gonna give it time. They all may end up warming up together nicely..On another note, this may sound silly but Aisha's laugh really bothered me, lol. Plus, she laughed at like everything, even if it wasnt that funny. Drew's laugh was just flat out contagious. I loved it.
Isohunt has it in HD and not. How I watched it last night in the UK.
In my brief foray into drama in high school we did a bunch of these games when studying improv. Must say it is the best fun ever when you have the right group of people
Uncle Ruckus.also, he was the guest
Welcome to the United States. Where profit trumps all other considerations.
How unfortunate.  Have an upvote.
You're so right. It really just seems like its soul is gone, and she is just there to keep things going. Drew really sold it; she seems fake. Also no musicians? Wtf. Well see, but without Drew I don't see this going too much farther. Yes it's still funny, but funny in the sense of, oh nice joke, next. This won't leave a lasting impression on people like those 8 seasons before.  
Absolutely true, she's not really into it, it would appear. Ah well, I can watch all the 8 previous seasons a million times and still laugh.
Exactly! Wayne's bus song makes me cry every time. 
A part I just remembered was with Greatest Hits when Collin says: 'We'll return shortly to the Wrong Emphasis production of 'What? Has LOVE got to do with it?!'
Hahaha too great. Serious genius these guys have. DUUUUUST STORRMM
Agreed. I never liked Drew Carey as the host and didn't find him funny at all, but seeing Aisha do it makes me realize Drew was actually a relatively good host.
You're British, man! You should miss Clive!
I miss Clive. I disliked that Drew Carey played some of the games. The host should host!
I disagree completely, I love that Drew got involved. Would be really interested in seeing Aisha get involved in future episodes. 
But...but Clive was awful! 
I love it when people use "shrill" to describe a woman they don't like. It's like the misogynist's de facto criticism. What sane person would call Aisha Tyler's voice "high-pitched or piercing"
I personally believe she's loud and shrill and has a shrieking laugh. Listen to the way she shouts the intro. Mind telling me why my very personal experience of that woman's voice is wrong? And how in god's name does that make me a misogynist? And while you're at it, please point out where in my comment is said I don't LIKE her. She's no Drew Carey, was my only point. As a comedienne and actress, I love her. She's so great and hilarious (as a voice) on Archer. So yeah.
Too lazy to look through it. I was at this taping. Did they include the bit where audience members make sound effects for them? If so, I'm not one of the audience chosen, I was sitting next to one. If the editors did their job poorly, you can see my expression go from blank to faux-excited to see that I'm on camera.
And what's odd is that the ratio wasn't actually that much worse than normal shows; it's just that they spread them out so much more over the course of the show.  Rather than having maybe 8 commercials after 10 minutes of show, they had 2 commercials every 3 minutes.
get the media hint addon and then watch it on the official site.
I can't recommend this enough. It's allowed me to watch the Daily Show and Netflix. 

Yeah the new girl Aisha or whatever her name is just tries to be funny but i don't like her at all.
It was a 2 parter. The 2nd guest was an actor from Glee. I watched both episodes ..
Yeah, watching the first episode now.
yeah, i think the guest stars got more screen/game-time than the 4th cast member did in both of the first two episodes.
Who's Line

do you TV?
na
The shows weren't aired live.  CW had time to watch the final product and then put the hashtag graphic on before it went to air.
so multicultural (black)
I disagree: one of the best moments was when this was . . a whole 13 hours before . got around to it.
Completely different subreddit, cross posting is OK. Not everyone visits that subreddit.
Wayne Brady looks like he's gonna have to slap a bitch.
Mr. Moseby, is that you?
MASNSJDNDNA ASNJA.RAWRASDAMSKCJAKJ
It's just not the same... DREW COME BACK, THIS NEW HOST SUCKS
First of all Aisha Tyler is hot as hell!
Secondly, Dangerzone!
Hahaha, the show, like many others, is recorded then edited, then aired. They've probably already wrapped up taping for the season, you aren't watching in real time.
HOLY SHIT WHEN DID DREW CAREY BECOME A HOT BLACK WOMAN
Check ThePirateBay for a torrent. Also, . has every episode available to watch.

These things aren't aired live...
that's actually a good point and probably explains it. 
TIL Reddit never actually watched this show in the past. This was terrible. Aisha Tyler just didn't have the magic Drew Carey did. More like Who's Commercial is it Anyway?
You mean the most predictable and set up joke you could possibly imagine?
What the hell is a "hair commercial", anyway?
Bald jokes in Whose Line are less predictable, more "Staple of the series"
Am I the only one who thinks the whole "bald" thing is a little played out on Whose Line? Don't mean to be a killjoy, but this one seems like an obvious setup.
All of whose line is utterly played out. It's not a "bad" show but it certainly isn't hard comedy to pull off. Short form improv is like a magic trick and these guys have been doing it for a long time (especially with each other). The majority of reddit is at the age where this show meant a lot to them when they were kids so most haven't taken off their rose tinted glasses. 
You picked the absolute worst picture to use of her face. Why?
Although I'm not a fan of the new host, that new sideways skit shows that it's still going to be just as hilarious. 
Full episode already up on the legit site: 
Not available to people outside the U.S. - see this is why we pirate, we WANT to give you our money and you say "No! Go away, you dirty Brits!"
Get an American VPN. I have a British one so I can actually watch shows from the BBC.
We didn't fight a revolutionary war just to let you watch our television shows without the hassle of piracy.
Just go to whoselineonline.org, every season, every episode.
That is somewhat broken, the new 56.com link overlay thing messes with it.
Oh, for me it just takes a little while to load the player, but after that it's smooth sailins!
Any you can recommend?
You can use a browser extension called MediaHint to preview these kind of things :)  , I myself use it in order to listen to Pandora Redia.
Chrome Link: 
this makes me feel better about pirating it.
I think it's more like...a tradition.  A heritage.  A culture.  A state of mind.
A bell-curve.
I laughed so hard during both episodes, like real laugh. I choked a few times. This show is just as good as it was back in the day. I'm so happy it's back and they didn't ruin it. Fuck Aisha Tyler is a perfect host, she was hilarious..Also: Drunk History, my god that show is fucking funny.

Drunk History is easily one of my new favorite shows. 
"That's right the points don't matter like...
...Conversations at a strip club
...Any career you can get with a liberal arts degree
...The talent portion of a beauty contest
...What your girlfriend says when the game is on."
-Drew Carey.WHERE WERE THE SIMILES AISHA??
Actually, I kind of respect the fact that she's not doing them. The similes were Drew's thing. The minute she was announced as the host, everyone was already comparing her to Drew. Everyone knows she isn't Drew, and she's doing a good job not trying to be. On the second episode, she changed the "Let's have some fun" line too.
If she can find her own shtick, I think that'd be better than her just trying to be Black Female Drew.
Ya but the "lets make stuff up" line was just...eh...
Welcome to whose line is it anyway! Where everything is made up and the points don't matter! That's right, the points are like up-votes on Reddit.
THEN WHAT AM I DOING WITH MY LIFE
At least they don't fake cancer for meaningless points.
Pretty sure they have in some of their previous skits...
All I have is food...WAIT THESE ARE PILLS!!! #%*$!!!!
I thought it was really strange that those girls let them have the bags.  I'd have at least taken out things like my glasses, wallet, and cell-phone.  
I was there for this taping and it was even better in person.   I enjoy them all, but Ryan is the best mainly because he is funny even when they arn't taping. 
Yeah I would think so, Ryan is funny in everything he does. Also, was it actually cold in the studio, and is it just me or was Ryan NOT wearing really fancy shoes?
Wasn't that bad in the studio if I remember right, but I am not a good judge of temp since I adapt pretty well.    Ryan was not wearing flashy shoes on the taping I was at.   
I loved it when he put on the glasses.  "Oh wait, these are regular glasses--WOW!"  Cue him having to refocus back to normal vision.
Definitely not the same without Drew.
For some reason the original one (BBC) version is who I liked. 
I absolutely love the UK version. I grew up loving the Drew version, but ever since discovering that I can watch the UK version on youtube I've been watching the shit out of them. Much prefer Clive Anderson over Drew Carey. That being said, I still love the Drew version.
My sentiments exactly.
Not the same at all. Much worse....The entire comedy of the show is gone, but that's just my opinion.
Aisha doesn't even make up funny lines to say what the points are like. She just does this awkward transition from "Welcome to Whose Line is it Anyway, where the points don't matter. Our first skit..." 
If she can come up with her own thing, rather than copying Drew, I think that'd be even better.
This was my only critique of her. The joke of how meaningless the points are is one of the staples of the show, and I felt it was a very strange omission..Edit: omission der devil
The points are even more meaningless when she doesn't award any. 
I'm assuming you meant omission--but yes! I did not realize how much it would bug me by her not saying anything related to the meaningless points. And she's just so awkward with her timing and phrasing when awarding points. .I miss Drew. Baby come back...
Wtf. I blame autocorrect
Meh, even Drew was pretty awkward his first season. I'll give her a chance to warrm up.
Yup, these things take time.
She awarded points in both episodes. I've heard people complain that she didn't do it often but remember that (a) Drew didn't do it all the time and (b) we don't see the full show.
I agree, but she should drop the points don't matter line if she doesn't actually give points out.
His ridiculous laughter can't be replaced. I'm gunna miss the hoe downs of him not saying anything from laughing while Colin sat there with his face. 
Good try.
"Meow."
I think I just miss the fantastic banter between the performers and Drew. One of the highlights of the old show was the relationship between the five of them, especially with Drew, Colin and Ryan always poking fun at each other..But still, it's been two episodes, I'm willing to wait it out. I'm certainly not going to judge the quality of a whole new season based on the first episodes with a new host on a new station.
I find it odd that the Drew version is considered the "old show" when for me the "old show" was the UK original. The Drew version for me is the news show, and the newest version is well... The newest show lol. I still prefer Clive over Drew and the new host, but then again I prefer British humor so...
Jimmy Carr would give him a run for his money. 
I would LOVE to see Jimmy Carr take on these guys.
Jimmy Carr is a . though. He really only has two voices, his posh Londoner voice, and his posh Londoner trying to impersonate a northerner voice.
Yeah but he has a bitingly sharp wit and is very quick on his feet. Have you ever seen him respond to hecklers? Lightning fast thinker.
Agreed.  And I'd much rather have someone with a fast wit on an improv show.
"Bad things to say when you're running for office."."...I don't, uh, I don't care about that 47%!".I think I figured out Ryan's political views
Well you could it was bad to say politically whether you supported Romney or not.
Don't dog on your own party members? Most of that 47% Romney attacked . (maybe were is the better word here) Republicans.
I doubt he completely changed their political opinions, but otherwise you're probably right.
Drew Carey looks different.
Did he get a tan?
Aisha sounds like a news anchor the way she hosts.
You nailed it. I felt kinda like Oprah was introducing improv skits..
Yeah she should totally upgrade to Japanese news anchor....I'd improvise that. 
I kind of want to bang drew carey
New Carey
I think I prefer old Carey, but either would do.
I thought Drew Carew was going to be irreplaceable, but Aisha did a great job pushing the buttons, laughing, and giving points.
Her dancing in the commercial made it skeptical. Made me want to see it less but now I want to see it even more. Thanks for reassuring me. 
She forgot to give/add points tho..but I guess since she's not going on stage, there's no point;D?
Upvoted for the satire on Drew's job and subtle attitude towards the new host. 
[deleted]
She gave me 
Also referred to as a ladyboner. See 
Dude she did nothing wrong. She was fine.
Don't get me wrong, I have nothing wrong with her, but she isn't as charismatic as Drew was. 
I personally thought she was going to be the immediate downfall as I hated her for ruining Talk Soup but she did an excellent job in the first two episodes. I love Whose Line and The Drew Carey Show but have never really been a fan of Drew Carey. I personally preferred Clive out of the two.
I thought Talk Soup was ruined before she got there.
No one can replace Drew Carey! YOU HEAR ME! NOONE!!
And he couldn't replace Clive Anderson.
Eh, no one really said that. Clive Anderson took himself too seriously.
First you say no one can replace him then you say Noone can replace him. Well, which is it young feller? No one or Noone?

No, I was calling you Noone. The general in the Philippine War that replaced General Barid, costing the US many lives..Believe it bitch.
Noonien can replace Drew, you hear me?
Funny, I had figured you meant Peter Noone, damn these silly little mix-ups!
Khan Noonien Singh wouldn't  have time, what with being a genetically engineered badass who is also a bit of a prick....and fictional.
I was not so much impressed by the "special guests" i much preferred it being the audience as the guest. It felt more real and had humorous outcomes that way.
Probably more issues now-a-days with lawsuits. You know some bitch that got picked would be all pissy if they made a joke that could be taken as making fun of her.
I disagree, I thought that the audience members generally produce mediocre results. They're not improv actors, so they normally aren't that funny.
It is less about the audience actually producing their own material and more about the members having to think on their feet a lot more. This gave quite a few humorous results. As others pointed out that a lot of the content with the guests became centered around the shows they were in. Also the helping hands one though funny that he caught it in his mouth should not have been the guest but instead the 4th panel member. 
I hope they don't do this for every episode... Like someone said I like when they used the audience 
I figured as much as well, but still it is a shame. I mean improvisation has always had audience participation. If you go to a live improv show you will sure as hell expect to see audience participate.
Yeah, I hate the societal attitude of suing a company for any tiny thing they may do wrong towards you. I mean seriously, get the fuck over it and stop being a greedy cunt.
I really hope they did that just for the premier. Because having that shit every episode would kill the joy every time it happened.
They're trying to drum up new audience to keep the shows ratings so the old fans can enjoy it. 
I was just upset because having the "special guest celebrity" kinda defeated the whole purpose of having the fourth improv-er there anyways..Also, there was like no audience input (except scenes from a hat and the purse one), so that kinda made it seem a little more staged. Also disappointing that the host doesn't join in.EDIT: Gary from the first episode was in a total of 2 games the entire episode, and it was games with everyone (Dating Game and Scenes from a Hat). Heather was also in two (Scenes from a hat and Sideways)
Yeah, if they're going to have a special guest involved that often, just make them the fourth guest.  I feel like they could have had Kevin McHale at least be the fourth.
Seriously..Also, I noticed Aisha doesn't give points out as much, and so far, both episodes ended with "You all win!".
That is one thing I hope she does eventually copy Drew on; I want to see her improvise, dangit!
the reason it felt weird to me is because it broke the illusion a bit that everything is being made up on the spot. instead of taking random suggestions from the audience they had to cater the skits to the guests' shows. i doubt the performers had anything prepared, but it felt like it took away from the spontaneity a bit. also the timing in both shows was a bit slow, i expect that'll probably get better as the shows go on.
Yeah, it's kind of a pain to have some generic celebrity.  Was way more interesting when they had to think on their feet and go on and on about some random guy or girl who was, say, a janitor.  The "Special Celebrity Guest" kinda kills the whole improv thing when the jokes are blatantly going to revolve around whatever show they're from.
I agree. The 'Special Celebrity Guest' thing kind of kills itself though. It doesn't make sense if the celebrity guest is in more skits than the fourth guest..It's also not special if there's going to be a celebrity in . episode that is going to be in half the scenes. The show seems shorter to me, on that note..You have three solid cast members, with a fourth generally a hit, but sometimes a miss. Why add another liability to the show? I think Lauren was pretty meh, but Kevin would have been a great fourth, especially for a duet with Wayne to an audience member..That said, I'm looking forward to the first hoedown.
I agree with the girl from the Walking Dead, but the kid from Glee worked out pretty well. The gospel improv was probably the best I'd ever seen of that game.
I was hoping they'd show off his singing abilities more.
The girl from the Walking Dead's performance was about how much the audience usually contributes.  If they can have the same awkwardness while making some money for the show, I'm fine with it.
A fair point well made. I'm not saying it actively detracted, per se; it just felt somewhat less spontaneous to me because they're so clearly drawing on the Walking Dead..Part of it is probably just that the other episode just ended up working a little better, in my eyes.
That's definitely true; the second one was a bit better.  And yeah, hopefully the first skit won't always be Dubbing with special guest star-themed premise.
I'm watching the first episode right now and I thought it was hilarious when she kicked Wayne over.Edit:Ok now I know what you mean Kevin has alot more life than Lauren did
The 4th guy's reaction was funny.  "I think they kill real zombies in that show!"
I think that guy's name was Gary something.  I felt pretty sorry for him.  He hardly got to be in any games, but he was good when they used him. 
, not very well known, but then none of them are very well known outside of Whose Line and the Drew Carey Show.
I recognize him from Boston Legal. I thought that show was well known.
Hm.  Didn't know he was in that.  So I guess he's better known than I thought.  Personally, I don't watch any crime/court shows, except for ones with a comedic element like Psych.
Moh moh moh moh mohhhhhhhhh. Mohhhhhhhhhh
You sound like an old Canadian!
"I've seen your work with the old Canadian choir"
That gospel improve was seriously impressive and that kid from Glee was way better at mouthing those words than the other guest.          
And that catch! What a trooper!
"#NiceCatchKevin"
God damn hash tags in god damn TV shows. God dammit get off my lawn. 
"#drmrpepperpibblawnparty"
'#illfuckingstabyoujuanzy'. Ah crap, I'm doing it now too! Damn you kiiiiiids!!
This is why I will no longer be watching this show.
Oh boo hoo, they're trying to incorporate social media and engage their audience in a way that doesn't intrude, interrupt, or take away from the show in anyway..Woe is me.Signed,
It really is distracting and a constant reminder of how stupid Twitter and its users are.
Except it does take your attention away from the show, and it keeps the joke non-organic by forcing it out into the social media. Internet memes do not work by force, they work organically (like most of the best jokes do). Having a tag pop up on screen takes your attention away from the characters, even if it is only for a brief moment, which ruins the fluidity of the jokes that come with it.
Sideways Scenes or whatever it was, was by far the best part and a good sign that they're actually going to try new things and not just hope the old magic is there.  Also, I miss Drew Carey.
Maybe it's just me, but I feel like they are also getting away with some more adult themed jokes on CW. Especially during the "Things you would say about you're shoes but not about your girlfriend" comes to mind.
I think that might just be the era. U.S. TV's gotten a lot more permissible in the last decade.
Things you could say about your _______ but not your girlfriend has been used several times on whoseline though. Here you go: 
It was a game that i have seen Colin and Brad Sherwood perform on . which was really good.
I hate you so much for bringing that to my attention. It is 2 AM and I was planning on going to bed. Now I am going to be up all night in anticipation of watching it tomorrow morning.
Let us know if you had fun crying. I watched this at 3am when I first noticed it a few months back. Woke up the house.
Amazing. Best use of my time today. That last scene had me in tears!
Drew doesn't belong on the price is right, who's line is his calling.
Hey man, Drew is a great host for The Price is Right.
probably contractual issues, would be awesome if he could at least be a special guest for an episode though
Whose Line*
I still think Drew was better because everyone would mess with him. No one took a chance to mess with her a little. Also, did anyone else feel like there were quite a few commercials compared to the number of skits?

I'm affraid if they do make fun of her. The way society is nowadays. racist!!!
Yeah, because they don't make jokes about Wayne Brady or anything. /s
I'm waiting for the bald jokes to come out in full force towards Wayne.  There was one with the purse game, which I appreciated (and it had a hilarious accidental moment with Ryan trying on prescription glasses)
Well, can't really blame Aisha for that. They did make fun of her for saying "kicked out" though :P.There were a lot of commercial breaks, but the run time of the show was the same. I guess the commercials were shorter?
So... Anyone know why Drew Carey isn't hosting this?
Probably because he's doing Price is Right.
4 words: The Price is Right.
sub 21 minute run time.
20:49 to be precise.
Yeah, I gotta say I really think Aisha was a really shitty host. She is being really professional and explaining things so much and kept benching the same person each skit. I would chalk it up to being new, but this isn't CNN its Whose Line, have fun and be bubbly...
He's still contracted to be a daily shitty version of Bob Barker.
Hey, most of us hold two jobs, no reason for him to slack off.
And she only awarded points once the entire hour! :(
It's okay, man!
So you're complaining about points on a show where the points don't matter?
I found this really weird, coming back from adverts she always said 'and the points don't matter'
And I'm just sitting there trying to remember at what point there was any points awarded(except the 5000 to everyone)and I don't think a winner was announced? Maybe I just missed most of those parts
One thing I didn't like even about the version with Drew was they they explicitly came out and said that the point don't matter. That was part of the joke of the UK version, don't explain the joke! .Now it's just plain strange about how she repeats over and over that the points don't matter, but there aren't even fake points being awarded! 
Twice, which is pretty much how often drew did.
Drew awarded points after every single skit.
My only complaint was that they took out the audience participation.  They didn't make the suggestions, and they were all planned.  That sort of takes out the organic feel and the possibility for much more hilarious randomness when the skits aren't written by a single writer.
They said scenes from a hat were audience suggestions and what's in the bag obviously involved the audience. Not every game in the old series involved stuff from the audience either.
i think its because they wanted to keep the first two episodes without too much incident, and to get some press talk with using some famous people. So to ensure that the show gets enough publicity and doesn't get scrapped from the getgo again..We dont know if every episode will have a celeb, could just have been return of the show special episodes.
The title of each episode is named after that show's celebrity guest so it looks like they're in every episode for at least this season.
They will have a celeb each show at least for the first season. I wouldn't be surprised if they aren't getting some advertising money from it either. My only gripe is, if they are going to use a celeb as much as they are you might as well have them as the fourth guest. Watching them leave and come back multiple times is just silly.
improv comedy isnt something that just anyone can do. And you cant expect comedy from non-comedians. Its better if they come for these few segments than they try to do something they don't know..I mean look at how the audience acts during those voiceovers sketches and such, msot of them are like UHHHHH for 20 seconds.
Agreed, and it's to the detriment of the . fourth guest.  Didn't they bring in Kevin McHale for one skit, send him out, then go to commercial, then . for the very next one after they came back?
You are correct that it isn't something anyone can do. Which is why a good majority of the skits tend to leave out the 4th guest. They can do that exact same thing with the celeb guest and just ask him what he would be comfortable doing. It's also why the show feels a little weird at the moment since in reality they have TWO guests for a ~20 minute show..I have faith with Aisha at the helm that the show will get better and the format will improve.
Yes THIS. I don't know, maybe I'll be downvoted to hell for this but I was sorely disappointed in the entire show. There were probably 3-5 minutes of actual skits between the dozens of commercials. I would bet that if you TiVo'ed the entire thing you'd probably have <20 minutes of actual airtime for all the damn commercials. I love these guys and I've always loved this show in the past, but the host just didn't do it for me and the whole thing with guests coming and going for every skit was annoying. It just seemed terribly overly directed. I hope they pick it up and make it better because I want to watch more, but I gave up after the first half hour..Edit: Really? Okay OP's post wasn't the best and I expected some downvotes but damn, that many Aisha Tyler fans? You can't be serious. You guys really thought this premier was that good? 
The episodes and skits were short, the show could have been run better, but considering all that and how they are trying to bring back such a classic show, all the content was of top quality and the three main cast hardly seemed like they had ever left. I don't think Aisha put a foot wrong, except when she possibly almost tripped over at the start of ep 2 I think it was? Haha......
Episode runtime is 20:50.
a minute shorter than a normal show, but really nothing to be too upset about.
Yeah, I guess it wasn't the entire length that got on my nerves, just the fact that there would be one ~3 minute skit then a commercial break immediately afterward. I just can't sit through that many.
You got 3 downvotes. None from me by the way. .And yeah, the premier was funny. It will never be the same as it was. I don't think the additions make anything less funny or worse, just different..Edit: the commercials are a very valid complaint  
More commercials, more hashtags.
Those hashtags almost ruined it for me.. The worst one was after the guest star caught a piece of popcorn in his mouth. It was really funny but instantly after poped up #GuestStarCatchesPopcornThatWasPreviouslyInRyansMouth
or something along those lines.. The actual episode was great though, regardless of those stupid, stupid hashtags...
I actually thought that massive absurd hash tag was hilarious. There were a few pretty funny hash tags, like they were fucking around with them..Edit I'm an idiot and misremembered. Blame booze.  
#WayneGoneGospel was pretty bad as well. I agree that it almost ruined it, I cringed every time one of them popped up. 
The tag was "#NiceCatchKevin" as far as I remember.  .It pissed me off too.  I thought that the catch was very impressive and funny right up until the point they started praising themselves.  Just another example of tv people not understanding how viral internet culture works.
Lol that's what it was, thanks.
Maybe the hashtags were used in an ironic way, mocking the current twitter thing?
Yours was nice too though.
The hashtags were dreadful. Yes. But I don't see how it "ruined it"...
This is what I don't get.  There have been two episodes and the sound of griping fans is already deafening..My favorite show was just brought back from the dead.  It will take more than a new host (who, by the way, is genuinely funny and super quick-witted), twitter hashtags, more commercials, and B-list celebs to "ruin it" for me.  I was still cracking up the entire time.
It's like patting yourself on the back for telling a good joke. The joke itself remains funny, but if the joke is part of larger thing, like a stand-up act or a TV show, it just dampens the spirit and feel with something as completely lame as a hashtag.
A bit true.  However, if all they do is the ones at the beginning of skits, and ones like during the first skit "#Bromance," that'd be good.  Basically, they should be just extra jokes in and of themselves, not "Hey look at that joke that just happened."
Give it time for them to build a rapport.
According to this:
.Mochrie said the cast spent a few of the tapings being nice to Aisha. Don't worry though, Mochrie also said they "made fun of her mercilessly" towards the end.
They just didn't want to enrage her and get put into the danger zone.
.... LANAAAAAAAAAAAAA
They were probably afraid of her hands.
Lana.
Yep, that's the reference.
Oh thank god, I was so worried about getting it wrong. 

The carnival skit had me in tears.
thx lauren cohan
Gonna watch these when i get home.
How many episodes are there in this season? Hope there are more than 30 like some of the previous ones.
I really want to thank you and buy you reddit gold. But I'm broke. So I wrote this for you. I hope you like it. 
it... it works in canada! what a wonderful day!
4 minutes in, old men kissing..Yup, Whose Line is back.
I love you.
Thank you. Thankyouthankyouthankyou! If I had gold to give, you would get it!  But at least you know you'll have my unending appreciation.
Awesome. 
It also works without an us proxy :D
Danke Schone.
*schn
I love that these are online and view able on their site this quick..I actually enjoy being able to give the network their add revenue and watch the show when it's convenient for me without having to mess around with DVR or anything.
I'm really glad you put this up, but it was awkward cuz every time it went to commercial all my mirth was obliterated staring at the paraplegic kid with the visibly upset mother.  Not sure how to feel lol.
"Authorization Required.This server could not verify that you are authorized to access the document you requested. Either you supplied the wrong credentials (e.g., bad password), or your browser doesn't understand how to supply the credentials required."
I really hate her voice :/

Holy shit that scene where they are laying on the floor had me in stitches. 
you win the internet today, thank you :)
Commenting to save this. No RES. :(
I feel it wouldn't of been hard to google, whose line is it anyway CW.....but whatever sinks your submarine.... 
I can either save a direct link on the site I'm on +8 hours a day or try googling it and play around with several links. It's seconds versus minutes.
To be fair, I tried googling it yesterday for some friends who didn't realize it was back, and couldn't find anything. 
for some reason my DVR didn't pick it up, so I thank you good sir for this
thank you good sir
Don't mind me, commenting so I can watch it later when I'm not on my phone.
commenting to save this, res has screwed up for some reason
Ignore me. Just commenting to save this.

Well... Thanks now my night is wasted!
Holy shit, 4 adverts for a 20 minute show. How do you americans even live?
Fat. .We live fat.
Speak for yourself tubby.
sickbeard
Usenet..Torrents.
Adblock. 
Can't adblock a tv.
Hence why TV is losing viewers to the Internet. 
Yeah but with TV, you can watch the shows when they first come out. 
You're nave if you don't think that's possible on the Internet as well. In fact, thanks to the cable and satellite companies time delaying everything for the west coast, often times I get to see a show over the Internet  . it airs on TV. 
I don't watch TV on a TV. Plus we're talking about a video on the CW website. 
DVR and FF
How am I supposed to watch when there's no video player? Just empty space :S
disable adblock, maybe?
Edit: yeah it's definitely not adblock, just watched the first episode with it on.
No tv show is worth . much.
I actually did that before I made the post, in order to sound like less of an idiot :P
It's not adblock.
I have the same problem
It's blocked to Canadians... and everyone else 'cept America I think. Use a VPN.
Aanndd it's down.... 
It's the network's site... it won't go down.
You underestimate millions of Redditors... This is 6th on the front page.

I kinda feel bad for the big guy in the first episode. He barely got to participate. 
They do enormous tapings. I bet we see more in later eps.
I knew Drew Carey lost weight but...
Australia here, had the same problem. Downloaded . and it worked no problem.
Didn't work for me. I'm Aussie too. I accessed it before and told me I couldn't access from this location.
Thank you so much!!
Like a glove. Thank you.
Thanks a lot!
Dude, this is awesome! Thank you!
thanks bro
I love you.
Holy shit, I can . unhear Lana
lord i know
Probably doesn't help that I have been rewatching Archer since her AMA. 

What's with the lead hand on the buzzer... lighten up, ..

You're welcome guys
I love you.
Thanks! The other one didn't work for me
beautiful. thank you!

Lando ?

That's clearly will smith.
Harvey Dent
Can we trust him
The best part of those is that there was no large ceremony with the return. Just the same start they always had, and right back to the skits like nothing happened except a host change.

Yeah, about that, why was their a host change? I honestly don't know.
The price is right
He's the host of it now?
Drew Carey is busy hosting the Price is Right, yes. Apparently he and Aisha are friends, according to her AMA.
Ok
It's for when they play it 1000x on Dave.
I found it odd there wasn't any acknowledgement of any kind. The host didn't even introduce herself besides her name. I didn't get myself into the show enough to enjoy the first skit because I kept waiting for it.
I was hoping they would bring Drew back and "hand over the mic" so-to-speak. Or as a guest star for a skit or 2. That would be magical. Especially since the cast can't make fun of his weight anymore. I'd love to see what they would come up with.
This is what you do if you plan on making money off of syndication. .No point making a big deal of the return or introducing everyone when this episode most likely is going to be seen out of order many times in the future..Syndication btw is where a show like this is going to make a lot of its money. You sell it off (just the right to air it) to TV stations across the globe who are you going to rerun it again and again because people enjoy comedy. .This is the difference between episodic shows (like this) and shows like Game of Thrones. .A show like Game of Thrones doesn't have much worth for syndication because you really need to see not only all the episodes but they need to be in order. 
Apart from the odd inclusion of a "star" from some current TV show, instead of using audience members. Not sure I'm keen on that change. Plus, how many goddamn adverts America! Half the show is Aisha saying "don't go away" and "welcome back"!
I think the reason they did that was to generate some press. I'm sure that after a few episodes at the most they'll go back to good old audience members.
And every time they came back she said "the points don't matter," but she rarely gave out any points.  And the "star" had to run back and forth from being backstage and got just as much time on stage as the 4th person.
the guy from glee was a pretty good guest. imo
Half the show is Aisha saying "don't go away" and "welcome back"!.That's how I always feel watching the Chappelle's show.
That was a bit more adverts than usual. 
The chick guest drop kicking Wayne was quite funny.
Make no mistake, even this is unusual for American television. There's usually not that many commercials.
Simpsons was as bad. I counted 15 commercials every break.
It's usual for the CW and network TV.
I think rather than the ratio of commercial to show, it's how long they would go without commercials.  Most shows I think would have maybe 1 break every 10 minutes, lasting about 4 minutes per break, so twice per half hour.  I'm pretty sure they went to commercial at least twice that much with Whose Line.
That happened in the old one at least once with Richard Simmons. 
And lassie.  And Sid Caesar    And some athlete. There were tons of guest stars
I remember one old episode where Colin was a super hero who's only ability was that he could grow hair. Captain hair. 
And Stephen Colbert
It has happened numerous times. They used to do it pretty often.
And Robin Williams. 
And Sid Casear.
There's a slight difference. Richard Simmons, David Hasselhoff, and a couple others were special guests that came out and participated in the easy games. Robin Williams, Whoopi Goldberg, and Stephen Colbert were all actually the fourth performer..I figure in the latter case, they were already accomplished comedians and could hold their own in the improv, while the others were just there for the publicity.
And a Hugh Hefner and a couple Playboy bunnies.
Seriously?  I don't remember that one

That was a classic episode though.
Richard Simmons was quite... unforgettable as well. 
"."
I cringed through his whole appearance, laughing my ass off. I think I busted something at that line. 
Oh, you busted something at Richard Simmons, alright.
"I'll be . the props for these men!"
The skit where they laid down and acted out the scene as if they were standing up (i forget what it's called, but Wayne Brady was all Poltergeist on the wall) was one of the funniest things I've seen in ages.
When did Wayne Brady go bald?
When Colin was "sprinting" to the bed... rofl.
I couldn't contain myself during that.  Watching the try to walk was the funniest thing I've seen in years.
Assassin Wayne Brady descending from the attic was my favorite moment of the whole night. 
I was DYING
That was amazing, especially when they switched to Poltergeist. I'm amazed at how good this revival was.
I have never laughed harder at a tv show during this skit.
I lost my shit. that was a great skit..Although scenes from a hat is great 
The same idea was used in a British show called Fast and Loose, also by Dan Patterson. The show also featured Wayne Brady and he was brilliant at it on there too.
But Colin was James Bond. Everyone knows Colin is always the girl. Stick to the script people, stick to the script.
The Poltergeist sequence was the funniest thing in the first two episodes.

 
That was the best of the whole night.
'Sideways Scene' Colin said in hid AMA it would be a crowd favorite
I nearly shit myself. Wayne's little poltergeist crawl up the wall drove me off the wall with laughter. It was like exactly what you see in a horror movie, but it was . That should happen more often.
I was tripping when colin fell down into a handstand. Very happy with the new whos line!!
Oh god that was amazing. I lost it as soon as the girl flew at the ceiling. 
Sideways. Great addition to their sketch list, though nothing beats Props.
I couldn't agree with you more. Felt like they didn't do that one enough.
it was there in trust us with your life...(youtube it,i heard there are full episodes there)
*Proops
I think they took that from a UK show called Fast and Loose, also created by Dan Patterson (the guy who created Whose Line, though I'm not sure if he's still involved with the US version).
Colin & Brad (.) did this as well in their special. Obviously everyone uses ideas from previous things so it could have very well come to them from Fast and Loose..I love the skit.
Regardless of where it came from, its genius.
Agreed!
"Marilyn Monroe's boobs!"
Colin and Brad Sherwood had a touring improv show a few years ago, and Sideways was one of the featured games. 'Twas great.
Scenes from a hat has got to be the top of the top though.
I like Sound FX better
I think they linger too long on some of the scenes. Scenes from a hat is usually best when done more rapid-fire with just 1 or 2 done before moving on to a new scene from the hat. 
Sound Effects and the half of Song Styles (when Colin and Ryan banter) are better.
I also like party guests. The one where Ryan was a baby deer had me in stitches.
I do miss the 'murica hat though
Indeed, it's so good that the show creators used it again for Mock the Week, just renamed 
Thankyou for this... I have a flight tomorrow and downloading these will make the time go a bit faster
Holy shit he deleted his account.
The state accepts him as an alchemist!
In the game of titles, you lost. 
Ya take one down kick it around 3 more legs til the chair comes down ! 
I'm more impressed about how he kept his centre of gravity. 
Extremely staged. But good point. 

Staged gg no re
And the dude had his feet on a skateboard.  This would have been too perfect.
Would've been nice if it had went up his ass too.
I don't know why you break a perfectly good chair.
that's what you get asshole! 
up-vote for GOT reference 
The funny thing is, the one losing is the guy in the chair because he owns a longboard.
TIL how far people will rage about a repost

Today's lesson: Weight distribution. 
What the fuck did that kid hope to accomplish by kicking one tiny leg of a plastic chair in which sits a 180 lb man.
My friends and me like to call this insta-karma..By friends I of course mean the sock pockets in my computer desk drawer.
Looks fake, the guy looks straight at the camera and then away when the kid's about to kick his chair.
longboard saves the day.
I'm sharing this with it's proper Community!
My friend tried to do that to another friend of mine. He kicked the leg out, but the guy in the chair didn't fall, and then ended up kicking me in the face with his follow-through. 
Longboard!
so the kicker was going to fall regardless of the the chairman falling over or not. Which means that guy in the chair could have potentially landed on the kickers head if he did fall over.  potential double backfire
He was in the Justice Zone.
twist, he is levitating ever so slightly off the chair
A "Deal with it." rendition of this gif would be amazing.
If I didn't go ahead and read the reviews before voting this would have definitely been an upvote.
I thought it was about doing good?
What does the god of karma say to him? Not today.
where are the downvote GIFs?
ITT: OP is a massive cock-sucking faggot.
I want to thank OP for commenting so much in this thread it let me downvote him way more this way
I have the same longboard!
Something something, OP is a faggot, etc.
Nice longboard.
My re-post cherry is popped!!!!!!! 
In the game of reposts, the title is key.
And the most reposted content award goes to...
Old repost. 
Three points define a plane, dick. One of my college math professors went on a whole rant one day that all tables and chairs should have only 3 legs because then they wouldn't ever wobble..EDIT: To . the . person poking holes in his theories, I understand. I'm an engineer. He was a mathematician. 4 is clearly better..EDIT: To the guy calling me out on my first edit, I am deeply sorry. I should proofread more.
riiight...
There's only one guy poking holes in your theory.
It's called a stool.
There is more than one guy calling you out on your first edit. Please amend accordingly.
It's true it wouldn't wobble, but it definitely wouldn't be as stable as something with 4.  ..
That is one top-gear clip that has never failed to get old.
I love this video so much.
I crack up every time that thing flips over. No matter how many times Ive seen it.
Three wheels with one wheel in the front is incredibly unstable, but three wheels with one wheel in the back is actually very stable. 
That is my favourite bit from that show and always shall be....
[deleted]
OP is a lying sack of shit. .Get fucked OP, didn't have to lie out your ass, you got caught reposting. Own it.
Honestly, this really only makes a difference to you.
you mean OP has dicks in his mouth?
How is the OP lying?  He never claimed it to be him.  .Reposts happen all the time.  Basically what this site is designed around.  
Since when did I complain about it being a repost?

To be fair, he never said it was him in the picture.
needsmoarfaggot
Yeah, my GF's little brother uploaded it to Youtube back then. What's your point?
So, you recorded it, and her little brother uploaded it?

I have to respect the fact that you are sticking to such a stupid story with so much passion, but unfortunately noone believes you. That would be the shittiest party I have ever seen anyway.
I'm going to go ahead and call bullshit. Got a pic? The cameraman is shown in the video and I doubt that half a year would completely overhaul your physical image.
I'm actually the original photographer of this GIF. I feel entitled to post it wherever and whenever I want, to be honest, so shut the hell up and appreciate it.
You are now tagged as "Cunt"
So this is you? 
Even if it's yours and you want to repost it, your attitude makes you nothing less than a douche, good sir.
You know everyone will think you are big liar if you got nothing to backup that statement. And a repost is still a repost even if you took the footage. 
ahh i went with "shittyhumanbeing", dang i like yours more
No shame in the game, but you're coming off like a douche. 
I really appreciate you quoting all of OP's comments for posterity.
He ended up deleting his account. Crazy.
why did you edit this comment?.it originally said: "I'm actually the original photographer of this GIF. I feel entitled to post it wherever and whenever I want, to be honest, so shut the hell up and appreciate it."
I've seen it more than 32 days ago, so if you want people to believe you took the video you better be giving proof.
Seems legit.
[deleted]
You know that old adage '10% of redditors have accounts, 1% vote, .1% comment and .01% post?' Well it's true. Look at the link karma of most redditors with accounts - HARDLY anyone posts material, which is what keeps this great community alive. I take time out of my day to do that - to post good, high quality images, articles and discussions starters - and this is the thanks I get? I do more for reddit than you ever will.
If you died tomorrow, nobody on Reddit would notice and Reddit would be just fine.  You're not doing anything to 'keep this great community alive'.  Get off the high horse.
lol
Cry more bitch. We already found out that you're lying now you're trying to defend yourself for it? 
Holy shit man you are delusional.
You're a paragon. 
You're taking this way too seriously. 
I'm really surprised you can read these comments from all the way up there on your pedestal. 
Thank you kindly for your fantastic reposts, you are doing reddit-, nay, the world a service. If I could ever be of service sucking your dick, I would be greatly honored.
thank god you alone keep this site from failing, i dont know why youre being downvoted... if you never posted again the site would certainly crash. thank you.
What are you doing? Don't use sarcasm on the great karma master! He will ban you using his l33t hacks that he "made" himself!
Dude, look at my comment karma:link karma:age of account ratio and compare it to your own. Now quit whining.
I'm with you on this one. Similar thing happened to me on .. I posted something, which wasn't OC, but was new to Reddit. Upvoted link, Slaughtered comments. 
Dude, how can I get a sweet karma ratio and win at life like you bro?
lol
Is that supposed to mean anything? You're decent at bullshitting on the internet, congratulations; if you really want to get into it, you're no where near the worth of your ego though- there are many that are much higher in much less time.
Alright done 
No one cares. Shave that neckbeard and go outside. 
You're a very pathetic individual
Well aren't we a bit over competitive?
The GIF is a minimum of 5 months old, your account is only 1 month old.
Changed my upvote of this link to a downvote just cause you seem like a huge dick
Karma is one helluva drug.
Haha like that has to do with anything. Fuckin' idiot.
Clearly you got link karma by reposting shit. Which is sad because 1) karma means nothing and 2) reposts are gay as fuck
I've never seen someone actually be proud of shit like that.
this is too***** brave for me, i have to leave.
you're going to brave? pick me up a postcard!
fixed....
It actually takes quite a lot of skill to successfuly select content and time it for maximum upvotes. Skill that you, my good sir, are clearly lacking. Now, you came to this thread and enjoyed my GIF, so why can't you stop bitching about it, upvote it if it made you laugh and shut the fuck up? Reddit is a site to entertain people, to make them laugh, and that's what I'm doing. At the time of this comment this has 1368 upvotes and under 400 downvotes, many of which come from Reddit's automatic vote-fuzzing feature. So clearly, people enjoy this post and are not bothered by the fact that it's a 'repost' (of MY OWN content). So fuck off.
You have four big posts. Get over yourself.
Didn't know Reddit took skills to use. 
Stop being a douche.
Jesus christ man, are you sane there? It is the internet. You need to chill out.
Something tells me "your" party was really depressing. 
Oh my god this can not be happening. 
Dude calm down.
Why are you hollerin with a written sentence
literally nobody would miss you if you stopped posting. if you post funny images but are a piece of shit to everyone around you, no one is going to appreciate anything you do. just like if someone gave you $100 then punched you in the face. likewise, no one cares whether you are growing the user base. pretty sure we would all just rather you leave completely.   .you really can't be justifiably upset that people don't like you for what parts of yourself you are . showing them. you're being a little bitch, just stop.
This didn't make me laugh, just came to see the angry repost comments. But you're being a real cunt right now. Keep at it. 
Wow your an asshole man.

I find it sad that you are bragging about your skill in "maximizing upvotes". .Also you keep saying that you're the original photographer, but the image has been posted again and again long before your account age.
Your spaghetti is showing
He is a douche, and probably a liar at that, but account age proves exactly nothing about whether the original was theirs or not. I have been on this site for almost 5 years, and have made hundreds of accounts. Going by my account age though I have only been here a month or two. 
Holy shit, that's really sad.
Y u heff to be mad?
It's only game.
Oh god my sides.
You're taking this way too seriously.
 
This took place a couple of years ago at a party I was throwing for my GF. I took the video, and this is the first time I've put it on Reddit, but my girlfriend is also an avid redditor and she probably has posted it before. Regardless, this is pretty good compared to the shit . usually gets nowadays, so I think you assholes should be grateful that I took the time to brighten your day instead of bitching about 'reposts'. It's just fucking Reddit.
How is this proof? 
There is no fucking way you have a girlfriend and care this much about karma. The two are mutually exclusive. 
You are an A* level cunt. I hope you make your parents proud.
THANK YOU ALMIGHTY OP
Regardless whether your story is true or not (most likely false), you're a prick.
Oh, the gif is funny and all, and it hasn't been on the front page or posted for a while, so I have no problem with the repost. But making claims about being the one who took the video, and acting all high and mighty like you did us a favor by posting the gif, or bragging about your karma, is stupid. Like you said, it's just Reddit. 
"It's just Reddit." Said the guy reposting for karma. OP is a fag
"GF" LOLOLOL
I don't think that their days have been brightened...
prove it by posting the video then.
I also demand evidence of a longer cut in video format.
Not his, found it here.
How does that prove it is not his exactly? Granted he is probably lying, but account age (as others have said), and finding it on youtube proves exactly nothing. 
Posted in January 2013.Clearly not a party.then he happened to create a gif that was the exact same portion of the video, with the same number of frames as the one posted 5 months ago.
Doesn't mean that is when it happened. Still proves nothing..You know this how? How do you know the house was not full of people? Still proves nothing. .He already stated it was a repost, so that is not only not surprising, it still proves nothing.
Hahahaha
Total setup. Look at the guy's face.
I doubt he even knew the leg came off yet. He didn't flinch like he was expecting to fall..To him it felt like the green shirt guy barely nudged the chair and he's giving him a look like "why did you just fall down like an idiot?"
still funny...
The black one? Lol his teeth so white lol (meme)
Edit: Hi guys!
Well done.
I'm guessing it was a setup, but they expected the guy in the chair to be the one getting pranked. 
No, I think the whole thing was a setup. The prankster's fall looks completely nonsensical.
Yeah! Why didn't he fall correctly!?
He didn't fall like the people on TV and in movies who fall on purpose!  Must be fake!
7/18 cover up. It was an inside job, the government and the Illuminati orchestrated the whole thing.
Don't forget the j00s.
Damn Zionist communistic Marxist Islamic JEEEWWWWS. Damn it Kyle 
Never forget. 
Mechanical engineer here. That plastic wouldn't break like that either... unless it was filled with explosives..Tiny, tiny little explosives.
It really does look like a staged fall. Look at the moment where he starts falling, he's pretty well balanced. Fake clip is fake. Sorry, internets for ruining what is apparently your most cherished gif of all time.
It looks like his thrown off balance by his swinging foot and the momentum of having kicked hard enough to break the chair, but okay. And now you have my arguing about the legitimacy of a gif. Thanks for that. 
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
Who fucking cares. I never saw it till today. Get a life.. Nice screen name
That's not the point here..what  . is posting is simply the links to previous submissions of this post. He's not saying ''HEY, HEY GUYS THIS IS A REPOST. WE SHOULD DOWNVOTE IT.'' He's clearly stating ''THis has been posted before, if you wish to read the earlier comments for this image, I have provided them below.''
So it was on the front page once....Five months ago....I don't see a problem with this repost?
you must be new
I think the only problem people have is . 
And on . and on . too. 
No problem with the repost personally, but the dude who posted is claiming that he took the video. That is where I take issue with it. .Also, the dude is bragging about how much karma he's gotten since he made the account, which is stupidity on its own.
It's these fucking summer Redditors running through like a mother fucking infestation, downvoting anyone pointing out the repost, saying "hurr hurr le repost is no so bad, I have no seen it"
The problem is that op claimed it was him who recorded this when that's highly unlikely
He said he recorded it a month ago as well.
Only makes him 4 months too late there.
Butt hurt neckbeards don't want anybody seeing something that they've already seen.
I think people are only making this into a bigger deal because the OP is being argumentative and it's hilarious
"Stupid reposters ruining reddit.  Fuck this, I'm going to go watch Serenity again."
I'm starting to think the whole anti-reposting mentality is so strong that even if someone enjoys seeing something that they never seen before, they get all pissy when they find out it has been posted before.
what amazes me is that it is a lot faster and easier to . than to whine about a repost
Yea, I will never understand the incessant "REPOST!!" posts in every thread.
It'd be funnier if he landed on the leg and it penetrated his asshole.

Classic
It would have been funnier if it wasn't a repost.
Man nigga. What the fuck. 
No, no it wouldn't.

Winston?
:]
great reference.
Well that got grown up really quick.

Now that is some funny shit
If you look closely, the coke spilled all over him too, so that's like fuckin bonus points right there lmao.
Where did the soda go?
I see you everywhere now
I did that to a teacher in high school.  It somehow did not end as humorous for anyone but me. 
WHY are you on . thread!?

I don't know how you want me to respond

I don't think that would have been as funny if the guy in blue had a better poker face.
This is far better than the original post. Anyone have a link the the video source?
I just keep watching this and it hasn't stopped being funny yet.
The guy places his cup on the ground, and then doesn't let go. This would have been such an easy cleanup if he just left the cup on the ground
It was the male instinct to protect the brew no matter what.  Though in this case it appears to be soda, and he should have left it down.
I love how he's left with like 5% of his drink. Good stuff!
It very well could have been a porter! 
He wasn't trying to set it down he was using it as a balance point.
he would have likely kicked it.
Oh man you can see the blue guy beginning to laugh
If you look very closely.
You mean the black guy.Edit: Why am I getting downvoted :(
How long until he deletes that comment
It's @ -131 points right now, I imagine shortly.
-191. Still there
Careful, they'll downvote you ;)
Yolo
because you said black guy.  They get sensitive now, especially with the trial and all.
Wow that was hilarious. Good one.

You're assuming he gives a shit about karma.
If I could trade shit for karma I would be so happy.
Looks more half black/half white to me.edit: this was not meant to be racist. Jeez Reddit, calm down
NO YOU CALM DOWN!!!!!
DON'T TELL ME WHAT TO DO
Calm. Down.
"How dare you mention his skin colour?".-Reddit
...hint: there . no black people in that gif.
"Well, what's the word for it, Lana? You freaked out when I said "Quadroon!""
He looks darker skinned to me. Either way, it was a play on the other commenter saying "blue guy" and I think it's funny (though maybe not completely accurate) regardless of his skin colour. Certainly not worthy 58 downvotes.
"He looks darker skinned...".Obviously he's black. Wtf else would he be right? 
Lol its a funny downvote train for people pointing out he might actually go outside and get tanned. 
White...
Huh?
Still love cartoons, but I never really got into the ones they've made lately. I'd like to see more like Duck Tales, Tailspin, and Darkwing Duck.
This episode is why I am now an illustrator.
Why did i just read through this whole post
Band Geeks was the best episode.
Or if you weren't born yet..Which I am sure there are 7 year olds on reddit.
I was too old for this cartoon. Absolutely hate it.
No such thing as too old for cartoons, mate.
Who the fuck gets to old for cartoons?
Who's that's pic of?
This was on the front page not even a week ago lol.
TOO OLD FOR SPONGEBOB?!?!? NEVER!!!!!
Missed out... Only in the way that the people who weren't at the movies in Aurora missed out.
Wait. What's the age limit?
I guess I'm too old for Spongebob but my kids sure weren't.  They watched it all the time..Personally...I think it sucks.  Annoying, not funny, and annoyingly unfunny..Downvote away.
Imma let you finish, but . was the best Nicktoon OF ALL TIME!
well, I'm glad it was posted again, I was on vacation with no access to reddit
I guess Spongebob is behind my generation, but I never thought it was funny anyway.
Ages 9 to 99
ravioli ravioli give me the formuoli
nah
lol.
This show is amazing when you're high and have subtitles enabled..EDIT: Even sober the subtitles are nuts. Try it.
Too old for a cartoon that was to be on mtv and make fun of gays sure but you're to remember how much of an asshole Link was his cartoon are to know that G.I. Joe the "cartoon" was an anime made for the states
huh.
Wut
wat
Too old for cartoons? I'm an "adult" and I still watch cartoons. .Source: I'm 28, married, and still watch cartoons...adult stuff
"Oh my Karen . . Oh my Karen . .. "
as someone that has never watched spongebob, is it funny if you are sober?
The earlier seasons were actually pretty funny, but it got dumb later on. Watch some episodes, they'll make you laugh.
I was in college when the show really hit. Probably would have been completely ignored had it not been for my discovery of marijuana while away at school..
The 00's Kids circlejerk is approaching...
Well then I feel sorry for you for not being around when Cartoon Network was actually good.
I am 60 and while I'm sure I didn't see all of the Spongebob episodes I certainly saw a lot of them.  If my sons watched I would often watch.  Besides, it is almost impossible to make a cartoon show that is worse than the best of reality TV.  'nuf said.
I was 19 when SpongeBob started and assumed it was aimed at children (as opposed to Simpsons and whatnot that also cater to younger adults). I never watched Spongebob until my son was born last year. So now I watch children's shows again. 
Seasons 1-3 are timeless classics, all the greats 
It's not that I'm too old for cartoons, it's just that spongebob completely annoys the shit out of me. 

If you're too young to have watched Neil Armstrong walk on the moon as it happened you missed out.
No such thing as being too old for cartoons :-)

My dad was a man who loved to be left alone to watch Nascar and loved to work on his car in peace..Spingebob was the only cartoon he'd let me watch with him because it made him laugh (particularly the Krabby Pizza episode)
Eff that, if you were too young for ., then you missed out. 

I'm 28 years and apparently also missed the Spongebob years. I have to say, for all the memes I'm "too old" for, Spongebob is quite funny and I would probably have watched that all the time if I was born a few years later. .Pokemon or My Little Pony or some other stuff just from just a bit later than my old childhood simply doesn't cut it. 
Yeah but y'all missed out on Ren & Stimpy and Beavis and Butthead (the originals), Rocko's Modern Life, & David the Gnome... So THERE!!
No I didn't. Because someone posts this fucking picture every other day.
DEA a 00's kid!   .Really thats what this post is saying to me lol.   Funny show but still seems like a 2000's kid post lol
Just wait till 2010's kids get on the internet...oh dear god
All these comments..... I've had enough nostalgia for one day..
I remember the first episode I saw was "Ripped Pants." The strict mormony parents I had made it so I wasn't allowed to watch that show, but I did anyway :)
I had the exact thing happen to me that happened on that episode, but instead of the beach it was at work...
Spongebob was a funny troll like cartoon :) I watched it being 13.
I'm 29 and have never seen an episode. I'll just wait to have kids, and catch up then!
I'll take being 14 when The Empire Strikes Back was released over SpongeBob at any age.
Spongebod Drawing circles like a boss
OLD!
Wrong. You are never "too old for cartoons"
I have a 7 year old son and when we watch, that shit cracks me up every time. 
I was "too old" when Spongebob came out, I didn't watch it. Now I have kids and watch Spongebob with them, I did miss out, but I'm catching up.
Spongebob has a lot of humor in it that would appeal to adults IMO.
I didn't miss out. I saw it on reddit first, long before this post today.
Uh, I'll never be too old for cartoons. 
I absolutely love spongebob! I am just over 30 and well done cartoons are still something I watch quite often..Your never too old to watch certain things! Just young at heart! Or something...
It had its moments for sure, but like 90% of the show was just an advertisement for Adderall
Not necessarily.  I didn't watch them at the time, but I . seen every single funny bit posted on reddit.  Many times.
Cartoons were much better when I was a kid, today's cartoons are garbage.
You should check out some of the good ones then. There are many great ones, many duds. .Gravity falls is a modern marvel of a cartoon
What a lot of people forget is that there were plenty of shitty 90s cartoons too, we just only remember the good ones. That's how it'll be in a couple decades. People will forget most of the modern crap, and remember stuff like Adventure Time and Gravity Falls.
You're never too old for cartoons. As a 29 year old, I will always pick Spongebob over pretty much anything else on television. .It makes the perfect "staying in bed because sick" show too. 
i'll never be too old for spongebob. it is timeless. some of the new episodes are actually really disturbing and i find them actually hard to watch. like that one where he gets the splinter, or where he gets 'the ick', or where he buys gary that pet fluffy thing.. or where squidward writes a symphony and spongebob and patrick are playing doctor.. the list goes on and on
I will never get too old for cartoons, but I honestly couldn't get into Spongebob. This being said, that makes me want to give it another chance.
I hate spongebob. 
I always found the employment gag with Patrick and Spongebob the definitive sign that grown ups are also in the target audience..Patrick: Boy, it sure was nice of Mr Krabs to give me a job.
SpongeBob: And at 50 dollars an hour, too. When I started working here, I had to pay Mr Krabs 100 dollars an hour. Hey, Squidward, guess who just got a job? .Source: 
Haha, I enjoy the occasional Spongebob, but my father always complains and yells out, "You're not watching Spongebob Squarearse are you?!".Little does he know I received ten miniature MLP figurines today and have hidden them in his room..I will never grow up.
More like too old to repost:
So nobody misses out; you can just see it on reddit every few months.
But I still get to enjoy this same image every other week on Reddit.  
Spongebob likes to take it up da ass by patrick
Please, I still watch Spongebob and I'm in my mid-twenties.
me too, early 40's 
Same. When I get home from work, I like to put on Spongebob and take a nap.  I get annoyed when I wake up and one of those crummy live action shows is on instead of the Square One. 
Spongebob had some great moments
This episode actually kind of upset me when I saw it. .In his jealousy, Squidward destroyed a great artist. He stamped out all of Spongebob's innate artistic ability because he couldn't handle the fact that for all his hard work and practice, he was a pretty crappy artist while Spongebob was a genius. He didn't even regret what he did; he was only upset at the end because he wasn't able to pass off Sponebob's amazing work as his own..Squidward deserves every horrible thing that happens to him. 
Too old? My 56 year old dad thinks Spongebob is hilarious. 
This with out a doubt my favorite episode.
17 years old, and i still remember the first episode. 
I always just imagined Spongebob was on Ecstasy, Patrick was stoned as fuck, and Mr Krabs was a money obsessed coke fiend/dealer. This adds a whole new dimension of adult humor to the show.
I've seen it. It just seemed like a recipe for ADD. I'm not surprised my sister won't let her daughters watch it until they're older.
Aaaand I read it in Spongebob's voice
I was too old for Spongebob but I did have Rocco's Modern Life

Gotta be honest. I was "too old for cartoons" when spongebob came out. But I have young second cousins and what not so I've seen it a few times. A VERY few times. But honestly, the show freaks me out. Makes me think of what a bad acid trip would be like. It makes me uncomfortable. It makes kids dumber (someone can post a link to that study if they want). Spongebob scares the bejesus outta me. That's all. 
"makes kids dumber" if that's the case I wonder how smart I would be if I never watched spongebob (that's a scary thought)
Horribly misquoted. Funny when I filled in the right words myself.
I call it rippy bits!
The "Sailor Mouth" and "Shanghaied" episodes are two works of absolute genius. That show was once brilliant, something that probably goes by unnoticed when slopped in with everything after the third season.
Oh Spongebob, that circle is kind of cute.
DAE 90's cartoons FTW amarite guise??!
I make cartoons for a living. I'll be too old when I'm dead. 
This is the single best joke of spongebob.
...what?
If you were of an age to be considered by some to be too old for cartoons when Spongebob came out, then you grew up with some really amazing things that the poor kids growing up with Spongebob may never know about.  Stuff like Dungeons and Dragons, Pink Panther, The Smurfs, Gummi Bears, Fraggle Rock, Shirt-Tales, Richie Rich, Schoolhouse Rock, The Muppets, Voltron, He-Man, Muppet Babies, Thundercats, Danger Mouse, Duck Tales, Rescue Rangers...
I was of cartoon viewing age when spongebob came out. I hated it, still dont like it, like family guy I feel like I have to watch a whole episode to laugh once and its a comedic show. I did how ever love most of the shows you listed, plus tail spin and powerangers.
Ah yes, forgot those!  I also dislike Spongebob and never liked Ren and Stimpy either which seems of a similar vein.  That style of cartoon just never did it for me.  I guess I miss when cartoons told stories, had themes, and even morals sometimes.  It was more like going on an adventure or being told a story.  I'm not a huge fan of the cartoons that are just out to be funny and say to hell with any sort of plot... especially the ones that try to achieve it just by doing totally random, outright stupid things.  You just don't learn anything from them except how to be a spazz.
Duck Tales: moral lessons, work smarter not harder, honesty, integrity..
Spongebob: how to draw a circle ha ha.Thundercats: group dynamics, how to work together..
Spongebob: some masturbation joke for adults ha ha.Voltron: duty, national service..
Spongebob: 'at least they aren't watching Ren and Stimpy'.
....Cartoons used to have a constructive message for kids, and that message was not just some inside joke for adults.  It started going bad with Steven Spielberg Presents Tiny Toon Adventures... Warner Brothers are social parasites.
I disagree.  First, cartoons didn't always have a constructive message for kids.  Tom and Jerry? There wasn't really even any dialogue.  The two chased each other around with some pretty violent things, even guns.  I could see how it would be entertaining, but moral lessons weren't really gleamed from it.  Same thing for the Road Runner and Wile E. Coyote.  .As far as SpongeBob goes, occasionally there are some messages.  What about the episode where SpongeBob throws a party and makes it so regimented that nobody has any fun? Or the episode where they learn stealing is bad (on free balloon day) or the episode where SpongeBob tells mean jokes about Sandy and realizes he's sacrificing his friendship for a momentary spotlight.  There's also the episode where Patrick learns he's royalty and becomes a maniacal jerk.  .Not every episode has a constructive message, sure, but to say that cartoons used to, and SpongeBob has never had one, seems a bit off point.  .Also, I've seen probably 90% of SpongeBob episodes, where was the masturbation joke you speak of?
Also Tom and Jerry is distributed by Warner Bros.  WB, MGM, Hanna-Barbera were all complicit in producing these low-quality senselessly violent cartoons with little or no redeeming value for a long time before Tiny Toons, but the quality cartoons like Duck Tales dropped off around that time as Nick and others started copying WB "ow my balls" style programming.
Fair enough, looks to be a newer episode? I was just wary to type in SpongeBob and masturbation!  .Still, I think it's unfair to say that an entire cartoon series with 204 episodes has never given up any advice/constructive life lessons for children. 
can never be too old for spongebob
Who even still says "too old for cartoons" anymore? 
If you were already on Reddit the last 15 times this was posted, don't worry, you've not missed shit. 
My favorite visual gag is when Spongebob and Patrick are forbidden from looking at a map, however they surmise that it will be okay if they accidentally look at it..So they begin to poke the rolled map hoping it unrolls. When it finally does their eyes telescope out of their head rub all over it. 
Oh east? I thought you said weast
Never too old for spongebob - it's hilarious any age dammit!
as a technically skilled artist, this amuses me.

My mom was around 55 when she was watching Spongebob. She'd probably (or did) get a real kick out of that scene you posted especially since she's a painter. And, it's just damn funny.
TIL Spongebob is left handed
first you draw a circle, you know, for the skull..then add a few lines. who gives a shit why..BOOM. perfect face..every. art. tutorial. ever.
My husband and I are 24 and 23 respectively, and we regularly have Cartoon Network Too on in the background while we play Digimon Masters Online. I'm getting quite accustomed to The Amazing World of Gumball :3
NEVER TOO OLD FOR CARTOONS!! 
Your never too old for cartoons
Ren and Stimpy is still better.
if you missed out on spongebob, you're probably a newborn. if spongebob isn't in a childs arsenal of favorite childhood cartoons, then jeebus have mercy
Spongebob has so much adult humor. I am 44 and still watch it at times.
'00s KIDS UNIIIIIIITE!!
Actually? Christ, you guys are teenagers now.
Kids born when ., . and . came out turn 18 this year.
I'm in my early forties and I ended up watching a lot of Spongebob with my son.  When I was a kid, I bonded with my dad over Tom & Jerry and the Roadrunner, so it was neat to find a similar, but new tradition..My absolute favorite episode is where they get trapped with Sandy while she hibernates and they steal her fur.  I nearly pissed myself.  Then, there's the pizza one.  All of the parents were walking around the office, singing the Krusty Krab pizza song after it came out..The one where Squidward is messed up... Spongebob wets his lips for an uncomfortable amount of time and Patrick tells him to FIRMLY GRASP the jellyfishing net.  It kills me every time..I also watched a lot of other cartoons with my son.  I think I liked Invader Zim more than he did.  For the life of me, I could not stand the Fairly Oddparents.  It just raked my nerves.  The actor's voices would clash with my misophonia (.)..Forever a Spongebob fan.
You're never too old for spongebob. 
I'm 37 and remember the ads for it on Nickelodeon just before it premiered. I probably wouldn't have discovered it if I didn't have kids, but like many good cartoons, there are many levels of humor. We used to all stop what we were doing when the theme song came on so we could sing along. I also have a yellow Spongebob face t-shirt that I wear periodically, especially to embarrass my older kids.
Too old? I just got the spongebob comic last week. I'm 32 but it's for my daughter (wink wink)
i am 26 and i still watch spongebob. i love this episode. i love it when spongebob hits the marble and makes a perfect stature and squidward does it and it turns to dust.
"too old"? At band camp once we had nearly 100 people watching Spongebob at one time
I direct my bitterness towards Spongebob because it started at the same time as Invader Zim and Zim got canceled while Spongebob is still going, so fuck that show.
Rocko's Modern Life is still the best NickToon
Fun fact: The creator of Spongebob used to work on Rocko's Modern Life
so did many of the voice actors
Hence why Heifer and Spongebob have the same voice actor. 
Actually, he says,"And one, two, three!" not," and there."
Also, is that squidward?
Also, "finer details." I would know. Most of my brain is dedicated to Spongebob quotes.
I would hate to be in a room with you an my girlfriend. I can't even quote spongebob anymore because she will go on to quote the rest of that episode and then move on to a different episode and just keep going and going until I tell her I can't take it anymore. Gotta love her though
Wow, that's some pretty intense abuse if you don't even get to decide whether you love her.
I want your girlfriend.
Yeah this scene is infinitely more humorous with all the words.
[Fixed] If your were too old for spongebob then you lucked out
DAE STFU LOL AMIRITE
I still love cartoons, I just can't stand SpongeBob's voice! 
Watch the Dutch version.
Woah, woah, woah. Tom Kenny is the voice of an animated generation.
Can I punch that generation? Because that's what the voice makes me want to do. 
Yes I agree. I watched the English version once. Once..His voice was just too annoying.
DAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Not even one of the best moments
The trash ringing...
the mash flinging...
the crash dinging...
THE HASH-SLINGING SLASHER!!!

Spongebob was actually the reason I first got Netflix. Bad move, guys.
I noticed. Please fix table so I can flip as well. Anyone know why it was taken off/if it'll be back?
WHAT?! 
What the fuck, man. C'mon.

They removed Fairly Odd Parents too. Did they have a falling out with Nickelodeon or something?
I was in HS when spongebob came out...and I still watch it now...it's still funny...if not more so because you get the subtleties...
Yeah. They do actually make subtle jokes in there that the younger kids wouldn't get. It's a good cartoon. 
It's not really funny anymore. Just brainless animation antics. The golden years for spongebob were 2002-2005, really.
Yeah, everything after the Krusty Towers episode was pretty awful, in my opinion.
Well, there were lots of great ones after that too, but the "bad" clunker episodes became increasingly prevalent after that. Not sure where i stand on that 
Everything after the movie..
Season 4 is where they switched writers and the main creator left.
I liked the first few seasons though. The artistic quality wasn't as good, but the comedic value and plot were great like said golden years.
Too old, but luckily I had kids - so it wasn't weird....
It's never weird. Cartoons are awesome. 
Its somewhat socially awkward with some people. 
Those aren't good people to keep around anyway.
I'm 35, I still watch Spongebob. My favorite episode is "No weenies allowed".
Krusty Towers is just the best for me 
I prefer the bubble stand episode, STEP ON YOUR RIGHT FOOT AND DON'T FORGET IT.
Bring it around town.
Magic Conch is where it's at.
ALL HAIL THE MAGIC CONCH
I am now streaming that episode because of you...
Wet Painters is the best episode
Yes! That episode is so perfect. The humor, the animation, the everything.
Welcome to the salty spitune how tough are ya!
MOM.WOW.
*spitoon
I ate a bowl of nails for breakfast... ..
I'm rather partial to "Band Geeks"
Best song ever
That's his eager face
Is mayonnaise an instrument?
WEENIE HUT JR.?!?!
SUPER WEENIE HUT JR.
WEENIE HUT GENERAL?!?!
You walked in and slipped on an ice cube.
The pizza episode is probably my favorite. That or the rock bottom episode.
Old School Spongebob is best Spongebob.
For sure.
Or the episode where they paint Mr. Krabs' house.
The episode where pat tries to get an award is the best.
Rock Bottom seriously creeped me the fuck out, they should make a return to Rock Bottom episode though.
Uh PBBBTTTHH no PBBBTTTHHH they PBBBTTHHH would totally PBBBTTHH PBBBTTTHHH botch it... 
I DON'T STHHSHSSS UNDERSTAND PTHSHHHT YOUR ACCENT PSTHHSGHS
The Krusty Krab Pizza.Is the Pizza.For you and me. 
THE KRUST KRAY-AY-AY-AY-AB PIZZA.IS THE PIZZA FOR YOU AND....ME-HE-HEE-HE-HEE-HEE
I gave a pizza place a job application I filled out for them yesterday. One of the questions on it was "What's the perfect pizza?" I totally should have wrote that instead of what I put...
Here's the 
The pioneers used to ride these babies for miles!
It's not just a boulder. It's a rock. :')
Oh god, I read all of these in his high pitched, squeaky voice... brb watching spongebob for the rest of the day.
We had Ren and Stimpy. .So....we were good.
I was born in 88 and I watched a little Ren and Stimpy when I was younger, I thought it was awful. The writing is poor but occasionally offensive. There were and are so many better constructed shows with more subtlety and strange things going on.
Yeah, Ren & Stimpy is generally pretty awful. But, there are a few token episodes, like ..
I still can't believe that was even shown to kids. Like, holy shit. Seriously.
I can honestly say the only reason I ever watched Ren and Stimpy was because my dad told me I wasn't allowed to do so. .It thought "haha, getting away with this!! ...this is awful." 
I would say better... much better.
So you do not like horses covered in rubber nipples, a nudist with fried chicken on his head, a super hero with hyper corrosive crouton breath, a psychotic chihuahua mentally and physically abusing his fat cat best friend? You, my friend, are weird!
And Rocko
Uhg, hated Ren and Stimpy.  Never could get into that art/drawing style.
I think it's really interesting how just a year or two can totally change a person's pop culture experience growing up. I am 24 and was juuuust old enough to miss out on Spongebob, in fact, it was the show that made me realize maybe I was getting a little too old for "baby shows". But if I was a year or two younger, I would have been a lot more receptive, and probably would have become a big fan. I see it a lot with the new Star Wars trilogy too. I was just old enough to realize Phantom Menace was shit, while I have friends 2-3 years younger who have a lot of nostalgia based on it.
this is weird, I am 33 and was just barely too old to miss out on spongebob, as it came out when I was busy with college.
Spongebob came out in '99. You're telling me when you were 10, you were too old for spongebob? Give me a break. 
Well, if that decision seems illogical, keep in mind, that was a 10 year old's thought process you are critiquing.
Yea, I didn't say it in the first comment, but I was thinking it sounded like you were one of those kids who were too cool to do kiddy stuff any more. 
Ren and Stimpy was disturbing, it creeped me out so much as a child. How the hell did that show end up on a kid's network?
Right on man, I missed the Japanese cartoon/game invasion of the early 00's and this sponge thing, but Ren and Stimpy was wicked.
And Beavis and Butthead. The originals. I'm old.
No you're not. 
Scooby-Doo was new when I was a little kid...
I like when 90's kids tell me about their cartoons and how I missed out. I laugh thinking no we had the best cartoons. I will take powdered toast man over sponge bob any day. 
Being born in '80 was great, I got all the 80's cartoons, and back then Looney Tunes and classic Disney were on heavy rotation, and from 90-98 I was still enough of a kid to enjoy every 90's cartoon. Perfect for me as I grew up to be an animator.
LIEK DIS IF U WER A 90'S KID1!!1!!!.*Insert picture of cartoon and video game that was watched and played by 80's kids
 beats them both.
I hated that show ask a kid. Not sure why really....Looking back at the villians it sure looks like ..
That's what everyone says. My generation is better than yours. 
You mean POWDERED TOAST MAN!
As a kid who grew up on Ren & Stimpy, I have to say I much prefer Spongebob. Spongebob is more subtle and artfully written. Ren & Stimpy was just an excuse to show disturbing humor.
Yes it was the chart topper of disturbing humor. Spongebob I just never connected with felt it was simple humor for an add generation. It took no risks with its humor, just pandered to the ADD generation. Then again what do I know I am just a 30yr old who still watches cartoons after school. 
As a 35 year old who has watched both extensively, I find it funnier than either show is that you think Spongebob is the ADD one..Personally, having gone back and watched some Ren & Stimpy, I'm ashamed of what I found hilarious as a teen. Sort of like rewatching old Transformers cartoons and that old Dungeons & Dragons cartoon. They are awful, just absolutely irredeamable, and child me loved them. 
There was no style to it other than verbal semi-offensive diarrhea. Take Rocko's modern life, occasionally weird messed up stuff and loads of subtext, but without third grade fart jokes constantly.
There would . Not saying that R&S was perfect, just that it changed the way cartoons were done 
_

Spongebob: A story about modern day employment.
It has a dark side too: 
I don't understand what "too old for cartoons" means...
I'm nearly 30 and can't wait for season 2 of Legend of Korra. Watch Adventure Time regularly. I do work with kids, but that is a coincidence.
as long a you don't call yourself some weird nickname relating to the cartoon you watch to introduce yourself, you can watch cartoons at any age. it only gets weird when you identify yourself as a "spongebobian", hang around with other 20+ year old friends in the toy aisle of your supermarket scaring the little children away.
It means you are married to a woman who buys a $170 handbag because it is on sale but thinks you are wasting money buying a $3 game on Steam.
Came here to say this, take an upvote
did not understand the title as well.
I'm pushing 40 and still watch Spongebob
I think it means dead. Those affected probably aren't reading this thread.
might not be such a thing as too old for cartoons, but there sure is such a thing as too old for spongebob
I was 35 when Spongebob started in 1999. Been watching it ever since. 
Usually older people don't have near the much time of little kids to watch TV. But then again, most of reddit proves me wrong.
My parents are in their 50's and they watch Spongebob all the time.
Much of my free time that I lost as a grownup is spent raising my kids.  Among the many activities we do together, watching cartoons is one of them.  Spongebob when they were younger, and Adventure Time and Regular Show now.  Also, my daughter just discovered King of the Hill, which makes me very proud as a parent.
I never once said anyone besides kids don't watch kid shows like this. I said they usually don't because theres not much free time to be interested.
Neither do I, I'm 26 and I just finished watching Avatar The last Airbender for the first time. it was epic.
Right. I mean, I understand all of those words, but put together like that they make no sense.
Have you ever seen "Big Block Singsong"?  It's for very young kids, but I watch it every single day.
Is that Disney's version of 'Face' from Nick Junior?
 song is just so relatable.
It's kind of like 'Face' mixed with Regular Show.
Welp, there goes my entire day
I know, seriously.  I love all of them.  Check out the one with the moose.
This is one of my favorites - and it really is relatable to adults too.
There's not a "too old for cartoons," but there's definitely a middle area when one thinks they are too old for cartoons. Like from 12-18, for example. 
I fucking love cartoons.  I love that I can watch them any time that I want.  .With that said, there was a special magic that came from Saturday Mornings or what we called "Cartoon Day" when I was a kid.  One of my favorites was . but I had to be up at 8:30 am or I would miss it.  Also, reception sometimes wasn't good.  I think the station was out of Battle Creek or something.  
I still watch spongebob and Regular Show on cartoon network. The latter I like a little more nowadays but when I was young I religiously watched spongebob
I used to watch Spongebob and nap everyday after high school class and before hockey practice. There would be four 16 and 17 your old boys cracking up to Spongebob everyday.   Am I a pretttttty girl?
There is an age between being a kid and an adult where you see most cartoons as a "kiddy thing" and want to look more mature so you avoid them. This was at least true for me and most people I know. Personally I never got into the show, I was at the higher end of the age bracket when this came out and always found it to be over rated. I have tried watching a few episodes now as an adult, but it is much too kid like for me to sit through more than 2 or 3 minutes. I feel like most adult fans are simply nostalgic at this point, similar to me and pokemon/DBZ. 
I was at that cartoon-avoiding age when Spongebob just started, and now sometimes I would like to see it but there are so many episodes and I'm not going to watch all of them. It would be okay to just watch one on tv every now and then but here in the Netherlands they are only on tv in a dubbed version with voices that are too annoying.
Don't worry, you only really need to watch like the first three seasons.
I mean, I understand all the words individually, but together they become just nonsense. 
Nobody is too old for cartoons..This show was just fucking stupid even before every twat started wearing invader zim and spongebob shit bought from Hot Topic.
I do believe you can be too old for certain cartoons, along with a lot of other programming out there today(which I believe caters to drooling idiots). But that said, Spongebob is watchable.
The creator of spongebob did an AMA recently, I asked him why many adults like it even though it's aimed at children, and he replied to me saying that they don't make it aimed towards children, it's for anyone. 
Agreed. You are never too old for cartoons
Depends on the cartoon. A good cartoon will have a fun and engaging story along with plenty of humor that an adult can enjoy just as much as a kid. A kids cartoon with pretty colors and saccharine morals shoved down your throat gets boring if you're older than 7. It's the difference between . (which is still pretty freaking funny) and . (which just bores me to tears). . - YES. A BLACK GIRL CAN BE A DOCTOR. WE GET IT.. - Lol. Even Doof is a little puzzled by the setfiretothesuninator.. - I... wait... wat?. - I wonder if the kids even get half the retail worker jokes?
Furturama...I want to cry.
you would say that, now wouldn't you?
I'm almost 29 and I love cartoons. I love watching old Bugs & Tweety cartoons that I grew up on, I love Futurama, SpongeBob and a whole host of animated stuff. Sometimes it's for the sheer absurdity of the program (admit it, anyone who has seen SpongeBob has to admit it's diwnright absurd half the time)..I think one of the reasons I enjoy cartoons and such is because life is way to serious and it's nice to sit back and watch something simple. That's my take on it anyway.
28 yr old here, i missed the spongebob bandwagon and don't understand any of the references to them on reddit ;( 
Don't feel left out. It's scientifically proven that spongebob makes you stupid. I can't stand that it's still on tv. Watch quality cartoons like regular show.
I am 31 and I have 2 kids, I never got into spongebob when it first started, but now my husband and I know everything about spongebob and references come up constantly in our normal conversation
Watch a few random episodes. Worth it.
But only ones from before the movie. Everything after the movie blows.
No movie exists, don't ya know?
Don't worry, while it might score you karma on Reddit, being the 30-year-old that watches cartoons, wears a fedora, reads manga, etc doesn't score you much of anything in the real world.
I missed it too. Also, I unfortunately went to Disney World, where they had a Spongebob area, and they played the theme song over and over and over again and it made me hate Spongebob. 
TIL Spongebob is a Disney character now
I'm not the one who put him there. Maybe it was Universal Studios, but I'm pretty sure it was Disney. 
Same... Pokemon too!
Likewise on the latter. I stopped caring about animation after the days of Transformers & GI Joe.
29 here and I watched Spongebob as a teenager. I still enjoy it. 
I'm 28, you're missing out!
Watch the F.U.N. ep... that was what got me hooked... 
F is for friends who do stuff together, U is for you and meeee...
hint: netflix.
Im sure i'll start once i have kids, haha
Its never too late to start.
Unless we're talking about meth!
It's ok buddy. We had Ren and Stimpy...
And classic Simpsons, Beavis and Butthead, Duckman, The Head, The Maxx, Aeon Flux...
Yes, yes we did, and rug rats hah thats about where i left off when my sister was still watching that and i kinda turned to more 30 min shows like Salute Your Shorts and Are you afraid of the Dark? , or the science/discovery channel.. i started asking questions like why am i here? what is this life i've been given, not trying to numb my mind with Lion King and Mickey Mouse any more.. 
I can understand basic Mickey Mouse cartoons not being anything more than childrens comedy, but how can you say Lion King is "Mind Numbing"?
I guess in some ways it can be educational.. can i recant my previous statement? I just remember my sister made me watch it like 5000 times and that was mind numbing... knowing every line and word........ <3 my sister ! haha
Oh trust me I know how the repeat feeling feels, I used to work for Disney on Ice and the one show I worked featured a Lion King part so Hakuna Matata is burned into my skull lol
....its our simple free, philosophy 
Im sure ill start once i have kids, haha
31 here and in the same boat - and I like not being on this bandwagon. I still like cartoons, but only the classics and a few others (before 2000), because the vast majority of the cartoons out there nowadays are just plain crap. Every Spongebob reference I have seen on Reddit is either so stupid it makes my head hurt instead of making me laugh or is extremely juvenile (or both). Don't worry - we aren't missing anything worthwhile.
I'm 31 and I completely agree. Life would be better if there were more Tiny Tunes and Animaniacs references.
Make one, and say 30 yr olds will remember.... 
The older ones are the best, after the movie it got a lot less intelligent. It's not like it was ever a sophisticated comedy but the jokes were mostly clever puns etc. with a little bit of patrick hurting himself, in the newer episodes, the balance has shifted
I think the decline started after the Tattle Tale Strangler episode.
The writers left after season 5 (same time as movie) now its just a bunch of writers from crappy DreamWorks movies. The new spongebob movie is being written by the guys who made kung-fu panda. It's a shame 
I watched and enjoyed Spongebob for a while from when it was first aired.  I enjoyed it, and then it got stupid. I stopped watching it after that..This explains .. Thank you for the info.
Kung Fu Panda wasn't that horrible for a kids movie. 
Kung-Fu Panda was awesome, dude.
true, but there is still some spongebob gold mixed in with the newer ones 
kung-fu panda is awesome, though.
The newer episodes makes you hates spongebob for how he makes squidward's life horrible.
He was always kind of an asshole to Squidward. Even in the very . episode.
How the fuck did he suck up all the water in the ocean and have it only fill up that much space?
I'm 28 and I love SpongeBob.
30 year old here. Love spongebob. 
I'm 32  and I love SpongeBob
Heres an upvote :) 
me too!
I'm 43 and I had kids so I could claim that I only watch SpongeBob because they like it.
My dad is 62. Both of us sit down together and watch Spongebob at least twice a week.
EDIT: Grammar
My dad is 48, and him and I watch Adventure Time/Regular Show together every Monday. He cracks up laughing..EDIT: Grammar.
My dad is 54 and my mom is 53 and they both enjoy watching adventure time, regular show, and spongebob with me! Best parents ever.
He and I, HE and I..... HE AND I!!!!!!      for both
Oh, sorry! As I re-read my post, I said I had to fix that, but then I ended up just clicking the post button. Thanks.
you still messed up.you can determine which pronoun to use by taking out the other 2/3's of the phrase
I have learned as i get older its because everything you laughed at because it was semi funny as a kid. Is funnier to the old guy cause he remembers where the reference actually came from.
Oh, my mom would watch Adventure Time, but she wouldn't know what was happening!
Haha that's how it first started, she was like, "What the hell is this?!" I forced her to watch the first couple episodes and she liked it ever since! My dad has always liked cartoons lol.
My parents would switch off and ignore the TV if it was a cartoon. Kind of a shame, really. I don't have much I can do to have quality time with them these days; different interests, different sense of humour..Only thing my Dad and I seem to have in common is we both like motorsport.

Theirs no reason to let grammar bother you so much.
Regular show is shit.
Too old for cartoons?
You mean dead?

Such a smooth gif.
Too old for kiddy cartoons is definitely a thing.  Sponge-bob was definitely a kiddy cartoon..When Sponge Bob came out in '99, I had many friends whose children watched it.  At the time, I was watching anime, but I would have never watched kid's animation..I'm not an expert on cartoons, but I believe that . is for the same age demographic as Sponge Bob.  I never see references to it on Reddit, though, because most of the crowd here has outgrown kiddy-cartoons, and T.U.F.F. has only been airing since 2010..EDIT: You can read some of my clarifications below, if you really want.  But, I'll try to save you the hassle: 
While I disagree with you completely, the fact that you're getting downvoted is ridiculous.
I think I've made some enemies for life.  I even suggested . and was told that I was on the right track, yet was given only downvotes. .I'm predicting that this comment will be downvoted also, simply because I'm the one that made it.  Isn't Reddit awesome?
How dare your opinion differ?
You had a valid opinion that goes against the thread, there is no room for differing opinions here you should know that.
If you think watching anime is better than spongebob, then you should turn off the tv, because nothing at all is so much better than anime.
Yet another thing that I didn't say..I simply said that people my age who watched animation generally went for anime, or for things on Adult Swim when it launched (2001).  The only people my age that I knew who watched SpongeBob were those with kids.  The notion at the time was that it was a kids show..If there's anything else I'm unclear about, let me know.  In the meantime, I'll just sit back and watch this happen.
Maybe you just haven't watched enough spongebob yourself. There are all kinds of adult jokes and themes that go way over kids' heads. It's actually really well done and funny. If you say spongebob is a "kiddy cartoon" and have actually watched it then I confess I think you're a pompous douche that thinks they're too good for cartoons..Edit: You can say "I don't like spongebob". You can't say "spongebob is just a kiddy cartoon" because of the adult themes and jokes. 
I don't think I even said that.  I haven't watched enough of it to say whether I like it or not..I know that when it came out, my adult friends were annoyed that it was all their kids wanted to watch.  My generation generally did not watch this show unless they had kids at the time.  .I'll agree that you are "never too old for animation", but people from my age group who did not have kids would watch either adult animation (ie. Simpsons), or anime at the time.  We would not go out of our way to watch SpongeBob, whose primary demographic was kids.
You definitely didnt say "I don't like spongebob". I was saying that's an ok thing to say and not inaccurate in any way because it'd be an opinion. But to say "spongebob is a kids only show" would be inaccurate because it contains adult themes and jokes that no kid could understand. Certainly the primary target demographic is children, but there is no doubt adult humor in the show, purposely.
But to say that this was the notion at the time is . inaccurate. The vast majority of adults had no idea that it had adult humor.
Perhaps, but didn't you say that spongebob . a kiddy show, implying present tense? That's all I was getting at. 
There are too many adult themes in Sponge Bob to be just a kiddy cartoon...
My 53 year old dad cannot get enough of Spongebob. 'Nuff said.
Yes kiddy cartoon,but not entirely meant for kids. Examples being kids usually don't understand  sexual references such as : .. Or the reference to the movie Se7en, because I doubt many kids love that film..Anime is just cartoons filled with ., unnecessary . and very .. 
I've always thought Anime was for the creepy japanese peadophile buisness men, or atleast that's what it protrays itself by constantly leering over schoolgirls in short skirts.
The person on the left is a girl.....Confused I am
He cites references! He must be right!
Wow, feeling a little hurt? It was just a comment with my opinion, those references were just there so people knew what I was talking about. Did I insult you? The answer is no. So try calming down
LOL. Get yer head out of your butt. I was cracking a joke, that's all. Nobody's angry here unless you are.
or because TUFF is terrible.
Yep, and everyone my age thought that Sponge-Bob was terrible.  All I ever heard about it was how "stupid kids must be today to find that entertaining".  .I still feel that way.  I don't think that Sponge-Bob is nearly as entertaining as silly cartoons that were on when I was a kid (eg. Animaniacs).  .All I'm saying, is wait 10-15 years, and you'll find that the terrible kids-programming of today will be "cherished memories" of college kids. .By the way, the first time you ever use the term "college kids", you'll feel guilty for a week.  You may even go through a bit of denial.  If you're like me, it will never completely feel natural, but you'll find yourself saying it increasingly more often after that point.
I think you need to relax a little bit. Anyways, what's the matter with the phrase "college kids"? Are you referring to the oxymoronic nature of the two words? It may be an oxymoron but I don't understand where the guilt and denial is coming from...
If you have to be stupid to like Spongebob then I'm a fucking retard.
Sorry, I never said that.  A lot of people are putting a lot of words in my mouth..I said that was the notion at the time among adults.
Actually TUFF is just terrible cartoon. Let me put it this way, if Spongebob is a terrible cartoon, why does it still able to come out with new episode and survive more than 10 years? Same goes to cartoon like Fairly Odd Parents. .There's a lot of good kid cartoons that adult still could enjoy. Adventure time, Gravity Falls, The Misadventure of Flapjack, Chowder, Kim Possible, Invader Zim and Phinies and Ferb just to name a few. TUFF Puppey is just a bad cartoon.
You sound like one of those guys that never gave adventure time a chance. You're never too old to enjoy a silly cartoon once in a while.
Actually, Adventure Time is great, from the little bit I've watched..Adults of my era who have young kids have generally said good things about Adventure Time. I think it does far better with adults than Sponge Bob did.  
Then you've never watched spongebob. Spongebob pre movie has simple, easy to understand comedic irony and slapstick humor, tastefully done, along side more inside jokes directly aimed at adults who may indeed be watching it with their children. There's a reason my father keeps the first three seasons of that show on DVD in his entertainment center. It's good simple comedy..Also, a good deal of that anime you may have been watching is, surprise, "kids shows."
You're lying to not lose more karma.
Why would I lie?  If I cared about karma, I would have deleted all my posts a long time ago.  I may still do it, just because if people don't like discussing this civilly, then I'll do what I can to stop wasting their time..I'm not saying that SpongeBob is a bad program.  I am saying that adults from my era were not about to turn it on.  I knew a few adults that ended up watching complete episodes with their children, and then, very shyly admitted it wasn't that bad, as all other adults laughed at them.  I never saw a single person recommend it for adults..I do know adults that watch AdventureTime today, and say it is great.  Most of them found out about it because of their kids, but not all.  I've watched part of an episode, because I see so many Reddit references to it, and I can clearly see its draw..I can clearly see the draw to SpongeBob also, although I admit I've watched less of it than Adventure Time.  But, when it first came out, very few adults would admit that they liked it.  I knew none.   The notion has changed, but that's partially because it's been around now for a very long time..I'm a bit unclear why so many people are freaking out about it.  I say that a show they liked as kids was not popular with adults when it first came out, and they feel like they have to argue, even though they were not adults at that time.

Nobody is too old for Adventure Time. That show is absolutely amazing. 
Oh please.
Reddit's spirit bird is the cat. 
Easily one of the most overrated actors you little pukes worship. You are all a bunch of worthless scum-sacks. 
That is Legen- wait for it... dary.
No. I won't fucking wait for it! 
This is the worst title, and overall post, I have seen all day. 
The show is over rated. 
Those are some small bags... pretty terrible deal
That just speaks straight to my heart. Oh gummybears, for where art thou gummybears!
It's strange; you butchered the "wherefore" part of the quote but actually made it more correct in the context. 
They're bouncing here and there and everywhere.
Wild adventure that's beyond compare
Purely intentional ofc! :)
So we're doing "spirit animals" now?
I wish I was doing this "spirit animal"  right now.
Gummy bears, worms, etc....they're not gross but they lack taste. The love for them is mind boggling. .Id rather eat circus peanuts until I throw up 
You.... you are the person I've always wanted to meet...being that you are the only person to like circus peanuts.
Circus peanuts are fuckin delicious 
I worked at a candy kiosk and those were the only candies that were never purchased. 
Most people don't possess my refined palate 
Buy the sour gummi worms. 
I'd rather buy cherry sours
Buy sour cherry worms?
They don't exist 
Ducky tie!
I wish I could be so easily pleased :(
THE DUCKY TIE!
I hated that tie. I really thought it kinda signaled the decay of the show. 
Anyone else remember when they used to cost a penny each at the pharmacy? Maybe it was just my pharmacy...
Had a craving for gummy bears the other day. Bought a bag. Looked at how many calories I was about to ingest. I also didn't care..Edit: It was more than one serving of bears in the bag.
I like mph but I hate barney
those are not Haribo.  i just lost some respect for NPH.
Actually, they are! That's a CVS bag of gummy bears, which are Haribo, but sold as generic. And god damnit are they good. 
Repost the repost repost of repost
gee whiz that Barney sure is a wacky character!
he didn't write it, you can thank the writing staff, man its like praising mario for good game design of his game..Credit where credit is due guys.
This NPH being the spirit animal of Reddit thing really needs to get played harder, I'm a fan
Except NPH isn't casually hateful of everyone who's not a hetero white dude.
Neither is Reddit. It's the opposite if anything. 
If reddit is hateful of everyone who's not a hetero white dude, why does it constantly dote on this gay guy, a black scientist and every gay marriage that someone can get a photo of? 
To prove how diverse they are. It's the hivemind version of "I'm not a homophobe because I have a gay friend". Plus I only ever see gay marriage pics of two really attractive girls or old people. Old people doing anything seems to get front page.
You really think anyone posting anonymously on the internet is striving to prove their diversity? The lack of repercussion is the reason you see racist and homophobic comments here, which is the exact opposite. And of course a lot of it is people making meta jokes that frankly a lot of others just don't get. 
I said "casually" hateful. They'll toss out little things like calling someone a faggot, or making racial jokes, or talking about what bitches women are for wanting control over their own lives and bodies.
Wild generalization. Reddit is not some single entity defined by the comments of a subset of users. I think the majority of reddit users are pretty progressive and open minded. 
On the topic of gummy bears, I highly recommend to anyone that loves gummy bears to order these:.I have bought these twice, they're delicious, soft, flavorful goodness.
10 pounds lasted me about a week and a half. I've eaten many gummy bears in my life, these are by far the best. Try them! They do come in smaller bags as well.
10 lbs? That's .Or .!.Edit: Looked up actual brand, and this claims ., which is still a buttload to eat in a week and a half. That's 1327.5 calories per day only in gummi bears!
Worth every calorie :
Only 3 left in stock? Fuck you, reddit.
I have to thank you, as I was going to order some as soon as I finished scrolling. So easy to cheat.
Are they better than Haribo gummy bears? Because $38 for 5lbs is pretty steep, when I can get 6lbs of Haribo for ~$8..Edit: I was wrong, it's $38 for . 5lb bags. Much more reasonable.
Yes. They both have nice qualities about them though. I love Haribo too but these are definitely my favorite because they have tons of flavor. They are also bigger.
Isn't it 10lbs? (2 5lb packs) 
My bad, I misread that haha. Oops!
Yeah, it is 10 pounds. I thought it was 5 lbs total at first too.
The cola bottles make my mouth so happy.
I've actually never tried this but my dad loves them. I guess I'll have to try them soon.
Wouldn't reccomend it, the smell of them alone do not stir up happy feeling that candy is supposed to do .
They won't make my mouth happy? :(
Can't go wrong with bigger gummy bears. :)
I'd love these gummy bears even if they were tiny. I can't believe how much flavor they fit into them.
Hmm... I'll have to try some when I get a chance.
I love the haribo ones because their texture is a lot tougher than the other brands. I used to put those bad boys in the freezer and then go to town on them after an hour or so. 
And they're really yummy.
Yeah Haribo are awesome but they don't have nearly as much flavor as these babies.
That's precisely why I . Haribo.  Everybody thinks they're the best but goddammit, it's like chewing on a bag of assorted pencil erasers.  There's no need for a gummy bear to be that goddamn stiff...
I like to put a bag of Haribo gummy bears in the car on a hot day. When I come back, they've melted into one soft, ooey gigantic flat piece of gummy. You can just tear off melty pieces and eat it hot. Amazing stuff. 
I'm a bit queer when it comes to food enjoyment. I like texture as much as taste a lot of the times. I cook my steaks way past well done and I hate pudding but love rice pudding. I like burnt popcorn more than the usual prepped kind but that's probably about taste. 
It must suck to not have tastebuds
YOU ARE ONE SICK PUPPY ., can we be friends?
This is fucking retarded
Yeah it's really taking away from all the intelligent things that usually get upvoted on 
And you're proud of this?
Yeah, but it's a celebrity so there's a huge pile of upvotes.
Don't forget he's gay so that means bonus karma
That's nearly a pound of Gummy Bears a day. I think you may have a problem.
I would've eaten more than that if I had more. I love gummy bears, they're like crack for me.
From my other comment:.10 lbs? That's .Or .!.Edit: Looked up actual brand, and this claims ., which is still a buttload to eat in a week and a half. That's 1327.5 calories per day only in gummi bears!
I go through the 6lb bag of gummy bears you can get from BJ's in about a week.  I feel like I have the experience to confirm that yes, he/she has a problem.
You get 6lb of gummy bears from BJ's?.Man, I should look into this 'getting a girlfriend' thing.
I'll give you a gummybear for every thrust of your head, deal?
On the topic of NPH, I recently saw Dr. Horrible's Sing Along Blog and it rocked. I highly reccomend it.
That is sad.
It was weird, but good . 
C'mon. It's Evil Genius.
Neal patrick harris was funny on how i met ur mother but i quit watching it like everyone else when i found out that he......uh......likes men.....shame on him for making that choice but im not gonna judge him...
I'm going to upvote everyting you post just to piss you off :)
Love you :) 
hahaha
There's a certain subtlety that goes with good troll accounts, and you lack it. 
----.mhmm.
A don't know.  I'd say -7000 karma in two weeks is pretty impressive.
-7000 karma in 15 days. .What you have, sir, is a gift. A gift of knowing exactly how to piss off not just one person, but start a pissed off landslide..I need to give you my mother-in-laws contact information, you just tell me what you charge, and so help me god, let's put this talent to work, kiddo..Cheers.
What makes this so much funnier, is that he is in the waiting room while his best friend is having a baby 
Isnt this from the episode where Lizzy and Marshall are trying to elope?
*Lily
Ted had a baby?
Marshall 
Ooh, sorry, spoiler alert.
And that kids, is how I . your mother.

Cartman's Mom.
Ranjit.

He's fucking adorable.
Agreed
I was watching video and reading that at the same time and I misread it as "he's fucking asshole" which I thought was funny. 

I laughed way harder at that than I should have
Nice try, but that's just adorable fucking.
I felt weird upvoting you for this. A little ashamed, too.
K
Sure, but this isn't actually funny.
We dont like your kind round here
I don't see the humor in this at all. It is a shit show. 
I wouldn't even know about that. I never saw it. And I don't have any interest either due to being smothered by it through reddit already..Same with Doc who and parks & rec or whatever.
That's racist sexist and homophobic!.Okay, it isn't, but it's still pretty rude.
That's where you're wrong boy.
Hurray! A snide remark to ride the karma train!
HUZZAH.
Detroit just filed chapter 9 bankruptcy.
Is that Toby?
"Can you fly, Bobby?"
He just took fried chicken and ran by them.
He should have gone to Flint, MI instead
he probably took the wrong clothes out of the wrong washing machine
Maybe he got to know them at the bar and then they were up to do it
which one are you?
I'd be running to if Pyramid Head was running after me
Man, that guy over the white dude's left shoulder has a really weird hat on; it has a hand popping out of it at the top.
The one with the hoodie is the most dangerous
I imagine it went something like this, "Hey, can you niggers help me take a photo?"
I thought the guy in the middle has a black kkk hat. 
Looks like Toby Turner....makes sense.
Reminds of the Most Dangerous Game scene in Kentucky Fried Movie.  
Its okay man. She should know that you cant simmer the Zimmer.
Guys got nuggets, I'll give him that.
Re
I wonder what the white dude had to say to get them to agree to take a picture like this without them actually beating the crap out of him.
I respect him 
This is the best version of these kind of jokes I've seen. :)
kid goes hard and has a sack the size of zeus 
I really thought that was Tobuscus for a second.
Just a couple of fine urbanized youths out for a night of shenanigans. Nothing to see here.
"Yo gangstas, wassup? So I was walking down the hall..."
I can: This
God the more I reddit the more reposts I see, it's depressing 
This post is ancient in internet years.
I can. .Anecdote: .I got into a fight outside a bar, me and a couple buddies fought these three kids for disrespecting our women, standard shit. One kid ends up knocked out on his back, twitching, eyes shuttering, the whole bit. His friends are all "he's really hurt man you guys really hurt him." Yeah well he touched my girl, he's lucky as it is. We walk away. These two black dudes saw the whole thing and started yelling he got knocked the fuck out a la .. We all laughed and jumped around drunkenly, as we walked away I told them "if the cops come tell them some black guy did it," oh boy did we have a laugh. Not two blocks down we get into another fight, lay this kid out (he walked out a bar and grabbed my lady's chest, I cracked him in the back if the neck, my buddy nailed his buddy, asshole ends up tossed onto moving taxi's hood, rolls off the side, catches the curb and he's out cold in a bloody mess, whoops) same two black dudes walk by and one goes "you see those black guys? They're fucking everybody up tonight! OHHHHH!" It was hilarious. I hope those guys learned some respect, and that they're okay, but mostly that they don't disrespect or fondle anymore ladytypes.
Is it bad that I've seen this twice... on facebook?
They are chasing him to get his money to re invest it back into the city, as it is now bankrupt the people have to be financially responsible.
Saw this a couple months ago, or a year, Anyway repost
Was wondering if I would see that picture of the gang of black dudes and the one naked white dude with his butthole wrecked..I'd post it here but I would rather not search for that...
I'm pretty sure that happens to everyone. When you're new, you see "new" contents, which turns out to be reposts. You read comments like "This is a repost! OP is a bundle of sticks! etc., etc...." But then you're like "This is the first time I've seen this, so it's all good, bla bla bla..." And people start saying mean stuff to you. .Later on, you see reposts, you do the same, new redditors will say something along the lines of "Well, I'm new and I've never seen this, so thanks OP for reposting this for those of us who haven't seen it." and you probably feel the same as those people who were jerks to you when you were new and said something similar..I felt the same thing recently when I saw a repost, then I read the comments inside about "Oh it's a repost? Well it's the first time I've seen it, so I'm glad it's reposted bla bla bla" Then I realized I used to think like that too..The longer you stay with/in something, the more same shit you see over and over again. :/
Thank you, as you can see from my profile, I've only been a redditor for about a day; I haven't seen 95% of the stuff on here, so I wouldn't know if it's a repost unless someone decides to make a big deal about it.
I've been here for 5 months, a little longer as a "lurker" and I still see stuff that's new to me that others have pointed out as a repost. I actually like to know if it's a repost, how old it is, how many times, etc. so that I can kind of "keep up to date". I like the bot that points out the number of times a content is reposted and the dates it was reposted, rather than have someone blasting it and cursing it as one. I am in no way saying that . was being like that, but rather pointed out a very good observation which all redditors (should) have experienced. The longer you're a redditor, the more reposts you will see.
Now, this is a story all about how...
Hasn't Detroit completely burned to the ground or gone bankrupt by now?
I feel like i've seen this before
This should be the cover photo for detroits tourist phamplets
"when a couple of guys, there were up to no good..."
"I'll give you my nympho sister's number"
Why OP? Because you see them as sub-human?  .If this was Florida that white man could turn around and kill them claiming "self-defense" and he would be found innocent even if the jury found out that he asked them to do it.
I am pretty gangster myself.
My exact thoughts. I was scrolling through looking for a "Is that Tobusucs" comment.

I hope they murdered him.
Repost
I drove through Flint once, was not a nice place. 
Why just because they are black ? Wearing bandannas to keep the dirt out of their mouth ? Or ..? 
I know exactly what he said; too bad it's racist.
well apparently Detroit is bankrupt now
I'm pretty sure this is a still from a movie, and he's just photoshopped himself in.

detroit is broke :(
Someones from minnetonka or went to school in Iowa or knows al..And yes he did ask it was for a grad photo if I remember correctly and I believe his mom took it.
The guy with an arm for a reverse-KKK hat is the most disturbing...
Twist: The person taking the picture is part of the group chasing the man down.
We recently finished this music video, it wasn't that tough to get people to play along 
Maybe one of the other guys (or the photographer) put the picture together.  ."I can't imagine them asking this guy to take this picture"  would have also worked.
Nigger? Was it nigger? Do you think he might have said nigger?
I bet some Hispanic member of the neighborhood watch saw this and decided to take justice into his own hands by shooting and killing all the black guys in the photo.
If they came back for him after he stopped following them, pushed him to the ground and started bashing his head into concrete he had every right to shoot them.
whoa now, I didn't say whether I thought it would have been right or wrong, I was just making a comment. so much for my karma. =(
Those guys must have been pretty lighthearted and easy going to participate in that photo for fun.
You mean the original posters mom.
Ironically, there is a post directly below this (at this moment) about a Dr Suess rhyme for reposters.
That could be who the "him" in the title is referring to.

Yeeesssss
Stereotypical scary black people of the 70's weren't very scary looking at all. They looked snazzy as fuck. 
I like how he even went to the other side of the tracks.
I was checking to see if someone posted this.  Kentucky Fried Movie...one of the best little-known movies of all time.  It was downright prophetic with Detroit!
Top youtube comment: .Priceless. 

Boooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
It's clearly a set up photo though, were not debating that, right?
I actually think a lot of morons here think this wasn't set up.
Except for Windermere cleaners is in Cleveland. 
As a Clevelander, the east side has a shit ton of bad press, but it's not like it's a bunch of mindless criminals. While it is definitely a concern, for anyone, you're infinitely more in danger as a young black man than a young white man. .I've ran (for sport) and driven through there countless times and never felt threatened.
We're not Detroit!
This checks out..Nice sleuthing nobodyknowsimgaylol. Windermere is a neighborhood of East Cleveland.
Best YouTube video ever
There's two of them!

Hey! I used to pass that all the time when I was working in that area. Good catch!
Well, Nice find there! 
As a black guy from detroit, I like taking pics with people. (Then again i grew up in birmingham.)
Roll Tide, sir.
Ya nice try... black people in birmingham... good one ;)
Birmingham is about as much 'Detroit' as a ham sandwich is a muslim's snack.
So, not actually from Detroit at all then.
Which Birmingham?
Probably the one that's a suburb of Detroit.
There's a Birmingham, Mi. It's by Detroit. 
I'm also a fellow metro Detroit-er. Do you ever have people from other states ask you if you know Eminem or Kid Rock? It happens to me way too often.
I live in metro Detroit..
Well? Do you?
Not in the slightest bit. But I have met a few Red Wings. 
Could you try to get me Eminems autograph?
Kid rock stops by at a bar in town once in a while
All the time.  I can't even mention mile markers.
It's honestly the most annoying thing right? 
I had a roommate from Escanaba.  I bet that's worse! 
No way! I love Escanaba. My high school English teacher was from there. 
Haha!  She told me about a time when her 4th of july was snowed out.  That's rough!
Yeahh the UP definitely has a longer winter than most down river Michiganders.
How many white people have you stabbed?  AMA please?
ALABAMA RITE!!??!!?!
Metro Detroit is still Detroit.
Birmingham is the exact opposite of Detroit, though. 
Bloomfield Hills and Frankin are both in Metro Detroit.
You must live in Metro Detroit.
Ehhhh... Depends where you're at
6 or 7 years ago it wasn't..I remember going to college and meeting tons of new people from Metro Detroit. They would say "I'm from Birmingham, Grosse Point, Farmington Hills, Royal Oak, etc." and I would be like "Oh, so Detroit?" and they would all be like "NO, I am NOT from Detroit". Then a few years later as Detroit started to make a bit of a comeback, those same people all of a sudden were proud of being "from Detroid"
Detroit is a GOOD place to be from...  Away from...  Far from....Source:  I grew up in "The Rouge" (pronounced roo-uhge).
I know it was unintentional, but I enjoy "Detroid" (Detroit-like) as meaning "Metro Detroit, but not Detroit."
*Grosse Pointe. .People are dumb. I always say I am from Detroit if I am out of town or state. Just as a frame of reference. But if you are in the area then you might as well specify Mount Clemens, Grosse Pointe, etc. 
I grew up 10 miles from St Louis MO but lived in Illinois. I gave up on saying I'm from Illinois because everyone would automatically assume I meant Chicago.But now I live in Chicago so it's all good
The Rouge is a good place to be far from. .Source: Non down river-rat. 
I'm in D.C.  Far enough?
I think you went too far.
As a skinny white kid living in Detroit asking black people to get a picture with you isn't scary. It's when you don't ask and this goes down that you have issues. 
It just makes the photo look more realistic.
So, basically, you give them your phone, your wallet and all the cash you got and ask them to use your phone to take a picture and send it to you by email :)
only if it's your punk ass
No
Just stop
This same comment in a . sub would have opposite karma. 
People seem to missing one possibility . . . every one of those people in that picture could, you know, be friends. 
Probably in the same theater group.
Well he spoke of a "trip" to Detroit. Even though it's a possibility he has a bunch of friends there, it's not the most logical explanation. 
What if I told you that the text and the picture were made by different people? 
So? That just means neither of us know the real context of this picture and there is no point arguing that one explanation is more logical than another. 
You get that logic shit out of here.
That'd be like a manatee and a different colored manatee being friends!
Is that even.. you know.. legal o.O 
Well clearly the narrator isn't from Detroit (nor has he been there before), so why would he be friends with so many people who live there?

Because the person who put the caption on the pic is DEFINITELY the person in the pic.
"Could I trouble you nice gentlemen to assist me with something?"
Nice try but that is in Orlando...
this is in cleveland.
HEK tag in the background.
I'm pretty sure it's actually in Cleveland
Confirmed, Cleveland. 
how the fuck?
There are a lot of people on Reddit. The chances of someone recognizing a specific location in a large city are not that bad.
that...and I just realized the name of a cleaners is in the picture. the rest is google history.
that reminds me... i need to clean mine... 

Thugs are people too.
You dont even have to ask, wear the new jordans in size 10-12. Show some cash and say ninjas got me fucked up. Then run.
"Hello you poor devils!" 
I logged in especially to up vote this. Wonderful stuff
I'm just imagining how that went down.
Smooth like 
Take a second look at the picture and it is obvious.

Like this?

Perhaps he was thinking: 
If you need directions in a hood... keep driving straight... Just keep driving...
but what if there's a dead end ahead?
the "hood" is just another term to separate and demean people from society, you know......alot of people find that really offensive and sometimes even really hurtful.......especially black people who might live in the hood and may be good people......its ok black and sometimes wht people of reddit who are in the hood...there are understanding people out there who care about ur condition....
Found the black guy.
I hope you realize your shitty spam takes away from other users' experiences. Mostly coz we have to weed through the bullshit troll comments. Kindly fuck off.
It may be hurtful, but if an area has a high crime rate and is dangerous to go out at night...it's earned it's title. 
hahaha
Did I ever mention black people? No. There are white hoods, hispanic hoods, asian hoods..Hood basically a place where there's a lot of violence..I've had an attempted robbery done on me with a gun, actually fired as well. In a hood. So no chances... 
This is a troll
I know, that was more a comment to everyone else. There are people as dumb as him that don't actually try to be idiots, they just are. 
Classic Clark.
Did I stutter?
Me neither, can you even imagine? Man, black people sure are scary to talk to.
Well duh, that's why you just carry a gun with you wherever you go. Worked for the Zim Zam
Keep it on Facebook. Actually keep it to yourself 
Can't flim flam the zim zam
This is the first time I've laughed at anything related to Zimmerman.
No, black people are not scary. But a bunch of young guys (notice no emphasis on race) hanging on a street corner in a poor neighborhood might be.
that's ageist, and no better than being racist. go fuck yourself.
Especially when they are black.
Those are your words, not mine - Luke 23:3
Reality begs to differ.  Ignoring racial stereotypes isn't going to make them go away.

Holy Cow!  That was actually difficult for me to watch!.....We've got a long way to go.
You mean the same guys who wear expensive clothing and have ipod touches but don't have any phones on them?.Yeah those guys are scary.
Who in our day and age still uses an iPod?!
I keep an iPod just so I can use it in my car. It basically lives in my car.  
I still have a separate mp3 player. I prefer to get the most out of the device, so if it's listening to songs, I want a dedicated player doing that as well as it can... instead of a phone half assing a bunch of functions and sucking up battery. 
Plus, . need room on my phone for pictures of my dogs and kid. I can't use my precious space for my considerable music collection. 
did they make trouble in your neighbor hood ? 
"notice no emphasis on race"  .I like how you point that out... racist. You even go and say "in a poor neighborhood". Man, I really think you're afraid of minorities. 
Also, asking a group of people to do something that they might see as racist could potentially create a vortex of pure awkwardness.
No, actually, I don't think "ageism" is a thing. And if it was, it would be true. I would rather meet a huddled group of old guys on the corner rather than a young hip group.
playing b-ball ?  up to no good ? 
Well, to be perfectly honest, I would not be scared of a bunch of octogenarians, so yes.
Its not agism. Its a stereotype. The funny thing about stereotypes is that as much as you may deride people for having them, that doesnt make them any less true..99% of kids are dumb little fucktards. Thats just empirical truth. Putting them in groups that hang out on street corners is like a condensed form of the same ratio. The chance of them not being fucktards borders on astronomical. 
racism, this thread has it.  also, classism..protip, people are people.
Are you trying to tell me that only black people live in poor neighborhoods? And you call . racist?
No. That is what you were implying..edit: 
Really? I don't think so and I wrote the damn comment. You are the one implying things. Racist.
I AM NOT A RACIST! DON'T YOU SEE? I PUT THAT THING ABOUT NOT TALKING ABOUT RACE EVEN THOUGH I TALKED ABOUT RACE... (Oh my God! I'm partially racist!) NO. I AM NOT. YOU ARE THE RACIST. THAT'S RIGHT. (heh heh, got him now. Turning the tables to fit my view of reality. Nobody questions my racism level.) - MadWombat
Are you frustrated? People that get proven wrong tend to get very angry.
Uhh you're the one that busted into all caps ya loony. 
Did you read my full comment? Even the part that said "-MadWombat"? Do you know what that means?
dawg
Pretty sure that was sarcasm, guy.
[deleted]
I do not.
You are an asshole, you edited your comment to maker my comment look bad.
Not on purpose, that guy corrected me that it wasn't a joke so much as sarcasm. Not throwing you under the bus man.
"maker"
It wasn't even a joke. It was sarcasm. 
I don't think so, I am pretty sure it was racism.
you're a fucking retard, so yea, there's that.
mentally challengedism
You make yourself look bad, dude.
Don't talk to your maker that way
No kidding.
Depends on what they're wearing. Damn punks wearing hoodies!
And their skittles!
And their Lean.
Is this a Treyvon Martin reference? 
Nah. Hoodies are just shady-as-fuck, you see.
No, but it might be a . Martin reference
Yes, they do provide shade for your face on a sunny day. 
And if you're head is cold don't even think about putting that hood over it! Or so help me!
I'm hoping somebody "whooshes" me. I wear hoodies all the time, doesn't mean I'm a bad guy. I just like hoodies
It's a reference to how Trayvon Martin was wearing a hoody.  People think Zimmerman profiled him in part because he wore one.
Congratulation you win the Internet!
Seriously, hoodies are comfortable and practical.
Yeah, they have that convenient pocket in the front for easy access to your 9, but you have your hands free when you don't need it! As a bonus they have that hood to help cover your face!
it's been 1 minute since your comment, so I GUESS I'll have to man up and do it.  
Thanks bro, appreciate it
You're pretty nice for a guy that wears hoodies!
Huh/Wha?/IDon'tGetIt?/It'sAllOverMyHead?/Won'tSomeoneExplainItToMe/OMG,SomebodyWhooshMe.com.EDIT: I'm working on my day drinking. 
shouldn't it be put that 'ring' back where it came from? 
THIS IS HILARIOUS!  DEFINITELY HILARIOUS!  AND I KNOW HILARIOUS!  AND THIS IS HILARIOUS!!!   ....  :|
Incidentally, his big brother Sauron Wazowski wanted the opposite to happen.
Put that ring back or so help me!
The plot of Lord of the Rings?
 really has gone down-hill these days...
It's a musical!
Surprisingly, also the plot of Monsters Inc
the only thing to make me laugh today
But a ring is a thing!
 A shining bling thing. 
I'm just going to leave . here
My precious
Oh man, this was great. This deserves at least 400 upvotes.
actually, here is the most badass actual song summarizing Lord of the Rings. 

So help me! So help me! And cut.
wait a minute, did you just steal a youtube comment?
You just took this from the top comment of the video on Youtube. Really?
The best I can do is 7
Actually it should be: Put that ring back where it came from or so help me.
It's perfect! I'll take ten of them!
Let me get my buddy down here he's an expert in karma predictions
That's what my girlfriend would say .If I had one
Can someone explain this to me?
In LOTR (Lord of the Rings), Frodo must journey to Mt. Doom to return the "evil ring" back to where it was created (that is the only way to destroy it).
Oh man I was slow. I was thinking they wanted to give it back to Bilbo or something and I was thinking how much that would not work.
pixar ad ? . it could happen


fuck you!! u were in schoil wonce 2
lol he mad
Looks like you need to stay in there for another while.
In German it translates to "Put that thing back immediately otherwise you'll be in trouble!" Bum, bum, bum, bum
Aaand why is this relevant?
Asking as a german myself.
FTFY
Simple. Elegant. 
There's a Led Zeppelin song that actually does explain the plot of LotR. It's called Ramble On.
Why's the line "I gotta find my girl" in the chorus then? Who's that referring to?
The battle of evermore also
Yeah, they were actually really big fans of the books.
[deleted]
I cant tell if you are being sarcastic, or your 12.
You do know the movies were books first, right?
No...no, no no nonononononono....no.

Oh mylanta....

HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAhahahah ah hah ha heh... nah
Oh dear fuck, please tell me that's a joke.
I don't think it was a joke. They deleted their comment b/c I tried to reply to it and couldn't.
What did it say??
I didn't see their comment but i'm guessing it was something along the lines of how Led Zeppelin could have written a song about Lord of the Rings if the movies weren't out back then
They were trying to correct u/IveAlreadyWon by saying Lord of the Rings came out in 2001 and Led Zeppelin was from the 1950s.
That's ridiculous!....Zeppelin was a 70s band.
Heh. Those things are both wrong...

Mike: "NOW PUT THAT THING BACK WHERE IT CAME FROM, OR SO HELP ME---! Oh, hey. We're rehearsing a - a scene for the upcoming company play called uh, Put That Thing Back Where It Came From Or So Help Me. It's a musical. Put that thing back where it came from or so help me..."
Sulley: "Bom, bom, bom, bom..."
Mike: "So help me! So help me! And cut. We're still working on it, it's a work in progress but, hey, we need ushers."
Mike Wazowski, explaining why he was yelling
Put That Thing Back Where It Came From Or So Help Me was originally a fake play invented on the spot by Mike Wazowski as he and Sulley were attempting to return Boo, a human girl, back to her room and were nearly caught by other members of the company. It was later turned into a real play that was performed at Monsters, Inc.
Wait, when did it turn into a real play?
You see bits of it being performed in the stinger at the end..Here's a youtube video of it! 
It was one of those things at the end or beginning on the credits.
She's out of our hair.And just when I dare to care.She says, "Au contraire!" .You're my pair of friends.I love you
Ah gotch'ya. Been a while since I saw Monsters Inc.
bum, bum, bum, bum
So help me! so help me!
And cut!
It's a musical!
It's a work in progress, it's gonna get better.
Shes out of our haaaaiiiirrrr!
i think everyone forgets that all good movies are ripped off of homers the illiad..........the more u know 
hahaha
This account.....It doesn't work...
Novelty Accounts either.A) Provide a useful service (quickmemetranscriber, conversionbot).B) Are funny/ entertaining (Shitty_Watercolor, CationBot, and even Ferd down there sometimes).If it is not one of these, reconsider what you are doing, please.
Looked up u/CationBot expecting cats. There were no cats. 
just gonna throw this piece of advice out their: if you are gonna make racist jokes about how black people talk then your gunna get downvoted. im not saying you cant do it im just saying that when you do it you'll get downvoted and your just degrading the content of redit. try restoring it. (dw mods i got this)
...what.Edit: Based on your post history, I shall assume you are some sort of obscure novelty account. Carry on.
It's a line from the movie you anal retentive jackass...
How was any of that racist?  Seriously?  They're quoting Monsters, Inc.
He his. He even has his own subreddit with dedicated fans. .I don't even understand. 
Almost 900 people. Christ.
I'm guessing you don't know who FabulousFerd is...
So we are downvoting those unfortunate souls that are trolled long with the trolls now too?
I didn't downvote him, but it seems people don't like those who feed the troll..Edit: him, not you.
Well I wasn't trolled, or downvoted for being trolled, I was simply asking if that's a thing now... it seems sad.
Where are the mods in this. Thanks Ferd for taking the initiative. All jokes aside are we ready to restore redit? 
Thanks for asking the hard questions

not enough "wow" and "such"


I hate this one, it's spammed on /v/ all the time and it's the least funny of the bunch.

Shortened version.1/10
I don't know why, but I find these oddly hilarious. 
you might like . or . then
What's the difference between shibe and super shibe? 
one of them is super.

needs more wow.
I like how the hoop slides down at the end...It's like the equivalent of shattering a glass bankboard!
I was expecting something to go horribly wrong
He broken pole holding up the the hoop!
That was awesome
I'm too impressed for words...besides these of course
Very cool - being creative, getting exercise, and having fun without video games! GO KIDS!!!
Holy shit. This is the first time i've seen an image/article/video/etc somewhere else before reddit's frontpage. TheScore (Canadian Sports Broadcaster) has this on their facebook page a few days ago..REDDIT IS LOSING IT'S TOUCH
However many times it took them to get this right, it was totally worth it.
Anybody else notice that the guys dunk forced the entire basket ball hoop post to retract? Or is that just my eyes screwing with me?
That's fucking teamwork!
"Gentleman, this will be the greatest thing any of us ever achieve in this life."
Disclaimer: Not many frat boys were harmed in the making of this film.
fuckin epic finish right there.
Andy scores?
Does no one work these days........?
It's late afternoon... they were probably at that all damn day.
you should tell them to apply for 
after watching the world record amount of dominoes fall on youtube, this made my day... now can someone add the NBA Jam announcer to it?
Fatty's just sitting there on the edge, hardly doing any work.
This looks AMAZING reversed!
Wow thats awesome
The plays
A Rube Goldberg machine made of men... interesting.
Mother of slam dunks _
... but did anyone spot the moonwalking gorilla?
This is HILARIOUS!/s
I saw this last night on my local news station. Must have been a slow night. They interviewed the last guy who did the slam dunk. Took them half and afternoon to get it right. The last guy has aspirations of getting to the nba. 
how many times do you think they had to do this before they got it right?
That was epic!!
Weee front page of Reddit 2 years ago! Anyone else feel like pointing out how old this is? No? Okay...
Repost
Pssh I wanna see someone do a barrel roll at least...
Can someone please have this play through then freeze on the last frame and have it say "The plays.".I would be forever indebted..Or atleast give me a tip on how to do it myself. dunno how to edit gifs.
The guy just sitting at the edge of the pool doesn't deserve any credit.
super lol =))
Anyone else literaly say "Oh!" out loud?
it doesn't any more hilarious than this, folks.
Traveling
Cool.
White people dunking?! Have an up vote! 
Nice shot, but that backyard setup is whats gets my up vote. 
I think the dunk needs to be more Michael Bay like.  Full on explosion and fire.  "WUB WUB WUB WUB....  
Not funny at all.
I like how drake bell got really excited at the end
Great ball movement !!! 
This is better than the NBA Slam Dunk contest
Some of my friends did this a couple years ago. 
Glorious.
this was on youtube and they did this for a water donation thing for people without clean water (any money this video got)
I can't image how long this took to get right.
It really bothers me how long the guy holds the ball at the end. Still pretty awsome!
True hero is the second kid to jump into the pool for saving that awful throw.
Dammit, I want to be young again!
..and it only took 348 takes! 
I really want to make one of these videos. Phase 1: Acquire friends. 
...then Call of Duty came out
travel
This is why kids need summer vacation. To be able to reach boredom levels of such heights that they plan out bizarre shit like this.
I regret that I have but one upvote to give to this scarily well orchestrated human Rube Goldbergian performance.
No running 
This is fantastic!
My fave is the kid in the yellow getting all gitty after the dunk
This is why I want the weekends off lol
Dunk so hard make the rim fall down.
In Marv Albert's voice: "YES"!
didnt see anyone else say this, but this video is from the Vine app for phones, reddit has been doing this a lot lately
I came to the comments to find the other gif that I've seen on reddit that's just like this. Anyone?
I was looking for that bot that reports all the times this has been posted before but cant find it.  My guess is that this was the repost count was too high and broke the bot.  Or its still tallying them all up after 5 hours.
How the hell is this funny?
This is got to be one of the most funny thing's I've seen today. 
Whenever I see these I think, "I wish I had the time to sit around the pool and fuck around like this all day." Then I close the tab and get back to work as a keyboard jockey.
I'd like an outtakes video.
That's fucking teamwork!
dudeperfect has ruined all these gifs/videos for me.
9GAG! 
Is that the nba? No, so go fuck yourself
Oh my GOD DOES he score!
This is the coolest thing ever
He clearly traveled.
*And THEY score!
OMG, I know these all of these kids, they all go to my highschool. I remember about 3 years ago, they made this video and put it up on Facebook and it went viral. Small world.
OH MAN THIS IS HILARIOUS
Not funny, but definitely entertaining. Also, shitty gif instead of video.
BRAVO! well done guys
Is this a 9gag link?
That backyard looks hella fun..Yes, "hella."
It's like mousetrap.  Except it actually works.
they should have won the ESPY for best team
Hes on fire..!
It would've been cool, if that guy hadn't been sitting at the end. That takes so much away from it
I wonder how many times they tried this, I guess some of the trial shots can be taken for "fail compilation" videos, swimming pool, trampoline, balls, water and jumping... to many risks haha
BOOOM-SHAKA-LAKA!!!!
There is something about the hoop collapsing at the end that ups my enjoyment immensely. It is either because the hoop appears to be in on the chaos, or the hoop is bowing to the awesomeness of it all.
prediction time...This will be on tosh.0, followed by 'I'm better than you..nah, nah, boo, boo'..Tosh will not do better than this though, but will still claim smug superiority.
Rich kids really do have more fun.
REPOST!!!!!!!!!! .There's a cliff you can go jump off, whore!
repost
He shoots! Andrew with the assist. Brian with the assist. Kevin with the assist. David going for the assist, and Alex slams it in the hole!
Does anybody else notice this was on 9gag?
That dunk at the end was seriously impressive!
What about this is funny, exactly?
The camera man should have scored it in the end
It's like Human Rube Goldberg machine
The guy in the yellow shorts shit himself after the last kid made the shot.
I've accomplished so much more in 3 months of summer then 10 months of school. 
Why is this in .? And why not a direct link to the vine? Give them some credit for all their hard work. 

All I could think during that is, man... what a nice house.
These guys have a pimpin backyard.
why is all this vine shit making its way on here
That was SICK!
specfuckingtacular. 
Every time you dunk on one of those damn hoops it slide all the way down.
This basketball hoops never stayed up...
wishing I had enough friends to do this.
yaaa! rich kids!...
what was that nine at the top of the screen?
Wtf why do people thumbs this up its a repost
All I could hear when he came flying in and slammed that ball was BOOM-SHAKA-LAKA!!!
How come vines always make it to the front page?
BOOM! Shakalaka
Anyone else see this on vine? 
Here is the full vine: 
What an awesome yard.
Yah, but did you see the guy dressed as a bear moonwalking backwards!
1.Let 'scores' = 'prays'
The quick spastic reactions you always see at the end of these are a sure fire way to kno this prob took 2 hours and 100 attempts
This is the kind of stuff parents should be encouraging their kids to do. Think about it. It requires teamwork, coordination, lateral thinking, creative problem solving, exhaustive practice, and the result is something genuinely rewarding. This seems like an extremely useful way to spend someone's leisure time.
"yeah mom...we're going swimming."
Saw this on fb yesterday, what a tool.
What's really amazing to me is that they're all white!
Why are all those people together in the same place, at the same time, as if they actually enjoy being in each others' company?   What's going on here?  
And this is funny!
This seems like something that would have been a lot of fun to do as a kid. I'm sure they spent like an hour trying to do this. I totally remember doing this kind of shit when I was 14 and it was pretty fun.
Isn't that the 9gag symbol on the top of the tab? Is this from 9gag?
Front page gifs brought to you by the best of vine.

wat
Not so much funny, just awesome. You still have my upvote.
*Oh my god do I score! *
I saw it on vine 

rich kids at work
This looks extremely easy. They even have the last passer be stationary to make sure he gives an easy pass to the shooter, who is range to dunk it and make sure he never misses.
That first one: I didn't even notice the first guy jumped over the fence to score. 
Yeah, I've heard that before.
Who else just kept watching this? :)
can you post a youtube link?
there are too many different variations for me to find the exact one ....youtube waterbasketball trick shot
He ruined the entire thing for me. Everything else was negated by that last leg of modifiable timing.
The exploding basketballs made it for me. Oh the video edits of yester year. 
After seeing that, i was pretty upset when the ball didn't explode the rest of the time.  
this is 9gag.... look at url while on gif.
Yea, the first kid I to the pool had the easiest job and almost ruined it
 
Being broke and a teen I had so much fun...  now, i can be bored with $1000 to spend in my pocket..Hmmm... maybe I'm lame.

that was actually entertaining... am i really on r/funny ?
Now that's what hanging out by the pool is all about!
That dunk is really impressive...
That is a sweet backyard set-up
Badass.
360 noskop 420 blaze it bacon flip swag scope 
OH MY GOD do I score!
Upper middle class, has way to much time on their hands.
The look on the guy who dunks it at the end - brilliant.
Even the hoop did something.
FOUL. 
That last shot is too easy because the guy sitting on the edge of the pool resets any momentum that the ball had. 
The momentum isn't the impressive feature. It's the finesse of teamwork. .It's not the horsepower of the boat's engine,
It's the motion of the ocean that counts.

I agree, the thing that is impressive is all of the timed receiving and passing of the ball while in mid air (or slide) before splashing into the pool.  When it gets to the kid sitting on the edge, it negates everything before that and just turns into a simple alley-oop. So close to awesome. Fat kid ruins everything. 
Yes exactly, the last guy kind of ruins the whole thing for me. He's just sitting there doing nothing.
Did OP just post something from 9gag to reddit?

9gag is paying for all the bandwidth even if it is a repost.
omg something from the internet has been to other parts of the internet!?!
Anyone else think the guy on the edge of the pool was sitting on a tube at first?.No, just me. OK.
I had to look again to see that it wasn't a tube.
yes

Me and my friends find it hard enough to successfully call over to each other houses on time
Maybe if you texted back
text me
op pls
pls reply
k
thonx
As a mother with a pool, a clubhouse with a slide, and a couple of dipshit kids in the back yard at this very minute, I think I need to get some monster in these kids, show them this video, and see where the afternoon takes us.  


Ok, I was confused, I thought this was a mirrored version of ..  
this one is better if anything
_ .Random stalker running and looking what the kids are doing at 0:14
The person in the blue shirt was talking to them over the fence just as the video starts.

Is there actually a video source for this? It's been around years and I've never seen it, I guess it's just not as funny as the gif version?
Tosh even had the guys on his show to recreate it.
Crazy to think those kids might be in college by now.
Right here. . 
Spoiler alert: it isn't.
I was sure it was going to be that rap battle one...
That wasn't funny in the slightest, and it doesn't belong in this subreddit. This belongs in r/gifs.
This guy really hates summer. 
And underscores
They are a scourge to humanity and 
I miss those middle of the week summer days when I had nothing to do but get together with friends to pull off something stupid like this.  Take heed young men, these days will not last forever, enjoy them now.
No kidding!  And these guys seem like they'd be a lot of fun to hang out with.
"Gather ye rosebuds while ye may" should be required reading for all kids. :)
So true. I'm in the last years of my childhood and I try to enjoy this time as much as possible, but I, and the most people in this age I know, didn't appreciate this time much and were hoping to . be grown up.
Indeed, some of my most fond memories (and longest lasting scars) are due to a total lack of responsibility and an abundance of time.  Meeeeeemmmmmoooorrrrriiiiieeeessss!!!  All alone in the moooonnnnllliiiigggghhhhttttt...
There is a relevant quote by George Bernard Shaw: 
You belong in r/anal
Please forgive me :'(



 and 

This isn't funny at all, it is very awesome though!

Welcome to ..
Yeah. I was thinking the same thing, and it took me a while to decide which subreddit this belonged in more. I would say ..
I call it the . . . cluster of interchangeability. 
Judging by the amount of water out of the pool, looks like they tried this several times.  Holy shit, that was cool tho..TLDR Amount of water outside the pool is too damn high.

Was anyone really under the impression that this was the first attempt?
Considering there are seven of those 13 year olds and a pool, I think it's safe to assume that shitloads of water around has to be expected under any circumstances.
Can you shorten your tldr? It was still a little long for me :/
TL;DR DM;SS
He just wanted to use a meme.
TLDR dis hard dey suck

TL;DR Water pool tried shit cool.
Instructions unclear, shit in pool.
Water Sports. (typed with one hand)
There's probably another subreddit for that, mate.
Spare me your medical mumbo jumbo. 

We're going to open you up, and tinker with your ticker.
I like water.
Water play be funny
Funny water play
Can you dumb it down a bit?
pool cool
water
Now you just sound like a jakovasaur.
h2o
gaaaaatoraaaade...
h2o
pool


You out couldn't hit the back side of a barn.

woOOOOOAAHHHHHHHH! 
He's on fire!!!


DAN MARLEY IS EN FUEGO

IS IT THE SHOES?!
IT'S GOTTA BE THE SHOES!
No, Mars


The nail in the coffin!







Also,
Now replace the ball with an upvote and you have a reddit quality gif.
And put some kind of joke on the link, like, "You jumped through hoops for your upvote!"

IDK, I think the gif will look like a strong downvote...

I've made a request ., let's see if they deliver.
Better with a downvote, on the slam dunk

Pretty sure they won't deliver
I made another request .. I hope they do deliver.

It would be funny if there were variations:.1) Starts off as a downvote and then gradually turns into an upvote..2) Starts off as an upvote and then when the last guy dunks it it turns into a downvote..Edit: too many f's.Edit II: I can not into recognition off "off" and "of"
   .credits goes to 
It should be like NBA Jam with the ball gradually being set on fire. 
Combo breaker .gif, I like how you think.
Every time someone handles the ball it should change back and forth, until the glorious explosion of downvote at the end.
Starts off* as. I think you already had the right number of f's
Second idea is perfect!
you're making this more complicated than it needs to be.


Mother of God. It's... it's beautiful.

I think this would look awesome as a down vote gif
Looks like the Detroit Pistons from the late Eighties.
I wish I was a little bit taller, I wish I was a brawler 
Highly unlikely that it is, but it looks like Eddie Guerrero
Human Tornado is so underrated.
I can never tell who that move hurts more. 
Ack jockey attack!
That's not real wrastling!

So much humiliation
Guy in the background: totally unphased.

unfazed
Guy in the background probably just watched the 400 times they had tried that before finally getting it right.
I believe that's . (pictured here doing more sitting) the late NWA promoter and all-around "guy who has seen lots of this shit".Here's the SoundGIF: .Seems like right as they pan away from him, he is at least somewhat fazed.

Perhaps I was referring to his unvarying state of being.
That would be accurate. I don't think I've ever seen a phased man.
This always happens.  I was a GIF and then read comments, and someone always points out something in the back, so  I have to watch it again to check.  But you are right, he gives 0 fucks
What was it like being a GIF? Ama?
You were a GIF?!

Details for non-wrestling fans:.The 'attacker' is .  (even if you aren't a wrestling fan, enjoy this one).The 'Victim' is 

My friend saw me watching that gif one day and sent me .. Human tornado over a catchy song
Is he the black wrestler from nacho libre?
atleast hes not a sharknado...
Not even close to being in the elite class of Sharknado
......you were a gif?
He must have a really slow loading time
AMA please
its prounced JIFF asshole!
Just the way the ladies like it ;)
Were you not?
I was?!?
this dude was a gif
He should do an AMA
Still better than the Morgan Freeman AMA.
bae caught me giffin
Hopefully not Kathy Giffin.
I'd watch basketballwrestling
baskebreastling.

How about some MMA basketball instead?
basketbrestling

bawling.

The NBA is about as real as professional wrestling. .EDIT: I actually like basketball, and professional wrestling. I just don't like all the flopping and fouls in the NBA.

Basketbrawl.

At my school, we used to play a game called Basketbrawl. It's pretty much basketball with no rules. Due to the amount of serious injuries, it's been banned :(
My friends and I used to play "baskateball" sometimes, which was basketball on skateboards. It didn't work too well.

We used to call that jungle ball. 

so the NBA
Don't apologize... stand proud in the face of adversity!
if you were sorry you wouldn't be a little bitch about it
We used to call that Tuesday.
On Thursday, and we liked it.
Taco night?
A Rainy Day in South Texas. You pick up the ball and attempt to run toward the basket, so you can shoot, and everyone else in your PE class is blocking/tackling/karate chopping you trying to stop it..I wonder how they got the goal to collapse?
  :)

GLORIOUS
Lovely
I'm just gonna reply since I can't save this at the moment.
This is so fucking awesome. Thanks 
awesome
Love the touch at the end.
Nice work, Lube!
Glorious.
I personally believe this would be better served as a downvote.
the ball cant go through the hoop upside down!
that's pretty damn good
you are amazing.  someone give him gold!
The end just screams NBA JAMS
Great work.
Haha that's perfect!
That score graphic with the turning arrow (solving the fact that a dunk goes down rather than up)?.Brilliant. 

Post to .!
Done :)

Let's hope . is a woman.
Downvote version aswell, pretty please!
Was that... Frame by Frame? Oh god, I'd never have the patience. And is that motion blur I see?
With After Effects auto-keyframing, you can move the object in each frame and it tracks the location differences, it only takes a few minutes to manual track something this short.
Sasquatch.
Yeah, but since it's such a low framerate interpolation is pretty useless. It's actually frame by frame, have a look: 
Yea, that's what I was trying to describe. I didn't mean using the motion tracking, I meant manually moving the object for each frame and then AE captures that new value, it's pretty quick..You might enjoy this video:
Yup, frame by frame, but since it's low res, I didn't really have to try hard. Took me no more than ten minutes. And yeah, MOTION BLUUUURRR!!!!!
it took you only ten minutes?? i made . and it took me more than half an hour!
It's pretty quick in After Effects. This video will show you all the basics to get started:
Well, I guess years of pushing anchor points and keyframes around and using a Wacom tablet are finally paying off :).Paying off in reddit karma for an animated gif that is.
 :)
Is this your job? :P
Now one where it is an upvote until the last dunk, NOPE

It actually makes more sense in downvote form at the end, you know? 
Here's a slight variation to a .
 made by 
Well, this gif specifically is not my job, but the skills I use for work allowed me to make it quickly :)
that was fast, good job man

Best of the 3!

Should have one that actually alternates between upvote and downvote between recipients. 
I'd click on that.
Oh I like that. And you don't know whether you're getting downvoted or upvoted until the slam dunk!
Yes I like this! Imagine how tense the wait would be :)
I...I am a very slow worker.
Or have it constantly flash back and forth and you won't know if it's up or down until the end. Then you'll have to watch with great anxiety to find out which it is "Is it an upvote? Oh please be an upvo-nooooooo" 
You mean like this?

 made a repost one not too long ago
This is great!!!


Glorious!
What happened in the original gif? Did the ball like explode or something?
No, it was his last hit (which was a home run) in the home run derby.
Okay so that explains his idgaf attitude. 
This .gif is fantastic.
I know. How have I not seen it before?!
I wish I had that many friends :[. OO YAY I DO HAVE FRIENDS!! THANK YOU!

I wish I had friends :[[
I CAN BE YOUR FRIEND i want some tooooo :/
Nobody ever pays me in gum :(
I looked at it till my head went dizzy
I would be the one person to mess up that chain
And I wish I had a ball :[
I don't know man, I think I'd rather play starcraft by myself.
As you get older you begin to hate everyone. It's comforting.
Hate is a bit strong.  It's more a nagging irritation.
Screw you, whippersnapper!
I think I had that many friends when I was 12.... so mostly I wish I was 12 again. Now I have about 0.5 friends, a dog, and a full time career.
A dog is equal to at least 2-3 friends!  Your friends aren't excited by you literally waking up in the morning :-)
real life :(
At least half of him got away.

the summer wind...
came blowing in...
from across the sea...

He brought us pain and misery... He killed our tribes


Get a pool and a trampoline.  .Source: Had both growing up.  

Simpsons did it.
I have a pool and a trampoline, still no friends
This. Cannot stress this enough. 
Plus a friend with a camera.
And once you get both, a lawyer.
If you build it, they will come.
Step 1: Have money
sharing is caring
You forgot about the waterslide too. Instant friends

Or parents with irresponsible/unsustainable spending habits.  .Fortunately, I moved out before the shit fell apart.  
Your parents must have been an insurance salesman's wet dream...

your name makes me happy
It really doesnt cost much more to insure those types of risks.  Some companies have a 0 tolerance policy, others just put you in a higher priced tier.  Most places in the US that would mean about +$100/year.   .SOURCE: Was an insurance agent licensed in 44 states at one point.  

I don't remember that one.
Her brain was telling her something like, "They're only using you for your pool."
Millpool...
Thrillho
Hey Bart your epidermis is showing!
Soon I'll be queen of summertime.  Err, I mean king.
I'm beginning to think El Barto is Millhouse.
He might just be bartman too..
you couldn't put in that extra little bit of effort to get licensed in all 50 states?
Mgmt decided who was licensed where.  It was based on volume.  Also, it is really easy to get licensed in other states once you are licensed in your home state.  The laws are all pretty much the same.
I don't want to hear anymore excuses young man, you finish your state licensing right now or im telling your father!. bored . right 
I suspect the reason (s)he didn't get those last 6 states was they were precisely the states that would take the . effort.
We were actually there to see your sister, dude. Sorry. 
he knows, he mentioned the trampoline.
and the pool
That was his brother...
I were there for Stacy's mom.
She DOES have it goin' on...

Actually went for Jessies girl
I were there too.
True. She does have it going on. 
I heard that she has this undisclosed thing occurring perpetually
...
Well, the NSA has you targeted.. 
haha no sure, I'm Canadian...?
You think the NSA has limited itself to domestic data theft? That's kind of silly. One of the biggest points of the Snowden leaks, was that the United States wasn't that they were gathering data from within the country, but that they were gathering data from multiple countries..Now, most people already knew the US has been committing global espionage, but not in the manor they were expecting it.
I don't think it matters to the NSA. 
Listen FirebeardVonSexPants (best name possible btw) I was making a joke, in no way do I want my inappropriate comment about an 11 year old girl to turn in to a debate about global espionage.
I'm very wary of this link

You want some .?
Fuck Stacy she's a bitch!

You ladies looking to have a good time toNOIGHT?
I'm going to have to ask that you mail me one of these. Please. 
I can beat this:


Great artwork lol
Batman and Robin look like they have been abused... terribly.
*SUPER MEN
thatfeelbatman.png
Hey, that is super, man!
Shut up and take my money!!
Lmao...they got confused between super and bat
you gots teeth in yo mouth so my dicks got to fit
This looks like it was done by . 
It just looks like Robin is weirdly whispering "Super Man" to Batman.
I would buy 6 of those. 
Special Man
that is the coolest lighter I have ever seen.
Please buy this and mail it to me. I I will reimburse you. 
Sorry, already bought it for myself
Batman is always taking on other identities... 
sheer poetry
I'm Baman, I Piderman, Want to come over to house, we're best friends!
The Artwork reminds me of the Paranoid Android music video 
I was thinking of Brad Neely 
First thing that came to mind
I was thinking 
This was made for ..
It appears to be Dilbert on Halloween.
That's actually pretty brilliant. I gotta hope whomever made it knew exactly what they were doing.
I would gladly purchase this.
You should buy a ton of them and sell them on Etsy. You could get $20 a pop, easy. I'd buy one.
This is hilarious. I think this would sell well in America just because it's so fucking ..
Those Shifty eyes.
I would use the fuck out of that
Something for hipsters
Every time I see a silly or old-school depiction of Batman like this I try to imagine him being trained by Liam Neeson in the Himalayas and it just crumbles into a confetti of retroactivity.
Baman!
It's the mona lisa of chinese lighters. 
Any chance you would be willing to buy that and ship it to me?
Shit that's hip.
Oh, I so want one!
Love the artwork.
I like to imagine those are the words being whispered into Batman's ear by Robin.
I fucking need one of those. Seriously. I love fucked up stuff like that.
pretty sure they make these mistakes on purpose because they know us americans eat this shit up
It is Super and his side kick 'Man'
I think it's the face they make when someone mentions superman, not an incorrect label.
Anymore?
They look super suspicious. 
close enough
China or Brooklyn?
Some market in Nanjing 
that's the sound of my disappointment
woop woop
Watch bag? Watch bag? watch bag! I am art student. Help me speak English. (psyche! buy my shit in this shady back alleyway store!)
it looks like robin is whispering "i think they're onto us" 
Actually I think he's saying:
Not everything has to be in the form of a joke you saw on reddit once.
Or in bold. 
I want this
i need this

something something paper tiger something something 
Yeah, because when I think success I think "largest land border length" and "most countries bordered"
Jimmies status = 

when i think success I actually think of "largest exporter" and "largest steel producer" "largest motor vehicle producer" "largest gold producer" "largest iron producer".fuck did you even read the picture before commenting?  Who are the dumbasses upvoting you? 
I know what the fuck that's some straight out of Fox News bullshit- cherrypicking the 2 least interesting facts on the list. Holy crap I hate people who try and pull shit like that.
I know what the fuck that's some straight out of Reddit bullshit- cherrypicking the 1 news organization on the list. Holy crap I hate people who try and pull shit like that.
Depends. I might be wrong, but quality of life in most of China isn't that great.
What was really depressing to me was the account balance. 
My thoughts upon seeing it too. And it only cost about 3 USD, believe it or not. 
suatmm?
Dude I'll buy one from you if you can pick up another!
If you paid 3USD you got taken, gotta haggle that shit down bro. 
Yeah, you shoulda been paying 3 yuan for that shit. 

why does it matter that there a chinese market.......there just trying to make there money because there kids are in sweatshops and that need birthday toys.......u know also that china stuff is the most sold things in america to so why do u have to make fun of them .....ur the reason racism and segragation still exist in the united states of america....i want u to know that subtle "jokes" perpituate racism btw
I'm calling troll. 15 day old account with -7304 comment karma.
Oh, you screwed up, man. 
That's... fucked up...
Only in my dreams am I privileged to witness such beautiful grammar. How do you do it?
suck 3 dicks.
Then shalt thou sucketh three dicks, no more, no less. Three shall be the number of dicks thou shalt sucketh, and the number of the sucking shall be three. Four shalt thou not sucketh, neither sucketh thou two, excepting that thou then proceed to three. Five is right out.
hahaha
No, it's common knowledge that in places like these you can get a lower price by haggling. Pretty much standard in developing countries and common in some developed countries such as China..But this makes sense, since you're part of the Fabulous Ferds. Fuck you guys.
smoking isnt cool, all my friends smoke but ive been able to resist the peer pressure. i recommend removing this, id hate to see a kid think smoking is cool cuz of this crappy lighter you found in "china town" just stop trying to be funny
:) 
Fuck off Ferd
I think this is supposed to be a joke, but, I had to downvote it anyway. It was just that big of a failure.
This guy is a downvote God. I smile a little every time I see him post. God bless you Ferd, have some downvotes. 
met satan, killed jesus, still jewish.FTFY
Also being Jewish is about ancestry. It is entirely possible to be both Jewish and Christian
Yes and no. It's an ethnoreligious group. So you can be ethnically Jewish, religiously Jewish, or both.
I don't like that he's right, but he is. Stop downvoting him. If you're born a Jew, you'll "always be Jewish" according to the vast majority of people, because it's an ethnicity.
If by majority of people you mean Jewish people only, then yes, you're right.  In the Jewish faith, the religion is passed down matrilinealy: so if your mother is Jewish you are Jewish.  It is not, however, a ethnicity.  
The Hulk did not beat the crap out of Thor.
Not really the same as beating the crap out of him I guess but I'll take any excuse to post 
Wow, seeing it looped like that ruins all the magic, he's not even close to hitting him.  
A simple explanation: It was the shockwave that hit him, I hope that re-suspends your disbelief.
Hmm, I don't know, I think I've found a loophole in the Giant-monster-hitting-alien-god aspect of this movie - now none of it is believable.  
Holy fuck this picture is so stupid my head hurts. 1,400 upvotes.
This is how these kind of posts should be done. Not [FIXED]
I wish I could double upvote this
he met moses too
met Jesus? He killed him!
Iron man is teeming with euphoric bravery.
If you consider The Dark Knight Rises or Wreck It Ralph to be old favorites too, then I see where you're coming from...
Awesome
Two puny gods*
One puny god.  The other did just fine for himself I think.
Ahh Belief Perseverance. When people hold onto their beliefs even in the face of over whelming evidence to the contrary.
He also met Moses 
now put brian from family guy with "met jesus still atheist"
I'm curious where it comes out Tony Stark is an atheist? Not accusing, just genuine interest as I don't recall such a moment?
Bryan met Jesus in family guy
He also met the devil, allah and buddha didn't he?
Thor are Loki are not gods, Tony Stark is not an athiest, and actually in the marvel universe there is a one true god.
he has also met muhammed, yet is still jewish.  He did meet jewish aliens though so that might explain it
*demi gods
Well he also met Moses too...
So?
The picture states that he met Jesus but is still jewish. Ok great he also met Moses who is part of Judaism. 
Iron man shouldnt be considered a super hero considering that he has lasers and rokets n shit
Kyle has also met Moses when he and Kenny was at some jew camp. Don't know what episode, or any of the details though.
But meeting Moses isn't something that contradicts Christianity, but meeting Jesus does kinda contradict Judaism.
No it doesn't. Most Jews still believe Jesus existed.
Jesus being the messiah contradicts Judaism not him being real.
If Kyle had gone back in time to meet a guy called Jesus there wouldn't be an issue with it, but in South Park he is actually the son of God so it does cause problems.
Yes I understand that believing Jesus did exist doesn't contradict Jewish beliefs, but seeing a . Jesus who also has supernatural powers and is actually shown to be the son of god does.
Sorry, I didn't see the episode.
Forgive my absolute ignorance here, but wasn't Jesus crucified by the Romans because he WAS Jewish?
Don't start posting your bullshit into other subreddits 
Jesus was a Jew
He met moses too
So?
How ironic that all of them have the same amount of evidence to prove any of them existed..EDIT: Downvote all you want. let the logic sting.
2edgy4me.PS you are an embarrassment to atheists everywhere.
What, exactly, do you mean?
Hulk, Capt America, Thor, Stan and Jesus all have the share the same amount of evidence as existing in the real world. You dig? Started off as a joke, but explaining it out just kills it.
You just said hulk twice and your syntax was very poor originally..I'm still only about 70% sure that you're trying to say that the fact that various superheroes exist is evidenced as much as the fact that Jesus exists, which would be patently wrong because a considerable amount of evidence is available to suggest the latter. As a joke, though, such a jump in logic would be considered acceptable..At least until you claimed that we should 'let the logic sting.'
Wat? Wow. Sorry, you're so right. They all existed and there's treasure trove Empirical evidence within the texts of Marvel and the Bible alone that proves it. I'm now convinced and soon to be saved and also dressing as Jesus the Dragon Slayer for the next Comic Con.
The fact that historical sources say he existed are the only possible evidences that anyone has. There is a considerable amount of proof that Jesus was a person. There is comparatively less proof that he was the Son of God. By your logic, I could say that Julius Caesar also didn't exist, because 
Jesus was Jewish... 
Kyle has also met Moses.
ITT: bunch of circlejerking between atheists and christians
 What other people already said.
Well he met Moses at Jewbilee so Kyle isn't wrong about his religion.
Help me out here. When did Tony actually say he was an Atheist?
He's intelligent, so naturally we assumed...
Isn't that the opposite of what Atheists stand for? Not assuming things?
In the comics he's very reluctant to believe in any sort of faith without hard proof.  He's even reluctant to believe in magic (using the "unexplained science" defense) despite being very close with people like Dr. Strange and the Scarlet Witch..He also goes to church a few times in the comics (though admits to not really knowing why he went there).
To be honest, that sounds more like a form of agnosticism (maybe agnostic non-theism?). But there definitely isn't enough info from that to call him an atheist.
"reluctant to believe in any sort of faith without hard proof" can still be considered soft-atheism. Since most atheist, well at least the Dawkins/Hitchens types don't believe in god because there's no proof.
That is true. Well, at least in the modern sense. I personally adhere to a more philosophical view of religion where atheism is generally described as belief that no gods exist while non-theism is the lack of belief in a deity. Granted, I do understand that the modern terms for these definitions would be gnostic atheist (strong atheist) and agnostic atheist (soft/weak atheist as you mentioned). I guess I just prefer more descriptive titles that carry less stigma (trying to explain to people that I'm an agnostic atheist causes quite a few more problems compared to just using the synonymous term of non-theist).
What you're describing as 'soft atheism' is called agnosticism. Atheism's stance is that there is no proof and . of god's existence, or in other words that our view of reality proves that god absolutely hands down no question does not exist; agnosticism's stance is that there's no proof, no sense of the odds of finding proof, and there's not really any point speculating about it.
no.  Atheist is someone who is not a theist.  'A' meaning not and 'theist' meaning theist.  The modern understanding of agnostic that has been used the past few years is not correct.  Agnostic means without knowledge.  It is the opposite of the gnostic cult.
In one of the comics, before fighting Thor, Tony tells him that he shouldn't even believe in him because he is an atheist. I'd get you a screen shot but I'm on mobile and can't find it 
Jesus was also Jewish...
Only in the same regard that Martin Luther King Jr. was not a follower of Martin Luther King Jr.
What is this? I don't even...
That's dismissive of the basic argument by playing on semantics.  Christians are really followers of Paul.  Jesus kept the Jewish traditions, because he was specifically Jewish; it was Paul that chose to break from them and encouraged others to do so.
Christians are those that follow Christ. In that regard, it would be impossible to be a Christian while being Christ.
Jesus was a Jew. The word Christian does even show up for centuries later and....You know what, just go out and buy Reza Aslan's new book. I don't have the time to correct everything you don't know about the history of your religion.
I wasn't saying anything against that at all. I was saying that a Christian is one who follows Christ, which is absolutely entirely correct. I also never said I was a Christian, or that I was interested in the history of Christianity. And I said that Christ could not be Christian. .Literally everything I said is correct, and you decided to be a douche about unrelated things. I don't even understand.
 is leaking.
I'm not an Athiest, if that's what you mean? 
The other fellow.
Okay, I had a feeling that was what you meant, but I wasn't sure.
I desire... I desire...macaroni pictures. And let us glue paper plates together with beans inside so when you shake them they make rattling noises. And let us put patterns of glue on the outside and glitter so they look all nice and sparkly. 
SPARKLY MACARONI SHAKER PLATES!!! 
Yes, oh mighty Moses!
Step 1. Post to .Step 2. . loses default status.Step 3. Post to . .Step 4. . is removed from defaults for not being up to par.Step 5. Post to 
YEAH CAUSE WE ARE NOT ALLOWED TO MENTION THE WORD ATHEIST OUTSIDE OF THE FREE SPEECH ZONE OF /R/ATHEISM!  I forgot we are in church here.
Did you seriously make that subreddit at the same time you posted that? .Do you think it will take off?
Umm, just wondering, when did it ever say Tony was an atheist? I don't really care, just wondering.
This was my thought. Probably I'd expect it was mentioned in the comics. Tony was supposed to be the kind of guy most people in the 60's would take a natural dislike to, and that detail may have helped.
Yeah, if it was mentioned it would probably be in the comics, I was just wondering if it was mentioned in the movies. Though I think fnargendargen was right the the deist suggestion.
I think he's actually a deist
I think I remember something like that being mentioned. 
Rather explicitly in The Infinity Gauntlet #1.
A deist? 
One who believes in a creator, or higher being, but not in any denomination of religion. Deists often believe the creator has no influence over the universe, but just created it.
I don't read the comics so sure why not.
Someone who has faith, but not necessarily religion.
Someone who believes in God but also believes that God has left the world to operate under natural laws.
But he's le science
You used the word le. Your argument is rendered invalid.
le woosh
I think that's part of the le joke.
To be fair, the Aesir in Marvel are really Sufficiently Advanced Aliens who call themselves gods..It makes sense that they wouldn't be convincing to Cap or Tony..Kyle's kind of a strange case, since he has personally met God, and Jesus, and knows that Jesus is explicitly the son of God.
Yeah but Thor uses fucking MAGIC and Tony still refuses to believe in Magic. And if you're going to give me that advanced technology shit, then what about someone like Dr. Strange? Magic exists in the Marvel universe, Tony sees it all the time, and then says Magic isn't real.
Yeah... except in Thor he . states that science and magic are one and the same.
There's the movie universe versus broader Marvel universe argument, but I think that misses the point..The bigger point is that if Tony Stark saw actual undisputable magic, why would that have . on his belief in a god or gods? The character would almost certainly see magic as something natural that he simply didn't understand yet; it would be quite a stretch to write an Iron Man story that caused Tony Stark to credibly believe in a god based solely on the use of magic by a mortal character.
AvX he starts to realize that. Or does realize it? I don't know, I skimmed most of it and haven't read much Iron Man since.
I'm pretty sure this is explained in "Thor" using Isaac Aasimov's "at a sufficient level of technology, it is indistiguishable from magic"..Maybe that will change if there's a Dr. Strange movie?
That's Arthur C. Clarke
I'd like to slap your shit with 
Don't get me wrong, I'm a big fan of Asimov, but science_diction's reference comes from 
I guess, you're right too. Sorry, I was commenting from mobile and was reading right.
So many commas.
Dr. Strange movie is in production.  At least there is a script if you could call something written by the duo that brought us the new Conan script.
Hasn't happened in the movie universe..Thor's "magic" is explained . to be technology, not magic..Tony sees no magic, and doesn't believe in magic. It makes perfect sense..Also, it's a goddamn movie about people in power suits and shit. Calm the fuck down.
Tony shoots energy blasts from his hands, why would he think Electricity from a huge hammer is any different than his own tech? (in support of your point)
Well, the marvel movie universe hasn't had magical magic, just tech-so-advanced-it-appears-to-be-magic magic. 
Yea, of all the people in Marvel he should be the last to believe in magic. Chances are he started trying to reverse engineer Thor's abilities the moment he got back to his lab. 
Fantastic does this in Civil War to Thor. 
In the Thor Civil War comics? I haven't read much of CW and this intrigues me.
Just the regular Civil War Frontlines arc. I forget the issue. It's fucking awesome though. One of the best moments in the series IMO. 
Thanks, I'll look into!
No in the Civil War arc that revolves around the Superhuman Registration Act. Pretty much every superhero (and supervillain) in the marvel universe picks a side whether to register or not. Cap was on the anti registration side and Tony was on the pro registration side. Big war of the super beings ensued.
Not a big Marvel fan, do you mean Mr. Fantastic of FF?
Mr Fantastic "clones" Thor and creates a mechanical hammer to mimic Thor's powers... It does not end pretty...
It ends fucking awesome. Came way out of left field. Never saw it coming. 
He does
in canon- he does exactly that
Kinda figured; at this point I think it'd be easier to say what has NOT been done in the comics. It'd probably be a shorter list. 
That and the I-can-be-in-4-places-at-once thing that Loki does. 
Loki can't be in four places at once. He's the trickster. He can appear to be in four places at once. It's basically variations of the old D & D magic mirror spell.
Well I guess I'll be the one to tell you why this is dumb... Jewish people don't believe that Jesus didn't exist, but rather that he was one of many false messiahs sent to test humanity's faith. So Kyle meeting Jesus shouldn't necessarily cause him to stop being Jewish. If anything, if he DID stop being Jewish, then he would be giving in to the false messiah. 
Cartoons are real :D 
Superheros are real :D
inb4
[deleted]
I think it's just fantasy.
I think it's easy come, easy go.
I think it's a litte high, a litte low.
I thought it was that they acknowledge is was a great man and may have been extraordinary but he was not the savior of "the chosen people"
Yup. He was a prophet, but not messiah. 
Just like in Islam which further proves my theory that all three religions are one of the same..Since, Allah isn't the name of their God.  Allah means God in Arabic.  
hahaha, Are you 13?
Yeah! I mean Kyle did meet Moses and helped save him from Mamon and the anti-semetic jews! (does nobody remember the early episodes or something?)./macaroni pictures
Does no one remember the .?
What are you supposed to just give back your library card? You get a new license? You just stop being Jewish?
All Jews are just Christians too lazy to finish the bible.
Wait, they think he was a fake? I thought they worshipped him equal to some other profits or something. .Then again I just realized I dont really know a thing about the Jewish culture and history. 
Yeah, meeting a 2,000 year old person who's supposedly the son of God, wouldn't prove he's the messiah at all.
If god creates false messiahs to test the faithful, does it not make sense to you god would make a back story for them too?  
He could be a very good counterfeit.
"I made a guy appear as my Son, perform miracles, die for your sins, rise from the dead, and rule the Kingdom of Man as Alpha and Omega for eternity. HAHA! Got ya there! Eternity in Limbo for you! You fell for the false guy. The real messiah didn't do a thing, died at 32 of pneumonia and only his mom thought he was special. She's the only person in Heaven now. Suckas!"
and besides, jesus was a jew... this whole christian cult started waaaaaaay and i say waaaaaaaay after he died... its like that whole mormom bs that they can convert you to momornism after you're dead.
It only started a few years after he died. He wanted to reform Judaism which didn't happen, though his followers still considered themselves Jewish for many years after death. .The Jews were banished from Rome by Nero around 70 CE, and around that time Christians started separating themselves from the Jews. There was also the issue of circumcision but I'd rather not go into that. I can if you like though. 
Mormons don't believe that they're converting people after they've died.
Jesus is real :D
But facts are hard.... :(
Also worth pointing out that Kyle has also met Moses, so meeting Jesus would do nothing to shake his faith in Judaism. (Unlike the Passion, and Cartmanland)
Was about to come say this exact thing
with a . even
Yeah but I mean the series proves time and time again he's the son of God so.......
Thaaaaaank you.
What race would you consider that guy? Im not saying he is a white guy, but what race would you consider him?
But he explicitly . that Jesus is the son of God.
Oh don't forget "Jesus was a jew"
Thats like saying a dark skinned Mexican born in the USA makes him a white guy.
But OJ Simpson wasn't.
But guess who is!  Hall of Famer Rod Carew!
He converted
He actually wasn't though. Song lied about him converting.
Minnesota karma train upvote!
Also, Jesus was born Jewish (his religion is disputed, though)
Disputed by who?
Also the idea that Jesus was not one single person, it was not uncommon for there to be a variety of people claiming to be the messiah back then..It's not unreasonable to think that the man we know as Jesus was an amalgamation of multiple figures from back then. 
Is it? What would he be Christian?    .Edit: Sarcasm people
Christian means "a follower of Christ," so logically, Jesus could not have been a Christian. He was Jewish, and became the messiah of Christianity..Note, however, that at that time, being Jewish and Christian were not mutually exclusive - many Jews who believed in Jesus' message adopted Christian practices while preserving their own traditions such as Passover and Hanukkah as well as the Christian Pentecost and receiving Baptism.
I was being sarcastic
Oh, sorry, couldn't tell.
You are not the only one
Hahaha!  Is funny because is true!
Nope, Roman
"Roman" isn't exactly a religion.
The divine Julius Ceaser would like to have a word with you.

He is considered by Christians as the 1st one, even if raised as a Jewish (I guess the apostles being the next ones)
No, he would be God. Or a Jewish heretic..
It is said that Mohammed considered himself to share the religion of Adam and it may be that, 600 years before, Jesus was the same..Then again, there is that awkward undocumented period in Jesus' life where it is assumed (by some) that he studied for and became a rabbi..Priests were often the medics in communities right the way back and all the way up to the dissolution of the monasteries... in the UK at least, and if you're of a humanist bent, but still believe Jesus existed, you could begin to explain some of his 'healing' miracles this way..Trying to TL;DR and failing: Jesus might have had "Adam's religion", i.e. God is the creator and all is his will, and nothing more beyond this, and he studied as a Rabbi to help people..Or, you know, he was a kike, a yid, a hebie, a red sea pedestrian and he was proud of it. No real proof either way.
Well there is no real proof he was even a real person so...
Aside countless accounts from various historical sources, yeah, sure...
Historical sources? Like? The bible was written how long after Jesus? 
"Virtually all modern scholars of antiquity agree that a historical Jesus existed, although there is little agreement on the reliability of the gospel narratives and their assertions of his divinity".You can read through their sources if you like. Jesus having existed isn't really debated.
You linked a wiki article with an entire section talking about the lack of evidence he ever existed. 
So if I linked an evolution article that included arguments against it would that mean evolution isn't real?.Your assertion that the Bible is the only source on this is BS. Again, you can do more research on it, but it is a pretty well accepted fact that he existed historically.

It's pretty certain that he was a real person. It's just the son of God and the miracles and all that that are disputed
Lets not forget he was born in a time of foreign invasion and Roman occupation.  Depending on who you were talking to, you would present yourself as any number of religions.  
I suppose but it was aimed more at people who believe Christ was christian, even though the religion was based off of him after he died. 
Sure it is. I'll have you'll know I'm a practicing Pennsylvanian and we have a lot of respect for our Roman brethren. 
ian..It's logically impossible to be born into a religion that was created by your own life's achievements.
Right, which is why he's saying "what would he be?" because he doesn't understand there were other religions at the time as well.  He was being sarcastic.
Thank you. 
Not based on his achievements, but based on him being the son of God.
But Kyle also met God and Jesus at the same time and Jesus referred to God (in his presence) as Dad.
Not to mention he performs miracles left and right. 
That still doesn't discount him as being a false messiah sent by god to test the faithful.  Lets not forgot he also summoned Moses as Jewbilee. 
Hey man it's just a joke. 2 muffins are in an oven one turns to the other and says "it's hot in here." The other one says "holy shit a talking muffin!" Jokes don't need to make sense. Besides in the New Year's Eve 2000 episode god comes to earth and acknowledges Jesus is his son in the show.
Well, just because it's imaginary, doesn't mean its not rear!
 guy. You're a funny guy.
Echo team we need confirmation, is OP a faggot?
Negative sir, but he sure is a phony.
Echo six reporting in, sir. I can confirm faggotry, but the magnitude is obscured by context. 
He practiced Judaism, no debate. 
Yes, if the work of fiction called The Bible was referring to a real-life person, then he practiced Judaism. .However, there is certainly debate surrounding the whole situation.
No there is not. The events of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John did take place, what's up for debate is whether or the supernatural things within those books took place.
There is plenty of debate as to the historical accuracy of the gospels (aside from the fact that they often contradict each other).  Hell, the questionable material starts before Jesus is even born:
The point is that Jesus was a real person who led a group of disciples and was crucified and as a result started a huge religion. 
You're telling me that the son of god was killed and rose from the dead in 3 days and there is no doubt about that?.That happened those books.
Way to read the second fucking part of my comment you cock bite.
Take a look..
It's in his post..
Reading Rain-bowwwwww.
It's incredibly contradictory to cherry pick like that, though..To say that everything happened except the supernatural bit doesn't make any more sense than saying that everything happened including the supernatural bit, since we have no evidence to state that these things happened..You're telling me that there is no doubt that a man was forced to walk with a cross and a crown of thrones and he had 12 men who believed he was the son of god following him around?.You're telling me that ALL of the stories of those four books are completely accurate minus the supernatural bits?.That's completely absurd, and you should know better.
I have no dog in that fight, dude. Just pointing out how you completely glossed over almost half of FrenchFri1194's comment. Don't be so confrontational. It's completely euphoric and you should know better.
Read what he said again.
It's incredibly contradictory to cherry pick like that, though..To say that everything happened except the supernatural bit doesn't make any more sense than saying that everything happened including the supernatural bit, since we have no evidence to state that these things happened..You're telling me that there is no doubt that a man was forced to walk with a cross and a crown of thrones and he had 12 men who believed he was the son of god following him around?.You're telling me that ALL of the stories of those four books are completely accurate minus the supernatural bits?.That's completely absurd, and you should know better.
You know, some people don't take the bible literally. By some I mean most of course. Things were not easily explained back then and so they had to describe it the way they could. For example the world being built in 6 days doesn't mean 24 hour day/night cycles, it means 6 eras or stages.
I would think after Kyle had to stab Jesus and he rose again to get out of jail, Kyle would have to believe he was messiah? 
considering he's seen kenny rise from the dead countless more times, not to mention he's seen crazy fucking shit otherwise, im guessing one dude resurrecting isn't going to phase him
No one ever remembers Kenny dying though as shown by the Mint-berry Crunch saga.
Well in the ladder to heaven episode (I think, maybe It's a different one) it's shown that Kenny's parents give birth to a new Kenny every time he dies.
thats in the coon n friends trilogy
Although in the episode where Cartman buys the amusement park which is then shut down after Kenny dies on one of the rides, he does say something to the effect of, "But he dies all the time".
Not at all.  You need to look into what the Messiah is supposed to be and do in the torah. Raising from the dead is just a party trick. It's not in the job description. 
I loved those episodes, but you might want to throw a spoiler tag on it.
Believing he exists and believing he was the messiah are different..Many mythical characters exist in South Park, including all the religious figures in the Super Best Friends, along with super powers..Besides, Kyle is deeply skeptical, and is often confused and rather naive about his religion; all of his knowledge coming from his parents, and his defense of Judaism is inspired mainly from Cartman's offense of it. I don't think you can even reasonably argue that Kyle is himself Jewish, but rather practices it about as much as any of the kids practice their religions.
After all the times Kenny has died? 
the fact alone is enough that jesus still lived when they met.
Jesus was also in imaginationland 
i don't know if you really ought to consider that joke canon.
This
This 
Did not turn out as you expected
You lose that battle 9 times out of 10 my friend. 
He was on the Council
Well, God is everywhere.
And to be honest I'd rather believe in Morpheus; working to save mankind from their robotic overlords while putting all of his faith into a program.
That's . what a false messiah would want you to believe!
If your really that pissed off about religion then listen to me for a minute. Mocking religion isn't funny in the slightest. You need to delete your comment now and come over and visit us at these subreddits: .
Don't turn away, you can find truth in these subreddits. Also I'm trying to be a mod there so if you could leave a comment for them and you can message me questions. THanks for your time, also I recommend unsubscribing from ., theres a lot of tempting material there and they're just out to convert religious people to a life of doubt.
....i get reddit is an athiest site and i recognize that and accept that....but when u guys make fun of christianity it really makes me mad sometimes.....how would u like me saying mean things bout athiests?....ur dawkins is nothing but a cruel and heartless man anyways he may be smart but all he does is mock people for what they believe......if u athiests agree and do what dawkins does that makes u just as evil........us christians who actually try to follow jesus's footsteps have a more humble way of living.......its called live and let live........u athiests have those coexist stickers on ur cars but all u do is say blasphamy and mean things about we christians......its cool though because its ur fault ur not going too heavan......but atleast i try to warn u i guess thats all i can really do....
How could you say something like that? Burn in hell!
Oh look, another troll. You can tell because it writes like a pre-teen. 
The -7500 comment karma are probably a good hint, too.
Or he's from India.
I commend the effort you put forth to not using casing, proper spelling or proper punctuation.  That must have been hard.
0/10 
Prompted you to answer, so it's at least 1/10.
why do you use reddit then? go away.
You seem to be working really hard for those downvotes. Here's an upvote.
hahaha
Suck a dick and kill yourself, you cunt..Edit: downvotes? Really reddit?
What can we say..You rustled our jimmies.
Twist: I'm not atheist..Humble Christians are not the ones that are made fun of..And I've never even heard of Dawkins...
perhaps reddit may not be the site for you, after all it is the internet....ya know...... where people come to say whatever they want anonymously. 


I just spent a year researching and writnig a thesis about domestic (US) Islamist radicalization and terror attempts since 9/11. And while the picture is tasteless and definitely supports different radicalization factors, the article was a good read. This is the sort or terrorist threat we face nowadays: American residents turning toward violent radical interpretations of Islam to express theri own angers and frustrations and find a common ground or group with which they can identify. The article, and unfortunately the picture, gives the issue exposure.
Don't care, he's hot.
And outrage go!!!

Am I the only one who still thinks they were framed?!
allegedly.
The Rolling Stone is now dead to me. 
The people that are getting mad at this are the same people that get mad when someone says "nigger." 
God forbid they use a cover relevant to their main story. Running a "proper" cover is not good journalism given the fact that the fucking story is ABOUT THIS GUY. Fuckin dolt. 
Yeah cause rolling stone has never had a murderer on the cover before...... oh wait yes they have.
It's actually a pretty good article...
Take . Rolling Stone!
But it was Craft contractors that actually killed that kid as revenge for Mr. Tsarnaevs testifying in the LIBOR scandal... 
Around a week after the Connecticut school shooting i was at the supermarket waiting my turn in line for the cashier, sadly i took a quick look over the magazines to my left, i had to doable look. There was some BS exclusive report in one of those shitty gossip shit magazines about the victims families and their grief. I couldnt take it and after a involuntary loud "fuck this shit" i turned them over. Im sure the cashier saw me, im sure other people saw and heard me ... no one complained. 
How is this different than when a million magazines put Bin Laden's picture on the cover?  It is the fucking press, get over it.
I like it
so brave, bro
If you want to do something about this, Torrent a copy of the magazine. Go through page by page listing all of the advertisers. Write them polite but firm letters letting them know that until they stop advertising in RS, you will not be buying their products..Lastly, and most importantly, don't buy their fucking products.
I find the media's reaction to this to be really funny.  For three weeks after the bombing they sensationalized this dude and his brother too.  Only they did it by constantly replaying the moment the bombs went off and putting there picture on your tv.
Doesn't anyone remember the Charles Manson cover?
was he convicted of murder?
I still don't understand why this is such a big deal. The media whores out all the time and has had pictures of infamous people on covers of popular magazines forever.  Why is this any different? The problem shouldn't be with RS, people should get their head out of their asses and start realizing this is how our media works.  I don't like it, but quit picking on RS when every other fucking news outlet pulls this bullshit.  
If it bleeds it leads...
Edit: I am just posting this song to show what it has meant for YEARS what its like to have the honor to be on the cover of this magazine. What ever happened to not making a celebrity out of a monster?
I got mine in the mail today. At first I thought he was just another terrible artist I didn't know. Then I read the corner. Then I threw it away.
Great, now all the kids who want to be a rock star on Rolling Stone will just be a terrorist instead :/
... leave Adam Levine out of this
why are black people and the Food Network mad at this?
Looks like someone has their panties all in a jumble cuz of this.
Freedom of the Press guys. 
It's a glamour shot. That's where the outrage lies.
It's a selfie.
Exactly. Thanks for proving my point.
Glamour shots are done in a studio... Aren't they?
Wow!
How the fuck are you so sure he is a terrorist?This is 2013 you should know by now not to trust ANYTHING that comes off the channels of FOX & CNN.
GUYS GUYS the Jahar fangirls have found this thread! How about those of you who are upvoting can just waste all your time arguing with them and those of us who actually read the damn article can discuss it amongst ourselves?
That's .  He's a good looking kid, he had a lot of friends, his family had money, and yet, he went and did ..  This flew right over your head and I am revolted by your desire to censor, suppress, and forget about everything that happened on that day and everything that led up to that day.  
I have my view of terrists. I don't need RS muddling my thinking with some terrist nonsense. We're literally one election away from Sharia law and a ground zero mosque..Thinking isn't for everyone.
He is not being glorified or anything by this magazine.  You really the other terrorists are thinking "YES!  He made it onto Rolling Stones Magazine.".What if he was on the cover of Playboy?.The article can probably be summarized as "He was born a doucher.  He lived a doucher's life.  And he will die a doucher."
People are talking about the magazine, its working. Might not be the right way to do it but it has more people talking about the magazine than any cover in the last 5 years. We will see if this marketing ploy works once we see the sales for this month. 
I think it's working.
TIL: 2 = "a bunch"
If you truly want to solve a problem, the first step is identifying the cause of said problem. God forbid we actually try to understand this one.
American business only speaks one language.  Money..So, you are advancing their marketing plan by talking about it.  If you are truly disgusted with them, speak their language.  Don't buy their product for a year.  When they have to adjust their quarterly budget, they will change.
They got your attention didn't they?.Now stop bringing up this shit, 'cause that was their intention in the first place.
Did you know Time Magazine had Hitler and the Columbine shooters on their cover with no outrage? Stop being sensitive little pussies.
Time Magazine isn't a glamour magazine for famous rock stars and cultural icons.
Rolling Stone isn't just that either. Some of the most hard-hitting articles I've read in the last decade were in Rolling Stone. Hunter Thompson wrote for Rolling Stone. Ever heard of Matt Taibbi? Ever read his articles exposing Goldman Sachs? You should. 
So.
So you already know the difference between the Time Magazine cover and the Rolling Stone cover. 
Did you read the article?
The article is not the controversy. 
I'm not one for boycotting.  Let's not forget 'freedom fries'.  But the fact that many major chains are refusing to sell this makes me happy.  Next time I see his face it better be on the injection table.
Because magazines and newspapers never put pictures of mass murders on their covers....America is becoming really whiny.  
Our office has a subscription to RS. When this arrives, I'm going to call and cancel it.
Stop bitching. 
Why?
I think it's the best way to send a message. The message being I don't want my company supporting a magazine that seems to be glorifying a terrorist. 
Because if he's an American he's making us look like an ignorant country.
Did you read the article? They aren't glorifying anything. Would you send a similar message to .?
Not seeing how this qualifies as 'funny'; have a downvote, DB OP.
Here are some images they should have put on the cover:

Well those are just incredibly graphic, they would've had to put one of those black plastic wrappers over the cover to sell it in stores... That wouldn't sell...
I'd like to bring to the attention of the masses my eloquent opinion on this sensitive matter:.There are a lot more issues going on in the world right now and we're fucking focusing on a goddamn MAGAZINE COVER?! Petty. As. Fuck. 
WHO GIVES A FLYING FUCK WHAT IS ON THE COVER FOR THIS SHITTY MAGAZINE I DONT GIVE TWO FLYING FUCKS ABOUT.YOU PEOPLE ARE FUCKING RETARDED
What has amazed me about this whole "controversy" is how magazine covers are suddenly the height of cultural relevancy once again..I'm off to buy some Dr Hook records, y'all.
The fact that this isn't upvoted more means I'm old.
Ya, screw them for trying to be journalists and doing what every media outlet did once their names and photos were released. How dare they wait patiently while all the facts comes out about what happened before they make it a cover story. I, like everyone else, was hoping to see Adam Levine on the cover and a story about how he just got married or some crap. .Seriously though, I understand why people who were close this attack would be upset by this. However, his face shows up on the news, tv , web, papers, magazines constantly. RS is justly villainizing him. You can't impose your expectation what type of stories should be covered by which media outlet.
The New York Times had the same photo on the front page in May, and Time (magazine) even had Osama on the cover.  Why anyone is making a big deal out of this is absurd.
Didn't lil wayne kill someone?
Guns are cool. Bombs are instruments of pure evil...unless they're taxpayer funded of course.
To be fair he is ridiculously cute!! 
Here we are, talking about Rolling Stone....I'd say the cover worked exactly as intended.
Oh dear God no. Is it really?.I WAS TOLD THAT THEY WERE NO LONGER A THING! PROMISES WERE MADE!
No homo but kid looks like a stud, it's gotta be that hair tehe

I hope you didn't spend any time removing all the text from the picture that . is using, because .You remember all the people complaining about that and accusing the NYT of glorifying terrorists and "celebritizing" or whatever.
How is this funny?
Who is this guy?
He was one of the two Boston Marathon bombers.
Ah... Thank you. I don't know anything about the event so I wouldn't have recognized him.
Allegedly
He just happened to be fleeing from the police with the exact same kind of bomb used during the bombing, tossing them at said police..Some odd coincidence, eh?
Not to mention shooting at them, killing one, fleeing, hiding, then shooting at them again.
Source?
You can easily google "Boston bombing throwing bombs at police" and get a large number of reports on the subject..I live not far from Boston, so my local news covered it thoroughly. They spoke with people in Watertown who heard explosions. So either the suspects were using explosives or the police were. 
The entire thing had to many lies and cover-ups for me to bleieve anything. Like the photo of him running away with out his book bag had been photoshopped. And the gagged reports constantly. I guess nobody else questions any of this
Some information is false, so all information is false. Makes sense.
Which is way more stupid than "some information is right so all information is right"...right?
No. And I didn't say that nor did I imply it. However, when many sources corroborate, some of which are purely local, then the information becomes more credible.
No. More of a "question everything" sort of thing. It is much better than blind trust, especialy with so much of the media lying.
There's a difference between questioning everything and rejecting evidence. There's nothing wrong with being skeptical, but just because you aren't believing something doesn't mean you're being skeptical correctly..For example, questioning the validity of crystal healing is being skeptical. The evidence is flimsy and conflicting. However, questioning the shape of the earth is not being skeptical, it's denial.
Fuck that terrorist and fuck that magazine
The Stone has hit a new low! Fuck em,hope they go the way of other shitty mags!
Call RS up and tell them how you feel.
Make me ill to see - almost downvoted just to help get the post off the front page<s> (pun intended).  'bout all I can do is never buy another issue ... but that's what I'm (not) doin'.  
I found this parody funny too 
An excellent example of Celebritarianism.
No one cared when they played the video of the explosion on tv 24/7. But oh no the picture makes him look like a normal person ahhhhh the horror!!!
I cannot believe the Rolling Stone for this one. Now all of the other troubled youths in our nation will say "If I blow up a hospital, I'll be on the cover of the Rolling Stone!"
I know right?.All the radical islamists read Rolling Stone for inspiration. It's not how many infidels you kill, it's how many magazine covers!.I like how he says put up Obama, even though Obama has killed more American citizens with drones.
OK (1) read the damn story it is fantastic and (2) yeah they should have done one of these . or one of these . to reinforce the notion that cuteness & whiteness mean innocence.
No matter RS' intentions with this cover the only way I see it is that having this guy in the public eye this much will only increase the risks of someone doing something similar to gain the same amount of attention.
Us not knowing what makes these people tick is far more dangerous.
Even Kony? Remember Kony 2012? Anyone?

relevant . 
Free Speech is great. Even if you don't agree with it.
I thought this was a photo of Aaron Taylor Johnson for a moment and was terribly confused. 
calm down. he hasn't even been proven guilty yet.
First, The cover Rolling Stone used did what it was supposed to do, everybody and their grandmother is talking about an article that would have been buried had the picture not been used on the cover. After all, it's all about the dollars, isn't it?.Am I the only one here who finds the subject of why this asshole did what he did to be interesting? How the fuck are we supposed to stop the next attack if we don't invest the time to figure out why this one happened?
I'm sorry that I don't find "Yeah, but look at the profit motive!" to be a compelling excuse. .Also, I don't think anyone has said that articles shouldn't be written about it. The fuss is about the cover, and understanding Rolling Stone's cultural history, I understand the outrage. 
"He looks like a hippie rock star, and we need people talking about our magazine so let's ignore the mass murder and immeasurable human suffering he caused. Cuz, you know... money."
I wanna be on a magazine cover!
Not sure how we have gone through all of modernity, past irony, though postmodernism, with terrorists, rapists and serial killers on every cover of every magazine on every newsstand in the world, and somehow people still cling to this notion that putting this one dude on the cover of a magazine is a new and infuriatingly novel thing tantamount to heroizing him. 
Modernity et al are only for about 25% of the population.(i've heard it as low as 15%) We, (relatively well educated, relatively bright) are a small part of the population. THEY (everyone else) are only slightly more modern than a 19th century farmer. Modernism can be said to be the opposite of Fundamentalism. There is a lot of fundamentalist thinking in the general population.
Get over it you pussies.  Read the story and then give your opinion. 
Speaking of reading the story and giving my opinion. Homeboy was brainwashed by Tamerlan. The overwhelming feeling I got was that Tamerlan fell into heavy radical islamist ideas and then spread his poison into his very impressionable, somewhat religious brother. I have no sympathy for him because at the end of the day I think there's a much larger evil when there is this overwhelming idea that can push this kind well mannered kid to such a disgusting extent. My 2 .edit: I just realized this is ....
I don't know why a lot of people are making a big fuss over it. Yeah, we get it, he killed an eight year old boy and damaged a lot of people as well. But what about when he was on the cover of other newspaper? Did anyone feel disgusted that his image was plastered onto The New York Times or some other kind of newspaper? The answer is no. Rolling Stone is doing the same thing. Simply using his image and writing a detailed article about who this monster really was. 
The saddest part to me is that if Jahar were to see this cover, he'd probably instantly think, "Awww fuck yeah, front cover of Rolling Stone! Americans are truly stupid." 
I'd say it's the media's way of reminding you to stay angry at someone who is suspected of being a terrorist. And that the NSA still isn't important. Move along, ma'am.
Referring to the NSA debacle:  "This is not the news story you are looking for, move along."
. . . yes, because how dare they run the kind of in-depth piece that takes weeks to write when OTHER IMPORTANT THINGS HAVE HAPPENED IN THE WORLD? How dare any news organization cover any stories other than the one that a bunch of jerks on Reddit think is currently the most important?.Anyways I predict that sometime in August there will be a fucking awesome Rolling Stone piece about the surveillance state and Snowden by like Jeremy Scahill and you fucking internet trolls won't even read it because you'll be too focused on your rash decision to boycott a fantastic publication that regularly breaks the kind of stories the "lamestream media" has trouble even touching.
They still could have done that with literally anyone else on the cover. Doing this promotes angst against this kid in a Don't-forget-about-this-guy kind of way. And overall a pretty underhanded way of reminding everyone he still exists. Had I been personally affected by the events in Boston or were even a Bostonian, it would feel like a huge slap in the face. The issue will become how rolling stone had the audacity to put him on the cover. Basically, the news reporting on the news. I'm not saying the nsa debacle takes presidencies over Boston but they could have found a better way to do it.
I absolutely can not believe that this isn't being said more. .America is fucking dumb.
I wouldn't say that we're dumb as much as we're purposely being distracted.
I'll disagree a bit. I don't believe that there us anyone trying to distract you FROM a specific issue The news media does want to distract you long enough to buy the products of their advertisers.
And falling for it. :/
If only the government could say 'Stay calm and Carey on', but who would fall for something like that? People would have to be morons to keep calm... Stupid Brits.
There is NO SUCH THING as "the most important story." Anyways when was the last time you actually attempted to consume some news media, or is your rage just based on the internet echo chamber?
I can't believe Rolling Stone magazine could put an attractive image of him on the cover of their magazine..It disgusts me that Rolling Stone is trying to portray him as someone who isn't a bad guy and that we should sympathize with him.  everyone sympathizes with attractive people, and attractive people aren't capable of evil.  What is Rolling Stone trying to say here??? That he's innocent??? Because evil is ugly and ugly = evil.  The fact that he looks attractive means he can't be evil..I'm just really pissed off.  If Rolling Stone wants him on the cover of their magazine that's fine but they should at least have photoshopped a few pounds on him or maybe make him look like he was balding or had a lazy eye.
Nancy Grace will be on tonight so watch that and stop listening to people who will muddle your thoughts. Evil doers are ugly and arab and terrists and they hate our values and our hate freedom.
I agree.  Anyone but this guy.  Major fuck up Rolling Stone.
Next issue: Bashar al-Assad- The tragic story of a ruthless dictator becoming a more ruthless dictator.The one after that: Kim Jong Un- The tragic story of a Miami Heats fan turned into a Supreme Leader.And the one after that: Ted Bundy- The tragic story of a psycho serial killer getting caught.next: Adolf Hitler- The tragic story of a white supremacist who only fought because he thought it was right.: Genghis Khan- The tragic story of a Warlords son turned into a ruthless conqueror .Edit: I derped a word
2 things..1) How did Bundy actually kill cereal since it is not living to begin with?.2) Khan was a cool dude, and was very inclusive in his society.
Agree on the cereal but, Khan had zero problem murdering women and children, very ruthless.
I'm sure Rolling Stone values your opinion.
Yeah, I'm sure
Its just Miami heat... not heats...
I would frame the Kim Jong Un cover if it was in the style of .. [edit: sp]
Need a photoshop wizard in here, STAT!
Anyone?
More than half of reddit won't remember when Rolling Stone was a legitimate magazine, with some journalistic integrity.
You mean like in 2010 when they published the Michael Hastings . that led to General Stanley McChrystal's resignation? Or, longer ago than that?
Or in 2010 when Matt Taibbi exposed the truth of Wall St. to a level that has never been done in "legitimate" news outlets?   .Sham that Hastings is no longer around.
It's journalism. He isn't someone to look up to, but people want a good story. I don't think it glamorizes him at all. I think its a shame that a college aged person in America did what he did, but why did he do it is what we want to know. Plus look at all the publicity rolling stones is getting now. 
By doing this, you are making a "villain" famous. You are giving them exactly what they wanted..The publicity part by RS is a different story. Of course they did it for a good story/money...but it doesn't change the fact that its wrong to "popularize" an evil person.
He wrote what what he wanted on the inside of the boat he was hiding in, something along the lines of an eye for an eye, jihad, etc. Fame wasn't what he was going for in this case
The word you're looking for is infamous. 
The guy's face was on the TV every second of every day for a month.  Do you seriously think a magazine cover is an increase in fame?
I have never heard of him until now...
Sounds like you'd be one of the dozen of so people in the county so completely uninformed that you'd qualify to sit on Tsarnaev's jury.
This is more than journalism. The cover is a symbol of American pop culture. When I think of the RS cover, I think "rock star." Yeah, Manson was on the cover in 70s. That doesn't make this right. We're trying to de-glorify violent crime so that idiots like him don't get to be cable news celebrities for shooting up a school or theater. Instead, they've created a nice keepsake for these crazy . people..This photo doesn't even tell us anything new about the guy--it's the same photo we all saw on the news. It doesn't bring anything new to the conversation. This cover is just a cheap trick to get RS into the headlines. If they want to be popular again, they should focus on promoting their content on it's own merit. . journalism.
So it "doesn't bring anything new to the conversation", but it is somehow harmful and unexpected?

you needed a video to tell you this?
The people dumb enough to read Rolling Stone do.
what? how can you possibly justify such a gross generalization?
Easy, he's an idiot who can't process complex thoughts.
don't be bringing your smarty pants talk in here.
that's fair

I don't fucking get what the big deal is. RS has an interesting article about a young boy who somewhere down the line went wrong and ended up becoming a terrorist. Yes he's also attractive and they don't have any pictures of him dressed like a terrorist. 
I get what you're saying but they could have used the picture of him on the boat, or on the ground once the police got him off the boat as the cover and then use the "handsome" picture as a little insert in the actual article. Using such a nice photo of him seemingly glorifies him so I understand the outrage. 
Idk, the article talks about a young boy though and showing a good picture of him might be good to portray him as someone who was once normal and had a future. 
Read the damn article, the ENTIRE POINT is about how what makes him SCARY is that he's a real person and we can't fit him into any cartoon villain narratives.
What does dressed like a terrorist mean?
first image was from a site called mr conservative so I decided not to go with the top image and just like the google search. That's what terrists look like.
Arab, got it.
I don't see what the big deal is.  Its not the first time they've had a killer on the cover (Charles Manson was on the cover).  There was a ground swell of teen girls that thought he was very handsome and could not possibly be a bomber.  Seems reasonable to draw people in with this pic and tell the story of how this seemingly normal kid was radicalized.  
I agree.  There's something about this photo that I think is very effective and haunting.  Dzhokhar is very beautiful in this photo, not just handsome but beautiful (downvote me if you wish but that's what I and I'm sure a bunch of other people think).  And there is something very haunting and dark about the combination of innocent beauty and murderous hatred, which I think has been the inspiration for many poems, movies, songs, etc. over the ages and which draws an audience's curiosity.  For a publication like RS, an audience is the goal so it makes sense
God when I saw that story on the news about how he should be freed because he's such a dreamboat there's no way he could do something like that... It made me want to beat their entire family with a chain. That kind of shallow attitude is a sickness with these kids. I dont want them to reproduce.
Your comment almost argues against itself. As you said, Rolling Stone did it for profit to draw people in and sell magazines, even knowing that there is already a good possibility that this photogenic shot of him will cause some young people to sympathize with him and defend him, as those teen girls did. Seems like a good reason to put someone else on the cover.  
Here is the Manson cover
the big deal is when they ran Charles Manson they made him look crazy, not like some teen beat coverboy girls can swoon over. People often commit crimes like this for attention - so maybe putting a GLAMOUR SHOT of a FREAKING TERRORIST on the cover isn't such a smart fucking idea.
Your kind of moral outrage seems awfully similar to 12 years ago. .Let's not have a rational discussion about terrorism..Let's all lose our minds and act like children. .RARWWWW TERRORISM BAD, DOWN WITH THE DUNE COONS!
I heard they didn't have a whole lot of photos to choose from. 
Manson was the ultimate terrorist.  He was trying to incite a race war by sending a team of people to a house(s) to murder all inside.  And to be fair, there are no pictures of Manson where he doesnt look crazy and the picture they used is the least crazy I've ever seen.  I think people fear this kid because he doesnt look crazy.  He looks normal and by all accounts, was until all this shit went down.  And this is the fucking purpose of the article.  Its not like they had a good shot of the perp walk.  They want people to know who it is and it to be striking that he looks so normal.  
It's really amazing how people react with their fantasy land where evil people always look evil is challenged.
If putting a translucent, yellow circle over the face of Charles Manson "makes him look crazy," then you're right..I, on the other hand, don't see the "craziness" coming through from . that you do.. looks more creepy and crazy than Manson does.
Wow people can be stupid pussies sometimes.... This picture doesn't "make" him look like .. It's a normal fucking picture of a normal kid who turned into a murderer.
I think people are just unnerved by the fact that they find him attractive, and that it fucks up their happy little world where all terrorists are swarthy, unattractive, and live in a cave.
Nah, people are just upset that on a magazine that is famous for putting pop-culture heroes/idols on their cover now has mass-murderer on their front page that's all
and are evil and have no redeeming qualities and aren't really human like us. Like a villain in a hollywood action movie.
I think people are just unnerved by the fact that a classic American publication would make the decision to use this image out of so many available. It doesn't fuck up my "happy little world" - it's reflective of poor journalism practices. Did I miss the meeting where we all decided to defend the media's most deplorable actions, rather than constantly slander the media for being so ceaselessly awful?? For cryin' out loud, it's just criticism. It's not the end of the world. You clearly don't get it.
I was with you more-or-less until the last sentence. I didn't have to agree with you, but I was gonna just scroll on by. Then your last sentence hit me. That's some hipster shit right there. "These are adults speaking, you just wouldn't understand." 

At least he was a musician :)
Clearly you never actually read Rolling Stone . . .

At least he was an artist.
At least I have chicken....
SEEING PICTURES OF PEOPLE I DON'T LIKE MAKES ME ANGRY!  MURICAN . 
It's the photojournalistic nuances, context, and RS's place in media at issue here. It's basically a glamor shot, they treat this child-killer the same as Bieber and Beyonce. What's that supposed to imply? Were this (original) cover shot composed by some artist and shown as a glossy print in a . that would be appropriate and meaningfully provocative. But in the context of the actual magazine reputed for sexy glitzy idols and which is also supposed to adhere to some kind of ethics, this is just a terribly insensitive decision regardless of the motivation. Take it from somebody who spent four years studying journalism and another two getting a MFA in photography. Not trying to sound pretentious, but I don't think you have a very strong grip on the controversy here.
You've never read an issue of RS in your life, have you?.It's not the magazine you think it is. They have a long history of serious articles about current events. They have as much of a legitimate claim to writing about this kid as the NYT or any other paper.
They might be trying to imply that he looks like a everyday student, and not your everyday terrorist that the media and government likes to paint. 
He looks like Todd from the dean blundell show 
Where was all this outrage when the New York Times ran the EXACT SAME PHOTO on their front page back on May 5th? 
I'm not saying that what you're saying is not true, but i did a bit o googlin, and couldnt find that times cover. Source?
Here's the story, dated May 5, 2013: .Here's an article from the Washington Post recapping: 
New York Times is a newspaper that tells information. Rolling Stone is a magazine that glamorizes rock stars. Putting his face on the cover of the latter is significantly different.
have you ever read rolling stone?
It doesn't seem like you've ever read a rolling stone magazine.
Your assessment of both those publications' purposes is incredibly simplistic. 
Yes.
Your attempt to sound intelligent doesn't make your shitty point any less shitty.
Stop being a dick Scott.
You're totally right dude they should limit freedom of the press to newspapers. 
There's a difference between it being legal and it being distasteful.
You're totally right dude let's censor the news.
Okay now you're just trolling him. He said he's not talking about censorship and you come right back at him with the same sarcastic accusation.
You're right dude I should stop being sarcastic.
Yep, who can forget when they glamorized that rockstar lifestyle of Gen. McChrystal and got him ousted.
They didn't put him on the cover, they put Lady Gaga on the cover.
I would respectfully disagree with that statement. Yes, Rolling Stone was originally a very music-focused publication that was the end-all be-all of rock-and-roll magazines. However, in recent years, it has become much more of a news magazine, focusing almost as much on politics as it does on music..As a brief example, the last issue (July 2013, including online) featured articles such as "How the Right Took Over Kansas," "The Last Mystery of the Financial Crisis,"  and "Rising Seas: City-by-City Forecast."
Rolling Stone was originally a music and news magazine, became a music focused magazine, and is changing back.
I think he means how the public views these magazines/newspapers. Sure, they can handle news stories, just the way I could write some for my magazine. However, it doesn't change the fact that the rolling stones is an entertainment magazine, while the Times is a newspaper. That would be like saying "gaming monthly has done a few pieces on the election, so now they are a news source." Rolling Stones is still an entertainment production, and has no reason for this cover.
But RS hasn't done "a few pieces," they've been consistently running news and current events in each release for years.  The only people who are saying that it's just an entertainment magazine are people who don't read it.
That's a fair point, I would agree that the public perception of the two publications are very different, and their target demographics are certainly very different.
I would argue that the times is also an entertainment issue, as they only make money when people buy issues, just like rolling stone magazine. .Sex sells. Gossip sells. Controversy sells, even if it is in bad taste. You cant blame them for achieving their goals for their shareholders. 
But the cover is typically not reserved for the "newsy" articles, unless it's about someone's fame and popularity (e.g. Obama).
I don't think you've ever read RS.
You would be wrong..And you can go ahead and . if you want to prove me wrong. The cover is for musicians, movie stars, tv stars, and Obama or comparably famous and popular public figures. That's the trend and expectation they were purposely breaking when they put a photogenic shot of a killer on the cover.
RS might have been asking too much in hoping that the general public would have read the caption as to why Tsarnaev was on the cover.
Again, that does not matter, and you're assuming that the caption doesn't make this any less terrible. The fact is the caption paints him as anti-hero, being failed by his family and "falling" into terrorism. It makes him out to be somebody who got pushed into a shitty life, and he's pitiable despite becoming a "monster". It celebritizes a killer and a terrorist when there are so many others that could have been focused on if they wanted to do a story about the bombings. As Mayor Menino said, "the survivors of the Boston attacks deserve Rolling Stone cover stories, though I no longer feel that Rolling Stone deserves them." 
Have you read the yet-to-be-released article? Please tell me you have, because your sweeping generalizations about its content and tone suggest you have. 
How does it make him an anti-hero?.I'm not getting a Stone Cold/Wolverine/Duke Nukem vibe from this..I'm getting a story behind a terrorist vibe.
how does this celebrate him? did RS celebrate Charles Manson? OJ? No. it's just journalism. their cover isn't just reserved for rock stars 
Which is the entire fucking point? Without his testimony we can never know why he did it. A very beautiful Twitter human put it best: "idk about people who don't have enough presence of mind to concede someone's humanity while withholding pity for them" (. with a really lovely Storify actually: .)
Personally, I've read many, many, many survivor stories. Seen their photos, many times on covers of things..Why is it so outrageous to want to know more about this kid? .: For those of you downvoting... why is it bad for us, as a society, to learn why/how such an apparently-normal, young adult could have become a murderer? Understanding the enemy isn't excusing their actions. 
[deleted]
Why does it matter? As a dyslexic, a cover of the biggest story is more practical for me than a small headline. Everyone keeps treating this like a trophy. It's a picture. On a magazine. With information about a major event. From a perspective that has, as far as I know, not been covered..The only outrage I could see is if the bomber was profiting off it, or if they were paid huge amounts of money for the story. But I am not aware of that being the case.
I don't see anyone saying that Rolling Stone shouldn't have written an article, but the cover of Rolling Stone has a very specific and storied history of featuring good looking, famous rebel-types in a celebratory, glamorous way. Rolling Stone knew they were being provocative when they put this picture on the cover.
Lets defend Chris Brown the same way.."why is it bad for us, as a society, to learn why/how such an apparently-normal, young adult could have become a woman beater? Understanding the enemy isn't excusing their actions.".Or Hitler."why is it bad for us, as a society, to learn why/how such an apparently-normal, veteran and failed artist could have become a genocidal maniac? Understanding the enemy isn't excusing their actions."
There is at least one person, in this thread, that has criticized the article (saying it should have been about the victims, etc.). It received many upvotes..Re: the rest of what you're saying... That makes sense. I can see why that would, at most, make people go, "That's a questionable decision.".But the outrage that has been happening? Or any form of passionate emotion above a lifted eyebrow? Makes no sense to me.
I don't follow your examples --.If there was an in depth analysis of Chris Brown and why he has become a woman beater... why would that be a bad thing to make available to people?.And for Hitler... they have entire courses, if not degrees, devoted to understanding Hitler. It has had huge benefits..In fact, one of the things that has come about from Hitler/WII-like studies is the idea that the worst thing you can do is dehumanize the enemy. They are "monsters" in their actions, but they aren't . monsters. They are humans. Humans that, for some reason, did horrible acts. Finding out reasons, catalysts, psychologies, etc. is immeasurably valuable to society..But, again, it requires an emotional maturity to appreciate that aspect.
We do study hitler and how he became what he was?
The argument is that no matter how they're portrayed it's giving them fame, and thereby attracting others to perform similar acts to try and get similar fame..Edit: I'm not saying that's my position, just that it's the common argument I've seen/read for why the media shouldn't be putting their names and faces all over.
So is CNN with their hundreds of hours of coverage and constant broadcasting of his name and face. It's moronic to think that this one magazine cover is going to mean as much to other potential terrorists as the fame of being broadcast all over international news stations would. The very fact that people are making a big fucking deal about this magazine cover is giving Tsarnaev more fame than if they just acted like it was another magazine cover. 
This guy was famous LONG before this cover came out.  If he was on the cover of Time people probably wouldn't give a shit.  
Isn't this outlook a textbook case of the "slippery slope" fallacy?
Pretty much, yeah. =P
'fame' is a interesting word. If everbody knows their name, do people want to emulate them? Is that fame?.Lady GAGA
Justin Bieber
Barak Obama
Osama Bin Laden
Adolf Hitler.There are already many obvious ways to achieve 'fame', but at what point can we talk about a persons decision to mass-murder other people? At what point can we address the psychology behind school shootings, bombings, and serial killers. Are they born crazy, or did something society does make them that way, and could that be preventable in the future which would make us all safer..Sweeping this kid under the rug and not talking about it 'so he doesnt get fame' is just sweeping all the issues under the rug as well. He is already famous- now what are we going to do about it?
Actually he is Infamous.  Its a thin line but it does exist.
I voted for castration via a string coated in powdered glass, using lemon juice to irrigate the cut..But that whole cruel and unusual punishment thing. =P
I think that's a pretty poor argument. If the only thing separating society from a statistically significant increase in similar acts is "magazine covers," then we've already failed as a society..Arguably, the controversy is equally tantalizing... which means if we had the emotional maturity to be able to analyze things for what they are instead of burning magazines in the street, perhaps there would be less reason for people to admire guys like that in the first place. After all, there are plenty of psychos in the world... but the ones that get followers are the ones that cause the most outrage and reaction.
I think it is a good argument if you understand the psychology and perceptions that people have. Humans are as irrational as they are rational. 
Then that should be their argument. I'm okay with, "I am irrational and immature, so I cannot handle seeing things like this." That's a valid argument. 
I recommend the book: .to understand more about human nature and how our perceptions mold our realities. We all need to understand the other side's perceptions and how they see things in order to understand how to persuade them.
Oh, I agree completely -- and thanks, I'll check this out..It's just online, I've found its not worth it to attempt to persuade, so I go for "transparent directness" instead lol
For the record I agree with you pretty much 100%.
I figured as much (I knew you weren't stating your view, just restating the common view). Not sure who is downvoting you. Here's an upvote lol.
They also shouldn't have picked the picture that makes him look like fucking Matthew McConaughey.  Check out this heart-throb terrorist!  He'll blow your heart to pieces! /s
I completely agree that he should not be on the cover, especially that picture.  I can understand why they would write an article about him though, on RS' site they basically said that their readers are around the same age as this kid and they just want to delve into what made this seemingly normal kid do what he did.  Still doesn't mean he should be on the cover..edit: . is the article itself.
and this is a note from the editors:
Like he can take a bad picture. Are you jealous thats he's sexier than you?
Should they have smeared some dirt on his face first? Would that jive with how a terrorist is supposed to look? 
The pic reminded more of Jim Morrison
I thought the EXACT same thing. I guess we weren't the only ones:
Bob Dylan.
Matthew McConaughey.... is a douche
I still have seen no evidence pointing to him as the bomber.
Probably because you haven't even looked. 
Oh, he's a terrorist now? Despite the overwhelming evidence he might have nothing to do with the attacks?
Yes, yes he is. Especially since he confessed to it..Also if it's "overwhelming evidence" why would you end that sentence with "he MIGHT have nothing to do with the attacks?" If it's overwhelming wouldn't you be absolutely sure he had nothing to do with the attacks. Either way you are wrong but at least try to make sense.
Some people don't do their research and believe media lies.
So you just ignore the confession?
People can be forced to confess. That being said, the guy is clearly guilty for a myriad of other reasons.
I feel like you may be missing an essential part of your brain.
what evidence is that? his confession? his throwing bombs at pursuing policemen? yes this all looks to mean he has nothing to do with the attacks.../shakingmyhead
Yeah, confessions don't mean shit anymore do they. Or the guy scribing a note inside the boat he was hiding in, wanting people to know it was him incase he died. I'm all about giving him fair due process. You sir need to GTFO. You're not worth out time
What evidence? I dont follow this stuff
Agreed...I dont follow this stuff either. Didnt he admit to doing it?
Yes he did.
How do i know you are telling me the truth? You could be an asain troll...
If only there was some way to know such things!
I'm not standing up for him at all, but I don't think I've been shown irrefutable evidence that this is the guy.  The news is so twisted nowadays, who the fuck knows what's true and what's a rumor?  .Hell, remember the guy in California that the police burned the house down on?  Yeah...that seems to have trailed off into history, and I doubt we ever got the real story there..Is this guy guilty of the Boston bombings?  I don't know, and anyone who takes the . that comes out of the media as 100% truth is simply ignorant..I, for one, am disgusted at the way we, as a nation, are misinformed about a . of events.  If we don't know what happened for sure, then don't fucking preach speculations and try to put them off as cold, hard facts.
He was throwing pipe and pressure cooker bombs at the police while they were being pursued. He wrote a jihadi message on the boat he was hiding out in taking responsibility. You don't have to be 100% sure, even if you were on the jury, it's not 0% doubt, it's . doubt. 
I have no problem with your comment but why do you think you need to know every piece of evidence in a case which most likely did not directly harm you?
Because, realistically speaking, this case probably directly affected almost none of the Redditor's that are commenting on my post or hopping on my downvote train..Why do we need all of the evidence?  To that, I say "why not?"  It's not possible to make an informed decision when the only input for that decision is based on news outlets (which, for the most part, I think we can agree have gotten rather shitty lately).  Who's to say what part of the news is true and accurate and what parts are falsified or embellished?.It's this prevalence of misinformation that has kept me from even watching the news or even staying that up-to-date with current affairs.  You would think that, in the "Information Age," accurate data would be easy to acquire, but it seems to be just the opposite -- you can grab a "source" from anywhere, and start screaming from the mountaintop that the data it gives you is true without an inch of proof other than "Well, it was put on the Internet, therefore it's true."
other than the fact that he and his brother open fired on police officers who were coming to arrest them, he ran over his brother with a car to escape, and tried to kill himself when he was finally caught.  Totally the behavior of an innocent man.  Even if he's not guilty of the bombing, he's guilty of the murder of a cop.
They have a picture of him laying a backpack at the exact location that the bomb was detonated. 
Next to 50 other people with backpacks in the exact location that the bomb was detonated. 
None of them shown placing a backpack on the exact spot on the ground where the explosion happened..EDIT: And pictures do not show "50" people with backpacks. Also, the material of the detonated backpack matches the exact pack that Tsarnaev was carrying. Only Tsarnaev is shown carrying and then placing at the spot of detonation the exact same type of backpack that was exploded. 
Oh okay psycho. . is waiting for you. 
You responded to the wrong person. you meant to have responded to "irvinestrangler"... Oh wait, that's you. You have revealed yourself as a troll by mentioning . to someone stating public opinion.
lol @ public opinion.  Isn't my "opinion" what started this little pissing match?
That doesn't matter. The . comment implies that someone has a crazy opinion that greatly differs from the public's. By bringing that up shows that "irvinestrangler" is completely unaware of what he's talking about, or he's a troll.
Everything you said is correct except for this small thing, ".", this was proven wrong but that didn't stop this misinformation from spreading. I Googled to find a source saying that this is wrong but all the results were saying it as if it were true, . There are better sources out there that say the same thing..He also made a note while hiding in the boat in which he claimed to be responsible for the attacks.
Which shouldn't be a crime. 
Yeah, innocent people tend not to throw bombs at police cars pursuing them...
The picture doesn't "make" him look like anything..It's a selfie that this monster, as the cover calls him, used as a social media profile pic. The picture doesn't "make" him look like anything, it's simply how he looked before he committed the atrocities. .The new face of terror is not some bearded olive-skinned traditionally-gabred cleric in an Afghanistan cave, it's a person that looks like half the guys taking selfies in my Facebook or Instagram feeds. And that is horrifying. 
I have a nagging suspicion that he wasn't good looking in a indie/hipster sort of way they wouldn't have made this cover. They are being douches to get eyeballs. 
Wow the previous comment definitely went over your head. It's the fact that a normal good looking guy is the face of terrorism that makes the magazine cover significant.
That is even more of a reason not to publish this picture on the cover. He took the picture himself; he wanted to be represented this way. We're just reaffirming his own self-image..I like your point about this being the "new face of terror." That would have been an interesting take on the story, but I still think this photo missed the mark.
The mark is us, you, anyone you know taking selfies and instagrams that seems normal. Trust no one. .Report any suspicious activity to your local agents. Beware of doublethink.
The face of terror is the point of missile to most of the world..The fact that you think it's scarier that they don't look like a Muslim is also hugely offensive.  (Preemptive explanation:  Apparently this guy found it comforting that he could just assume every "bearded olive-skinned traditionally gabred [sic] cleric," was a terrorist).
The images of Islamic extremism that has been etched into the psyche of America are Osama bin Laden, Anwar al-Awlaki, Khalid Sheik Mohammed, the Ayatollah. Type in "Islamic terrorist" into Google image search and you will get mostly images resembling what I described above. .To ignore that the average American imagines a Taliban-looking guy when they think of Islamic terrorists is not realistic. Of course not every "bearded olive-skinned traditionally gabred [sic] cleric" is a terrorist, but that is the image conjured in the head of everyday Americans when you say "Islamic terrorist." 
You don't even need the Islamic part. A large portion of Americans see no difference between someone who's of Middle Eastern descent, and a terrorist. They hear the word "terrorist" and they don't imagine Timothy McVeigh. They hear it and imagine a brown guy in a turban.
Everyone is picking on rolling stone for one cover. Yet no one is on CNN for their weeks of 24 hour coverage of this kid. Priorities. 
NOBODY is critical of the media?!?! You must be new here.
I'm not in highschool anymore so I don't watch CNN. Can't you post a screenie of what CNN is doing that's so bad? No, you can't. Can you post a screenie of RS and what they did? Yes. .It's all about commitment. I never click on video links or pics I can't expand using RES. This is reddit. If you think reddit is the voice of America or even material to what the voice of America is, you're a fucking moron like everybody else here. 
I like turtles
Did you live under power lines as a kid, or something?
Send this to the top.
I'm trying as hard as I can.
Or all the news coverage of the Rolling Stone cover by news outlets. They could have just ignored it if they did not think it deserved attention. 
Be careful with those paint chips.  I know they taste good, but eating too many will make you post stupid shit like this.
Not to mention this is no different from when they had OJ Simpson on their cover or Charles Manson. People are overreacting. This is in no way glorifying what the kid did.
It's giving him exposure. It can be argued that the very reason we see these mass murders is partially because the media puts so much focus on the killer. They get a huge spotlight shined on them. They go from a nobody to a celebrity (albeit infamous). The people that perpetrate these acts should be figuratively (and maybe literally) buried and forgotten, while we focus on the victims, the survivors, and the community that rallies around to support them.
Argument invalid unless you also include every other news source under the umbrella of criticism as well.  Rolling Stone has had some of the best political reporting I have read recently, they are just doing their job like everyone else. 
You're right. No one had heard of the boston bombings until they published this cover.
It's not about the bombing. It's about the bomber. The normal news cycle of this event is essentially over and people were beginning to forget about this douchebag. I couldn't even remember his name anymore. Then Rolling Stone pulls this cover and HE is thrust into the spotlight again. 
It's really no one elses problem that you live under a rock..In the last couple weeks, the court proceedings have started leading to nearly 24/7 coverage. Well before anyone had heard of this cover.
In the last couple weeks, it's been near 24/7 coverage? Really? I think you must be confusing this with the Zimmerman trial.
I agree. Every other news source, TV, newspaper, internet, everything, puts far too much focus on the perpetrators of these mass killings. In that sense, Rolling Stone is just another brick in the wall. The only difference is, every other news source has finished talking about this guy and was letting him fade away after they gorged themselves in the immediate aftermath.
Gorged is a great word for what the media did.  .Funny enough, the only reason people can be so up in arms about this "celebritization" is that the media already made him a celebrity with a recognizable face.
but but but terrists
Did OJ and Manson have bedroom eyes, soft lighting, and nice clothes? There are some pretty significant differences here.
It's different.  CNN is (in theory) in the business of supplying viewers with news about the world - you can argue that they dedicated too much coverage to the people who planted the bombs.  .Rolling Stone is in the business of telling readers who and what is cool in the world of music and entertainment.  Putting this kid on the cover of a magazine that generally only features celebrities on their cover is a whole different thing than CNN talking about him.
WHen was the last time you read rolling stone?  I keep seeing people spouting uninformed nonsense to the effect of "ROLLING STONE IS ABOUT MUSIC, NOT NEWS, THEY DON'T GET TO DO STORIES ON THIS".You're fucking wrong. That's all there is to it. It's not different, it's the same.
You seriously think it's a good idea to broadcast 24 hour coverage? Can't you use common sense? We shouldn't make these type of people famous. It'll only make things worse!
I'm not saying they don't get to report news- they clearly have good writers writing substantial pieces.  . and to argue otherwise ignores the facts.
Rolling Stone has been in the business of politics for a long time as well.  Three years have passed since Michael Hastings helped RS take out a General, for instance.
Have you even picked up an issue of Rolling Stone ever? That article that Michael Hastings (journalist who recently died under very suspicious circumstances that just keep getting more suspicious) wrote about Stanley McChrystal that essentially got McChrystal fired was in Rolling Stone. It's not just about "what's cool". Rolling Stone runs a lot of serious content, they probably have more journalistic integrity than the majority of people working for CNN.
I have subscribed to Rolling Stone for a long time.  The idea that they somehow have more journalistic integrity than anyone else in the mainstream media is laughable.  Yes, they have Matt Tiabbi write a great article ever now and again but it gets missed because of the Top 100 whatever lists they publish all the time.  
"i know nothing about rolling stone magazine" fix'd
Rolling Stone is much more than music and celebrities.  That publication has a long history of intelligent pieces about current affairs, and has launched the careers of numerous prolific writers.  

People forget the days of Hunter S. Thompson I guess.
Thank you.
Rolling Stone wins. We are all discussing it and they're all over the news. Smart Play.
Just like Sharknado. Such a stupid thing, yet everyone talks about it.
Sharknado was not stupid. YOU TAKE THAT BACK
I don't think they win, I think their credibility in the long run will suffer from things like this
Well, except for all the people who immediately cancelled their subscriptions and are forever turned off to an already passe publication. Not sure 300 online comments was what they were going for, but I'm flattered if that's really that meaningful to them. Especially considering the inevitable damage control they're faced with.
Exactly, they are just going for sensationalism.  Any publicity is good seems more appropriate now more than ever.
We also dont know what their angle is here. Could be interesting. Besides RS tends to piss people off and defy some social norms. 
Douchebag extraordinaire - Donny Deutsch defending the Rolling Stone Cover on the Today Show "He is one of us, its not like he is wearing a turban or anything"
We take all kinds of pills that give us all kind of thrills.But the thrill we've never known.Is the thrill that'll get ya when you get your picture.On the cover of the Rolling Stone
The funniest thing is that the ACTUAL EXISTING FREAKY JAHAR FANGIRL COMMUNITY is also outraged . . . because they READ SOME WORDS and realized that the article is calling the dude (who they believe is innocent) a monster..But the only reason all y'all are outraged is because you share these dumb fangirls' belief that cuteness equals innocence. Grow up. There are no monsters. There are no innocents. And even if there were we wouldn't be able to see that on a person's fucking face..We have to ACTIVELY CHOOSE to withdraw our empathy from the perpetrators of atrocities. What they look like is definitely NOT a clue.
I think most people here are upset because he is getting attention for what he did. This could cause downtrodden people to believe that if they do something horrible like this kid, then they could be immortalized on the cover of Rolling Stone as well..I'm pretty sure the only ones who care what he looks like are the crazy fangirls.
The bomber wins more.
Yeah I came to comments going to write the top post... If they had picked Obama "for the eighth time" no one would have paid any attention, but this controversial cover gets them all over the news and people will want to buy this article to see what it's about, etc
All this proves is that terrism works, especially if you are a young and pretty killer.
How does this prove terrorism works? Do you believe his goal was to get his picture on the cover of Rolling Stone?
What a crazy idea. A magazine that has freedom of speech... Honestly though, they can write an article about whatever they want. I don't understand everyone's beef with this. We all want our freedoms but if something offends me, then by the power of god, damn it to hell. 
Just don't read it if it offends you. 
Uh... I think that's what the vast majority are saying.  Those who refuse to carry copies for sale are exercising their free speech rights too.  I haven't heard anyone (except a truly few fringe people) say the government should ban this. 
[deleted]
I think you are misunderstanding this whole freedom thing. Of course Rolling Stone has the freedom to put whatever they want on their covers, and people have the right to boycott the magazine. You can only play the "infringing freedom" card if people call for things like the arrest of the editors or fining the magazine..People have the right to be offended, and to offend. Getting the government involved is where the line gets drawn. 
No one has said Rolling Stone doesn't have the right to do whatever they want with their cover. People can respect Rolling Stone's right to free speech while expressing their own dislike of how that right has been used. Free speech goes both ways.
and selling far more copies than previous editions
Even though several major distribution channels are boycotting it?
that just made it more rare. people are clamoring for it now.
And we have all forgotten about the NSA. Thank you media!
It did occur to me that it might become something of a collector's item, then I realized there are going to be a TON of extras. 
Selling nothing yet, it is supposed to hit the shelves tomorrow, but of course most of the shelf owners are saying "nope, not selling it."
This was published in June, 2012. Just 5.1% of Rolling Stone magazines are sold via "Newsstand".
.Rolling Stone made $167 million in 2012. 
.Advertisers. They've kept quiet because people are content to believe that CVS and those other stores boycotting makes a difference. Nope.
How the fuck would a picture of the boston bomber be published in 2012?.edit: ok I get it, the link was published in 2012, not the picture.  continue correcting me as you see fit.
Had you clicked the link, you would see it shows data on subscription vs. newsstand sales in... 2012. 
Shoulda coulda woulda.edit: wow that looks stupid when typed
The report . posted was published in 2012
Indeed
I'm pointing out where their cash flow comes from. They won't take such a hit from this boycott because in-store purchases number very few relative to the big picture..That was the best data I could find with regards to Rolling Stone's yearly* profit, distribution, and subscriptions. .*If I understand the fine print correctly link 1 is just the first 6 months of 2012, just noticed. Still 5.1% over that time.
Yeah sorry mate thought you were referring to the picture
All good friend. We're all racing to get our posts up.
He means the article he linked.
Ohh, my mistake then
Do you guys truly think this is funny?.I like a ton of Dilbert, but this honestly seems like a horrible attempt at a joke. It seems like one of those 'fuck I can't think of anything today' comics..Honestly, this line is funny? Whatever.
I used to tell this to my mom when she told about karma.
Sadly I believe that is the motto some people take. 
Well, Dogbert is intended to be more or less a sociopath.

That's great and all, but where's the prize redemption center for this pile of karma I have built up?
Yea! Let me trade in these 35000 karma points for something I can actually use ;P
reminds me of the Marquis de Sade's take on the Romantic movement

I think adventure time got there dog from this comic 
I forgot Karma meant something else and spent a good minute trying to figure how this comic relates to Reddit Karma..I need to get off Reddit once in a while.
See also the .. (warning: link is unfunny)
Go fuck yourself! ... :)
What's Jake the Dog doing here?
This is so annoying and related to my morning. Some girl on instagram is a waitress who stole 20$ from a customer who was being "rude to her coworker" and hashtagged #karmaisabitch... Karma isn't a bitch, it's unbiased and if it exists it's going to get her now. I couldn't rant on her post but I'm glad I could rant here. 
Yes, but the very principle of karma is that every action good or bad, is deserved.  So all the bad things in life are an unstoppable tidal wave of evil that is self perpetuating.  The customer, under the rules of karma, deserved to have the money stolen from them.  And when this waitress gets her comeuppance, its because she deserves it because she stole the money.  The implications of karma are tremendous, imagine telling someone that the loved one they just lost, was because that perserved deserved to do.  #karmaisabitch
Don't worry, we'll take your rant.
 * ahem *
 
Karma is real though..
Try talking about kill shelters, cancer, mistreated cats and bullying and you'll receive a lot of it. 
I think adventure time got there dog from this comic 
I am pretty sure I read the exact same comic in a Dilbert strip recently but the characters were changed around, so Dogbert was the engineer guy talking to the triangle hair lady.
"Karma" is usually quoted incorrectly in the western world.  We cite it as "good things happen to you because you did good things last week, a month, or years ago.  Or, the converse."  .Whereas, in Indian religions, the cycle of cause/effect is not only longer, but impossible to observe because it takes place through death and rebirth.   You can be a shitty person and will not experience "bad luck" in this life, but will be repaid in the next.  After death.  The justice is not seen in this life at all.  Depends on who you ask though, Indian religions are a crapload of independent beliefs..The western interpretation of Karma-in-your-lifetime is really no different than the popular Christian belief that God rewards good people and punished bad people within your lifetime (again, not all branches of Christianity even believe this).  He decides who is a good person and undeserving of being a poor, yet devoted, single mother and sends someone to help her, or gives her a lottery win.  The luck embodies favor with God for unspecified virtues.
Which is just as bad if not worse.  After-life religions force people to do things that will help them in the afterlife but neglect better the real world we all live in.  Kill the fags cause god doesn't like them instead of hey lets make the world a better place for everyone.
From what I remember, this was the middle panel of the comic - the last one was really weird..*edit - 
Good work - .just searching for 'dogbert karma' got me a pretty good set of results. Good tagging Mr Adams!
A wise man once said: "Karma can only be portioned out by the cosmos."
So I can downvote OP because he probably deserves it?
Maybe. I might. I don't know !?!
I've been doing this for YEARS, plus it's a good excuse to get a friend to help you do a good deed
I thought the central theme of Buddhism was every man for himself.
"there is only one true path, and its through 8 rounds in the octogon. OH YEAHHH"
Not all buddhists believe in karma
Next you'll be telling me that Aristotle was not Belgian and that the London Underground is not a political movement.
Another Otto fan.
I wouldn't consider that representative of Buddhism as a whole and it is definitely not part of my belief.  Karma is a little difficult to explain without more context so let me start with samsara.  Samsara is the circle of life and it talks about how we are all interconnected.  I find the easiest way to think about that is through science.  All matter is conserved and atoms enter and leave your body daily so you have in you what used to be part of someone else and will be part of another person.  When you die you not only do your ideas and actions effect the next generation; you are literally a part of them as your atoms still live.   Karma is the idea that how things moving through samsara follow the rules of cause and effect.  There are six forms over three planes of existence and each of these has a mental state it is equal to.  As atoms leave and enter you, you are continuously reborn closer to a different one of the six forms.  Good karma may rebirth you into joy tomorrow.  Bad karma may rebirth you into anger tomorrow..The way I have chosen to integrate this belief into my life is by looking at the future as a joint goal.  Parts of me and parts of you will both work towards the same future.  You and I are both results of the same past's work.  We are like two fingers on the same hand.  We are separate at a low level but at a high level we are part of the same hand.  
Perhaps in Theravada but in the Mahayana schools we strive to free all beings from suffering. 
Also its good to note that with the exception of the Tibetans who did not get a certain sutra Buddhists wouldn't see karma in a way that would support the caste system. Karma is the law of cause and effect  not some cosmic system keeping tally of who's naughty or nice. 
Alternatively, not all Buddhists would interpret karma in that way.
Wasn't this on the show too?
The entire series is free on Hulu and it's still really funny. I think it came before it's time which is a shame. 
I saw it on Netflix. But I was talking about this quote. Wasn't in on the show?
Actually, the concept of "karma" does seem to support the oppressive caste system across India.  Legally, the caste system is outlawed in that caste is no longer a factor is legal status.  But cultural discrimination is still widespread..The theory is that caste birth is a ramification of karma, the order of the universe.  It is morally wrong to interfere with that divine order.  .The people of low caste were born into that because of problems with their soul, it IS because of something they did in a past life.  Not only do they deserve it, it is . to interfere by treating a soul going through these difficult trials with equal rights and opportunities.  Because those trials of being born poor are the ONLY way they elevate their soul to a higher state.  .Not like those who were born with wealth.  We're wealthy because we were GOOD in a past life, and a superior race of souls.  The lower caste has the opportunity to join us, but only through suffering.  The suffering is required, and you're obligated to heap it on them.
The saddest part is that they don't even realize that they have problems with their "souls" because the entire global matrix system is designed to keep 99% of the GLOBAL population in poverty. Of course, it might not be 99% right now, maybe 98%, depends on what you define as poverty. Most "working class" citizens are actually living in extreme poverty in comparison to the wealthy class and the ruling elite even more so. .They don't even question why there are so many poor people. Could it be that population size increases exponentially as one man and 1 woman (or in some cases 1 man and 2+ women) have like 6+ kids? No, it has to be what we've been told all along since the beginning of our simple little existence. Keep the poor (barely) alive and the rich in power and we'll do just fine. 
Wow, someone Reddit Gold'ed me for this!  Thank you, Gold Fairy!
That's clearly just people taking advantage of being wealthy and making excuses as most countries and religions tend to do. Karma should be seen more like rocks in a shallow stream, and we're the stream. If you take a rock out, it makes things better and smoother for everyone. If you throw a rock in, you disrupt the peace of everyone including yourself.
Never thought about that, but it make sense, in a weird way.  Kind of like Monarchy and peasant in medieval time.
It is no different in MODERN times.  There remains a widespread assumption that wealthy people are productive and earned their due, whereas poor are unproductive freeloaders who will never learn without suffering..Basically that capitalism rewards people for their effort, and this the rich must have- or, at least, .- earned their status, through hard work or exceptional cleverness.  
There is no understanding of the structure of the universe that cannot be used to justify being a dick. .This is why the "is-ought" problem exists. . - no matter what the state of the universe, whatever natural or supernatural structure or system of punishment you imagine, or system of ethics imposed from any source, humans can always justify being an asshole. .God exists, so we ought to obey him; or maybe we ought to disobey a being that attempts to control and oppress humanity... Obedience is rewarded with heaven, so maybe we ought to obey and enjoy the fruits of good behaviour - or maybe it's better to disobey and not sell ourselves for a reward... Or god doesn't exist, so we ought to do whatever we like since there are no consequences, or maybe we ought to be even more moral since we bear personal agency over the choices... and on and on it goes. .In the end, no system of natural or supernatural cosmology can actually guarantee anyone doesn't screw other people over. Values and normative goals can't be proven. 
This is shows how silly the belief in Karma is.
But there's still a cognitive dissonance in that line of thinking.  How did the lower caste people earn their bad karma in their previous life?  Perhaps it was by ignoring/exacerbating the misery of those in a lower caste?.It's like a feedback loop.
well, like a lot of belief systems, its just something those in power use to justify oppressing those that are now, and they will pick and choose parts of it as long as it serves as a means of control.
It is nothing BUT cognitive dissonance.  However, while I'm not a sociologist who can really speak from any sort of observation, the caste system of class discrimination is indirectly, yet in a very real sense, supported by the belief in karma..But the exact relationship you cite is actually not cognitive dissonance.

That's why the "shit's not fair, so be nice to everyone" line of thinking is best.
Yeah, makes me think of a story I hear regularly about someone's family member with limited mobility getting stink-eye for using a handicap space, even if they have a permit..If we could just assume that they are disabled instead of assuming they aren't, those people wouldn't have to cope with a disability AND the stigma of inappropriately using those spaces.
Well I don't think there's any equivalent of a preacher standing on a pulpit stating a literal interpretation like that.  .It's actually a common, almost universal belief regardless of religion.  A public execution seems to come with an assumption of guilt- well, obviously this person did terrible things and it's obviously known, otherwise why would he be executed?  Paired with a sense of comfort that the universe is fair and just, that people are punished.  Confidence in "the system" is reinforced, for no logical reason.  .Legal process is flawed and often these people were tried outside the public eye, the witness to the execution knows nothing about their history.  .But there's an ASSUMPTION that this wretched, forlorn man presented embodies guilt and justice.  Well, he HAS to, doesn't he?  We're not barbarians, we are a just society, and have a legal system, lawyers and courts were involved, so clearly a man being executed is justice.  Anything else is unthinkable.
Makes me think of the old Medieval (probably much earlier) way of handling serious disputes: Trial by combat! The loser must have been guilty because God is good!.Kind of becomes "argumentum ad consequentiam", in a way.  They want the system to be just, therefore it is.
There is always a dark side to religious concepts. .The concept of prayer for a sick person to get better is pretty disturbing, when you think about it.  The idea that God makes decisions as to who lives or dies by counting "upvotes" from duly virtuous people..What, so there's two comparable people in equivalent car accidents.  One is part of a popular church, his story goes viral, and has 50,000 people praying for him, and God decides that's good enough and wills a miraculous intervention in this affair, and saves him because enough people asked it.  The other is a good person but his story does not go viral online, and no one prays for him, or not enough people, and God says "well, some people have to die, you ended up with the lowest score"..Of course this horrifying consequence of the believed system is never discussed, and no Christian do not "believe" in this part, even though it's an inextricable consequence of the most certainly believed concept of "effective prayer"..Not all Christians believe in effective prayer, BTW.  Some sects do not do "God answers prayers", it's an "uninvolved God who operates by His plan alone".  There's still prayers of worship, affirmation of creed, but not asking for intervention.  Either for one's self, or unselfishly for things to benefit others.
I so want to contribute to the tread, but my english is too poor for me to write a good argument, that a fear i'll sound like ., so i make a circlejerk joke instead.  Sorry
I'm just depressed to think about this at all. Every time I hear about the caste system, I think of some wealthy person spitting on a sickly child in rags, and feeling justified by it. It has to be that some horrible rich group of people thought this up to essentially "enslave" the poor in perpetuity. It can't be right. This type of malarkey makes me hate our capacity for evil.
Go read some Nietzsche and you may discover that the jew/christian notion of morality you covet so much was also created to control others.
You're right about Nietzsche's views there, but I'm not sure why you think he covets Christian morality.
religions eh? 
It's a bit similar to how the catholic church repeats the old mantras about the nobility of being poor, suffering, and submission. .Religion's role of consolidating power has now been taken by public education, I think. Every kid in history class learns about how their country was the best, about traitors and heroes, and about these sneaky French.
Well religion was always a great tool for controlling people.  I'm not sure if it is part of any main religion anymore, but the beliefs from it still live on.
Dilbert, the comic for pseudo intellectuals. 
Garfield is MUCH better.
Actually, that's not true for most religions. Most religions promote equality, at least in the religious sphere. Also, karma and the caste system was supported by the hindu religion, but that doesn't mean that it was a religious institution. It was a social organization.. That means that all believers are equal under God's eyes, even if they are not socially or culturally equal. That means that, for example, slaves have not to practice a different or inferior form of religion for practicing the same religion their masters practice..We know about slaves who had important religious positions at early church. This was clearly an adventage for the church and it made slavery socially rejected during most of the Middle Ages.
Well first of all I didn't say it was the case for all religions, just that they can be good for controlling people because they appear to not be influenced by people, but instead by a greater power..Anyway, Christianity was a great tool because it helps control the masses by making them feel they have a greater purpose.  The medieval times is a good example where people would spend their whole lives working, but on Sunday's they could have a break for church.  And instead of getting pissed at the king or whoever was their ruler for their shitty lives where they work for almost nothing and have no chance of advancing, they just kept going on because they were under the impression that they would go to heaven and it would all be worth it.
You Sir, sound like an ass hat! Here have a downvote. 
A lot of stuff like that is just emergent social orders that were incorporated into religious belief systems. The problem with religion is that it's easily co-opted by people who have the means to spread their brand of the message, so if the wealthy pay the clergy to preach the justification for the caste system, what are the plebs going to do? Argue? Anyway, caste systems and rigid social hierarchy emerged independently in several civilizations around the world, so it's hard to blame it on a particular belief structure. It's more likely that belief structures arose, and it was a long time until one was successfully disseminated which popularized the idea that even the poor, lowly, or unaffiliated have basic human dignity, and deserve to be treated with respect.
If your really that pissed off about religion then listen to me for a minute. Mocking religion isn't funny in the slightest. You need to delete your comment now and come over and visit us at these subreddits:
.
Don't turn away, you can find truth in these subreddits. Also I'm a mod so you can message me questions. THanks for your time, also I recommend unsubscribing from ., theres a lot of tempting material there and they're just out to convert religious people to a life of doubt.
Oh Ferd...
Have an upvote #fabturd.
I actually got a laugh out of that, but it looks like you're trying to collect downvotes so I'm not sure what the best way is to thank you for that.  I guess I'll give a downvote.
Seriously I found Jesus because of these subs. Thanks to the mods .u/fabulousferd 

As a Minion lover...this made my freaking day..BEE DOH BEE DOH BEE DOH!!
That's despicable. 

As a firefighter. ..I approve.
Good thing you can kill them in one hit no matter how much damage you do.
The fire hydrant is unlike any other. I guess you could say it's one in a minion.
Quick, piss on him.
STUART! WHAT ARE YOU DOING ON THE STREET! EL MACHO CAN TAKE YOU AGAIN! & calm your tits everyone, it's just a joke. I'm sure that person did it out of fun. 
so despicable     
Now there lives an awesome parent
ja ja ja
blue caster minion op
Ba-Ba-Ba-Ba Nanana!
huehuehuehuehuehuehueh
It looks like you live in the Midwest based upon the house and yard.
The sad part is, when a house on that block catches fire. They'll blame the Fire Department for not putting the house out in time or saving people when the real reason was because someone dressed up a hydrant like a minion... 
Kevin. 
AHH!
Oh look it's an Adlington!
As a firefighter I approve. Unless were rolling to a fully involved residency. That would suck getting him undressed. 
I hate that my first reaction to this is contempt, because I think it's viral advertisement..I think I've officially become a bitter old man  :(
People talking about how this is dangerous... There is not a doubt in my mind that a trained Firefighter has the ability to pull gloves and a piece of cloth off of a fire hydrant in about 5 seconds flat.
When I was a kid, my home town had a competition to see who could paint the best fire hydrant.  The idea wasn't original to my town.  It was seen as a creative community thing to do.  We didn't put clothes on them or anything that would get in the way.  I painted the one in front of my house to look like George Washington, with the blue coat and tails and the powdered white wig.
Bee-do bee-do bee-do bee-do.
Loving how the top of the cap makes it look like he's frowning. Awesome.
This is complete greatness.. 
Why do you have them sticking up in the street like that, I'm in UK and over here they are sunk into the pavement
Meep!
Haha, cute! A trailer for Despicable Me 2 popped up on my television just as I was clicking this link. lol 
Were you with the girl you love?
imagination
The neighborhood reportedly burned to the ground because firefighters, "couldn't get that fucking costume off the hydrant nozzles" in time to stop the blaze.
A rather busty, and occasionally wet minion. Just what I've been looking for.
It's a $1500 fine to "vandalize" a fire hydrant. A friend of mine who was doing knitting bombs put one on a fire hydrant. At a later date, a cop saw her doing another one, asked her about the hydrant, she admitted it, thinking it was not harmful, and he wrote her up. Go America!
Oh just wait until someone's house nearby is burning to the ground and the firemen can't find the fire hydrant. Oh I bet they will think this is so cute and forgive the person who delayed help. 
Illegal. 
Hey, OP, thanks for getting that Fuck You song stuck in my head.
Some of your minions are unable to reach their lairs!
I saw one of these in Walnut Creek, CA.   I wonder if it's just a case of awesome minds think alike or if it's a crass marketing gimmick.
Funny but that's like decorating a fire extinguisher...  shouldn't have to waste time pulling shit off it to use it.
That's despicable.
I know this particular situation is minor, and funny to boot.  But there's a reason that modifying/decorating/painting/hiding a fire hydrant is illegal is because if it weren't "zero tolerance" then eventually people might start doing ridiculously crazy things to them which could eventually mean that a family of kids could burn to death in a house fire.  I'm pretty liberal about things like this usually, but anything involving a hydrant just doesn't sit well with me.   
Haha lol despicable me is a laugh riot 
Does anyone think this movie is kind of overrated?
Ahhh.....Comic-Con
This could make an incredibly silly video if that house were to ignite spontaneously.
Do not tell these guys!
until someone decides to kick it
I thought the op was going to say he hit a possum.
Hmm..I was driving to work when a 
My girlfriend is obsessed with minions, I play Vocaloid songs for her and she still believes its Minion music 
Once again, I'm finding myself to be too old for Reddit. :(
Despicable Me wasn't that funny. The story was super predictable and the minions didn't cut it. 
Hue hue I get these jokes because I just watched despicable me 2
Kevin!
Firefighting is a pretty serious business.
lol
You did this.  It's not funny.  It's dangerous.  Take it down now.
it still takes time off from us hooking up 
That's a fire hydrant, not a minion. Open your eyes.
Every second counts.
as I firefighter I can tell you the person would be fined and we would just break the stuff on there to get to the hydrant 
How would you be able to prove who it was?  Being serious.  It could be anyone on the block
I'm a firemen as well thats why i posted haha. Nothing better than someone parking in front of a hydrant though. Bashing out the driver and passenger side window to shove a 5 inch line through both sides is a nice dose of street justice. 
As a firefighter, we'd just take the stuff off the hydrant.
Yea I've said the same thing. Edit: Fine would be up to the cops. Im in NY so they most likely would be fined 
Why would we (EDIT: we handle our own fines) fine them for something they spent time doing with their kids that takes us 20 seconds to undo? Not very good PR. Now if it was like some sort of "garden" around it or they built their mailbox over it, different story.
I didnt say the fire department would. We would just take the stuff off and give a warning if we saw it. but if it came dwon to an emergency situation, the cops here aren't the nicest bunch. 
thats the cops issue
hahah that picture is legendary 

lol
I read was driving around town and continued the lyrics for way too long than i should of.

I throughoutly enjoyed both parts.  It's no Toy Story but Despicable Me is good in its own way.
MINIONS HAVE SPAWNED
That's a fire hydrant and it's fucking illegal. That asshole should be thrown in jail for vandalism and endangering the public. I hope it's their kid in the fire that can't get water.
Wow, you just wished for a child's death because you were angry at an internet post.  .You have issues, dude.
Banana?! 
You are correct, small town Ohio at it's finest here
Sylvania? 
Nope, I've never even heard of Sylvania.  This is in eastern Ohio
Jersy shore better than despicable me. #datruth
Yes!!  Like most sequels - it cashed in the originals success.  
Papoy!
:(
I am doing this to every fire hydrant in my neighborhood.
He looks angry. Minions aren't angry. He should have been purple. 
I now have a mission to accomplish this week. 
Was there a crazed mob rushing towards it?
Hilarious.
I know they tried, but I wish it came out better... :(
Hilarious shitty photoshop, Upvote sheep.
Pretty sure that's a fire hazard
I'm gunna go ahead and say this now. 3 posts in the last hour about these things, I get that they're from a movie, but I've never seen either of them. I only know they exist cause a friend asked me to go with her and I haven't got glasses..Are these becoming a thing?
FYI it's from Despicable Me 2 and the movie is hilarious.
...Did you read my message? I said I knew it was from Despicable me, I was just asking why they're suddenly so popular when the movie's been out for weeks.
Did you read your "message"?
I understand that these characters are indeed from a movie, but as I have seen neither of these particular movies and am only aware of them due to a friends mentioning, I request information on why these particular characters are suddenly so popular on our dear Reddit..Better your majesty?
Meh.  Would have been better with proper comma use, but I'll allow it.
I assume they're popular on Reddit because most people that went to watch the movie enjoyed it and Reddit is one of the best places to discuss the film and its characters.
I assume you're talking about getting 3d glasses - they give those to you at the theater, you don't have to provide your own..Also, it's from a very popular movie, they already are a thing and have been for a couple years now.
No, I meant actual glasses. I know the movies have been around, but why, after however long it's been released, are all these posts showing up tonight? Coincidence?
The 2nd movie only came out a couple weeks ago..I'm confused about your glasses comment though, you don't have glasses so you can't see?
Near sighted, everything more than a little further away than my monitor and I can't make out the details, it'd be like paying to see a 144p video from youtube on a theatre screen for me.
What town were you driving around in?
That minion has some nice cleavage...
Are imgur pictures not loading for anyone else..?
It's all fun and games until someone's house lights on fire.
Where do you live that has yellow hydrants?!
Shelbyville.
What the fuck? This is not pop culture, stop forcing these stupid characters.
Nobody is forcing these characters on you.  Just because something appears on the front page that you don't have any interest in does not mean that he submission is not interesting to others.
It's pop culture, but for children. I don't care for it, either.
this would have been a great idea during the two summers I painted fire hydrants for a living!
How stupid are theses persons? That's unsafe and there causing a potential problem. Idiots, I wish people were smarter.
as horrible as your grammer is....youre right. I'm a firefighter and if we saw that we would be pissed. the owner of the house would be fined 

Obviously, what language do you even speak? I was born in America and has spoken it all my life..unlike you who apparently is too stupid too read it.
I feel like you're just trolling now.
Whatever, your all just trolling for things too correct. Just lay of people and have fun for once

Do you just randomly drive around town with these gas prices?
Why is this the top submission?



As an Australian, i thought hydrants of that style were a 60's thing....We just have a small plate covering a hole offset on the road which connects to the water mains only on the odd occasions like on large properties where mains aren't usually found (for example at a shopping center, school or such) do they have a .Usually the fireies connect a t-shaped pipe to the main for access.
And you call fire fighters fireies? 
where does the water come out of that one?
I'm wondering the same thing.  It's got valves, just no place to connect a hose.
Well, there's that too..Ambos, Coppers, Fireies, Chazza, Johno, Steveo, Mike, cunt, ect.
Chazza.  I don't know what it is, but I love it.
This is only funny if the viral marketer behind it has his house burn down.
That escalated quickly. Have you ever . Despicable Me? It is freaking awesome. I haven't seen Despicable Me 2 yet, but I am sure it is just as good. I think you need to relax and enjoy the fun man.
Why did you link that subreddit?  O.o
Driving traffic to a small spam subreddits all created/owned by banned users. Does it with a few different subreddits if you look through post history. 
That minion has a huge rack. 
A huge uniboob.
"Dave, not cool"
Not Dave. Could be Stewart though.
Dave has two eyes.   Yes I'm 23 and know this
Damnit. I so want to do this, however I feel it is probably slightly dangerous and rather illegal.
It's just stupid is all. Hopefully this won't start some trend of people defacing fire hydrants. But knowing how reddit is, it probably will. 
who cares if it is illegal did u see that vido where the cops shot that dog?? like what teh cfuk
You'll never be the ferd.
Ferdinand Magellan? 
FabulousFerd
Around here the person who owns the house by the hydrant will get fined for that.
Where are you from? I have never heard of that happening. When people open fire hydrants the house next to it doesn't get charged for it. 
Im in NY and opening a fire hydrant can destroy the hydrant and property if not opened all the way. I can guarantee you that the people on your block don't open the hydrant all the way other wise the pressure would be too much. opening a hydrant is illegal. sometimes local police have sprinkler caps for it but usually they dont. 
I know but we were talking about the police charging or ticketing the house in front of it. 
| When people open fire hydrants the house next to it doesn't get charged for it..I miss read what you wrote. I thought you said the people next to you open theirs up. you are right they don't. its really all up to the cops. if they find out someone else did it then they would warn them. Its not like the cops will just run up and say "Hey the fuck!? heres a fine!" 
O_o well that's rather absurd.. it is the private property owners duty to maintain the public property??
Probably depends on local laws. Similar to how property owners are responsible for shoveling the public sidewalk in front of their house in many places.
What if you're on holiday?
Around here you have until 24 hours after the snow stops to shovel the sidewalk.  If you don't shovel it you can get ticketed and fined.  If the city employee is especially energetic, they will shovel your sidewalk for you and bill you.  It can get up to a couple hundred dollars, especially if you are a repeat offender..There is no excuse.  If you are on vacation you need to have someone else take care of it.
Wow that sounds crazy. Granted, in England, our government struggles to grit roads properly let alone shovel the pavement
no its not rather absurd. It is the private owners duty to maintain the public property in front of their house ESPECIALLY if they have a hydrant. I'm a firefighter and having that stuff on there reduces time for us to start our job.  yes they will most likely be fined by the cops. at least where I am 
it must be a pain to have to call SEAL team six to remove that for you guys, after all that's why it's so time consuming right? 
It's absolutely absurd. .Imagine buying a house in front of a fire hydrant. Some punks vandalize the shit out of it. Too fucking bad, your problem. .There is no way that makes ANY sense at all.
you didnt read any of the other comments did you? The cops especially in my town arent the friendliest. They would give a warning no doubt and if a firefighter saw it we would do the same. But when it came down to an emergency situation I would have no doubt in my mind the cops would make it a bigger deal than we would. We (fire department) mainly care if the gardening around it is unkept and we cant find it. 
10 whole seconds!
In an emergency 10 seconds can be vital.  It could be life or death, that's why firetrucks drive so fast..That being said, this hydrant is cute as hell.
I've driven a firetruck very fast.  I couldn't find the button to turn on my sirens though so I just constantly smashed into cars until my firetruck caught fire.  I then jumped out and let it careen into the side of a building and explode.  I then stole a Sentinel XL and drove away.  .Edit: The firetruck was stolen which the cops didn't seem to mind.  I got a wanted level of 2 after I struck a police car and then ran over the officer inside.  Not my fault I couldn't find the siren and the breaks on that behemoth sucked.  Also who uses breaks in GTA?
it was a joke.actually, it would probably be 3 seconds to rip that shit off, so i don't think it would be a big deal either way
You CANNOT fine someone for that. Unless it was the home owner who did it, and you had proof they did it. .You'd be laughed out of court. 
No I wouldn't. It is law where I am that the home owner is responsible. Do you actually think the fire department drives around town constantly to examine hydrants? In NY you so can fine someone for that because it can cause problems if people mess with hydrants 
You live in crazy land. 
response time is everything in emergency services. every second counts. why do you think emergency vehicles go so fast?
I get it. I just don't think it makes any sense to fine the homeowners who happened to have some kids put a costume on the fire hydrant that sits on their lawn. 
well obviously the cops are going to say did you do this and or know about it. I doubt they would right away do anything
you realize every second counts in an emergency situation right? hence we drive fast and go through red lights and have you pull to the right. those ten seconds count. they could mean life or death for someone especially in a burning building 
well when you put it that way, it almost makes me want to apologize... almost
I'm not going to argue that anyone has any right to do that to a fire hydrant, but the only way I could see a homeowner being fined for something like this is with a warning or something first. Unless the items on the hydrant have their name on it or something you would have no idea who did it. And can you imagine being the home owner, fined for whatever on something anyone can access? That would be ludicrous. Beyond removing the stuff a couple times, I'd let the fire dept know and call it a day.
oh yea Im only speaking in a emergency situation. It would be up to the cops to fine the person or not. Im in NY so they most likely would get in trouble 
Here I was just throwing bottles at exes houses, all I have to do is dress up hydrants in front of their houses and call Crimestoppers!
That makes a bit more sense. I still think it would be tough to fine them even in that instance, but I was picturing a cop driving down the street and fining someone because of their fire hydrant lol
Yes it is. Does the government maintain the private property behind the public property at all? You bet your sweet tax dollars they don't. They . however force you to pay if you do not. .Fined if you don't keep up what is yours, fined if you don't keep up what isn't yours, I love government! 
Why don't we just meet in the middle and say it's .?
Fire hydrants help keep your house from burning down, so it does help you. Putting decorations that prevent saving a house from burning down is not cool. Go ahead, park in the fire lane. You pay taxes, fuckem right?!
the only reason its like that is so the fire department doesn't have to worry about people screwing around with hydrants. 
Distorting what I have said does not a point prove. .Nobody said it did not help you.Nobody said this was anywhere near okay. And the owner of the house would not be fined for this (unless it was their car), so your statement has no place here.
You are not worth arguing with. 
I'm not saying screwing with hydrants is acceptable, I'm saying fining the property owner for someone vandalizing one while they're at work is just ludacris. 
I think there's a pretty clear difference between vandalizing and decorating though
I disagree, you should not obstruct the hydrants in any way, shape, or form. Doing so could have bad consequences. Best to leave public safety things alone!
Decorate lamp posts all you want, don't mess with fire hydrants.
Nice try, Universal Studios.r/hailcorporate
How is this is even on the front page.
Seriously. This and the mcdonalds post.. jesus.
one of the more obvious ones, nothing funny about it.
How? This guy has been an active redditor for a year.
tinfoil hat redditors who can't believe some kids go apeshit for the stuff...
My first thought exactly. How do they make it to the #1 post???
Automation.  This should be studied by the reddit devs to determine how Universal's marketers did it.
 
They've been . pushing the advertising on this film hard. It's in my grumpy face everywhere I look.
more is coming ,there's a spin-off film with only minions in it. I don't know if it's official yet, but some of my friends are working/going to work for it in paris .edit: and if you want to see more minions, here's an album with the hot air balloon minion they have (this was during the annecy animation festival): 
How can they expect firefighters to find the fire hydrant when it is disguised? 
Bee-daw bee-daw bee-daw
well as a firefighter I will say this. hope they don't mind that stuff getting ripped or broken for us to get to the hydrant 
um there's blue reflectors on the road that tell fire fighters where the hydrants are located . .The more you know
There's no markers anywhere, including blue reflectors, anywhere it snows.  I was astounded the first time I moved to NYC from SoCal.  How do they know they're drifting out of their lane when they doze off on the freeway?!
Canadian Here..A) you're the only one on the road, so lanes don't matter..B) you're not the only one of the road, so follow the tire tracks of the other car ahead of you..On major highways, they make groove/rumble strips on the sides so you know if you're about to go too far off the highway and into a ditch.
Well, the reason they don't have any of these in NYC is because they would meet an untimely fate vs snowplows.
by attaching a hose to every small human-like object
Very good point. I hope they get jail time.
It would still be easy to find due to the . in the road.

They cut grooves into the pavement at the edge of the road that make a loud noise if you hit them with your car. These exist both in Canada (land of snow) and in Florida (land of sun). Not sure what that marker thing is you speak of, but any object higher than the pavement itself would get scraped off by a plow in a snowy climate. We use paint here and repaint every spring because the methods we use to remove ice also cause the paint to weather more quickly...
Actually, given the circumstances, it's a really good representation of a minion!  I only wish I could be that creative...
Because there not fucking idiot cunts like you and are capable of seeing something simple like a fire hydrant, grow a pair of fucking eye you cunt.
You know those blue reflectors you see on the road, that seemingly follow no pattern? They mark fire hydrants~
Yea I bet they'll mind... 
Sarcasm?
You expect me to thank you for saving my house? Look at this destroyed Minion!!
I'm a firefighter and I've never seen or heard of that before. 

Come to California cause that's where I live and we have blue reflectors on the middle of the road telling fire fighters where those hydrants are at. Learned this as a kid from a off duty fire fighter mentor 
maybe it was just a dude in a yellowjacket telling you directions to his van
It's not every place. We have it on divided highways. The white reflectors on the road occasionally are blue. That marks where it is. I used to live somewhere where they painted yellow dashes next to the curb since the hydrants were so far back from the road
There is actually a major problem in some areas with suburbanites repainting fire hydrants. Different colors imply different water pressures or something like that..I'm not a firefighter so my information is inherently tainted but you get the picture.
There is one a few houses down from me that someone painted pink and drew flowers on it. I think it's about time I take a picture and contact the fire department and/or rake in karma on reddit. 
And. Definitely an "and" situation.

There is truth to that, however, I'd imagine this particular hydrant was already yellow and was simply dressed up.
For a day of world domination
Yes, every fire hydrant in my city is the same yellow color. This one was just dressed up. It actually stands out a lot more than the common yellow one does.
Firefighter here. .The regulation (well its actually a standard), relatively speaking, is newer. Not all jurisdictions have adopted the color system. Like where I work they use it, but added stuff because we have places where hydrants exist, but we can't use them due to politics..Never heard of locals reprinting them. That would be bad..Canton, OH has some hydrants that were orange and black, which was rival high school Massillon's colors. I asked someone why they did that, and their response was "because that's where dogs pee".
When I was a kid, the guy who lived next door painted the hydrant in front of his house white to match some ugly rock garden he had put in around it.  I remember people telling him that it was illegal to repaint the hydrant, but it's still white to this day, so I don't know what to believe.
Fire hydrants in my county all became pink for Paint the Town Pink.  However, you cannot  miss them
I would rather see that than the people who use fire hydrants as decoration and don't mark them to let us know they don't work.
Can't use them due to politics? What do you mean?
The water is being provided basically under private contract. We aren't even sure of the whole story but basically the hydrants are labeled "tanker fill only" so we are allowed to fill our trucks with them, but if there is a fire we can't pump from them (yes it makes little sense). The neighborhoods with this also have many underground water storage tanks, and we treat the area as one without hydrants. Still though, it's probably going to take a major fire in the neighborhoods before they let us use them.
Thanks for the answer. So what are the hydrants for that do not say "tanker fill only"?
Well we can use hydrants that aren't a part of those neighborhoods as we normally would. They are new subdivisions in an area that is mostly rural. I think the politics boils down to a company providing water had them installed but is concerned about them being able to pump enough water for a fire, so if someone died in a fire I guess the liability could be put on the water company. But I'm not sure exactly and don't want to be wrong.
At first it sounded strange but kind of makes sense, you dont want to couple the hose and then realize that there just isnt enough pressure to do anything but fill some buckets after a short while.
Ok, well thanks for the answers. I just think that if I needed water at a fire I would say fuck politics and use the hydrant and deal with the repercussions afterwards.
Seems to be the popular opinion around here ;)
Wait, there are fire hydrants that you can't use due to "politics"? WTF?
The water is being provided basically under private contract. We aren't even sure of the whole story but basically the hydrants are labeled "tanker fill only" so we are allowed to fill our trucks with them, but if there is a fire we can't pump from them (yes it makes little sense). The neighborhoods with this also have many underground water storage tanks, and we treat the area as one without hydrants. Still though, it's probably going to take a major fire in the neighborhoods before they let us use them.
It scares me people can be so goddamn petty. "YOU'RE NOT ALLOWED TO USE OUR WATER!!" 
"FINE. FUCK IT, LET IT BURN."
That is just... crazy..You can fill your truck, but you cannot use it to fight an actual fire in front of you? How does anybody come up with this stuff?
It's possible those water mains feed something that if water supply ran short it could damage equipment or something could overheat and start its own fire. Someone somewhere made the call that it shouldn't be used for fire fighting even though it was still designed with hydrants. Source: I've designed a couple water mains.
Where I live Its because the water departments don't trust the Engineers (the ones who pump the water) to keep our intake at a safe level so as not to damage the water lines. We train extensively and know what is safe and not, but no matter how much we know or train they are fill only. Also there is a good chance to shake up sediment in the line which can cause some dirty water that they have to deal with complaints about.
"I swear there was a fire hydrant here last week.. Mr. Minion, do you see a fire hydrant anywhere??"
Papoy? Ohhhhh! 
Bee-doo bee-doo bee-doo!!
It was your cousins idea, Whaaaaaaat!?
my cousin died last week so if you coud not mention cousins that woud be great. im so sorry but it brings back bad memories and i want reddit to be safe for all ok
, you have some work to do.
Are you trying to steal Ferd's job now?
cant a strong independent woman such as me work her own job and not be criticized?!! i may have be on some streets but that doesnt make me less than you. you should grow up and realize this for the next time you wnat to leave a mean comment that im trying to steal something. check on the cameras even the manager said i didnt steal ANYTHING OK THOSE CHARGES GOT DROP SO DONT TELL ME I STEAL SOMETHING OK
Trollolololol
laugh and laugh all u want....whats in that picture more than anything is defacing government property and thats not all......what if that house caught fire and the fireman who are working are delayed because of it then there house would burn to the ground and the fireman cant help them and they might die from burning to death or smelling to much smoke.....
[deleted]
hahaha
You must be fun at parties!
He's the guy sitting in the corner having a cranberry juice.
Buster?!
Troll account, just like the one below.
Buzz Killington?
I'm a fully grown man and I'm proud to admit that I went and saw Despicable Me 2, in theaters, on release day, by myself. Those movies are fucking awesome. 
I'm surprised they let you in without a child.
Just because you look like a rapist pedophile doesn't mean that the rest of us do. We're even allowed in public pools.
I've never been even remotely interested in them, and to see adults lose their shit over minions is just weird to me..Sell me on it, I am curious.
This isn't Lego Land.
Do they not let people without kids into legoland? But I like legos.
Or the Titanic's lifeboats...
No they don't. That is what my comment was referencing.
I didn't like it that much but Monsters University was funniest stuff.
I haven't seen Monsters University yet but I absolutely loved Despicable Me 2.
Saw both and found Despicable Me 2 the funnier movie.
No worries. I left work early to see it on opening day. Darned if I wasn't the only adult there without any kids seeing the movie. There were actually quite a few. 
I'm planning a similar outing myself.  
"Four for Despicable Me at 8:30, please"."Sure, how many children under 11?"."....none.".I AIN'T EVEN CARE.
No fucks given at this time.
TOO SOON MAN.
15/4/1912 REMEMBER THE DAY
19120415 is the proper way to write out a date. 
Filthy yyyy/mm/dd peasant class.
Me too, I walked by the cinema and saw that there were two seats left, booked both of them and called my friend who got there in 5 minutes. I don't think you really outgrow those kinda movies, they're so damn funny!

Inb4 downvotes
Do not view that image. .no one is perfect and yes there will be idiots who cheat the system, but all in all they do their best job..without a PD, FD or NSA there would be no government, therefor anarchy and chaos.
Wait, you have to book seats at your theatre?
In the states that's how indoor theaters work. They can only sell a number of tickets equal or below the legal capacity of the theater for safety reasons. Plus they literally only have a specific number of seats (assuming this is a standard indoor sit down theater and not an outdoor/drive in style type.) so overselling seats would just result in angry customers demanding refunds..Point being there's only so much room that they can use physically and legally. 
All Empire Theatres in Canada have gone to reserved seating only, it's to keep groups together I guess, and cut down on unused seats. 
Fireman 
Close enough
I believe that's Carl. :D
BEE DOH BEE DOH BEE DOH
he is 
my desk minions. 
this joke is old and tired and was NEVER funny.  not even when diet coke came out 30 yrs ago..file this one with "id tell ya, but id have to kill ya" for originality..ugh.
You see pizzas as big as tabletops all the time?
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
I kept eating the same and switched from regular to diet anf lost like 20 pounds at one time.  Drinking calories really gets you.  
I'm 20 years old. I have run half-marathons and Spartan races and sparred professional martial artists. I swim at least a mile everyday year round. I'm really active. I eat a fucking huge amount of food..I'm also a type 1 diabetic. Regular soda causes insane blood sugar spikes. I hate the idiots who give me looks when i sit down to eat a 1500 calorie meal with a diet coke..Also even a person with a functioning pancreas will have some level of blood sugar spike from soda and its unhealthy. Glycemic index is important when looking at the health of foods and soda has one of the highest of anything people eat. Soda is in some ways much worse than a huge pizza.
I'm diabetic...so yeah diet coke for me.
I order a diet because I can't drink regular because diabetes
I used to drink only non-diet soda and would get cavities often, despite brushing twice daily. Ever since switching to diet, this hasn't been an issue. I still eat whatever the hell I want though. Is just the sugar I'm concerned about.
The worse scenario I think is someone ordering a healthy salad or grilled chicken with a side of vegetables and drinking four Pepsi's..Personally Diet coke/Pepsi tastes better than regular.
I don't get the big deal over fat people ordering a fat meal and then getting diet soda. If you expect them to get a regular soda with their shitty choice in food, you're reinforcing the idea that fat people should just give up and get even fatter. I'm assuming you pay taxes, since the OP says you have a job. These fat people getting fatter will just turn into larger (no pun intended) burdens on society than they already are -- likely unable to do as much physical work as a healthy person, likely unable to work as many years as a healthy person, more likely to use some sort of government aid (disability?), more doctor visits for related conditions, etc. .tl;dr version -
Stop being condescending to fat people who either 
"Diet coke and a pizza please.  .Diet coke, I'm on my knees, screamin'..Big girls you are beautiful!".-Mika
Hey there, regular guy who regularly orders burgers/fries/pizza/whatever with a diet coke.  I do it because I don't want sugar calories.  I'm fine with carbs, fat, and protein- but I don't want corn syrup or cane sugar if I can avoid it.
Gotta say at this point I honestly do just prefer the taste of Diet Coke.  Growing up my Dad only ever drank Pepsi or Diet Coke, and I don't like Pepsi so that left me with one option available in the house.  Then Chipotle came along, and I found that Diet Coke mixed with lemonade does wonders to take away the burning due to how much Tobasco I put on burritos.  Now I just prefer Diet Coke to basically anything when it comes to soda, besides Mountain Dew.
Imagine if those people enjoyed the taste of diet over regular Coke? Couldn't be, could it?
I like the taste of diet, regular soda's are way too sugary, I feel like I'm drinking thick syrup.
Anyone who upvoted this thread doesn't have any understanding of what a calorie is. How sad
She's drinking water, shithead.    .this is from Big Lou's in San ANtonio Texas, btw.  
Diet just tastes better. I was raised on diet sodas, now the regulars are just too sweet.
Maybe I just like diet coke. I just ordered 15 dollars worth of food at McDonalds, you REALLY think I'm that concerned about calories? I just really like diet coke. 
I would love that big ass pizza deliver to my door.
I just like the taste of diet coke...
Is it so hard to know that we drink diet coke or diet whatever,simply because non-diet is really bad for your teeths?
To be fair to people who order that, i pre-fair the taste of Diet Coke to regular Coke so i know where they are coming from.
Just a comment on this... regular coke is too damn sugary. I taste like you're drinking syrup.  So the diet coke is preferable, even when chowing an entire huge pizza.
ITT: YOU TICKED OFF EVERYONE HERE, BECAUSE AS IT HAPPENS, WE LOVE DIET COKE
Hey buddy! I do keto so I can eat a crapton of meat and cheese AND a diet coke, all for around 6 carbs. (I know this isn't what you meant but it's still the case for me)
I typically drink diet sodas when I drink sodas because I've gotten used to it and it can't be worse.  I switched for the sake of my teeth, not my waistline (I am fat, by the way; just that I'd given up on being skinny long before I started getting cavities at the age of 24).
I like the taste of Diet cola over regular.  Sugared beverages have an overly bright, almost metallic taste to them.
Maybe I want to eat a shit load, but don't see the point in needless calories from regular Coke. I like mah Taco Bell.
I have no illusions about diet coke helping me lose weight, but regular coke is too damn sweet.
Some people prefer the taste of diet soda.
This is only funny to people who don't realize just how many calories are in a large regular soda, and what those calories would translate into in terms of real food.
What?  .I don't understand. Because someone orders a 700-calorie meal, it's stupid not to top it up to 1000 with a big coke? What if they only want the 700 calories in the food, and want a cold caffeinated drink on top but don't want 300 more calories? How is 300 . calories better? What makes you assume they're telling themselves the meal is "healthy" just because they're getting a diet soda? Not many people order a giant pizza or burgers at McDonald's because they've convinced themselves it's diet food. Everyone knows it's junk. Maybe they just want a diet soda.
Oh man, I'm sure glad all those other hateful subs were removed from the default...  .DAE hate fat people!!!!! LOLOLOLOL!!!!
She's at a table with multiple glasses of water, therefore she's sharing that pizza with several other people, unless she plans on going round the table drinking each glass as she scarfs down the crusts.  Also: No Diet Coke in sight..If you're going to shame someone for making the  mistake of being fat in a picture, at least get some of it right.
Regular Coke hurts my teeth sometimes. So I'll order a diet. 
Sugarfree drinks should lose the "Diet" name. Some of us just hate heavily sugared drinks. It has nothing to do with diet.
Don't drink your calories
Large Diet Coke*
I like Coke for the caffeine, but the sugar is just too much, hence diet, regardless of what I'm eating with it.
And the point is...?
What is the mystery? Diet coke (or even better, coke zero) tastes a lot better than regular coke.
I come from a bigger family and diet coke did have that false sense of security that "it's better for you" at one point, so now I've just become so used to it that any non-diet cola just tastes too sugary (not sure if right way to describe it) to me.
I prefer the taste of Diet Coke to regular Coke. 
From another perspective: What you don't know is that she's on a ketogenic diet and only plans on eating the toppings because the carb count of the toppings is really low and within her daily carb restriction. She ordered a diet coke along with the pizza because she only drinks water at home and deserves to treat herself with a sweet tasting low carb (0g carbs) drink once in awhile.
I like the taste of Diet Coke better. I only drink diet pop when it's Diet Coke. 
Diabetics can't drink regular coke.  So they have to order diet coke. 
Boobs on the pizza.......
 :/
If anyone is wondering where one can order a pizza this large. .
San Antonio, TX
Looks like Benny's to me. How many other places have 2 foot pizzas?
Diabetic here to weigh in on this issue.  I have to limit the amount if carbohydrates I take in.  This means I have to make choices about where those carbs are coming from, especially when dining out.  I will personally opt for eating fries or an extra slice of pizza over the amazing amount of carbohydrates that are in your average non-diet soda.  So, this is why you'll see me get my combo meal with a diet soda.  Don't judge.
I'm a type 1 diabetic,  I'm small framed, about 5'6" , 150lbs, male, and have an appetite of 5 people.  However, regular pop is a no no.  Regular soda is like 1/6th-1/8th sugar,  that's a lot.   I'd much rather eat 3000 caloric meal consisting of actual food rather than the shit in colas.  Plus I also prefer the flavor of diet over regular/zero-splenda sodas (which taste somewhat the same).   Eating a pizza that large, albeit has a lot of carbs,  but it would still be much different from consuming one or two glasses of sugary soda, in terms of how it'd effect my blood sugar, even with equal amounts of carbs..So seriously, before you give shit to people who do that, consider perhaps that not everyone is a fat fuck who gains 3 pounds for every ounce of food they eat and mock folks for drinking diet cola, simply because you're too narrow to see outside the simplest of conclusions. 
This is not a pizza. It's clearly a sleeping bag.
is this BIG LOU'S?
Where do you get a pizza like this
Big Lou's?
reminds me of lazy moon pizza in orlando
Can I get that for delivery.
I actually prefer some soda's diet version, such as Orange Crush, Pepsi (the max version), and Barg's 
it tastes better
People like the taste of diet coke, that is amazing. What's worse is that restaurants charge $2-3 for sodas and it's still unhealthy. 
I doubt they're ordering diet coke for the "health" value (which it doesn't have anyway, it's actually worse) but rather for the taste...
The sweetener used for diet sodas is addictive.
Exactly. I don't get why people care if someone drinks a diet soda, even with a fattening meal. You're still consuming . calories & sugar. What about people who act all self-righteous by ordering a ''salad with dressing on the side'', then smother it in croutons, cheese & bacon bits, all washed down with a 60 oz. bucket of non-diet soda?
Sheet pizza people, look it up.
My personal favorite, I would like a buffalo salad, with three light ranches............

Just remember that some people (like me) can't drink regular sugary drinks because of blood sugar issues. 
LOL, she's got lemon water, even funnier.
I'm a fat person, I order large quantities of food and diet soda. I just prefer the taste of diet soda, it has nothing to do with actually being on a diet.
Oh my god!  I'd hit that so hard!  The pizza looks pretty good too.

There are many, many people out there who think drinking diet coke means you're on a diet. They can't comprehend that people would drink diet coke or water for other reasons.
This is usually followed by "why can't I lose weight?"
It must be some prescription she's on.
"Diet coke and a pizza please".Diet coke and I'm on my knees singing: "Big girl, you are beautiful"

Basically people disagree with your logic that its always the same situation, and that even in the situration it makes sense. Enjoy your karma regardless.
WTF!? Only one? Did they forget they're in 'Murica?
Well for karma farming, they're doing a pretty good job.
Honestly when I worked fast food I used to make fun of people like this however despite what you decide eat, no matter how greasy and fatty, adding like 70g of sugar on top of that from something that will not make you feel any more full at all is so much worse.
This would go great in . 
she's drinking water.
I work in food service..Every. single. day. :  Can I get a large funnel cake with extra powder sugar, hot fudge and strawberries, whipped cream, and vanilla icecream... oh and a large DIET coke..What is the point after that diabeetus funnel cake?
See, that I don't understand, because the reason I get Diet Coke is because I can't stand overly sweet tasting things, but I love me some overdose of salt, fat and grease. For someone to get all that sugary shit and then a diet soda? Makes no sense.
It would be like ordering only one doughnut. If you're going to eat a ton of sugar and carbs, you might as well eat a whole dozen of them. Makes no sense why anyone would eat just one.
I don't understand it, Diet Coke tastes so sweet and has that sickly sweet aftertaste it's nasty. I stick to normal Coke because it doesn't taste like I'm drinking pure artificial sweetener. 
Who says that everything you do has to be healthy, just because you made one healthy decision? You can't just change certain aspects of your life? It wouldn't help as much, but it'll help more than a non-diet soda.
If I had to guess, I'd say that is from a .. 
Because soda makes you fat, everyone knows that.
If I drank the amount of regular coke that I drink in diet coke/coke zero, it would double the calorie count of nearly every meal I eat.
Big Lou's?
People prefer the taste over the original. My ex's parents drink that shit like its water.
I'd rather have a Diet Coke most of the time because having a regular Coke is what, like 200 calories at a regular restaurant?  So, for that, I could eat another slice of a small pizza.  I'd rather have the pizza than drink my calories..But, I usually get beer with pizza anyways.
Hold up. So what. I don't like the taste of regular Coke and so you think that just because I order something ridiculous and then order a diet its a poor decision? Hmmm?
Is that the place near Seaside, NJ that has the monstrous pizza?
that's what I came here to ask! It looks like the sawmill in seaside. Awesome pizza and its HUGE.
I would have guessed Big Lou's in San Antonio.
Yeah, sawmills the name I was thinking.
You call this an extra large?
some people like my self prefer the taste of diet coke more than regular...
I just prefer the taste... .I have no problem ordering a calorie-heavy meal and a Diet Coke. It's not that I think the Diet Coke will offset the fact that I'm eating shitty fast food, I honestly just prefer the taste. .But I'm not fat... I suppose it could be funny when a fat person does the same, because it shows they might not have a good grasp on their caloric intake to begin with.
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
 is my feeling on this subject.

Lies!  That looks like a water!
I prefer to avoid drinking liquid sugar if at all possible. I'm not under the impression that a diet coke = dieting, but hey it's a few less calories overall. 

This. I'd rather spend my daily calorie allowance eating delicious foods, not drinking pop loaded with simple sugars.
I drink tons of coke-zero, and blue Monster energy (I really wish I could find a drink that tastes like blue Monsters, but cheaper . . . I buy flats of 30 at costco lol)
Drink Tab. :)
I loved Tab. I've been drinking sugar free since the early 70's and I miss the old saccharine drinks. At this point a can of regular soda puts me in a sugar coma.
Diet Coke IS better for you than regular Coke.
But but this unsupported article I read once says it breaks down your brain like taking ecstasy!!!!
It's a key marketing term. Isn't Diet Coke called Coke Light outside North America?
I have tried in vain to explain this to my mother. She most definitely has an addiction to Diet Coke...ew
I see water..not diet coke..
Some people actually like the taste of Diet Coke better.
I used to work at Tim Hortons and a woman came in to ask if we could reduce the calories in an ice capp. I told her there really wasn't anything we could do, and she still kept asking for 5 minutes. I'm convinced she thought we had a secret negative calorie potion that she thought we were keeping from her. (We don't, the potion just reduces calories to 0.) Then, after all that, she ordered a large.
Just like when people order a fucking salad and then get like 3 refills on their pepsi... so fucking dumb, amiright, god I wish people would just eat stuff that I can't criticize them for.
As a diabetic, this really pisses me off. You don't know what kind of health disorders they have. Diet drinks are always 0 carbs and low in calories. Diabetics can only have a limited amount of carbs and soft drinks are really sugary therefore more carbs. One bottle of regular Pepsi has about the same amount of carbs as 4 small scoops of potatoes which is about 2 large ones. I normally have 3 large ones if I'm eating potatoes. So one bottle of Pepsi has enough carbs for 2 thirds of my meal I myself am a big eater so I'm that person. All I'm doing is making sure I live to at least 60 and don't get ketones. Also this is just the oldest fucking joke ever and I don't get why people still find it funny.
Unsweet tea is even better. 
I prefer the taste of diet over regular. 
I was thinking about it one day, and actually having the diet coke when you're having a and already high-calorie meal makes sense. Pop is just empty calories, so why add the extra amount when your meal already has all the calories?.I doubt people are thinking about this when they order the diet pop though...
Sometimes, 1,200 calories is better for you than 1,450.
Would it be better if they asked for a normal coke..?
If you like making up stories about fat people, then you'll love r/fatpeoplestories
To be fair, I often buy Diet Coke because I think it actually quenches my thirst better. Coca Cola makes me thirstier.
I've never understood why people have a problem with this concept. It's really simple:
I don't understand this hangup you fuckin' thinnies have.  If you hate fat people so much, isn't their request for diet coke a good thing?.I used to drink a lot of regular Coke when I was a teen-ager.  As an adult I drink dark pops as my version of the coffee everyone else is drinking to make it through their shitty 9-5.  I hate coffee, can't stand it.  So I drink pop.  Now, if I were to be drinking regular pop all day like everyone else chugs coffee I would be even more massive than I already am.  So, I switched to drinking diet Pepsi.  After years of this I've developed a weird aversion to sugary pop; if I were to drink a regular Pepsi or Coke I can feel the sugar on my teeth and it bothers me a lot.  Not to mention it just plain doesn't taste as good as the diet version of the pop to me.  I'm sure that sounds stupid to you but that's the way it is.  So, when I go to a pizza place or a McDonald's I order diet pop to wash my fat down.  I don't give a fuck how much it pisses you thinnies off.
Your problem is thinking that diet coke and coke are the same thing with sweetener substituted for sugar. In actuality, Coke Zero is regular coke with sweetener, and diet coke is it's own distinct formula.
This is one of my pet peeves. Not people ordering junk food with a diet soda--people . people who order junk food with a diet soda. Because it makes no fucking sense--the argument seems to be you have to eat 100% healthy/low calorie or 100% junk food? No! Nobody wants to eat healthy shit 24/7. You'd go nuts. You get that diet soda to save 200 calories so that you can have the burger or the slice of pizza in the first place. 
I believe that's big lou's in San Antonio.  .EDIT: Here's me there a couple of years ago. 
What if I told you some people prefer Diet Coke?
Never drink your calories!!!
Don't tell me what to do!!!  I drink calories in my beer and fucking love it. 
I like the way Diet soda tastes, and regular soda makes me feel sick to my stomach, so... 
Everyone says diet soda causes cancer and always warns me about it. I just sit back and laugh as they drink their corn syrup.
Well, if a person was making the mistake of ordering more food than they should really eat, it certainly wouldn't help matters to add 500-1000 calories of pure sugar on top of it.

Why is this not the top comment? This is the first thing that came to mind..
For a second i thought i was in 
This post is dumb as fuck and not even remotely funny. 
When I'm eating a pizza or burger for a cheat meal, I always order a diet coke.  It's just a way of limiting the amount of calories I'm eating because I realize how unhealthy I'm being.
This is the stupidest fucking 80's joke.  If I want to eat like shit, that does not mean I still want to drink regular coke.  I think regular tastes like shit.  I do not think that drinking diet negates a 6000 calorie "meal." And no one else does either.  
You realize there is about a 300+- calorie difference between a 20oz glass of coke and a 20oz class of diet coke. That's like two-three more slices of pizza..Critical thinking like that makes it easy to believe you work in the food service industry though.
This is a repost from like 3 weeks ago, c'mon now..Also regular coke is like drinking pure syrup and is gross.  Diet coke is fucking delicious.
I actually like the taste of diet coke... 
Seriously now, some people can actually eat that alone?
All 3 of the drinks on the table are hers, too. What a fatass.
Fuck counting calories. Seriously.
It works.  I lost forty pounds.  Not saying it's the best way to go, but...results.
Ah Big Lou's...
I drink Diet Coke cause I'm Diabetic.
Fancy, I'm American.
North or South?

Best America.
Yeah? And? Some people want to cut out another 300 calories and still eat what they want. Plus not all of us enjoy the syrupy goodness that is HFCS.
Aspartame (an ingredient in many diet soda products) will cause more problems for you than HFCS. 

I prefer Coke over Diet Coke and Diet Pepsi over Pepsi.
I'm slightly overweight and you work at a pizza place so fuck off. 
take some clenbuterol if you wanna lose some fat
Is the joke here that she's going to eat that whole thing by herself with a diet coke? Cuz no she isn't. Or is the joke here that she's fat. Cuz then haha fat people I guess. Or is the joke that you work at a place that serves giant pizzas to fat people? Or is the joke here that... Oh fuck it this isn't funny  
When I was heavy and did this I got a lot of shit from friends, though I get water because I can't stand sodas, even diet.  However now that I'm lean I can go out for my splurge meal, load but and still only have water and not hear a word.  .When it comes to weight loss some people have to start with tiny steps, and that first tiny step is to get a diet soda instead of regular.  Of course you still get those people who order a whole pizza for themselves and claim they are on a diet when they order a diet soda, but who cares.
The "joke" is predicated on a poor conceptual model of how food works, in which a) healthiness perfectly correlated to weight gain or loss, and b) both are mostly intrinsic properties of a meal. They engage in a feeling of condescension by pointing out that the diet soda (it has diet in it, therefore is intrinsically healthy/non-weight-inducing) won't change the intrinsic unhealthiness of a large fast food meal.
Yeah so it's just a cheap shot at a some girl that OP thinks is funny looking. 
The joke is that many people will order a ridiculously large meal some places and then get a diet soda to go with it. I don't think it has anything to do with that particular person or even that pizza. Not really funny but this is . so I wasn't expecting it to be.
Im a diabetic, i order diet cokes with my pizza :(
 I will eat like a maniac when I have the chance, but 12oz of liquid that has as much simple sugar as my food has complex carbs, I'll pass
Diet comes are bad...
Me too! 

I"m not diabetic, but I get diet soft drinks because the sugar/acid combination is terrible for your teeth.
Diet drinks are even worse for your teeth
Diet sodas are also super acidic.
Well, the way it was explained to me by my dentist is you can have sugar, or acid. The problem is when you have both. For example, Coffee with sugar is probably the worse thing you can drink, at least considering your teeth.
Solution: Use splenda or sweet n' low for your coffee!
But.... CANCERRRRRRRRRRRRR
Well that's news to me, thanks. I'll just start doing meth now ;-).To be fair the study that said it was pretty much swept the fact that the woman referenced did not receive dental health services for more than 20 years..  drank a 2 liter of it a day, and probably didn't have great oral hygiene either.
Yep. But people will believe any outrageous claim they read :)
Same. Type 1. .I'll order a lot of food when I go out because I like to eat. But I order a Diet Coke and they look at me funny. Listen I can use 6 units of insulin for this steak dinner with my Diet Coke OR I could get a Coke and have to use double that (maybe triple depending on how thirsty I get).Besides all that I just fucking love Diet Coke. 
My friend has to do this too. He can eat just about whatever he wants, but I guess the sugar in regular soda is too much. Sometimes there are legit reasons for ordering diet.
I'm diabetic too. I think it's just such a waste of insulin. I don't want to spend my carbs on liquids when I really like coke zero anyway. I'd rather use up my insulin and carbs on delicious food.
Looks like it . (but there's so much that MIGHT cause stuff now) be possible that both artificially sweetened stuff and sugar-sweetened might contribute to diabetes.
 this is my life to a T.....1 that is. aHA.seriously finding coke zero changed the game for me, not a huge diet coke fan..
I order diet coke because it tastes better, regular coke has so much sugar it makes my teeth feel disgusting.
If it's from a can or bottle I'll go with regular, but the fountain Coke Zero is definitely the best.

This is the exact reason I switched. I actually prefer the taste of regular soda, but the sugar in it makes my teeth feel gritty and nasty. 
After I switched to diet, I can't drink any regular soda anymore. It feels way too thick in my mouth and isn't refreshing at all.
Really? I drank diet soda for two years while dieting and when I finally tried a regular one it was like a mouth-gasm. It really tastes a lot better. But I'm still sticking with the diet ones even though they'll probably give me cancer instead of making me overweight..(And before some smartass tries to correct me: Yes I know all heal risk studies have been examined and dismissed.)
for me i lose more weight on normal soda, something about 0 cal sweeteners make me retain weight for some reason. 
I order food (sometimes calorific food) with diet coke because:.1) I prefer the taste.2) if they made diet pizza I'd get that too, but they don't. Fewer calories is fewer calories.
And that's the trick, right there. You can bargain and wheedle and eat "healthy* foods by the bucketload, but if you haven't cut your calories then you aren't going to get anywhere. 
I recently had this completely ridiculous and absurdly long argument with this guy who INSISTED that Dunkin Donuts' donut breakfast sandwich could NOT be diet friendly because it is "bad for you" or "not nutritious". It's only 360 calories. I was arguing that a 360 calorie breakfast is pretty damn good and 100% diet friendly. It was like beating my head against a brick wall. I felt like I was going insane trying to get through to them.
Try a whole grain pizza dough! It's really good, one of the few whole grain alternatives I really like.
Whole grain is such a marginal improvement that it really doesn't make it healthy.
I was just being nice. There's other things you can do also to make the pizza more healthy I suppose... Less cheese, more veggie based toppings.
I make pizza a lot and always pat as much grease off the pepperoni before putting it on the pizza and degrease again once it's cooked. On any given 16-18" pizza, I'll usually turn 3-5 paper towels clear.
Dude, if you're looking after your health you shouldn't be eating fuckin' pizza in the first place. 
Incorrect. You can still eat pizza and be healthy - just not all pizza all the time.
Why not? Its a vegetable.
*fewer *fewer
Ah yes, you are right, I didn't know about "count nouns" vs "mass nouns": 
The upside is that now you get to feel superior everytime you go into a grocery store that still has 'Ten Items or Less' signs. 
How did he spell it before? Fuhrer? 
"Less"
Two slices of pizza with toppings (anything with meat and vegetables(or fruit)) is a <500 calories (assuming these aren't ridiculously large slices), very filling, nutritious, well-rounded meal. You get grains (especially good if you go whole-grain crust), dairy, meat, and vegetables. Add a salad, and you have a really good meal for you, providing many of the nutrients and calories you need for the day, with a satisfying taste and a full belly. .I couldn't disagree with you more. 
What kind of person only eats two slices of pizza?
People with self-control that are conscious of their food intake? 

The carbonation and the sugar in full-fat coke (or any other sugary fizzy drink) make my teeth feel really sensitive. It doesn't happen with the sugar-free versions so I always go for them.
Coke has fat? 
Drip bacon grease into your coke..Warning: May taste terrible.

It's coke made with fatty water

It makes me feel like there's a film over my entire mouth.
No reason to add empty liquid calories, fuck your high horse.
Not only that, but some people actually prefer diet soda.
yea i mean for fuck sakes, some people hate having sugar water poor all over their teeth. 

Exactly. Post-workout I do this kinda shit all the time.

HOW can you have a giant pizza like that and still manage to look so pissed off?
My thoughts exactly.
Because she's fat and knows that she'll end up fatter after this fuck-ton pizza
Bitchy resting face
"No, no, I guess this is pretty big...  I don't know what I expected.  More I guess.  But this is good."
Wouldn't you be depressed if you order a 35 inch pizza alone?
No pepper flakes? Take it back.

She is pissed because her husband ordered the store special.  If two of them can finish the pizza they get it for free.  If they can't finish it in 1 hour, they have to pay $300 for it.
There's a slice missing
That's just a menu in front of the pizza actually.
Ah, so it is! My mistake
Well, for one thing there's no bacon on it.
I don't know, . lovely ladies seem pretty happy with their giant pizza.
thats a very sad picture
She just . to add ranch to her pizza, doesn't she?
It saddens me that she is looking excited about eating it too. .Were you ever a little kid who had a Christmas where you got like the best present ever? This is how I am interpreting her anticipation opening that ranch bottle.
That's actually what she's drinking with her pizza.
Dude, have you . ranch? I swear that stuff is Zeus's jizz. It's wonderful.
Thats not even the type of ranch that goes good with pizza.
Because "is pepsi ok?" 
"Is Monopoly money ok?"
Only in Canada.
She eats because she's unhappy, and she's unhappy because she eats.
It's a vicious cycle. 
She should eat it too
I don't see a pissed off woman who ordered a giant pizza, I see a pissed off wife who's husband ordered a giant pizza and was so excited about it he needed to take a picture of it. ."Honey! Honey! Over here! Honey! Say cheese! * snicker * Get it honey?! Cheese!?" Then that picture.
watch it 
He starts slow but builds up to a decent pay off
Somebody's been chatting with my lovers ;-)
I snickered myself just before getting to the "* snicker *" part. I think that husband and I should become friends.
Not going anywhere for a while?
why, wanna become friends?
So hypothetically let's say I'm trying to lose weight. Trying to make some better choices. I go to McDonald's and order a Big Mac, because man I'm lovin' it. 550 calories down, I got 2000 I eat total daily. I like soda too and I want a treat, but because I'm conscious of my weight, and I know that a medium regular coke from McDonald's is 291 calories, so I order a 0 calorie diet and get out of there for 550 calories instead of 841. Then the kid behind the counter is all "dur hur hur, big mac and a diet soda, dur hur hur."
Once again, I call upon the wisdom of .:
I do not understand this. If you're trying to lose weight, STOP EATING SHIT FOOD. Buy some fucking veggies n' fruit n' shit, man. Maybe some lean meats here and there. Don't go to fucking McDonalds in the first place.
A calorie is a calorie man, it doesn't matter if its 600 calories of McDonalds or 600 calories of Steak.
Well, it does. McDonalds has a shit ton of sugar in addition to super high caloric content. I'm a pretty big dude with a big appetite, so when I diet I eat vegetables for the caloric density. I can fill my belly with veggies and get the same calories as a tantalizingly small "Big" Mac.
I think your confusing carbs with sugar. Yes, McDonalds is very carb heavy, well, the buns and fries, but honestly, a medium coke has more carbs and sugar than a big mac..I was comparing items of same caloric value, so when you say 'high caloric content' it doesn't make sense..I as well am a big dude, 6' and 185 lbs, and I definitely agree with you in saying that filling yourself with X amount of veggies and meat is better then filling up with X amount of McDonalds, I'm just saying that in the end, as in, when your body uses up the energy from the food you just ate and you shit out everything else, a calorie is a calorie.
This is just an argument of dueling hypotheticals. .Forget the food. Instead, imagine people drinking out of bags of gelatin. .One gelatin is a standard 600 calorie dose. .Another person prefers a different gelatin which has 1200 calories (easily obtainable in one meal depending in where you eat)..The person guzzling the 600 calorie bag would raise his calorie count to 850-900 by drinking a coke. That person saves a lot by switching to diet. .The person guzzling the 1200 calorie bag is taking in too many calories, regardless if they drink a diet coke. Maybe they like the taste better. Maybe they aren't trying to be healthy. The image though is created that a person decides to cut out some calories while over indulging in others. .I understand the second person might not be trying to lose weight by drinking diet coke. I'm just saying I understand the appearance of doing something "diet" while overrating in other areas. .I get the joke, but it never comes out the way it's expressed. 
It's not so much what you eat, but what you . you're eating. Many people know what you have to do to lose weight. You have to eat less than your daily expenditure..What people don't know is what works for them, and that takes some experimenting. Personally, I need some shitty foods every once and a while. If you're able to diet by just eating veggies and lean meats then thats good too. My point is, don't be so damn black and white. There are no definite answers, and everyone will sustain different diets differently..Eating McDonalds once a week can be healthy..As a side note, if you're eating nothing but veggies, fruits, and lean meats, I would keep track of fats. Not getting enough fat is detrimental too.

Who knows, it may be their one guilty splurge the whole week..
When I was trying to do a good healthy diet I would have them days, you have done good the whole week and you want one naughty thing. You just keep your basic things in check like calories, sugar and fats and just work them into your day. The rest of you day may be boring shit like rice cakes and steamed broccoli but it helps keep your sanity that can still eat those things you liked but in moderation..
I just feel like we might not be getting the full story here.
Ok, but here's a question. Why?
Because McDonalds has super high sugar content and caloric density. If you buy veggies you can get the same calories in bigger, more filling meals. I don't know about you, I'm a big dude and eat big meals. Getting a McMeal is like eating a kumquat for lunch..The sugar content of McDonalds food is atrocious. With recent links between Alzheimer's and sugar consumption, I like to stay away from it. Also fucking diabetes man.
Right but your body doesn't react to foods individually but as an aggregate. So if I have a healthy breakfast, a healthy lunch, a healthy dinner, a big mac, and don't exceed my calories for the day or miss my macros then it won't have any of the effects you're describing right? Or are you saying the sugar from McDonald's is somehow worse than from other sources? . btw, 
I'm not advocating regular coke, twat. What I'm advocating is healthy eating habits. I'm saying, don't try to fit shit food into a healthy diet because it fits the numbers. You could replace that food with better food. .I'm saying, if you're eating a Big Mac on your diet at all, you could be doing better..The reason . would never eat a Big Mac on a diet is because of discomfort. I eat big meals, Big Macs are tiny. So if I can eat a whopping plate of salad and a grapefruit and get the same calories as if I were to eat a Big Mac, I'm going to eat the giant salad. Because salad is delicious and voluminous.
 I'm not saying you were advocating coke, I was just referring again to my original statement that diet coke isn't stupid even if you are eating an unhealthy meal. I see your point and I agree, if you're eating a big mac you could eat something healthier for the same calories. Also, if you personally would eat a big mac and what with your enormous girth feel as though you had barely eaten, then so be it. Don't eat a big mac. But let's say I'm full after a big mac. I eat 2000 calories which are to include 200g protein, 200g carbs, 100g fat per day. Let's say those are my macros. I eat a big mac. Not every day, but one day I eat one, and at the end of that day I have consumed no more than 2000 calories and have hit all of those macros. Then it's not going to have a negative effect on my body. And then I don't sit there wishing I could have a big mac next time my friend the hamburglar is eating one in front of me and I have a tupperwear of chicken and brocolli..The reason you can't win this argument, is because I'm right. You can totally have occasional, small portions of bad foods without a negative effect on your body long term.
Call me lacking of a progressive attitude towards dieting, but I will stubbornly stand by my taboos regarding eating a Big Mac, the epitome of unhealthy foods, in the midst of a healthy diet. I'm personally of the conviction that a diet is also a feat of mental dominance. After a couple weeks of dieting I've trained myself to not be bothered by friends eating a big mac around me. It feels good to have that level of control over yourself, which is a big part of why I diet.
I'm not saying people . be eating shitty foods. I'm just arguing that you don't have to be as strict as what you describe to be successful in losing weight. More diets would succeed if less people thought like you.
More diets would succeed if less people thought it wasn't ok for them to eat fast food while they were on their diets? I'm not really following you on that one.

You lost me after 'I'm trying to lose weight so I go to McDonald's and order a Big Mac'
You need to continue to read to the part where he's lovin' it.
On run days when I was dieting, I could have McDonald's and stay within my calorie goals just fine. It's not a sign that you've lost self control, and it's a decent incentive to go for a run.
You and a lot of other people it seems.
Don't get me wrong, I think it's a good thing to skip the sugary drinks and all that..It's just that your comment reminded me off this skit
It's kinda both. Macronutrient intake matters but you won't hurt yourself by getting some of those macro from McDonald's occasionally.
That's not what he said, and it is an important distinction. Two separate events. Trying to lose weight. Going to McDonalds. Anyone who has successfully lost and kept off weight will tell you, you have to set realistic, sustainable goals for yourself. Cutting out all unhealthy food is not sustainable.  
I agree with you, it would be hard to stop eating any unhealthy food. But not buying junk food is easy as hell. Not going to Mc Donalds or Burger king or whatever requires very little effort
Actually, swapping out calories from beverages for calories from solid foods would probably result in a person reducing their overall calorie intake because solid foods cause much more satiety than beverages.
You can eat it on occasion. If you are eating it once a week or more, that is probably a problem.
You can lose weight eating only candy, there have been multiple studies done on it.  The main thing you need to watch out for is your calories (and of course vitamins).  If my buddy Wolfman wants to blow 1/4 of his daily calories on a big mac then let him.  You can go eat your pussy ass broccoli, let him be a man.
I'll rephrase myself..If you want to .I've read about a professor going on a twinkie diet to prove that you can lose weight eating junk food. He also made is explicitly clear that it is still not healthy because you lack vital minerals and vitamins and take in way more than a healthy amount of sugar. It's still not good for you.
Have fun with that cardiac arrest of yours in a few years.  Should be enjoyable.
My point was eating Mcdonalds once and awhile isn't bad for you -- you just need to compensate in other areas.  Having that Big Mac and large fries for dinner one night means no ice cream the next two.  You don't need to completely cut out fast food, or junk food, to be healthy; you just need to be smart about your overall nutrition.
It was a joke...  Have fun being socially awkward for the rest of your life.  Should be miserable!
It has been!
Thank you friend
But that's saying that once you eat more than you burn there's no difference. If you burn 2000 calories a day at perfect maintenance, and you eat 2200 calories per day, the effect on your body will be less drastic than if you eat 2500 calories per day. People aren't just drinking one coke a day either, there are people who sit there and guzzle cola as the day is long. Switching to diet is a small step, but a positive one.
That's actually not what I'm saying at all. People are just downvote happy when it comes to this topic. .Taking in fewer calories is always better than taking in more. 
Until you starve to death. (Joking of course I get your point)
pretty sure if you're trying to lose weight you shouldn't be eating at mcdonalds, or any fast food restaurant.. calories arent the only thing that matters. mcdonalds will kill you.edit: downvotes from the neckbeards in denial.. hahaha
If you don't give into your cravings after a couple weeks you'll go off your diet.
Everything in moderation. A single mcdonalds will not kill you.
probably not. but replacing that with regular meals isn't good at all. guilty pleasures, hey do what you want
 Sure he still ate vegetables, took a multivitamin, and drank a protein shake every day... but you could easily swap all that junk food with McDonald's and get the same result. Calories matter, a lot.
Even if you are trying to lose weight its pretty damn discouraging to eat absolutely nothing but pure healthy stuff. If you work your guilty pleasure into your intake for the day there is nothing wrong with that..
Anyway, after you have gotten to your target weight are you still going to  eat nothing but purely healthy things to maintain it? Its just no way to live..
Everything in moderation : )
I politely disagree... to an extent. About a year ago I decided that i would start buying foods that have no preservatives or HFCS or anything bad in them. ive found that the food i eat tastes better actually and doesnt make me feel sick afterwards. You just have to know what healthy foods to eat. Now, i do have my little guilty pleasures like ice cream soda every once in a while, so theres that.
I can agree on that, cutting out stuff like mcdonalds and other crap with preservatives and such is always a better option. I got some severe IBS and it has massively helped avoiding anything with a crap ton of chemicals, deep fried or an abundance of preservatives in it. I later learned to enjoy food for its simplicity and natural flavor like vegetables. Its to the point now where if I do try and eat somthing like that it makes me feel pretty sick for the next day, but I can see why someone on a diet would want to still eat their old favorites every now and then..
Only if all this healthy eating would do somthing for my waistline, hmmph.
Seriously. If you try and eat nothing but carrot sticks, you are going to fail. There's nothing wrong with enjoying a Big Mac every once in a while when dieting. 
theres more to healthy food than carrots. you dont have to eat just leafy green vegetables to be healthy. just cook your own food for the most part! theres so much crap in fast food and processed foods that shouldnt be there
No kidding, it was hyperbole. There is nothing wrong with having a Big Mac on occasion. For all you know, someone could be counting calories and have . so that they could enjoy one once in a while. 
If you can't find amazing "pure healthy stuff," you're doing it wrong..When I eat stuff that's bad for me, it's just because I'm being lazy. I hate grocery stores.
Eat not find,.
I find eating nothing but pure healthy crap to be quite dull. Nothing is wrong with a meal of a boneless skinless chicken breast, steamed unseasoned broccoli and a potato to be okay but I am not going to want to eat it every day..
Everything in moderation but every once in awhile there shouldn't be anything wrong with enjoying a soda, or a candy bar or a french fry. Just no one should be eating those on a daily basis either.
I don't entirely disagree, just that I can find healthy stuff to eat for the rest of eternity and never miss a candy bar..Imagine, for instance, you had Gordon Ramsey as your own personal chef, and his charge was to make sure you ate healthily. You think you'd ever be turning down his creation for a fucking milky way?.Hypothetical, just saying that good food doesn't have to be bland, boring, dull, etc.
If I eat a well balanced diet the only way ol' Ronald is going to kill me is violently.
eat a ton of carcinogens, preservatives, and artificial junk, but its okay because you had a salad - this is not what well-balanced means
Well.. you're missing the point. I'm talking about someone who eats healthy 90% of the time. That person can fill the remaining 10% of their diet with whatever they'd like and as long as they're maintaining their macronutrient levels and their calorie deficit, they will lose weight and stay healthy.
Better choices; you're doing it wrong.
Yes, because if you're going to commit to losing weight, do it 100% with no exceptions or just let yourself turn into Jabba the Hut. These are the only choices.
I lost 53 pounds in 5 months, and I had a fast food meal or ENTIRE large pizza every now and then. It's called "moderation", you half wit.
To be fair, drinking diet soda is just as bad for your body as regular soda. .Better to just stick with water if you want to lose weight..Edit: Wow, a lot of people here sure are in denial...
I'm actually going to read this when I get a minute (I'm "at work" right now). Thanks!
Wolfman is clearly counting calories, he's made a great decision by going with a diet soda instead of a regular soda. You just saved yourself 300 calories, man! Good job! (Hypothetically).Sheogorath, your source states that you are likely to eat more if you drink diet soda instead of soda, correct? I may be missing information, but I have yet to see this as detrimental to one's health. If one is counting his calories, the entire downside of artificial sweeteners is null, and he will have saved himself a large portion of calories every day. This way, you still enjoy something familiar to you. People like things that help them relax. .That being said, I would never argue that diet soda should be used as water or compared to water for health in any way. You need to stay hydrated via water for physical health. Supplement with treats for mental..TL;DR - Enjoy your diet soda and relax, kids.
The source you just used is a press release opinion piece (it even displays those words at the top of the first page) which sites only studies that were trying to support a view that artificial sweeteners are harmful.

Unless your not weak willed and actually track your calories and use diet coke as a substitute for high calorie drinks. Cut regular soda from your diet and your guaranteed to lose weight, not the same with diet coke, so I wouldn't say its "just as bad".
The negative health impacts, such as type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease, are still possible for someone who drinks diet soda.
Please show me studies of people developing type 2 diabetes from aspartame.


The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition published . that refutes your source with experimental data. A . does the same.
The study you cited only examines the weight loss factor and does not examine other potential health hazards such as type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
True. My goal was to refute the claim "drinking diet soda is just as bad for your body as regular soda." Whether diet soda contributes to type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease like regular soda or not, it isn't as bad since it doesn't directly cause weight gain.
You say this like it's something that's been proven and everyone agrees with. .There is an inherent problem when trying to show the diet soda -> weight gain relationship. [Generally] the people drinking diet soda are overweight or have some weight problem. This implies that they don't always make the correct choices when eating or drinking. The fact that people who struggle with weight show a weight gain can be attributed to many different things in their lives. The fact that they drink diet soda has never been proven to a be a DIRECT relationship to the weight gains. Studies attempting to directly link it to the weight gain have failed numerous times, or at least resulted in inconclusive data..If you're interested read this article on webMD. It talks about how all of the evidence comes from the same few studies, mostly performed on rats:

Why? Assuming one maintains a calorie deficit and hits one's macros, why can't someone lose weight and eat a big mac? Does the body magically go "oh shit, these calories are bad! Better turn them into fat." Now granted a big mac has 34g of fat and eating one every day would be a bad idea, but it's important not to completely eliminate foods you love while on a diet. Or it'll be too hard to maintain. A big mac a week, if you're eating healthy otherwise and getting proper nutrition will not make a difference.
I think he means to say there are healthier ways to consume 550 calories (fruits, grain, nuts and so on)..Also, a big mac is unlikely to make you feel "full" for a long period of time.
Ok, but if you still consume a caloric deficit, and your only goal is weight loss, so what?
Other than the soy meat and tomatos and lettuce...etc
Yeah, downvote me, very mature of you..If your only goal is weight loss, then there are indeed zero problems. 
I assure you I did not downvote you for disagreeing with me. But here, In the spirit of sportsmanship I'll even upvote you and bring you back up to one on the last comment and even give you an upvote on this one.

Dude, you can lose weight eating nothing but cheesecake. McDonalds, as well as diet soda, are just shitty things to put into your body. 
No, they really aren't. If a persons diet is balanced, they can be a perfectly acceptable part of it.

Exactly. Plus I also firmly believe that if you go from eating whatever you want to sticking to "clean foods" you're going to want to do cheat days, and binge on those cheat days. Even if you don't you're just waiting to reach a certain point and go back to eating those foods, which will lead to ruining your body again. Instead, just work smaller, less frequent amounts of those foods you love into your diet.
IFFYM (if it fits your macros). I feel ya man.


Well, as much as I think I see too much condescension from Redditors as it is, I feel like you have the right to sneer at him here. (Well, maybe it'd be healthier for your state of mind to accept that some people think silly things, their thinking that doesn't lessen you, and it's not really your job to fix everything.).Too many people, dieting or not, fall into the dieter's fallacy. They don't think logically, in terms of numbers, but see food in these sort of generified blobs of "good" and "bad". Maddeningly, . looking down on . because they think you're trying to transform your "bad" blob into a "good" one.
I gave up drinking calories a while ago.  If I'm gonna be treating myself to pizza or something you'd better believe I'm just drinking water or diet something with it.  It's not because I'm making the meal better (the meal is me just eating pizza cause dammit I want pizza), but because I just don't budge on drinks.
No. I'm looking down on you because if you're being conscious of your weight, you shouldn't be at fucking McDonald's. And if you are, you probably shouldn't be ordering a big mac and fries. 
If someone wants to lose weight, they need to consume calories at a lower rate than they expend them. If a person finds the best way to do this involves an occasional big mac with fries, so be it. I'm not in a position to judge how their satiety works.
Yup. I had to get over this to start to lose weight. You can eat a little bit of crap. It is better than not eating any crap and the gorging yourself on crap because you have no self control. Also, some "healthy" food, when not eaten in moderation is really not all that good for you either. It's all about the numbers. Drinking diet soda instead of regular has helped me lose almost 60lbs. I don't credit diet soda entirely, but it definitely didn't hurt.
I call it the hummus fallacy. I'd be all "oh hummus is good for me" and then eat a whole package. Little did I realize that I'd just chowed down 800 calories and 50g of saturated fat. 
Precisely! I do the same thing with nuts. Get some pistachios next thing you know I consumed half of my allotted calories for the day. It is all about moderation. The nice thing is that the "healthy" foods are often easier to eat in moderation. I mean you can eat a pound of strawberries and only consume like 200 calories or an entire bag of lettuce and only have around 100 calories. The problem comes when people get it into their heads that all "healthy" foods are like this, or when they just don't pay attention..TL;DR: want to lose weight, the only way that has worked for me is to pay attention to what goes into your body.
but it's ok cus hummus is delicious!
Fuck.. 
Pistachios are my arch nemesis. I love them, but they are SOOOO high cal. But I love them! I need some clever person to hack my treadmill so that it doesn't count calories or distance, but instead gives me a read out in terms of pistachios. 
An animated Psy could shout it to you ever time you can eat another pistachio
800 calories of hummus would only have around 7g of saturated fat. .It's true that it's a fairly calorie-dense food, but the ratios of macronutrients are pretty good. 
I hyperbolized for effect :p
oh fuck i have a hummus fallacy
Shit, dude.  Wait til you hear about the Avocado Subterfuge!
Or the Pineapple Entanglement!
Wait a minute, these are just Big Bang Theory episode titles :/
I'm not on a diet or lose weight but I prefer the taste of diet coke over regular.
came here to say this. I actually dislike regular coke. call me crazy but diet coke just goes down smoother.
I thought I was addicted to caffeine.  Nope, I'm addicted to aspartame.
I'm the same exact way.
Also sugar always sends me straight into a crash.  I avoid white sugar not because I don't want to get fat (I cannot get fat no matter what I eat - no idea why) but because it makes me feel like shit.
You might want to get that checked on by a doctor, or just keep watching what you consume. My cousin was like that and he turned out to be borderline diabetic. 
It's all the sugar in regular Coke. I can't really drink sugary drinks like that.
Coca Cola, Pepsi, Diet Pepsi all have this "burned" taste, to me.  Cant describe it any other way..I still take original Dr. Pepper though.
Also, diet doesn't leave as much of a sticky residue on your teeth as regular coke.
I'd love to get some diet pop that did NOT have aspartame in it. As in, ever god damned pop has aspartame in it and it gives me massive stomach cramps and migraines if I ingest even a little bit of it. Is it so much to ask that there be a few diet pops with no aspartame? Because I am sick and tired of this motherfuckin' aspartame in my motherfuckin' cola!.EDIT: Dead serious, I can't for the life of me find any non-aspartame diet pop.
Seltzer.
Diet Rite Zero is probably the most readily available..Also some places still carry Diet Coke with Splenda sometimes, but personally I think there's something off about its taste..Also Zevia is a brand of soda sweetened with Stevia extract.
Zevia is great. It has a much lighter texture? and flavor but still has a nice pop flavor. Comes in a bunch of flavors too, root beer, cola, lemon lime etc
I rather enjoy Diet Rite. Bonus that it's caffeine free by default, so I don't have to hope that they carry the rare version of the already rare soda that I like. 
Same here. I think regular coke is fucking disgusting. I can tolerate regular Pepsi but I'm all for Diet Coke and Diet Pepsi, as well as Diet Dr. Pepper which I recently found out is a great mixer for whiskey (the only good thing that happened to me during this year's Super Bowl.) Still, I mainly use them all for mixers because I like Whiskey. Yes I like whiskey straight as well but sometimes I need a mixer (especially if I cheaped out and got a lower quality brand). I'll VERY rarely drink any sort of soda by itself. 
Whiskey and Coke Zero is to die for though.  The flavor maskers used in Coke Zero make drinking it smooth as all hell.
yeah regular Coke is way to sweet for me. I usually stick with unsweetened iced tea. But when I want something different I go with a Diet Coke.
yep, regular coke is too sweet.
Came here to say this. I might be a gluttonous fatass who'd inject lard directly into my veins while bathing in KFC Double-Downs, but I hate the overly-sweet taste of regular soda. It tastes awful to me, and it even gives me stomach aches (strangely, nothing else does...). .But I do enjoy fizzy drinks, so "Diet" Coke works for me. It should really just be called Sugar-Free Coke.
I just dont like to have that much sugar in my system i get shaky. For reference I'm a 19 yr old boy. 
me too, tastes like chemicals. 
If you're a dude, you're supposed to be drinking Coke Zero. Diet Coke is for the ladies, that's why they made Coke Zero.Basically, quit being a bitch, Tommy 

I just dont like my teeth being coated in sugar.
THAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANK YOU. I dont understand how people don't get the fact that "maybe I just like the taste of diet coke better than oily high fructose corn syrup".
I like Diet Pepsi better than Diet Coke..except in a single instance..The Diet Coke at McDonald's is the best diet drink I have ever had. I am not sure what the hell they do to it, but no other Diet Coke I have had anyplace else tastes anywhere near as good as it.
I agree, and also, I do keep an eye on my calorie intake and I'd much rather eat my calories than drink them. Fuck me, right?
And even if you were on a diet, so what?  Maybe today was your cheat day, or you just got done running 10 miles and have enough calories spared to eat a large pizza but not a regular coke?  If I get fast food for whatever reason I grab a diet drink.  Not only have I come accustomed to diet drinks, and prefer them, getting a regular soda is 400 calories I don't need, or want, to waste.  Rather get some Froyo or some shit.
I don't order giant pizzas like that, but I usually get diet coke with a burger or whatever because I don't need/want the extra sugar..Also, extra calories are extra calories. Just because you shouldn't eat a whole pizza doesn't mean that you should add several hundred more calories on top of that.
This is what drives me nuts.  Yes, I want a Coke Zero with my Snickers.  I get two delicious items for the calories of one.  Now fuck off with your judgements.  You're probably fatter than me anyway.

Agreed, no one drinks diet coke to lose weight. You're thinking of water. 
Drinking diet coke is the dietary equivalent of drinking water. Switching from regular coke to diet is a good substitution for a diet if you are looking for easy substitutions.
I definitely lost a good chunk of weight when I gave up drinking regular coke years ago. I had been drinking a . of regular Coke though.
Depends how far you go with "equivalent"... studies have suggested that diet soda makes you crave real (caloric) food more than usual, because your body tastes the sugary flavor and expects it to have caloric content, but it doesn't, so the body wants to compensate. Aspartame also may cause memory loss, which being a diet soda addict I can testify is probably true.
There have been enough studies done on the diet soda craving real food hypothesis that it is generally rejected..I don't recall any studies that indicated Aspartame caused memory loss.
I was going to say "I see what you did there", but I forget why.  
Yeah but the sweeteners in diet coke can cause heart problems, in some ways regular coke is better.
Aspartame cannot affect the heart in any way. It is only harmful for people with phenylketonuria, which causes an amino acid that the body breaks down Aspartame into, to be toxic.
I prefer diet because regular is just too sweet. 
I'm with you.  Regular soda actually gives me heartburn if I drink it with greasy food or alcohol. 
I prefer water because it isn't too sweet.
It also tends to lack all of the reasons someone would drink Coke. 
Fun Fact: The whole idea behind "New Coke" was to make it taste more like Diet Coke except with real sugar. Blind taste testers . preferred the taste of New Coke..(No, New Coke wasn't a secret plot to switch to corn syrup. That's a myth.)
Source?

Thank you.
That doesn't make sense, normal soda is made with high fructose corn syrup or cane sugar. Diet sodas are made with sucralose or aspartame. Sucralose and aspartame are both multiple times more sweet than sugar or HFCS, usually put in equal portions..So, it isn't that regular is too sweet, it's that you like the taste of fake sugar.
Or he doesn't like the taste of corn syrup. Not many places in America get to enjoy cane sugar soda - though thankfully it's growing in popularity.
it's a lighter sweet, though. I could drink a glass of water sweetened with sucralose, but if you put corn syrup in there, you notice it more. Regular drinks just have a different feel to me, and they don't sit well with my stomach. 
They don't use the same amount of diet sweetener as they do of real sugar. The fact that one is sweeter per gram doesn't mean that the resulting drink is.
But people taste things differently. Diet soda . taste as sweet as regular soda. Regular soda tastes extremely sugary, and even leaves a sugary film on your teeth. Diet soda has a "cleaner" taste (unless you drink it warm, then you're in for a bad time).
"Cleaner" taste? Diet Coke (and Pepsi) taste absolutely terrible, and the aftertaste lingers and lingers... horrible stuff. Coke Zero is a little better, but still has a touch of that really off taste. Maybe if you drink enough of it you get used to it, but I'm unwilling to do that... why would I drink something that tastes downright bad? Better just to drink some water (so I guess it's effective in that sense). 
Not trying to be a smart ass, but is there actually like a scientific thing behind "tasting differently?".I don't really see where you're coming from with the "cleaner" taste, but it is . better for your teeth, so that's always a plus!
For instance, I like celery. My SO hates it. Surely there's something you dislike that others do like and vice versa.
That's because your SO is a super taster, google it. they can taste a chemical in some green vegetables that only 10% of the population can.
SCIENCE. I knew someone would supplement my comment with facts eventually.
I was mostly just excited there was something science-y I actually knew!
Oh, so you mean preference? I thought you meant like literally different tastebuds. lol
Mine are type z.
Are you trolling me, or is that a thing?
Totally trolling, lol. Sorry, I didn't realize it was ambiguous.
I get it you don't like diet coke. I'm not asking you to. I was illustrating why some people prefer the taste over regular coke. I wouldn't drink diet coke if I didn't think it tasted good. Therefore, it isn't that diet coke is objectively "good" or "bad" tasting, so much as different people have different tastes.
That was the point I was making... Diet Coke doesn't objectively have a "cleaner" taste, that is just your subjective opinion of it, which (obviously) differs widely from my own.
Thank you for your redundancy.
Yes, there is such a thing. You have no idea what he means by a different texture, like syrup and water? It's obviously not that extreme, but it just feels different. 
Serious question: Is there a scientific measurement of sweetness? (Something like the Scovilles of measuring spiciness, I suppose?)
Quick google search shows that no, there are no laboratory instruments to measure sweetness and no absolute unit of sweetness. Taste panels determine sweetness. 
I cannot say for sure, but I assume there is, because many studies reference sucralose as 600 times (may be an inaccurate number, just making an example) sweeter than cane sugar, or something along those lines.
That's true, I did not mean to make that a bad thing. I fucking love cane sugar soda, unfortunately Jones soda recently got taken off the shelves of all my locals =/
Yeah, I get it from a bodega near me. It comes in authentic looking Coke bottles, tastes delicious and doesn't leave you with a stomachache. That's why I prefer Diet Coke to American Regular Coke. Corn Syrup is disgusting.
It could be the aftertaste. .Drinking a regular soda after you've gotten used to a diet soda feels like you permanently have sugar syrup swirling around your teeth. 
Also, for whatever reason I find drinking a soda in a cup with ice leaves a completely different aftertaste and mouthfeel than just drinking the soda straight out of a bottle or can.

Ya that's it. My parents only bought diet so that's all I drank when I was younger. 
I prefer diet because I can actually taste it, regular soda all tastes like corn syrup.
Not if you live in Germany like me. We have the good shit (Coca Cola with real fucking sugar in it)
I think that goes for anywhere outside of North America where Corn is subsidised to absurd amounts? That's why Corn Syrup is in everything there, no?
+1 for "Pepsi Throwback", which has the 70s can designs and contains sugar instead of HFCS. Now . tastes good.
My local store has Pepsi Throwback and Mexican Pepsi, which I've never seen before otherwise. Seems mildly redundant to me, but hey, glass bottle of Pepsi . Coca-Cola for 99? Sold.
fuck you and fuck your delicious sugar based drinks.
Don't be so jealous at least your cheeseburgers aren't the size of a golfball like here.
I'm not sure about us in the UK though, when you get coke with a takeaway kebab it's often imported from some arab country and It tastes much nicer than the stuff that we normally get.
hell yeah, you can buy throwback or mexican coke here.
This. .Diet Coke is not a diet version of Coca Cola. It's its own drink. Coke Zero is a diet version of Coca Cola. I can't stand the taste of Coke, but I drink Diet Coke like water.
Diet Coke is a hell of a drug.
I fucking LOVE diet coke, it's the only soda I like. 
Diet Coke is in fact Diet . Coke. When they changed the formula and everyone hated it back in the 80s, they also released Diet Coke. When they went back to the old recipe, they didn't change Diet Coke back too
I prefer diet pepsi to regular pepsi, but I like Coke Zero versus Diet Coke or Coca Cola. It's a weird thing, but well, there you go.
I feel exactly the same way. I prefer diet pepsi over coke zero though. 
and that cant be healthy

You drink it like water? That's fucking disgusting.
It's troubling. All discussions about the effects of artificial sweeteners aside, there are some other effects of ANY soda consumption
Thank you, I was starting to feel like I am the only sane person here.
I wish more people understood this..About five years ago, I set out on a diet and exercise program which led to me losing about 60lbs. When I would "cheat" my diet during this time period, I got accustomed to the taste of diet..Well, fast-forward to now, I gained some weight back, but I now hate the taste of regular. I find myself having to explain myself quite a lot when I buy something not so healthy with a diet coke. I know I shouldn't have to, but this is the first thing everyone thinks about.."Oh man, look at that douchebag [me] over there, eating his burger with a diet coke".Them basterds.... haha
That.
Really? I didn't know that. I hate the taste of regular coke and diet coke, but I LOVE Coke Zero. Not because it's diet, but I really enjoy the taste. Same thing with Pepsi. I hate Pepsi, Diet Pepsi, but like Pepsi Max
I simply don't like the way non diet soda tastes.  I don't know if it is the sugar or something but every non diet drink to me just tastes terrible.
Coke Zero is diet soda marketed for men.
And Coke Zero isn't any better.
I would hope you do drink water more often than Diet Coke though
Yeah. If nothing else, I almost always have water when I'm out at a restaurant since I try to avoid caffeine and they rarely have caffeine free diet. But I also drink water more frequently than soda at home.
I wish Coke Zero really tasted like Coca Cola. But it's true, that is what it is trying to taste like.
I understand Diet Coke is it's own drink now, but it was created to be the diet version of Coke.  Coke Zero has only been around  for 8 years or so.
Diet Coke is a diet version of New Coke.  Coke Zero is a diet version of Classic Coke. 
Downvote for saying "This"
Diet Coke is the diet version of New Coke. Coke Zero is the diet version of Coca Cola Classic
I like you.
Thank you for understanding this! Diet coke is supposed to be totally different! Nobody believes me when i say that, i'm like why would they have coke zero and advertise "real coke taste" if diet coke was the same shit! I love either but they are totally different
Same. I haven't had a non-diet soda in 2.5 years and I limit the soda to one a day. Since doing that I've felt so much better. During the day I drink water and I have a Coke Zero at dinner. .So yeah, when I do eat out I'll order something with one billion calories like this pizza then order a diet soda. I know people probably think that's weird, but when you only eat out like that once a month, and never drink non-diet soda, it makes sense. At least to me.
Coke Zero fan here. I dig how it doesn't taste so damn heavy, in fact, the Coke Zero I was getting in Afghanistan (bottled in Kabul) was the best. I swear it had to be a different recipe it was far less sweet than the U.S. version.
The Coke I had overseas was always better than the American version for some reason...
Sugar. No HFCS.
The majority of Coca-Cola sold outside of the US is made with cane sugar rather than high-fructose corn syrup, and Coke made with real sugar tastes better (disputable I suppose but I don't know of anyone who would disagree). A lot of countries also still commonly sell it in glass bottles, which improves the taste even further. You can still find it in glass bottles in the US but it's not nearly as common as it is elsewhere. Your best bet is to try to get Coke from Mexico in bulk from a big box store like Costco, or a lot of taquerias or other Latin restaurants will have them,
What about Colombia? Do they sell good Coke? .Looks like I'm going to go stock up on foreign Cola. That shit was delicious.
Coke Zero actually tastes like coke..Diet Coke tastes like black water with those sweetener pills chucked in... and then you can taste it for hours no matter what you do.
You don't taste diet coke after you drink it, unless it's made with stevia, then it is annoying for 30m-hour after drinking.  Normal diet has no such problem, it also tastes better than that sugar sweetened bubbly aunt jemimah tasting shit that (pre)fat fucks drink.   Coke zero tastes like regular cola, feels like it too,  thick, syrupy, and disgusting.  .(Aspartame has no long-term aftertaste, so I have no clue wtf you're drinking) 
Diet Coke was never designed to taste like Coke..Coke Zero was designed to taste like Coke.
I don't care what it was designed to taste like, I only said what it tastes like to me.
Actually, it was - it was just released while Coke was New Coke. Everyone hated New Coke, so they switched back to the old recipe, but Diet Coke wasn't changed
Yup. Coke Zero kinda tastes like Coca Cola, which I personally don't like (too syrupy and sweet). Diet Coke is much better. 
 I wouldn't say it has to do with sweetness, but rather the flavor of the sweetener..Edit: My bad
Coca Cola zero doesn't use sucralose. It uses Aspartame and Acesulfamine Potassium. There exists (existed) a "Diet Coke with Splenda" but that's not the same flavor as Coca Cola ("Coke" is modeled after the "new coke" from the 1980s, and is much different than "Coca Cola" hence the differences in name. 

Diet Coke with Splenda had a . weird taste..I've never understood why they can't seem to make a decent tasting soda with Splenda. Splenda is great as a sweetener in iced tea, but seems to go really funky in soda for some reason.
I think it's the accompanying flavors. .I am an avid water drinker now, but previously, I used to down a lot of diet soda. .I found that fruit flavored beverages were best with splenda. Berry, kiwi, cherry, lemon, lime all were pretty good. Splenda does something to your mucus glands - after drinking some it always felt like I had a small amount of phlegm in my throat. .It could have something to do with HOW the splenda's added. I've found, at least for Stevia (erythritol) that the accompanying alcohol or granulated medium can add some nasty flavors to it. I wonder how true this is for sucralose. 
You and I - our tastebuds are polar opposites
Imagine the explosion if you and I were to kiss..Go on. Imagine it..Do it.

I'll imagine that you're both women. Iike me so women kissin
I bet we would both just become indifferent to either coke option 
You'd switch to Pepsi. This is how Pepsi lovers are born. 
So Pepsi lovers are all gay?
What makes you think those two are both dudes ?
Makes sense to me. I will drink either (as long as they're diet) and I'm half gay.
Half gay on your dad's side.
What game were we playing anyway?
I see no difference between these two photographs.
Ryan hasn't changed at all in ten years
where is the video i need a video plz video plz plzplzpzlpzlplzplzplzzzzzz 
Reminds me of my freshman vs. senior year student ID pictures. Like a weight-loss testimonial with the before and after pictures switched. 
the reunion tour? 
Watch this .then this 
Why is this in .?
For anyone interested Whose line is back on your local CW channel at 7 [CST] on Tuesdays!
Just look at the images from bottom to top and you'll suddenly feel younger.
Wow. Collin needs to do something about that hair.
Does anybody else see Elmer Fudd?? :(

meh, i guess....
isnt that just jeff dunhams puppet walter?
The picture quality is better, and they're a bit older.  I bet they don't actually look all that different.
where is drew carey? 
that was all I could think about when watching the new episodes
Why? Why did you do this to me. I've not seen the show in years, but remember it as one of the funniest programmes going. Big Jim is a comic genius and throw in these 2 guys it is (better then the word great). Umm I don't know now too stoned going on Netflix to find the old series. 
Age has not been kind to them. 
This definitely crossed my mind and made me feel the same >.<
And here we have a perfect example about how the nose keep growing thoughout persons life. 
It's ok, Captain Hair will come and help you!
The Illuminati government and the mainstream media created this show to hypnotize children into being ok with self expression. 
the original whose line was the best. from way back in the day when comedy central first started and they aired the british one 
what is the deal with reddit's hard on for this corny ass show
I didn't know Chancellor Palpatine was Canadian. 
FIXED!!! the problem was with the brightness/contrast
man they got pink 
Why, oh, why isn't Drew back? 
I noticed that yesterday and it's exactly how I feel everytime I think of 
I didn't notice, did Ryan have his funky shoes?
Maybe I have a different sense of humor, but I really don't see what's so funny about this image.
Imagine how they feel!!!
Really? If Colin dyed his hair you'd be saying "they look so young!"
and I already thought colin mochrie was old on the show cause he was bald
God, the new Whose Line is awful. The audience is too big and too noisy, and the host is not funny at all. "Welcome to Whose Line Is It Anyway, where EVERYTHING is MADE UP and the POINTS DON'T MATTER." She says it like that the show's fucking catch phrase. I like how Drew Carey said all his stuff casually and playfully, but this new host says everything with such an assertive and obnoxious tone, it's hard to listen to. She also yells at the camera instead of talks, and it honestly hurts my ears. It's become another one of those shows where the audience won't shut up and everything is too loud and it's all obnoxious. I truly miss the simple aspect the Whose Line used to have.
this makes me sad
Why, they don't look any different.
Now he's totally ready for Jersey Shore because of his laughably bad orange spray tan.
is this show really so good it seems kind of lame. 
I don't like the new host either. Drew was such an essential part of what made the original great. However Wayne, Colin, and Ryan have still got it so it's worth watching for me.
Drew wasn't part of the original Whose Line.
lrn2crop
Imagine having them as your grandfathers...
[deleted]
He looks like a midget medieval knight? 
But what do they look like today?
yeah god why wont they make the show just for you and how you want it.
How I want it is how it used to be. It used to be good, and now it is bad.
yeah, things should never change, only your opinions matter. If it's bad according to you then obviously it's utter garbage..Nitpicky stuff like the host saying "all his stuff casually and playfully" is really a problem and they should just shut the show down..Heck they should just replay the old episodes over and over again until you and your insatiable appetite for negativity also starts hating the old show.

Are the top and bottom panels Wayne Brady I'M SO SORRY
Angry Beavers debuted 16 years ago in 1997. The average lifespan for a beaver in the wild is 24. So presuming they were at least 8 years old when the show started...
What year is it anyway?
.
So... did, uh, Colin EVER have hair?
Emperor Palpatine?
Imagine how Colin feels.
Still look like a million bucks to me 
Fixed the cropping for you: 
Perfect!
I would still bed Ryan Stiles in an instant.
You shouldn't feel old since the image above isn't even that old the original British version of the show is the oldest and the show where they established there comedy duo for the show.
they are so married
imagine how they feel
Imagine how they feel.
They really just need to dye their hair, then it will look much closer to the original.
Works for some guys on Comedy Central!
I think if Colin just tightened it up (a lot), he'd look younger.
It seems like Colin probably did that during the old series. He's just letting it go natural now.
Why isnt drew there?
Aisha Tyler replaced him. He has TPIR to worry about.
Why isn't Bob Barker there?
Drew Carey replaced him. He has spayed and neutered pets to worry about. 
Why aren't my pet's balls there?
Science.
Vet removed them. He has Bob Barker to worry about.
The price is wrong, bitch!
I'm pretty sure Colin was already gray when I first saw him perform with Brad Sherwood in 2005 or 06.  .That fact doesn't help your situation, though.
Just think how they feel. ;-)
Imagine how they feel...
imagine how they feel
They look like characters from the game "Guess Who"
Welp,  I'm gonna go watch 3 hours of WLIIA, thanks for that
I really like the new host, but its just not the same without drew.
Did they..polish his head..?
not as much as they do
Ryan ages like a pro. 
Where are they showing who's line?
I used to poke fun at how ryan dressed. I think i own that checkered shirt he has..
Colin's head seems to be emitting a strange green aura. 
aw they're not spring chickens anymore.
They've gotten pale over the years.
They don't look that much older...
And the main difference is that . has gray .. At the spots that he HAS hair anyway...
Colin was greying when they filmed the original US version, but the producers made him dye his hair. .It was actually touch-and-go when it came to using much of that cast to begin with. ABC wanted young, good-looking people + loads of celebrity guests (like, in every episode). Somebody somehow won a fight.
Their noses are bigger!
I don't really think they look all that different.
Nope. That's just how they look in HD. Atleast that's what I tell myself in lieu of acknowledging it's been nearly fifteen years since it was on the air.
I thought I'd be disappointed after the renewal because these things usually don't end well but I was pleasantly surprised. That Glee guy also did a great job.
I thought everything got fuzzier when you got older. Well, this just changes everything. 
I want to put a gnome hat on Colin.
Who's the alien on the bottom right? The Canadian prime minister was right, there are species living with us...
Imagine how Colin feels!
I missed the new episodes.. 5pm.. on a weekday.. omg.. really? they need to reair them as i dont have a pvr..
Ryan hasn't aged! 
I remember watching them in the original UK whose line from the late 80s/early 90s. They were always the funniest. The dinosaur impression had me in tears of laughter as did "the arctic tern". Hah!!
The bottom one looks like Colin wasn't available so Ryan decided to become a ventriloquist. 
Is it just me or does older Colin look like a terrifying clown from my nightmares?
Still saying Collin looks like Emperor Palpatine.
You feel old because you've been watching reruns for so long.
More than likely. It got to the point that I was that annoying asshole that had most the lines memorized. 
I saw this in another thread; Here's something that'll make you feel older.  You know that movie finding nemo?  That premiered 10 years ago.
It's just the difference the HD is doing. 
Oh they're two persons :) I always thought the guy on the left was the guy on the right back when he was younger and the show was new.
Colin is only 2 years older than Ryan
Say what you want, but I NEVER thought I'd be seeing Whose Line in HD. I thought I'd be stuck with 240p youtube videos for the rest of eternity.
Have you been to Who's line online?
Ryan doesn't look like he's aged a bit
You can tell on the closeups of his face.
HD doesn't help.
He really sounds like he has though..Still as funny ever, so who cares?
It saddens me seeing actors and comedians age... It really puts it into the light, they wont always be there
My dad remarked on this a few days ago, saying just wait until those your age or even younger start retiring or passing from age. I'm at the age where NFL players are retiring and it's sobering.
Chris Cooley retired. He's just little younger than I am. Bummed me out. Portis is my age and he's been retired for a few years now.
My dad said the first time he realized he was old was when he stepped into a doctor's office and realized everyone treating him was younger than he was. That's got to make you think twice.
Well, NFL players retire in early-to-mid 30's, which isn't old by societal standards, just too old to be an elite athlete.
Yeah, but I'd imagine that that's sobering anyways.."I am now of an age where athletes are deciding they're too old to be athletes.".I mean, it's all downhill from there
Oh, yes. It's sobering to hear about NFL rookies coming in. The Eagles drafted a guy, Danny Watkins, who the draftniks complained was "WAY too old!" to be drafted -- at age 27. The same age as I was when they drafted him. Whomp whomp.
Did lighting get shittier over time?.These look like they could've been taken a day apart from each other with different lighting and color treatment. 
No, people just become more monochromatic as they age.

The bald jokes were directed at Clyve back then.
actually the picture just got better - the new show is in HD.  The orig is fuzzy and orange
But the lighting in that second one is kind of gray. They look better when they have that sitcom orange tint to them.
This is why instagram works. Shitty resolution? Throw some sepia on dat shit
They are also both wearing gray in the second photo.
It looks fuzzy? It's supposed to look fuzzy.

tapiooooca!!!! sad to not see drew but still funny
I like her as a host.  She's doing well, and I see good things in the future for jokes between them.  She isn't Drew, but she's carrying the show pretty well.
I agree but I feel like her voice will get annoying pretty quickly. 
I feel like the show's off to a really strong start, and they'll get into their groove. It's nice to see it hasn't been watered down or modernized beyond recognition. They even tried to keep the set the same. That deserves some respect.
There were 2 things about her that I didn't care for: her voice is somewhat nasally and grates on your ears a bit, and she didn't really get involved-she just sat there and that was it. But, that last point could easily change as she gets more comfortable and develops a report with the crew.
Yeah, the beginning of the show wasn't very pleasant to listen to because she was speaking so loudly, but for me the rest of it was fine.
Even the mics were getting blown out. She was probably mic'd at a normal speaking voice but over an audience one has to speak a bit louder. 
I think Collin said in his AMA that it's the same set
My first thought was "God Colin is much older"
When did Mortal Colin become God Colin?
They are obviously older, but I honestly don't feel the same way as most people here. It seems to me that his hair is the only real factor here. None of them look like "OMFG SO OLD!!"  to me.
His cheeks are a lot more noticeable now that he is older.
I'm not denying that they are older or that he looks older than the others, I just think he is very sprightly along with everyone else.
When did Colin the Gray become Colin the White? 
I know people who go above and beyond to bleach their Colins.  
[deleted]
Who cares.  He's still the funniest one on the show.
Yeah I've always thought Ryan and Colin were both pretty funny, but Colin slightly more so. 
Colin always goes ..
This is the relevant point. Ryan is in general the funnier one, but I think Colin will commit to an over the top joke just to make up the difference. That means every now and again he knocks it out of the park, usually in ways that makes Ryan break down in giggles. 
And Colin has no shame. He'll do something that makes him look completely ridiculous to carry the gag. Ryan will go along, but he'll blush and stammer and try not to laugh. Colin gives no fucks.
I always found Ryan funnier, AND funnier looking.
Colin was my favorite, but Ryan had some absolutely fantastic moments. His lost toddler routine killed me.
He . have the best shoes.  I'll give him that.
Best part is easily the time he smashed the light on Drew's desk with his head..That, or the Richard Simmons "moving people" skit.
I think I just saw Little Richard!
My favorite part had to be "MEOW"
"This seat is wet!" I absolutely lost it when he said that. 
He is going to look like such a cheery and delightful elderly man.
He kinda looks like a sad clown
You think you feel old? I've yet to meet someone else who remembers watching ..
To think that it all began with a poorly timed bald joke.
Ah, Ryan's mullet. RIP.
This was the best version in my honest option no Americanised can't swear bullshit no real set games just a bunch of comedians doing there shit on screen. It wasn't always comedy gold but I loved it and it was a great excuse for staying up late. 
I watched it all the time. I think Clive is even funnier now than he was then.
You're a unique butterfly. The only person in the world to watch the UK version.
I completely remember that. Even though it was originally a UK show it did have a very US vibe to it, so much so that I had to double check wiki.
Tony Slattery (not in this picture) was on level with Ryan and Colin IMO, even though sometimes he broke character from laughing
No one ever remembers the original British version of anything. 
Now you have.  I loved that version and got introduced to it on its run in America.
I watched this, proof: tony slattery.
I remember,  good times.
Yea. Those were the BEST with Clive. I probably saw re-runs of it, in the early 90's, but I loved it. 
Hi! Now you have.  Loved it.  
"76"
Still have some of those old episodes on VHS. 
Same here.  I had a bit of thing for Tony Slattery when I was a teenager.
They used to run them on Comedy Central (probably half a decade after their original run?)
That was the golden era of Comedy Central. The UK Whose Line Is It Anyway, MST3K, and unadulterated stand-up.
the very first season of whose line was terrible - it was mostly different, all british people, and most of it seemed to be obscure british literary references
Cheers, I'm one of those people.
You've met someone now!  Well, if a post on the internet counts as "meeting".  When it came to the States, I seriously missed Clive Anderson.  
I love Greg Poops.
... Proops. 
I spilled Gatorade all over my keyboard last night and it apparently has resulted in an unfortunate typo. .Listen to his podcast, The Smartest Man in the World.
You don't listen to what the Gatorade tells you. It's not your friend.
You did that on purpose and you know it
I swear I didn't. I can make some pretty cringe-worthy jokes, but that is even beyond my threshold. Also, I like Greg Proops too much to take away from my point that he is great.
seriously though, does he not age?
Ryan aged much much better than Collin
What I want to know is why are they so goddamn shiny in the new show? Seriously, their make-up sucks. They all look like they have sunburns, and then got sprayed with olive oil.
Looks like he had work done.
who cares, they're both hilarious
I swear he uses hair dye, his hair color is not a natural brown.  Still, nothing against the man.  He looks great.
And wayne brady didn't age at all
Are you kidding? He aged so much he's bald now!
But Colin has just as much hair as he used to have!
Seriously he did not lose/gain a single follicle in ten years!
Colin's hair looks like mold now. Sexy, Canadian mold.
I suspect there's an attic somewhere containing a painting of a rapidly aging Ryan Stiles.
I understood that reference! 
As long as he doesn't kill Colin to keep it a secret, we should be just fine.
The CW is streaming the new Whose Line for free at .*edit: a couple things to add to this, for interested parties. . pointed out that they have really solid closed captioning. Also looked around their site some and it looks like they only keep a 5 episode buffer on most of their streams, so you may end up needing to find another source if you miss any of the early eps. Finally, it doesn't appear to be showing natively in the EU, but . mentioned that the . browser app should fix that.
What happened to Drew Carey? 
I guess it's not available outside Murica. Cannot see a thing from EU.
MediaHint
You are my new hero!
Thanks, it works now! This show is hilarious haha
He has another job hosting . and being part-owner and fan-wrangler for the Seattle Sounders. 
I was worried the new show wouldn't be as funny as the original, and that the new host wouldn't jive well. After watching the first episode, I must say I was 100% wrong. I was almost in tears the entire time (and they didn't do a ho-down!). 
Oh my GOD, they have captioning. I love these people.
Holy hell, so they do. Good captioning too, actually. I'm kinda impressed.
Heaven, I'm in heaven.
Since this is the CW I guess you could say you're in... 7th Heaven.
That was the WB. The CW is a combination of the WB and UPN.
So happy about this. VCRs are archaic and DVR is too pricey for me.
TV Tuner, antenna, Windows Media Center. The only cost is the tuner (as little as $20) and antenna (as little as $10). If you have Windows 7 Home or Vista you have media center
If you're in an area that gets good reception. Even with roof antennas central long island is spotty for coverage for all the basic channels. You're more or less forced into cable for live TV
Edit:  To the downvoters.  . .Also, watch the new stuff on CW for obvious ad rev reasons.  Was merely providing a link to the older stuff that isn't available on the big 3 stream sites (prime, nf, hulu).
You have my upvote. That website is fantastic, and many of us can't access the videos hosted on the CW website.
This is a fine source for the older episodes, but like everyone else said, if you really want Whose Line to stay on the air you should visit their website if you can't catch it on TV.
Umm... of the two new episodes on that site, one is hosted on an asian streaming service and the other didn't load at all. I'll stick to the source as long as I don't have to pay anything for it.
Great, I love when the CW doesn't get ad revenue from the new show they're paying for and then cancels it because it wasn't making money. Hooray piracy! It's just like how we got Futurama cancelled again..(Downvotes ahoy, but you know I'm right)
I never said don't watch the new episodes on the CW.  By all means do it..But it's the older stuff is not available on Netflix or Prime and Hulu has like 10 episodes.  I was just trying to provide an additional source.
The official version doesn't work outside of US so yeah, hooray piracy!
I just want you to know that I'm downvoting you for this, not the rest of the comment.
Alrighty. I always get downvotes for suggesting that if a legal, free (usually ad-supported method) exists, it should be used (I grant exceptions for those who can't due to locale). I expect it now. I usually don't mention the oncoming onslaught, but I just wanted to say "downvotes ahoy".
I think it was the smug "you know I'm right" comment you're choosing to ignore more than anything. but idk.
_
You're not getting downvotes for what you said, they're from how you said it
You know what sucks is these depressing ads in between the comedy. "Was it worth it? Thats the question I would have for her.".*spelling edit
And the same ones every damn commercial break. The commercial itself isn't bad, it's hearing it 4 times in half an hour.
I found a loophole to get around them, well at least on an ipad. Minimize the screen and click between episodes. When you come back to the desired episode, BAM straight to show. 
ads*

Oh my god. I had forgotten I installed that. I was looking at the dots that usually indicate an ad, but nothing happened. No more repetitive ads. No more mind numbing monotony..I'm free!
But then they won't get money for the ads.
**spelling edit.
They should seek other sources of funding if their viewers don't want ads.
You are talking about reworking how TV has worked for over 50 years... Yeah that should be easy.
To be fair, they've had over a decade to adapt since the rise of peer-to-peer file sharing.
What, like pay-per-view? Fuck that.
That would be making you pay for it yourself.
My god, this comment is so painfully naive. 
Yes, maybe a subscription based option where you get a set amount of networks for different prices.  They can call them packages...wait
You have a spelling edit but still spelled "then" wrong?
I think I mean "Than" still. Because its a comparison?
Nope, the way you used it, it is a sequence..
"If you use AdBlock THEN they won't get money for the ads.".
I'm not sure what you could be comparing.
My bad.
He should know better then that.
I want to downvote the spelling but settled for upvoting the joke.
Don't make a mockery of their styles.
God damnit, that was good.
Wayne will Drew learn?
eh... not quite as good. but you tried.
In all fairness, 'mockery' is a lot easier to use in a pun. I mean its a real word in itself
Gotta give Proops for trying.
Thats how its done. Take note VanChelsea.
Yeah, I guess there's a reason why I'm not a Whose Line cast member
Sounds like you've got a Brad habit of carrying a Chip on your shoulder..brb, gotta Proops.....Kathy Greenwood is hot.
They're starting to look like their 
My first thought was "Colin needs to grow a mustache."
Dat resemblance.
Is it just me, or is Colin starting to look more and more like an old version of the 
I need you to wear this bolo tie. It's office policy.
I'd like to see them do that laugh. Hyeeo ho ho ho!
Dohoho!
Yup, Old people don't know how to crop a picture.
First it was letterboxing..We thought it could get no worse..Then... it happened...
Hey hey, easy there whipped snapper!
Thanks Netflix!

rrrrrrrrrracist!
those are still the worst bars in town.
Big black girls need a place to drink and relax too ya know!
It's "uncropped" on purpose to deceive repost-detecting bots
Or it's a vertical screenshot from a phone.
How much difference do you need to deceive the repost bots? Would a simple black dot do the trick? I mean if it looks for the same image then in wouldnt find it if a few pixels were black, would it?
It looks for very similar images. Otherwise, it wouldn't be able to tell if 2 images are the same if one was compressed again or resized. Making large black bars like this change the picture by a lot, and therefore repost bots can't tell it's the same.
I dont believe such bots exist. Why do you say this and get upvoted? About 15% of all the content on the front page at all times are reposts...
I could be wrong here, but I assumed he was referring to stuff like the built in repost detector in RES.
I thought RES's repost detector was just a "duplicate link detected" thing which blocks identical urls. Actual repost detectors are more things like karmadecay or something.
And sites like Karma Decay.
That sounds right actually, my mistake.
genius!.brb, whoring karma.
i aged just waiting on the damn thing to load
How small is your screen...?
You should know, Lord_of_Potatoes.
Me too. Just lost 5 whole seconds of my life right there
Hey Your Stupid I Did Not Wait At All Be Cause I Knew That OP Is A Fag
Why the inital caps on everthing?
Troll account. No where near as good as 
THERE ARE SO MANY NOW. they're multiplying. halp us all plz
Unless they are all the FabFerd.
relavent: 
Classic ferd.
Ferd, do us all a favor and delete your account. You are a cancer of reddit slowly trying to kill its culture.
Edit: spelling
Edit 2: why the downvotes?
What a bitchboy, crying about killing reddit's 'culture'. Keep crying
His is the only troll account I enjoy. 
No, we like him. You take your negativity elsewhere!
He's like the one special kid who you'd play on the playground with. He didn't really know what was going on but he'd eat any bugs you could find so he was alright.
Hyperlink that shit next time
he's the downvote guy
Well he's very good at it
lol whine complain about 5 sec of ur life waiting on something...im sure u waited on something longer.....whiney kids must be out for summer redditing or something.....haha >.>
You are not the Almighty Holy Ferd!
Bow chica bow wow mudda fukkas
hahaha
I agree with everyone else.  This is totally awesome.  Want one myself.
i wouldn't call this redneck as much as I would call it bad fucking ass.
They have fled to the water for survival!
No fishing poles? I'd be fishing all day on that thing!
It needs a smaller boat in tow - with a BBQ on it :-)
This this is AWESOME!
Redneck my ass, all of that is expensive and new, a pretty damn clever
Sometimes redneck ideas are so stupid & ridiculous that they go full circle & become good ideas. This is one of them. I want one!

just needs a modified version of . to account for the umbrella 
I think the "funny" aspect of this derives from the fact that people are sippin' on that haterade, and these folks here are having the last laugh. That looks like a great time to me, haha. Pretty fucking ingenious.
Rednecks are so crafty.
Hicknic table
Most of the best inventions in the world are created by rednecks trying to turn something into a motorized vehicle and potheads trying to figure out bigger and better ways to get high..Here's to American ingenuity! 
id buy one, if i had money.
This looks pretty darn awesome. Throw some fishing poles amd boom perfect picnic/fishing boat.
sweet
Not enough cupholders.
USA! USA! USA!
as an outsider, rednecks seem the most fun americans, too bad they'd probably hate my guts. maybe because they are "poor" i identify with them more than suburban hipster looking people.
It needs two things added to it and its perfect; a PVC pipe that bends off at a 45 degree angle so you don't have to reach over the table to change directions and a net on the bottom for your feet to rest on.
Oh ingenuity.
You jelly brah?
Redneck or not thats bad ass
If it's stupid but it works, it's not stupid.
All you can say is: Awesome!! As was said at least 5 time already. 
Looks like fun until you slip under the table and get torn to shreds by the motor. 
if it looks stupid but it works it isn't stupid
I am a massive fan of their ingenuity.
Rednecks? Try - Modern day rocket scientists..(My expectations for the common man have fallen off the wagon in my 39 years.)
Umm... This is awesome.
dat pun
Ah this is awesome. I love going to Alberta. 
I'm not a redneck and I want this!
Reddit - Figures guys are smart enough to build their own picnic boat but perhaps not bright enough not to cut their foot off with the trolling motor.
Edgar Winter is a crafty old dude.
That is badass. Drill some fishing pole holders on the end and you're in business. 
'Picnic Launch'
No Ants!
To those debating whether it's redneck or not, let me clear the air. .Genius; An idea that has never before been conceived and functions flawlessly.Redneck; An idea that has never before been conceived but hovers precariously on the line of human safety. .Based upon the puree that would be you or any limb of yours should you slip off that seat, I'd say this is 
This honestly looks awesome..I'd pay money to ride on that.
How does one get a red neck with such awesome hair?
This is awesome in every way. 
Seen a couple out here in Colorado...awesome, if that's redneck sign me up.
I might be a redneck, cuz that's awesome.
Alright, I am willing to put in the man hours to help build one, if someone else has access to the motor and random patio furniture... the picnic table... um..we'll figure it out. 
Good way to lose a foot haha
What happened to comment threads? There are less than 5 in this post.
More like Brilliantnecks.
They are an inventive bunch you have to give them that much.
I'm on a boat!
Picnicamaran?
What ever floats your boat
My neighbor welded 2 pontoon boats together to make essentially a square pontoon boat, and put a bar with taps in the middle.

This is incredibly awesome
Looks like a Central Texas Lake
Screw necessity I think convenience is the mother of invention. 
I could not deal with having my feet exposed underwater like that for so long... anybody else feel the same way?
mass production is necessary. awesome invention.
Feet a little to close to the motor for my tastes.
Back in the 80's my hometown would have an annual "Anything that can float but a boat" race. It was always full of awesome stuff like this.
That is the greatest thing I have EVER seen.
this is fucking amazing
That looks really nice. Cool idea. 
No patent? No problem!
If they were college students everyone would be saying, "That's fucking awesome!!!!" And then they'd be off trying it themselves...
This is actually really awesome.
fuck rednecks, i hate them. but this is really really cool, i would love to hang out on that all day.
Thug life
At first, I was like . But then I realized how stupid that thought was.
Florida?
I want one.
A redneck with a brilliant idea.
I call genius on this
There is just so little space to do anything.. I dunno.
The OP is mistaken..This is awesome. I wish I had the ingenuity to do this. 
That guy is just asking to have his foot pulled into those rotors...
Lol nope.
This is BRILLIANT!! 
Is that in western mass?
Actually, that wouldn't be a bad idea..
Rednecks? More like miraculous wizards! That is absolutely brilliant.
We call that guy Two Toes.
I kinda wanna build one of those. That thing is awesome. 
This goes under why haven't I thought of this before category. 
redneck or not, pretty bad ass. 
Rednecks my ass, this is awesome! 
Redneck nothing! This is brilliant!
you misspelled geniuses. 
I love that it's named "Picnic Launch".  Makes it even better. 
Rednecks are natural geniuses who aren't afraid to use their hands.
These people are living my dream.
Man, I don't care what color their necks are. That looks refreshing as hell. That is a table upon which PBR and Bud should have equal standing. 
Jealous of this
That's actually not the worst idea I've ever seen.
is there no end to their ingenuity?
"If I floats, I boats!"
if that's being a redneck, sign me up! looks awesome
These don't seem like rednecks to me, it's no where near dangerous enough, it doesn't have a gun rack and it's built to well. 
So there's two engineers sitting at a lake...
Rednecks deserve more credit.
The only thing classier than that free park boat, is the beard and that classy man. 
that is pretty badass
And then you realise they have nicer things.
If it looks stupid, but works, it isn't stupid.
I hope that prop has a cage around it. I could see his dangling feet getting to close. 
If that is redneck then call me Bubba.
That looks pretty awesome to this city slicker.
I think you spelled "fucking geniuses" wrong.
that's fucking awesome
thats sick, but damn I am so worried about the guy steering's foot as it so close to the propeller. 
that just looks awesome, I have no regional, demographic slurs here.
Don't hate, appreciate.
Smart
these guys are brilliant..
If that's red neck then count me in
that looks exceptionally well put together actually.  
Then call me a redneck. This would be soooo fun!
Say what you want about rednecks, but they know how to have a good time.
Genius! That is until your toes/foot meet the rotor. 
That trolling motor strikes me as being incredibly dangerous to the feet.
Call them rednecks all you want, I'd love one of those things
Haha witty title, since you like racism post something about niggers now.
They look like they even have it registered.  .I think I see hull numbers.  Edit: AND LIGHTS!.Edit 2:  I think they also have life jackets under the table.
It might be redneck but thats pretty damn brilliant really...looks fun.
I would own this in a heartbeat and I'm from the north.
Rednecks? That shit is AWESOME!!
Brilliant! 
Rednecks?!?!? This is fucking brilliant!!
It might just be my inner Alabamian kicking in here but this looks like it would be really fun to do.
Thats awesome, rednecks or not.Hats off to 2 cool rednecks then.
Rednecks or not, that thing is wicked. 
If that is what a redneck is being all about, then count me in!
There has to be a better way to attach the cooler.
10/10 would picnic.
If it floats, they boats'.
Rednecks?  That is an awesome idea no matter who came up with it!
OP is kind of a neckbeard if this is a redneck idea.
Rednecks?!  That umbrella is classy as fuck.  Plus they are $10k richer than the people who bought those party barges in the background.
If this is redneck living sign me up!
That's actually really cool....
Submit this to 
My first thought was "that's not redneck, that's awesome!" Then I remembered that I live in Louisiana
The man's got his own boat.  Can you say the same?
Rednecks? Looks to me like a whole-lotta awesome.  Not to mention some not-too-shabby construction..Some solar panels and an electric fishing motor and we'd have ourselves a modern urban version. 
Men like that, are how Space Shuttles get built.
Don't see any rednecks, just two of the smartest God damn people I've ever seen in my life.
This lake looks familiar.... Is this in Indiana?
Laugh all you want, that shit would be badass on a hot day.
If it looks stupid but works, it aint stupid.
This is amazing and I am jealous!
They even tagged it. She's legal to operate on the water.
Slap a BBQ on that sumfabitch and patent that mother fucker.
"Oh rednecks..."?  Did you mean, "Oh boy, rednecks!".This is fucking boss.
They're part of the redneck yacht club for sure! 
That looks awesome.
Eh why hate? They are enjoying life just fuck off.
Ya can't beat good ole redneck ingenuity. 
(x-post .)
Thats fuckin awesome. WHO WOULDNT WANT THAT?!?!?!
This is ignorant as hell
Ha.  Where are the life jackets?
Is this Lobdell Lake?
Say what you may, but this is fucking awesome for a hot day like today. 
We can learn so much from these people.
Why did I not think of this. 
What's the DMV registration paperwork like for that?
I think this is brilliant! +1 Rednecks
Fuck you, this is awesome.
I'll take 2. Hold the confederate flags. 
That is magnificent!
Ya im sorry but im Canadian ( like me apologizing before i make my statement wasn't enough of a clue that im Canadian) and i would never have even considered this till seeing the pic but i tell ya what, that's probably cheaper then buying a small boat so calling it a red neck thing seems more like econo mode to me ;)
That is awesome.
Reminds me of Wisconsin a bit. Not very rednecky, and really cool.
Awwwww yeah!
This is pure ingenuity...
You have to admit that, though not lavish, they do enjoy comforts that are afforded to those with a higher income.  
That's kinda cool!
Anyone notice that they have running lights for at night?
The Dude abides.
Don't act like you're not jealous.
Fail:  No place to put the fishing pole while engaged in 12oz curls, eating and BS'ing.
I live in West MD, and my old man lives in Falling Waters, WV. This is not at all surprising, and I can guarantee I'd see something like this during the summer on the Potomac. Redneck ingenuity is hilarious, and sometimes pretty cool. 
I would pay money for that.
Just waiting for that propeller to put some nice cuts into their feet.
That little picnic raft looks fun and relaxing as hell.  Now they just need a mini grill and some fishing lines!
Why has no one thought of this before?
Yup, making this.
everybody always disses rednecks. but come the weekend, everybody acts like rednecks. 
You see redneck, I see entrepreneurs. I see hope.  
It even has a navigation light for nighttime operation and appears to be registered.  So cool!
Moon shine anyone?
Uh, genius. 
Redneck would be plywood strapped to barrels. This is just badass. Totally worth making.
Amazeballs!!! I would buy one.
I wouldn't mind trying this out.
Picnic Launch! lol
That is fucking awesome. I'd love to have one of those. 
Dat pun
They see us trollin...
We drinkin...
That looks more relaxing and fun to me than any of those boats floating around.
That looks freaking awesome.... shade and everything!

We have lakes in Indiana?
Lake Michigan stands out as a pretty famous one.
I am not a redneck but I have to say - that looks like a lot of fun! :)

you know, those puddles.. 
They named it "Picnic Launch" and I love it.

My first thought was Ozarks because that's where I've seen this ilk of brilliance before, but I would also reckon that almost all of the lakes in the midwest United States look pretty much the same.  

This is on Lobdell lake in Fenton Michigan.

Take my money where do I get one
The History Channel (or Discovery) needs to start a show called Redneck Engineering.
It's all genius apart the name: Picnic Launch.
We do this at my cottage, but a little more ghetto actually..We take a floating dock and shove a 9.9hp crappy aluminum boat right under it. Then place our picnic table on top. It is also our mobile fireworks launcher on the lake too :)

Rednecks seem to get a lot of flak, but I would argue that they probably live a lot happier, less stressful lives than most people that judge them do.
What would you register this as? 

In Germany this would be a counter with a stand in the middle to draw beer.
Who let Charles Manson out?!

We welcome you
This is the best goddamn boat I've ever seen.

That's actually amazing...
Other than the potential of chopping your foot off, this isn't a bad idea.
OMG thats so fantastic!!
I'm showing this to my husband and we're making this. Though my question is how the hell do you launch and transport that thing? 
I'm reminded almost daily how 'rednecks' are more ingenious than I will ever be.
All it needs is a charcoal grill and a hammock 
I'm not even hating, this is amazing!
This is the greatest thing ever.
Very cool. I would like to bring one of these to the lake and use it while we're not using the boat. 
this looks an awful lot like middle straights lake, but i doubt it is.
I once witnessed several hippies living on two regular fishing boats with a crude two storey house stacked on top of them, including a port-a-potty. They had someone steering each boat which were tied to the "foundation" of the house.
I wounder if the blades had a grill to prevent foot decimation.
I love this, I want one!
You wouldn't make it in the south if you're afraid of a little trolling motor or snapping turtle. Some of yous urbanites need to get out more often. .Source: I live on Lake Lanier, the premier lake for Addlannans 
Looks like I'm spending this weekend building one of those...
Life for me is a riverboat fantasy.

Snow nuggets
say what you want about rednecks, but if you give them access to a junkyard and enough duct tape, they will find a way to make your whole house float
Owp...there went another toe dangit
Your doing it right...
I now totally understand our obsession with "hick" reality tv (i.e. duck dynasty, ax men, etc. etc.)  They're so freaking clever!  
Guinness
Rednecks are the best inventors around.
Not really redneck that I know of just awesome. .source: GA resident for over 20yrs. 
This is way more awesome than funny.  Actually, this isn't even funny.  It's just genius.
except for the outboard that genius
This looks more like wisconsin or michigan
Crazy, I saw this on my facebook the other day. It's my niece's grandma's friends and they build weird boats for a living. They are in Michigan
They is fucking awesome
never knew ya gringos were so... "resourceful".
Right, with an eco friendly electric outboard. Kind of missing the straight 6 duck-taped to the table. 
You don't need more than that..Place in the shade. A spot to eat on, you're moving through the water, life is great.
This is the coolest thing I've seen all day.
That is fucking AWESOME. 
I don't care who ya are, that there is some redneck ingenuity. 
Rednecks 1 Reddit 0
Rednecks have it figured out. Naming it Picnic Launch is the icing on the cake.
'murica
They prefer to be called "Sons of The South", but it ain't gonna happen.
To be honest, this is awesome. But I am from Missouri.
I'd be careful my toes didn't get sucked into the prop.
I don't think it's bad that that looks awesome. Instead of redneck, it should be cutting edge boat building.  This is the kind of shit you find in skymalls
Thats not redneck thats Harvard level ingenuity.
that's actually....a pretty good idea, it looks like a lot of fun
Seriously, redneck or not, this is awesome.
It even has motherfuckin' cup holders!
i like it send to r/diy
I'm sad to report that my cousin made one of these. It's got tags and everything and is technically legal. Doesn't stop the DNR from coming around all the time though to check and/or laugh though.
Oh geniuses...FTFY
"Lakeside my ass! LakeON!" - Mitch Hedberg
Someone is just asking to lose a toe.
It's not classy but it is effective. 

cool
I want one of these so bad. Though it would probably just wind up on blocks in my front yard.
The name of their vessel is what sells it for me: Picnic Launch
Redneck ingenuity
Redneck it maybe, but that's actually quite nice. I'd want a picnic on that damn thing, attach a bbq to it and you can stay out there all day.
Redneck Engineers
who needs feet anyway....
That looks awesome.
Don't get all high and mighty. You know that looks like fun. 
Those are geniuses and engineers.
Is this on hemlock lake in michigan?
I don't know about you, but i would LOVE a table-boat!
I'm going to try to find the picture, but these guys made a square raft with like four poles on each end and attached up to 4 hammocks on the outside of it. In the middle of the raft there was a cut out hole with a fire pit suspended in the middle with chains.  The thing was so cool..Edit: here it is 


I prefer to think of it as a minimalist pontoon boat; shade, beer, floats, it fulfills all requirements. 

It's all fun and games until your toe gets bitten off by a snapping turtle.
Could always try putting a cage around the bottom of the table.


Short of eating fish underwater, This is how you get the freshest Seafood.

Those guys are living better than 99% of us right now.

Or your own trolling motor, which is like 12 inches from that guy.

more like 3 ft with the entire motor between his foot and the moving bits
legs are dangly.
Funny you're the only one to mention this, that's the only thing I could think is how much it would freak me out having that propeller so close to my feet
You can get metal cages to put around the propellar I am pretty certain. But that said id be more worried about fish or worse in the water near my bare feet and legs.
what fish is going to harm you in a fresh water lake ?.snapping turtles hunt on the bottom 
catfish. catfish are tasty, tasty, assholes


My good man have you ever seen a sturgeon or a catfish in a bad mood not to mention cousin ted. 
I don't know if that's a quote and i'm being played for but sturgeons have no teeth and a catfish's bite is like sandpaper.


Looks awesome, but I'd rather not have my feet so close to the propeller, one slip under and you're gonna be fucked.

You just have to be 1% smarter than the thing you're working with.
The propeller sticks off the back of the engine... it's over a foot away from the back of the table.
motor.

A whole foot, huh?.Yeah, I'm not sure that qualifies as safe.

it faces the other direction though, youd really have to try to get your foot in there
Plus, it's a trolling motor. It's just a small plastic propeller, not spinning that fast. 
i have that motor, it spins pretty fucking fast 
Probably has a weed guard on backside of prop area. 
I'd rather not get hit by it nonetheless.
I'd rather not hit my foot on anything ever, but the point is that a trolling motor isn't likely to do any damage, and depending on how it hits you, might not even hurt that much.
Ceiling fan, for fish.

Instructions unclear, fish stuck in ceiling fan
"Man, that ceiling fan is a whole foot away from my head. I could get decapitated by it!".Its a trolling motor. It can't even kill fish, never mind lopping your foot off.
You should bring a rod and reel the next time you go fishing. Might have better luck.
I think people have a misconcspetion of what a redneck is.

Exactly. When people refer to hank hill as a redneck, i say the "redneck" character in KOTH is Lucky! Hank hill is just a person who sells propane and  propane accessories.
Big time. I guess if the invention looks zany, and the picture has an older white man with a beard, it MUST be redneck
If you've got tires on your house, and none on your car, you might be a redneck.
I was left truly dumbfounded by Jeff Foxworthy once. He was on the daily show and he said "If you're watching this on a television, that's sitting on top of another non-working television, you might be at one of my relatives house". I was doing exactly that. Moment of clarity.


Pure genius.
Pure? .Boy, that there is moonshine genius. .Distilled for proof, not purity.

Now just strap a small grill and cleaning station to it and you'd be all set
Cut a hole in the bench and you've got yourself an outhouse! 

Bring a couple fishing poles and you'll be self sufficient!
Might as well live on one!
If you created rain catches, then ya you could be. Eventually you'd run out of fuel and have to eat raw fish, also I'm not sure if humans can survive exclusively on lake fish.
That is a trolling motor, which is battery operated. Slap some solar panels on that umbrella and you got yourself a George Foreman and power to run your pleasure barge.
light fish on fire to cook other fish

Fish oil. Duh.
Rednecks are extremely clever and resourceful Americans. They take shit apart and put it back together for shits and giggles. If you ever need help with fixin' anything just find an American redneck.  Furthermore, if we get invaded or have a zombie apocalypse you should probably team up with some of them. "A country boy can survive" -Hank Williams Jr. .Edit: typo: "fixing" to "fixin'" - Thanks, user: kelctex
Hello, actual redneck here.  . is a synonym for . in American Standard Redneck.  As in, "I'm fixin' to go to the store, you want anything?"
This is why Daryl became the unplanned star of The Walking Dead.
They get shit because they don't insist on buying everything new, as though that's laughable in some way. There's nothing dumber than buying a tool, or something that serves a solely practical purpose,  based on looks.


There's a typo in here. It's "fixin".

Oh, I grew up in a redneck household, you wouldn't believe the amount of times I've asked to myself if something my family did was either stupid or genius. So much of their farming equipment was hand made, including their spray rig and a crane that can be pulled to wherever their equipment broke down at.
It's stupid if someone gets hurt.

My Dad and Grandpa also . like 12 years ago. I haven't been out on it though.

that's some garry's mod shit right there
*Pwong .Table..* Pwong.* Pwong.Two metal alien looking missle type things..* Pwong.* Pwong.Welded one metal cylinder to bottom of bench..* Pwong.* Pwong.Welded other metal cylinder to bottom of bench..Time for some machine guns and thruster rockets.
Needs more blue plastic barrels and bathtubs.
Do they still use it?
Also can we come over Saturday?
"Maaaaa, we're having the internet come by on Saturday"
Pls reply 
pls respond

Sure
What state do you live in? I could road trip.   Edit,  in fact I'm driving to DC from Boston beginning of August.   You east coast?   Fucking pontoon-party.  
You bring the biscuits and gravy, I'll bring the corned beef hash.
Nah that's some Minnesota hijinx if I ever seen it.
The boat is currently stationed in Florida. I live in NJ.


Those are pretty big crayons

Thanks
the wood has a real nice glossy finish
that's what she said
Fuck you! That looks awesome.

Right? I was like fuck it... I'll be a redneck now..I will do 
People confuse rednecks with white trash. There is nothing wrong with being a redneck. At times there are rednecks who are white trash but there are also plenty of middle class/upper class people who qualify as white trash. Ex: Kardashians 

my dad is a big corporate dude and hes a total redneck
rednecks help build and maintain America. They get their rednecks from working hard on construction and infrastructure projects.
Except...They aren't white. Even the last name is a dead giveaway
Armenians are white, dude.

Yes, but if he called them any other type of "blanktrash" he would be a Reddit Racist and downvoted accordingly.
Two quote Donald Glover: "Armenian girls are the black girls of white girls."

how is the last name a giveaway...armenians are generally considered white.

Armenia is in the Caucasus Mountains.  If anyone is Caucasian, it's Armenians, I suppose.

I don't think they are rednecks so much as they are geniuses... 

Ever been to the Midwest? Some of the most ingenious ideas ever have come from the most redneck people I know. My brother and his friends made a duck blind out of a 10,000 gallon diesel tank we had. They use large round stock tanks to float down the river, and I believe the original inventor of the koozie on a rope tied around the neck is my brother's best friend. I have also bore witness to the prairie dog fishing pole and a fantastic party barge made from expertly welded pontoons floating on old 55 gallon oil drums.
Yeah, who doesn't want to have a picnic on the water

Ants 
WRONG


I gasp in horror and fascination. 
What. The. Fuck.
They make a raft to cross flooded rivers and find new homes.
If you were wondering, they group together like this during a flood and because of their weight to size ratio they're not heavy enough to break the surface tension (I think that's why)..They just float like this until they land somewhere dry.
but if it takes to long the bottom layer drowns


Actually, fire ants have been known to flip that mass entirely over, so the submerged ants can have a chance to breathe.  Freaking genius.

I remember I saw one of these floating down a river slowly. Then I got a huge rock, and dumped it right on top of all of them.
You did the right thing
What a great story. Thanks for sharing. 
Genocide.

If I did that at least 7 of them would have splashed directly into my eyeball.
You monster.

Having grown up in The South, I can assure you the two aren't mutually exclusive. 
From a native Alabamian:  "You are correct, sir!"
I grew up in Alabama so I have to ask: Roll Tide or War Eagle?
Rednecks and rocket science. 


they may just be engineers, solvin' practical problems
Like what to do about that big mother hubber over there?
It's actually a pretty good design too, the pontoons are hydrodynamic and they even cut the legs to reduce drag.
not to mention how those pontools look professionally welded. so either they have a decent bit of disposable income or at least one of them is a machinist/career welder
ooooooor they just got them from a scrap yard off of a pontoon boat. Kinda like one (maybe two..cannot see it too well) that are pictured directly behind them..Boat hulls are dirt cheap, it is all the things that make them go forward that happens to be the expensive part.
Today, we salute you, Mr. Redneck aqua picnic boat creator..Boating regulations don't apply to you when you want to eat and beat the heat. No dogs, burgers, or beers will be consumed on land under your watch..People think you're crazy, but only you know that you're the sane man who understands the joy of eating brats and drinking Bud Light on a barely afloat, picnic boat..Your boat made of dingy and barely stable wood can repel rain, wind, snow, and even the bravest of beavers looking to chow down on your wooden boat, delicious burgers, and ice cold beer..So crack open another ice cold Budweiser Mr. Redneck Boat Captain, and crack open another for your redneck friend..Edit: . with the audio

Has <insert beer company of choice here> given you a job in their marketing department yet?

This should be a novelty account
Read that in the commercial narrators voice.  Epic, I wish I could give you gold for that.
Perfection.
This. Is. Fucking. Brilliant. 
Oh man I can hear the voices in my head. Do they still make these?
Best of material right here!
Someone record this and post it! Damn that was funny!

I miss those commercials so much. 

I summon thee .!
Did they stop making these? These had to be one of the best ad campaigns of all time.
I work at a tech support desk and make the mistake of reading this while sipping coffee...now the end user thinks his issue is so severe it both caused me to laugh while choking to death....worth it.
My god, props to you sir and your effort to sing like the guy in the real commercials
If I wasn't so damn broke I'd give you gold for this... I totally read this in the voice

one of the best decisions i ever made was to download a torrent of all these commercials and add them to my google music library. yeah. . in my google music library.

I remember one of my classmates burned a CD with all of them on it back in the day. I cherished it like no other.


Guess I won't be downloading that.
1 Seeder is all you need. 

Did you try it? I is only a 67mb file and now there are 2 seeders
Did it quickly. Hope you like it. .*Edit Holy shit my first gold!  Thank you random redditor! 
Anhueser-Busch, St. Louis, Missouri.

Incredible.
That is goddamn genius.
This belongs in 

Exactly.  I come from a redneck family that would be full of degreed engineers if they'd been presented with the right opportunities earlier in life.




I'd rent one.

You're goddamn right

I'm gonna start an . for shit like this
Subscribed!
Do it.

I was just about to comment on the ingenuity of red necks. They seem to be livin the life. While we work and buy stuff, they lounge and put their seemingly brilliant brains to leisure construction.
Southern engineering*
