The episode with Bender and Amy hooking up was, in my opinion, the worst episode of Futurama by far.  It was out of character for Amy, and it was sure as HELL out of character for Bender.  Worse yet, the whole reason they decided to write an episode where they said "to hell with accurate character portrayal" was to use the show as a platform for pushing their political agenda.  I've always hated it in any episode where they try shoving any sort of politics/religion/etc. down my throat.  Politics have no place in Futurama.
Because Fry broke down the barrier.  It was a Taboo and so no one really considered doing it, then someone does it in the open without shame and you reevaluate and sometimes overcome your prejudice.  That and Bender is a lovable scamp.
*lovable rascal
I thought he had referred to himself as a scamp too. We'll rascal works to. 
I just remember it from where the professor doesn't recognize him.
Which episode is this from?
I hate that fucking episode... :(
What is that, like 14 pixels?
It's from Naturama. I couldn't find any good screenshots online. :/
I used to own a copy of #129 (the 1987 "funny animal" special) and always found his inclusion interesting.

I want one!!
Shut up and take my money!
Pictures and a video on all 4 pages of linked forum
For your first performance, .!
Someone needs to make a bong like that.
Op be sure to post the link to the finished product when it's done...please

"The lower horn".Heeheehee
Not just anybody.
Really likes Daft Punk, doesn't he?
I think OP means that it speaks to us as humans and the way we introspectively look at ourselves and sometimes find it different form how others perceive us "Something missing." DEEP

This post brought to you by thompsons teeth, the only teeth strong enough to eat other teeth. Mmm dentalicous
I feel like I need to know why "When" is capitalized. 
Someone enlighten me, I'm dumb.
What is he missing?
Watch the latest episode
My guess is that OP originally titled it "When you notice something is missing," but then noticed something was missing from the title, and added "The mini heart attack." Just speculation.
We've got a frickin Sherlock here.
I think possibly the look on Benders face as he searches through his compartment
Ohhh, I thought he was looking at a camera or something. He's looking into himself. Now I get it...
Yea, took me a min.  I was looking for something missing from his face.
so.. when did bender get a neck?
He has always had one. Original series. .Season 3 episode 11 Insane in the Mainframe. 
He can remove his head. He must be holding it with one of his arms outside the shot ;)


Am I... Am I missing something? D:
This is the worst Futurama post ever.
I thought it was just ok. I really didn't care for the scooby doo part. The GI Zapp part was pretty funny, IMO, cause of Nixon's voice dubs. The silly purpleberry thing(?) was silly, and I will admit that the Bort thing made me laugh. Overall, not great. But it still had its laughs.
I wouldn't compare the newer seasons to the first five, but I find myself rewatching seasons 6 & 7 and laughing even though I thought some of the episodes were utter garbage when they aired (Reincarnation, Mobius Dick... most of season 6, actually). I am always taken aback when people comment that these episodes are among their favorites. Even though the show's humor feels a bit cheapened, it's still the same type of humor, and writers are still throwing us some golden episodes.  .Here's to hoping that they're saving the best episodes for last!
IMO the show hasn't changed that much and people's bias towards the new episodes comes from nostalgia of the old episodes (of course every episode is a disappointment when you compare it to luck of the fryish and other classics). It happens with everything: music, tv, fashion, etc. there will always be a core set that idealizes the series and its what everything that comes after is compare to..Futurama can also be quite specific on the jokes thy make. If you never watched the old scooby doo episodes, you probably didn't understand half the jokes or references in that episode. The same might be said about a non-new Yorker not understanding the jokes about old New York. 
I don't find the newer episodes bad by comparison, but to be lame in general, much like The Simpsons. The show now seems to revolve around everyone being a wacky character, and shooting off as many one liners as they can. If people like that sort of humor, then I truly envy them, but I really don't feel that the show's humor is the same.
I'm surprised to hear anyone say that.  I think the shows are completely brilliant. .You may be thinking they have some nerdy jokes, but there hasn't been any heart warming/wrenching eps like Jurrassic Bark, or the Leela Coma one...I disagree.Just last season, the Bots and the Bees was as hearth wrenching as Jurrassic Bark, or the one where Bender finds out he's defective, and the inspector No 5 gave up his job because of it. That was equally as heart warming as any other Furutama episode. Ever.Plus the newer episodes have current satire, not satire from a decade ago. The Eye phone episode easily better than 90% of the old stuff. .The recent one with miners trapped in the sun, starts off great, but takes a little bit of a stupid turn with the weird fire being, however Bender willing to stay in the north pole forever to save the human race shows growth, even for bender.  The show is still top notch, and I for one, am truly disgusted with Comedy Central.  They haven't advertised the show at all, and are  YET AGAIN cancelling it because the show only pulls in 1.7 million viewers, instead of the original 2.6?  HOw about you advertise more than one commercial.  A billboard maybe?  Fucking bus stops? Anything. .I'm going to be PISSED if no other network picks it up
I though the "Neuchahcos" episode from a year or two ago was pretty great. One of the better ones from the Comedy Central stint..And as someone else posted, the EyePhone one was pretty great too, funny and topical..But yeah, you don't have to like what other people like, just because they like it. There are lots of shows and movies that people go crazy for and that my reaction after seeing it is just "meh." Sometimes when that happens, I wonder if I am missing something, but eventually I just realize that it is just a difference of opinion and/or taste.
I'll say that I was underwhelmed by last nights episode, it did feel like family guy humor.
Cheap humor is better than no humor.
It just the evolution of the show. You can only do the same delivery routine for so long, and the story has to grow. I feel the newest episodes really explored the universe while adding in old nostalgic characters. It may seem crazier or a different humor, butt they were always about crazy people flying around space and doing random things thanks to GOOD NEWS! Sure not every episode is gold but many are entertaining and full of fanboy references with dozens of different genres. Every day someone finds a new nugget of info about an episode that we'll search for years to come
im having no luck viewing this image, any chance someone can give me an imgur mirror?  

thanks!

I grew up in the 80's and this was spot on for my Saturday mornings.  Best episode this season for me.
Loved it, GI zapp was the best part
i predict alot of memes from this ep
I loved the idea to start, but I think more could have been done regarding the changing of cartoons over the decades. If they had given reason as to why we went from the action packed/ commercialized toons to the current age of politically savy / often crude toons we have today then it would have been perfect.
any online links to watch the episode?
I enjoyed it, but I'm not sure I found any of the jokes landing for me (although the one about Original and Type 2 had me in stitches). I liked that they referenced the laugh track and The Professor repeating that he was going to steal the Purpleberry Puffs. Saturday morning cartoons were a staple of my childhood so it was pretty neat to see them parody Scooby Doo and G.I. Joe and did make you feel nostalgic. I like that they tried something new but I don't think it will be an episode I'll look back on when the show ends and want to go back and watch.  
The Scooby Doo parody missed a huge joke opportunity by not having Fred and Daphne (Hermes and Leela) go off by themselves to "search for clues" ..
I loved it. I lost it though out the entire episode. The Purple Berry and G.I. Zapp segments were hilarious. Especially when even Nixon thought Bender's Killa-ma-jig mutilating that A.C.R.O.N.Y.M soldier was too violent. The Names of the team were great such as Bender's and Amy's. And I liked how Zoidberg and The Professor were partners.
I was laughing for most of the entire episode
I feel like it's one of those episodes that will hit depending on if you like(d) the cartoon genres they are spoofing. I was never much of a Scooby-Doo fan and never liked the Smurfs and the like, so the first two segments kinda bored me. But I LOVED GI Joe when I was a kid and that segment had me crying from laughter. Especially the increasingly violent nicknames (Orphan Crippler being the highlight of the episode for me)
So the overall consensus is that we all really enjoyed the G.I Zapp editing segment, and that the other two were horrible but had a few decent one liners from time to time.
oh my god i loved it
Anything Nixon says is gold
Why did the professor look so weird in the first vignette?
Gi Zap made me laugh. The other 2 were garbage in my opinion. Well not garbage but disapointing. Not bad but not good would be fairer.
The episode did fall flat frequently but I think it will be one that I'd rewatch. It's
 light enough to have on in the background and doesn't require your full attention.
Very happy that it wasn't the finale. 
The GI Joe parody was worth sitting through the first-two segments. I thought the first two was lacking, compared to this season's pervious episodes.
bad like most of the other new episodes
I didn't even consider it particularly new given they did the same sort of three episodes in one thing last year. Though I think I'm just disapointed because I enjoy regular length one episode in one thing they do sometimes.
I hated the middle story of this episode with the purple berries. It made me so fucking annoyed.
First time in ages I've been disappointed in a Futurama episode. The only really funny part was the first half of G.I. Zapp..
I've thought this half-season was the best since CC picked them up again, so this was a real bummer.
The second Episode was superior to the first in my opinion and for the second episode The PurpleBerry was the best then GI Joe and last Scooby Doo.
They did it last year, and don't forget the Anthologies of Interest
This episode was Anthology of Disintrest - Not in love with that episode (I'll still watch it 3 times)

I enjoyed it for the animation style of each of the parodies and yes, they definitely incorporated several things from each of the shows, but ultimately, I didn't enjoy it as much as others did in this thread. .The Scooby-Doo one had several jokes that got me, but I didn't really laugh that much throughout. The Smurfs one felt a bit forced to me, though the repetition of stealing the berries by The Professor did get me eventually. The G.I. Joe one was definitely the most funny for me, but still, just a couple jokes here and there weren't enough for me to enjoy this episode..I definitely understood what the writers were going for here, but it just felt a little lackluster to me personally. 
I enjoyed it. It was a lot better than I expected. I think we'll see a lot of divisive opinions on this episode, like with "Reincarnation", since most of the humour is esoteric. .If you're not familiar with what they are parodying, then you probably won't . this episode. That being said, Purpleberry Pond dragged a little. I loved the other two segments though.
My problem with the episode was that all these jokes were old when i was a kid... Like oh shaggy might of been a stoner?  It felt like there wasn't a single ounce of originality. 
they went big on this one - the last segment nailed it to the point where i was almost hyperventilating from laughing so hard.  the first two were riskier on average, but i imagine a lot of that episode was derived from a perspective of "okay it's the last season, that might . be the last season, let's take this season to do a lot of the things we've always wanted to do." and doing a scooby doo cross-over was absolutely awesome and i'd love this episode just for the combination of seeing it + that the show's makers carried that out.  purple berries felt perhaps tediously poignant at specific points, but i really dug the bee sting gag amongst other things.  overall, loved that episode. gunna re-watch it asap, after watching dog soldiers.
The spoof of the animation in Scooby-Doo was a high point of the episode for me. Subtle little things like the dirty cel being moved to film the moving ship were hilarious to me. The missing arm in the final shot, the "use establishing g shot in every episode" gag was pretty funny. Those little things will make the episode worth the rematch for me.
I wasn't impressed at all..It felt like the first two segments weren't even trying to be Futurama. They were kind of doing their own thing, only they replaced the characters of the original show with the PE crew. This is why the GI Zapp part was by far the best to me; the dubbing gave it a bit of Futurama-esque humour that was seriously lacking until then. Even without the dubbing I reckon it could've held up reasonably well ("Did you prepare your parachute? Good, because I forgot mine.").But man, those first two acts really rustled my jimmies. Looking back, there was exactly one thing in each of those segments that amused me (The Professor continuously plotting to get the purpleberries over and over, and Leela attempting to pull Zoidberg's "mask" off (which was subsequently ruined by having his head bounce all over the damn place)).."Reincarnation" was much more broad than "Saturday Morning Fun Pit", which I think really worked in the former episode's favour. Old school animation, retro video games, and anime are three styles that are widely known even by people who don't care about them. But what exactly is somebody who's never seen Scooby-Doo or G.I. Joe going to get out of this episode? Jack all. And if it means anything, I used to watch a lot of Scooby-Doo back in the day yet found that segment the worst..Anyway, that's enough ranting. I hope the worst of the season is behind us now, because otherwise season 7 is quickly on track to becoming the worst yet for me.
Scooby Doo Parody: Was funny only because of the mocking of Scooby Doo's shitty animation and whatnot, especially the disappearing arm in the final laughing shot. Also, the Harlem Globetrotters was really clever, being common guest stars in both Futurama and Scooby Doo..Smurf Parody: It was amusing how they pointed out that they were basically just commercials for the cereal. Otherwise I didn't find it funny at all..G.I. Joe Parody: I found this consistently funny through out, I don't know why, just the incompetent censoring was pretty funny to me. Definitely the best sketch for me.
Non-canon episodes are usually pretty hilarious for me.
I was really nervous at first, since I compare episodes like these to anthology of interest, which I consider to be some of the best Futurama episodes. .I'm thrilled by how much I actually enjoyed this episode. The whole Scooby Doo bit was consistently funny and I love any globetrotter cameo. Then the commercial hamfisting in the 2nd act was decently funny..But most of all, the fact that the last 10 minutes were spent with Nixon attempting to censor over the top violence in GI Zapp is going to go down in the books as one of my favorite Futurama moments of all time. .I think it still isn't as good as the anthology of interest episodes, and the writing could have been stronger, but it certainly had its moments. 
Ready... Aim.... F..NEGOTIATE!
I think they're making terrible episodes so they won't come back this time.
I fucking loved it. It had so much nostalgia in it that you just can't help but smile and appreciate the childhood you had. I loved it especially with the scooby-doo mini-episode. It pointed out the obvious and just made you remember the times you watched the show. 
The Scooby Doo episode had its moments, but I didn't really care for the Smurf parody. Once the G.I. Joe portion started, I thought it was going to be another "Reincarnation" disappointment, but G.I. Zapp was hilarious! 
It was a strawberry shortcake parody.
To be honest, I have no idea what that shit even is.
It was great!! But wasn't the headless body of Agnew killed by Lrrr a few episodes ago?
The second to last clone of agnew.
I'm pretty sure the episodes aren't playing in the order they made them.
one of several as I understood it.
Oh, does he have duplicates? I must've missed that part. 
That's what I thought I heard lemme go watch it real quick.Edit: Yep: 4 minutes into the episode. Head of Nixon: "He killed my second to last Agnew!"... so he has one Agnew left if this is to be believed
Awesome. Thanks man.
hey no problem, sober or drunk me is happy to help. At this point, it's the latter me. Earlier it was the former.
I also have to say that Hermes as Fred was quite unsettling.
ORPHAN CRIPPLER! The look on Nixon's face when it was The orphan crippler's turn to kill one of the soldiers was absolutely hilarious.
I hope Orphan Crippler gets his own spinoff comic.
First two: meh.G.I. Zapp: 10/10 my sides are in orbit
Exactly how I felt about it. That G.I. Zapp part was easily one of the best things I've seen on the show for in awhile. 
I personally thought it was genius, so much about those Saturday morning cartoons I never really thought about but were hilarious to satirize
Edit: was not expecting Nixon's edit to be so great!
"Now you know something!" would make a great gif
Really didn't like it.
That was honestly one of the funniest episodes in my opinion!
Yeah funniest this season for sure by far.
My problem with this season was the ordering. I think that because of the expectations the first episodes didn't seem that good. If the firs episode was later in the season I think people would have really liked it. 
I thought that episode was terrible,  only thing close to a laugh for me was when they destroyed the kindergarten.
I partially agree. I think they had the right concept, but the writing wasn't as strong as it could have been, which is a shame, although it had its small moments. I don't want to compare it to the 3 mini-story episodes that The Simpsons have done over the years such as the Treehouse of Horror ones for Halloween or various other special occasions, but it reminded me of one of those types of episodes. In those cases, at least in recent years, I find myself smirking but never laughing out loud at those types of episodes. Maybe they thought it would translate well in the Futurama universe too and for the most part it did but not without some loss in writing quality. 
Mini-story parody episodes can still be as funny as regular episodes, and Futurama had done them before it was cancelled the first time. The wizard of oz parody is an example. The problem I have with "new Futurama" is that the characters no longer have their own personalities (Fry, the loser, Bender, the narcissist, Zoidberg, the coward, ...) This is especially true for the purpleberry pond story, as the characters are all interchangeable. 
Is this the first example of reverse Flanderization? 
Agreed, I'm surprised at all of the positive comments. I struggled to make it to the end of the episode, just awful. 
The ending was watchable, but yeah over all it was terrible. These jokes were old in the 80's...
I can't tell if people here are being sarcastic..I didn't even think it was watchable.  It was one of the worst episodes of all time and I love Futurama.  All they did was annoying imitations.  The nixon one with the overdubbing was alright for a bit but that joke got old fast.
The last couple of episodes have been in part, a nice return to the story-driven and adventurous Futurama i love. But this was just horrible. I don't understand why they just can't stick it out with trying to conclude the story in a decent manner now that we know it's ending soon.
I've liked all these episodes but I can understand your criticism. Personally I don't think they should be doing this since its the last season. We should be getting more plot and character development. Parodies and different animation styles are okay, but not on the last season. 
Thank you. It felt like they aren't even trying to be even funny. 
If this is how the rest of the season is going to be I'm ready for it to be over. Just awful. BTW I hated scooby doo as a kid so it made it that much worse.
I felt they stopped trying. I was at first looking forward to it, being an 80's kid and growing up on those cartoons. However the Scooby Doo parody was so elementary at times that I wanted to just turn it off..It's just time I think.
I didn't like the strawberry shortcake spoof (?)  The scooby doo parody was ok. GI zapp was fucking hilarious.
The thing with GI Zapp is that it's not a straight take on GI Joe. 
By itself, turning the mild, cartoonish action of GI Joe into ultra-violence would have been good parody..But making Nixon censor it, that was brilliant.
It was a Smurfs parody.
I think it may have been a bit of both. I dont recall the heavy implementation of adverts in smurfs and I'm guessing that is the strawberry shortcake portion.
No, that was a .. 
I got a slight smurf's vibe at first too but the prof was definately the Strawberry short cake 
Well then it was both, I guess.
I remember there being a cereal with Smurf-berries.
BORT
Is this a random thing or it comes from somewher?
Consistently laughed on this. It wasn't the best episode, but it wasn't a bad one.
It could be random, but it relates to 
You have to admit "I don't know which I like better, original or type II!" Was just a bit funny
Yeah that was good joke. Maybe it was because I never watched strawberry shortcake growing up.
Neither did I but I do remember all those cereal commercials trying to be a part of a balanced breakfast haha
And all the tons of extra food that they always had with the bowl. Who has milk . orange juice for breakfast? Those don't sit well together in the stomach.
I can't breathe. 
I just lost it all at "Beam me up Scotty."
That concludes the Futurama & Friends Saturday Morning Fun Pit! Now stay tuned for 6 hours of golf!
The entire Nixon editing bit was genius. Haven't laughed while watching Futurama for a while now, but that had me in stitches.."Yay, I caught it".
"... do we have any machinery to edit tape?" "You know we do!"
the funniest moment for me was during the scooby doo parody when they showed the hall of doors and no one came out
"But kabuki theaters don't have projectors!" "... Some do."
Or the larry bird part, "hi, this is larry bird, I saw the script and don't want to voice any of this, but thank you", that part killed me..Also, is it legal for them to use that? Or did they have to get his consent first.
Larry bird received a voice credit, so he probably actually recorded the line for this episode. .The line itself is probably a comment on the quality of the writing for celebrity guests on Scooby Doo.  
Yeah he actually recorded it in the studio. There's a picture of him that the staff took floating around somewhere.
We all thought of this, but the reason I didn't post anything is because they aren't very similar. One is sealed capsules going thousands of miles per hour in a vacuumed tube -- the other is individual people being sucked through a tube.

Well, I first saw this thing on a cracked article about things in Futurama that we could soon invent. The problem with this thing is that it has no emergency failsafe because engineers can't find a safe way to stop a whole line of capsule going thousands of miles per hour without inertia killing/ seriously injuring their passengers.
Good news everyone...
*immediately
how about 
how did they predict the stopping mechanism for the tubes? .While it wont create a failsafe; if they are able to implement stops periodically through out the tube and each capsule "jumps" from one station to another and awaits a signal from the next that the tube is clear and intact.
Yes, but that would take a . lot longer. This isn't for entertainment like a water slide. These things travel over a thousand miles per hour and, to reduce costs of building and operating, would span vast distances between each station. With waiting for it to clear out before shooting the next person out, it would be too expensive for an average person to use..Thus it would be a "continuous" departure, like a train. Time to board and time to depart. They need to be launched with high power, high velocity mechanisms, such as magnetic launch pads, so building many stations is a bit expensive..If an emergency occurs, the pods won't be able to slow down in time, with the current design, so this tube transportation system has yet to been built. 
Here is what the linked meme says in case it is blocked at your school/work or is unavailable for any reason:. | 
Why downvote? This transcription is technically correct, as we all know that IS the best kind of correct.
There should have been an episode written talking all about these tubes and mis adventures 
Haha I like it.
It's why si-fi shows are so accurate! Because they actually think of things that would work in the future! 
Well, the way the tubes in Futurama work are completely different still.
they're a still? thats a lot of alcohol.
You and everyone else, pal. =)
Braille Transcription for the blind: .              /      :
Blind people really don't need this, right? I mean, we got digital narrators.
I'm not blind nor do I read brail but I want a device to be made that can use this and create real brail.
Why?
No idea it was automatic.

Sorry but I'm not 100% sure on what technologies blind people use. How about blind and bad hearing people? Will they be,edit from this? 
Braille is raised so the blind can . the raised dots... get it?
I was thinking of . smartass.
Huh, never knew about those... TIL.Now I feel like a jackass...
_
What episode is this from?
Last night's episode: Saturday Morning Fun Pit (7ACV19).This screenshot is from the 3rd act.
Wha?.

Let me Google that for you only works if I was asking you what the word was.  It doesn't even make any sense because I have no idea what a fucking yakitori facing whatever the fuck you said it was is.  Way to explain your post in the most dickish way possible.  
Yeah, I guess that was a dick move, but the Imgur album name is "Yaranaika Face"; I thought everyone would see it.
it doesnt tell you the imgur album name when i was using alien blue.
What is this game? I've never heard of it.. But now I'm instantly intrigued. 
It is a game on steam. And basically you play God with all the universe: creating and destroying, changing, freezing time, speeding up time, ect...  But it is a game that takes real physics into account. For example, if you change the sun to a black hole... Well you know the rest.
Bravo, bravo! And now I sort of want the game.
I picked this up for a couple bucks the other day.  Haven't played it yet but looking forward to having some fun.
I changed the sun into a black hole, and the Earth kept slingshotting away from it each time it got close. I felt like a failure of a god. Or at least a failure of a demon.
This sounds amazing, I might have to start up my steam account from years ago to try it out. Does it require anything more than an old specc'd computer?
 This free program simulates the observable universe and allows you to fly around in it. Yes I said universe.
Nope
Thanks for posting this amazing looking game. I will download it when I have the time! !!
The game is called Universe Sandbox and it was on sale the other day for like 4 bucks. I didn't think to do this. Well done OP.
Op said he didnt do it.
Well if you replace the sun with a black hole with the same mass nothing should change...
well.. except the weather
Oh yes. Might get a bit cold...
I see five frys, 50 benders, 100 zoidbergs (cuz why not zoidberg), 1 hot leela, 19.5 ugly leelas, 1 male leela, and 1 white Hermes showing up to this. Just a guess
I'm glad I could help, I love both shows. That episode is fantastic because Burns walks away thinking he's invincible.
You are thinking of a Simpsons episode. Mr. Burns goes to the Mayo Clinic leaving Homer and the family in charge of the mansion. The Doctor at the clinic explains the door jam reference to Mr. Burns. 
I call it Three Stooges Syndrome....
Move it Chowdah Head!
Thank you very much!
I don't know why, but something about a bunch of bacteria being squished together in a doorframe is just adorable. I didn't even remember the context, let alone which TV show it was from.
Kudos to you my friend.
I started watching this show back during it's original run and have watched the series many times since then. I also just caught this joke recently, so don't feel bad. 
The picture was large and I didn't scroll, I spent a good couple minutes trying to figure out what happy o'zorgan was referencing.......this is officer One-doom-as reporting for duty
Sorry hate to be the one who doesn't get it, anyone cares to explain? 
[deleted]
I searched around for this image or any reference to the joke but could find none. Wouldn't have posted this if it was already around.
Your "repost" comment is a repost.
I can't believe it. It took my brain a little bit before I thought about saying it fast. At first I was just focusing on the numbers and letters themselves. Took about two minutes to catch on. Apparently my brain is running on backup power today.
But her eye is the opposite of beady
Took me a minute..Boo 
..Or you could have it on in the forwardground and pay attention to it... and.. like... catch it? Because it's the easiest damn thing to catch? ...Seriously, did anyone miss this? =\
THE HIVE MIND DEMANDS CLARIFICATION ON THIS COMEDY
One Beady Eye
THE HIVE MIND IS SATISFIED WITH THIS EXPLANATION AND GRANTS YOU THE UNIT REFERRED TO AS UPVOTE
If you sound it out phonetically it is "One (1) Beady (BD) Eye (I)" 
Thanks ! Much clearer now
One be the eye? One beady eye?
I've seen that episode so many times, and heard that line and never got it! I knew there was something to it but it just ALWAYS flew over my head. Thanks for posting! 
.......(i dont get it).
This is almost the first joke made in the show, how did you not catch it?
Sometimes our minds just skip obvious things?
One beady eye. 

why are you subscribed to animal porn?
1BDI = "one beady eye"
Oh ok, heh thanks.
because I'm a sick fuck who derives pleasure from high-quality pictures of animals
oh sorry I thought it was some bestiality shit
Youve been here a year and are just finding out about the sfw porn network! 
to be fair . sounds a lot worse than . 
What about 
That was one of the first jokes I remember from the show when I started to watch it all those years back. 
We'll be there in 5 minutes. 

I don't want to sound like a jerk or anything, but if you missed this joke from episode one, you should probably just go ahead and watch them all over again anyway..Any excuse to watch them all over again is a good one in my book.
What is it about futurama reruns? I could literally watch the first four seasons everyday, they never get old 
Letting someone know they should rewatch Futurama is the opposite of being a jerk! Just for that, you must pay the penance and rewatch the entire series yourself. 
My son was probably about five when they came on Adult Swim, so that's when he first saw them.  The little one is probably too young to get a lot of the jokes, but I don't think she'd have a problem with the aliens.  She's two and a half and has been watching Adventure Time for a while and there's a lot scarier stuff on that show..But I do worry that Bender might be a bad influence.  After all, they did an entire episode about how he shouldn't be on television.  :)
Don't be a F.A.R.T. er! (Fathers Against Rude Television)
HAHAHA!!  I'm usually the one who exposes them to it in the first place.  Why let television teach them to be rude if I can do it so much better.  :)
Don't worry about Bender being a bad influence, after all, John Dimaggio is also Jake the Dog
I agree. Who couldn't love this series?
My brother... But I have no brother....
...anymore.
Not since the accident.. 
"."
Its a series that just gets better everytime you watch it.
She also lives in apartment 1I.  "The old me would have made a joke about that. "
Reddit is not the center of the universe moron.
EXTRA EXTRA READ ALL ABOUT IT:  JURASSIC BARK IS THE SADDEST EPISODE OF ALL TIME!
Your right, I am.
Best site for any tv show really. 
If you want to watch illegal streams, a quick Google job will do the trick..
US iTunes, a legal alternative, allows you to buy new Futurama episodes just hours after air..EDIT: Format.
Paid but legal: Netflix, Itunes, Amazon .Free but illegal: watchcartoononline, project free TV, watchseries.Don't forget to have adblock plus on if you use a free site.
Project free tv
netflix
He said new episodes.
oh sorry
Are you new to the internet?
Just google watch futurama online and click on the first link.
If you don't know how to do that, here:

I love watch series
Or streamallthis.ch
Also movie4k.to
It's a CARTOON you stupid motherfucker.
a bit aggressive but valid point
[deleted]
This is like asking where anything is in Springfield. 
unnecessary
Somebody sure is cranky.
There's no reason to believe New New York has the same layout as Old New York.
Layout aside, its a continuity issue that bugs me .... same building cant be in two locations at once!
Well since they went forward in time its already 6 feet lower
well you say you were "under the impression" it was in the upper west of NNY but was there any actual proof that's where they were? (if so i apologize).the map seems like the only concrete evidence of their location.also, valid point brought up by BOBBmmmmmm(can you tag ppl) that NNY could have a totally different lay out. it was built on top of Old NY so they could have easily changed the layout
In the future
you win!
One of these:
. (basically, anything from the "Roswell That Ends Well" episode).I couldn't find my favorite clip though, the one where fry meets zoidberg for the first time.
there's a short montage in the episode "bender should not be allowed on tv" where bender is basically being an asshole to people on calculon's soap opera. my favorite part of the montage is when bender spits his cigar in some guys face, the cigar bounces off the guy's face and lands back in bender's mouth. always cracks me up..
There are so many. Fry's moments of stupidity are classic. "No I'm...doesn't.".Also, I don't know what they're trying to say about him, but when I watch the Were-Car episode I always laugh when Calculon describes his past identities. "I was all of history's great acting robots. Acting Unit 0.8, Thespo-Mat, David Duchovny!" It makes me chuckle every time. 
When Fry has to pretend he is with both Leela and Amy and gets in a jam, then he tries to figure it out by singing the theme song to Three's Company. 
The grumpy snail.
"He's . grumpy!!"

Those that come to mind are:."Phil came in right, strummed out this tune yeah" in Luck of the Fryish.The Grunka Lunka song (armed guards).And the legdendary "Acting talent!".The Grunka Lunkas especially crack me up every time. 
"we.. resemble but are legally distinct.. from the lollipop guild, the lollipop guild.." best lyric ever. also the jingle they made up to sell popplers.
The ending to "Leela's Homeworld"
Made my laugh so hard milk came out my nose 
Zapp Brannigan: .Edited to add YouTube winnage.
Coilette saying "Men love it when you really glob it on" while applying lipstick. I dressed up as Robert Smith for an 80s themed party and kept drunkenly applying lipstick and saying that all night long. 
she's built like a steakhouse, but she handles like a bistro!
You win again, gravity!
Bender honey we love you 
Shut baby I know it!!
in fact, if someone were able to make a .gif of that I would be forever grateful..
Also: .Mom (I think): "Don't be an idiot!".Fry: "I'll be whatever I wanna do!"
Jiffy! 2:34-2:36
You have to put the YouTube link in the comment as well.
ahh.Jiffy! 2:34-2:36. 
I like how you replied instead of edited. I hope this becomes a trend
Cool toy but $40 seems a bit excessive! I'll have to think about that one!
Not gonna lie... that sideways baby face freaked me out. 
Thank you for not telling us to upvote, that shit is getting annoying... I need one of these for my offiALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD
Pretty sure that was the limited vinyl figure from 2012 San Diego Comic Con.  At least thats where I saw one similar.  
I have been looking for a Hypnotoad to put on the top of my TV. Where can I acquire one of these?
I see Hypnotoad has found you too..
Look out! There's a giant baby about to attack hypno-toad!
Well that made me fucking jump away from my phone.
YOU MUST UP VOTE HYPNO TOAD!
I would say that he was a frog. Toads have lumpy skin and frogs are smooth. He just hypnotized people into thinking he is a toad.
Good... good.  Everyone needs to buy one.
Wow I use the exact same diapers and my son loves that toy in the background, small world
Go easy on the crack
That's cool, but I'm not sure if I can spend that much on something so- ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD.
Buy here .I'm also placing him randomly throughout my house to mess with my wife
Do the eyes pulsate?
They are those "3d" cards which change when you move.
From that url, I thought it was 45 inches tall.
$30? What a rip...ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD
Too bad it's $40.00, I wouldn't even pay $30.00, maybe ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD
Who needs a hypnotoad when brain slug planet is so nice this time of year. I am giving free tickets to all of reddit as long as you do not wear a hat. 
That's not even very impres ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD
Really this joke is so...ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD
Really guys are you going to do this? It's so over us-ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD
All glory to the hypn... ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD
Hypnotoads not even coo.....ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD
Ok, guys we get the joke, it's not even......ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD
C-C-C-C-C-COMBO BREA--- ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD
ALL GLORY TO THE- ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD
C'mon guys can you really be upvoting a licensed prod...ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD...
Bet you cant guess what i'm about to sa... ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD

Gwobal wubba?!?
Man... that quote is butchered. .Gore: "As I discuss in my book Earth in The Balance, and the much more popular Harry Potter and the Balance of Earth, we need to defend our planet against pollution... as well as dark wizards.".Evil Wizard: "Sure, blame the wizards."
Putting a screencap of the wizard when he wasn't the one speaking makes this confusing. 
The only thing i was trying to quote was the sure blame the wizard line. 
i like how the wizard looks like the Tim from The Holy Grail haha
Braille Transcription for the blind: .              /      :
Here is what the linked meme says in case it is blocked at your school/work or is unavailable for any reason:. | 
How useful!
"Take this, and that, and one of these"
Limited time offer; 3x the punchline! Title, image, and comment! Order now!
"I'll always remember you, Fry...MEMORY DELETED."
TIL if you rearrange the word spine you can make PENIS!
I loved it great intro too.
(Gasp) 
Zoidthulu 
"We kept saying 'one more can't hurt' and then they were gone. We're sorry!"
Bullshit. They are just trying to hoard anchovie oil!
... I am in. 
what if i don't have one gillion dollars to buy anchovies.could i just write angry emails 
2600 Colorado ave. Santa Monica CA. 90404
I commented here
Is this for real?
I believe so
Why are you sending them to MTV Networks?
That is a good question. Sending them directly to Viacom (which owns both MTV and Comedy Central) might be more productive.
Got a source?
Fuck source obviously believe OP.
I wish he would bloody answer! My brother loves Futurama and I wasn't going to tell him unless it was true but he found the paper I wrote the address on and now he's excited and planning a box to send!.DAMMIT, OP!
Don't do that. It's just rude. It won't help.
Just... don't
Let it die with dignity. I don't want nor need another Simpsons that drags on forever, long past the point when it should have gracefully stepped aside.
Too late.
Cmon, it's been great so far. 
It really hasn't, the only episode this season that actually felt like a Futurama episode and not a Simpsons episode was the last one..Personally I think the reason it may have gone downhill is because the writers have become aware of the Futurama memes and are trying to cater to a different audience, they cram the episodes full of stupid references for the lowest common denominator..Seriously, an Ipad episode? Leela and Amy dressing up in skimpy costumes? Discussions about Leela's breasts? The show has changed, and not for the better.
Says who? That's a pretty bold statement.
The dog! I knew it! I clicked this anyway and I knew it! 
Goddamned Jurassic Bark episode..Whenever I see Bender starting the episode off with his magic trick, I can find the remote and change the channel quicker than I ever have..[EDIT] If it wasn't obvious enough, I refuse to watch that episode.
i am ashamed to admit this but i literally cried at the end of jurassic bark
Do people really cry watching TV? I don't understand.
It's called empathy. Sometimes a friend tells me a story so sad I cry when I hear it, same goes when you read a story or watch a story. If you lack empathy you have the . of being a ..
Haven't cried since childhood. I'll look into that.
I barely browse this sub and I'm pretty sure I've seen this about four times
I wish I could go a month without seeing this somewhere
stop reposting, we have all seen it
Yes
Followed by Leela's line thanking Gilgamesh for Fry's safety.
The fuck is up with the dogshit and cigarette? If anything it should be dark matter balls and a ham roast..You make no sense, explain yourself.
Sweet OF hoodie.
BENDER!
Another good quote: 
"Who could I possibly hurt with these scissors? There not even sharp!"
"The yarn people of Nylar 4!".And who can forget."Tell my wife...hello"
Hundreds of pictures of us watching futurama (Happy) and not watching it (sad)
We need Lrrr from the planet Omicron Persei 8 to threaten the Comedy Central execs.
just send them pizzas to I.C,weiner
It's really not that hard to find.
We should send them a bottle of Torgo's Executive Powder to remind them of what happens to people who cancel Futurama.
I love Futurama, but Comedy Central didn't give it the budget it deserved. They're a cable channel and not a major network so it's understandable, but the low budget brought on a little stale writing and the show didn't really hit it's stride the third time around. If someone picks it up again, I hope they actually dedicate a decent budget to it.
It has to be iconic to the show, yet simple. What long-running jokes or really fan-favorite episodes are there? .Or we can send in Nibbler shit
Like . said, Anchovies.
Look I love futurama. But I think we need to let it go. It had a good run, maybe the actors want to move on to something else.
I disagree. Quoth .:.I believe either Phil LaMarr or Maurice LaMarche (damn they're easy to confuse) stated somewhere on his Facebook that he and the other actors love to work on Futurama and really want to continue it somehow..So I believe that letting it go is the wrong thing to do.
I'm actually kind of worried about how it'll end this time. I mean, could there have been a better final episode than "The Devil's Hands are Idle Playthings"?
I agree. I thought the movies were really hit or miss, and none of the new seasons have lived up the original. I can randomly put on an episode from the first 4 seasons and know I'm going to be laughing from start to finish. The current season is actually pretty good so far but it's just not the same, the characters act like what the writers think the characters should act like instead of just writing the characters naturally but that's just what happens when you re-start a show, it's more self-conscious. Not to mention I think the show is worse off with less censorship, the pot and sex jokes are funny sometimes but it just doesn't feel right most of the time, sometimes constraints help a show..TL;DR The original run of Futurama is one of the best shows ever, the movies and the new seasons have their moments but just aren't the same. 
no
at this point we either let it go with some dignity, give it the love it deserves and don't kill it..killing it wouldn't be letting it end, it would be running it through the mud and (robot) hell by keeping it going.
Thank you.
Anchovies 
YES! PERFECT! Anyone else like this idea?
The LiveMeme Transcription:
Anyone ever realize Utah says "Human Farm"?
So New New York expands all the way into Connecticut? Nice, looks like planet express is located in Norwalk 
god dame it if only my friend told me got front page on mapporn sooner then i could have x-posted it here
It expands into those parts that think they're New York already (Norwalk included)
Missing the lost city of Atlanta!
Woohoo Ohio Survives!
Where is the full map?
You forgot  Roboklahoma
Isnt the world under us rule in futurama. 
Nope, they're "Earthicans."
There is a president of earth. In the one episode nixon runs for president and they said that nobody can run for president twice. Then nixon says "no body." I take this to mean he becomes the president of the US which is now all of earth
East WV. I like that... although the news would still probably call it Eastern Virginia or something.
What are the orange/purple lines?
Purple line is Bender and Beck on tour and the orange line is all the other main characters following them in a van.
No Roswell, New Mexico? Strange.
yay for the unlabeled Delaware
good thing Canada is still our hat
I wish they would have done the whole map, I'd be interested to see what they would put for the southern states.
As a West Virginian I'm glad Virginias all like SORRY YOU SECEDED LET US BACK IN 
To be fair the east side is kind of Ucky. 
Very cool. Anyone got the sources for these places though? I remember a couple from the show but not a lot of them.
It looks to be assembled from screen grabs.
I'm excited to live in what will one day be eHio. I hope it's a good "e".
Milwaukee still exists as Milwaukee (the most romantic city on earth)
I thought it was just New Jersey.
Yup, Fry says "New Jersey" in "Hell is Other Robots."
By how the cut off map lays it looks like Alaska is now part of mexico. Baja even lines up.
I think I laughed too hard at the Wyoming joke.  
Well everyone knows that West Virginia is the Best Virginia anyway. It's only a matter of time until they become East West Virginia. 
Atlanta still exists. It just relocated to the bottom of the ocean.
What is with the blue line going from Bridgeport to jersey? 
You fancy other states and your high resolutions. Everything's better in 24-bit Colorado.
My sister has never liked it when I told her she lived in East West Virginia. Now I have proof! 
So Lake Ontario is going to swallow Toronto... :(
What about Gary, Indiana?
Gary Indiana 
Gary Indiana 
Gary Indiana
Let me say it once again! 
Also Milwaukee ("birthplace of beer goggles").
The most romantic city in the world.
Thats right we made Virginia WV's bitch
As someone who likes particle physics, Muontana made me chuckle.
Montanan here. Had to use Google to know why that was funny. 
Lazy person here, why is it funny?
Muons are a type of subatomic particle. There's no additional joke, it's just a science terminology reference.
i don't think you'd get it, it's a little too quarky for you
I think its the episode where Bender becomes paralyzed and joins Beck in a tour 
"Bendin in the Wind" S3E13 for those curious. 
I love how they split Pennsylvania.
Realistically, New Jersey is more likely to split north to south, whereas Pennsylvania would probably split east to west.
I love USER ID: aho
XORegon...haha
XOR is a boolean algebra operation also used in digital logic circuits.
you forgot Space Taxachusetts
San Andreas Gorge is a nice touch.
I think that says San Adreas Gorge.
So it does.
What about the lost city of Atlanta???
I think it's just a delta hub.
Looks like I'm lost along with it
Near the center of the atlantic ocean. It's the logical place for fish to congregate.
So we're in international waters?
The goose has nested, I repeat, the goose has nested.
Hey, guess what you're accessories to?
Washingtron very subtle 
Nice catch since half was cut off
As it should be... lost.
My favorite is Sylvania and Penn Republic. Just like Czechoslovakia.
Funny because I've always wished Pennsylvania were just called "Sylvania".  It's so much prettier sounding!  I've heard that William Penn wanted to name it "Sylvania" but he was forced to put his name in front because King Charles said he needed to put his own name in the name of PA.
That part of the map has bothered me.  Having lived in both Pitt and Philly, I'm pretty sure that state is ready to rip itself in half east-west.
proud resident of the Penn Republic!  those Sylvanians MAKE ME SICK
Me too! Long live the Penn Republic! 
Interestingly, Czechoslovakia was formed in Pittsburgh, PA. 
Thanks, I didn't know that. 
you have to include a backslash ("\") just before the in-URL closing parenthesis (")") so it looks like .and not like .Reddit syntax will break some wikipedia links without it so be wary.
Good to see that Washington switched from Direct Current to Alternating Current.
And consumed Maryland in the process.
For the record - the Alienese where Utah is translates to Human Farm.
Well, the Space Pop is an alligator, so I guess that makes sense.
I think Human Ranch is more appropriate 
Doing Robot Jesus's work there, son..Also, I can't tell if the fact that Utah's been co-opted and redefined by an outside force is a Mormonism reference or not.
I'm going the Mormon hieroglyphics route. 
Quick dig up ole Joe Smith to read them for you.
WTF is with this reddit shit?
Just because you spend your entire life here doesn't mean everyone does.
Jurassic Bark makes me cry every time I see it.
Looks like you're just going to have to drink some beers.
Just don't let them get ahold of anchovies. Because they are disgusting.
They are really good and very under-rated. The artists and writers also often visit comicons so you can get them signed. 
"I'm petting mine down to the bone"
I found a mailbox in my hometown with the name Farnsworth on it. You don't know how badly my shy self wanted to ring that doorbell.
Farnsworth you say!
You know that a broke named Farnsworth invented the TV.
So this is how it begins
Perhaps you are scruffys great great grandpa. 
Fry has been frozen for over 13 years by now.
but not his brother...fry is the uncle
this would explain my mustache.
and here's where I keep assorted lengths of wire
Came here to say the same thing.
Tell him to quit nasturbating to my gf bro, before el Zoid fucking cuts you! 
You want tranny porn? Why not Zoidberg?
Her*
Is that a penis?
Surf and turf?
Plot twist: its ops drawing...
That would be the most romantic thing anyone could say to me
What if someone said they wanted to tickle your ovaries?
i literally said this to my girlfriend yesterday, she turned to our newborn and said "It's ok hun, daddy is weird."
This will be my new phone background. 
I've always thought the animation of Futurama was appropriately simple, but that they did space really well.
I'd love a good quality image for pc
I used it anyway... my favourite episode.
They'd have to buy me dinner first
This is probably one of my most used Futurama quotes. Bender is great, oh Bender is great.
That scene was always one of my personal favorites in the series. Just something about a surly, drunken robot drifting through space playing piano for eternity....I would love to see a vector of that scene so I can use it as a wallpaper.
The only thing that keeps me sane is the thought that I have all eternity in which to perfect my art.
This is my favorite futurama episode. While I love Roswell That Ends Well I believe this should have won the Emmy. It's brilliant. 
". When you do things right, people won't be sure you've done anything at all."
*When
Thank you, sir. 
Ah the pity, to be thusly boned.
FOCUS!

I'm sure I posted it to here at an earlier date, but I don't think the user history goes back that far..EDIT: 
Bender: "Do you know what I'm going to do before I do it?".God: "Yes.".Bender: "What if I do something different?".God: "Then I don't know that.".Dialogue (and episodes) like this is what makes Futurama truly special. .If you do things right, people won't be sure you've done anything at all. 
If anyone is curious, the song Bender plays on the piano during this scene is Chopin's Polonaise in C Minor, Opus 40, No. 2.
I love how the plot of that new film "Gravity" is essentially this premise. 
I'd be jealous as a music person that he just picked up the piano like that and started playing but he is a robot so I bet it's a built in program. I wonder if Bender is installed with Finale (TM)?
Nah, the fact hes screwing up and getting mad proves hes got Sibelius installed. 
HA, Sibelius sucks so bad. Could not figure out the damn thing at all. I think I used it for 20 minutes before I set my computer on fire and wrote the sheet music by hand for simplicity's sake.
Data learned to tap dance in like 45 seconds.
Better than smashing your only form of entertainment with a candelabra 
Poor little guy starved to death.
Looks like he's about to give that woman a good bending
Kind of reminds me of The Masked Unit too.
He seems to have been a lot more helpful. 
Bender's grandpa was a robosexual?
Robo-Gonorrhea, the noisy killer! What a hell of a line to write, huh? This paints a picture with a sound in it, with a finglonger pointing at some kinda buggin' like a balloon when something bad happens. Bloop.
He was a robosexual BEFORE it was cool!
but he's a robot, it doesn't make sense to say he's a robosexual, he'd need a word to mean human, so he'd be a homose... forget it.
. So, as far as I am concern, that is the gospel truth. .EDIT: Spelling
Jurassic Bark makes me cry every time I see it.
function doesn't terminate - dick stuck in infinite loop
All I can see is the formatting from Cisco's IOS's Acess Lists!...I gotta get out the house more...
When I was in highschool I was heavy into programming. I hung this on my door for my bedroom. 
What horrible programming
I cross stitched this and put it by my front door. The ex, however, took it when he left. :(
I'm deeply sorry for your loss.
Related: Anyone else remember Gortek Teaches Commodore BASIC?
Now Im stuck in a loop. 
Load "*",8,1
Load "$",8,1
Load .press play on tape drive. .Wait 30 mins to an hour. 
Some games gave you a minigame to play while loading. And now there are games that run in full 720p and 3D objects and load in ~5 seconds on my $400 laptop w/no dedicated gfx.
Infinite loops are bad. Does bring back memories of programming BASIC though.
It's unbelievable how many people apparently haven't noticed this. I'm not making fun of them or anything, but that's a big part of the wall in this scene.
That's what I'm laughing at, its a shot where its centered and taking up more than 50% of the view, and clearly written in words in front of you... how can you not notice "this", like it's some hidden gem.
It's not about blind deaf or dumb. In the first go around with the series my wife kids and I must have been looking away or something. Either way - I thought it was really clever. Hence, really something we never noticed before. We still have a working TRS-80 and C64 so there was family recognition of the code and that made it even more fun. anyway, cheers!
Needs a loopback counter, otherwise it will say this for infinity.
So basic.
Do you have an extra goto 10 line? I said get out of here! 
Yes, I programmed it in for you. Four millionlines of BASIC!
Roughly equivalent to 300 lines of Python...or 8 lines of Perl.

I reproduced this cross stitch last year: ..  The frame doesn't do it justice!
Awesome
Thats great, was it difficult? (ie, could a non-stitcher do it fairly easily?) 
Very simple cross-stitching like this is very easy..Source: my sister made me do some when I was a kid.
It was a bit time consuming, but not difficult.  Patterns get a lot more complex when you're using many different colours.  This stitch uses only three (or four, if you add a border).  If you grab the 3-4 colours, some 14 count aida fabric and a tapestry needle, you're good to go.
love it. One last question, did you make the frame yourself?
Nope. It's just a cheap square frame that I had available.  This would look much better in a rectangular frame.  An old-looking frame would be amazing..Edit: if you have any questions as you get started, during, or after, just send me a pm!.Edit 2: .!
Thank you, you're the best!
i dont get this.... and i feel bad!!
Older programming languages, like Fortran or Basic had GOTO statements where if it hit that line it would continue at some other point in the code. This made for really difficult to understand code, and most programming guides will tell you to avoid using them.
Many higher level languages also support goto
Yeah, but if you use it in your code people will throw stones at you. It's not recommendable at all to use this kind of instructions, that's why structures (if, for, while... and functions and classes) became popular. So much easier to manage.
Home sweet home
[deleted]
computer code (basic)
It's not assembly; it's ..
Shows how rusty I am in languages. Thanks for the link.
I think it's to do with sports (?). Fry's mother is really into American football or baseball or something.
It's a computer programming joke, actually. Good try, though!
Now I feel . stupid.
Just for the sake of curiosity, why did you think it had to do with sports?
(My entire knowledge of American sports comes from TV shows, so bear with me.) I thought it was to do with the lines on an American football field? I'm not really sure why, I just kind of have this idea in my head that there are lines with numbers on them on the field. I just assumed it was a joke about something I didn't understand to do with that. Or baseball bases. I don't even know. Also I thought it was in Fry's parents' home, and I know that Fry's mother likes sports.
Oh, don't worry, I know absolutly nothing about American sports... or any sport, for that matter. i didn't think of that, it makes a little bit of sense actually, haha.
There's also one that says:.10 SIN.20 GOTO HELL
That's great!  We're going through all the episodes again. Tons of great stuff missed on the first pass through.
i've watched "the original series" easily 5 times through,and i still pick up new things each time.
You'll want to keep this handy then.
Could you kindly explain this image to me I'm a big fan of the show but I'm lost with the relevance of this pic
The alien language throughout the series can be decoded with that. Look for it on signs and whatnot..Edit: There were 3 different languages throughout the series IIRC.
wow thanks
You should be thanking Curly123 for supplying the cheat sheet. :D
 .AL2 is significantly more difficult to translate. 
This includes the note that was left with Leela when she was abandoned.
So the legible parts say, with non-visible letters in parentheses:."Your (pa)rents.
(lov)e you.
(very) much".I just did this for fun, most of you probably already know, also didn't they read that note (translated) out loud in one of the episodes?.Edit: a word
Pretty sure it was in the back story episode where they showed her parents abandoning her. 
Brilliant!!!
Bookmarked.
Well, people have told you what it is (BASIC) but not why it's funny. In BASIC, each command line has a number to reference that line, and when the program is run, it goes through the command lines in numerical order. Occasionally, based on how the program is written, it's necessary to go to another command line, hence the GO TO command. So for this joke, 10 is Home, 20 is Sweet, and 30 will return to the 10 line, hence "Home Sweet Home" being produced, and it's humorous to see in a robot's home. Enjoy your day, meatbags. 
I have wonder how many iterations the average coder went through before quitting... I think for me it was about 12. 
It still hasn't stopped for me. I am now waiting for the sweet relief of death.
9 lines to save a life, hrm....I hope your trustAndProtect method has a call to payBillsAndShit, or it's going to be a rough ride. 
I love the "meatbag" line. Nothing like a reference to KotOR and in particular HK-47. 

My response to receiving this gif was similar to Jerry's
HOME SWEET HOME SWEET HOME SWEET HOME SWEET HOME SWEET HOME SWEET HOME SWEET HOME SWEET HOME SWEET HOME SWEET HOME SWEET HOME SWEET HOME SWEET HOME SWEET HOME SWEET HOME SWEET HOME SWEET HOME SWEET HOME SWEET HOME SWEET HOME SWEET HOME SWEET HOME SWEET HOME SWEET HOME SWEET HOME SWEET HOME SWEET HOME SWEET 
for (;;){.HOME;.SWEET;.}

Mine is shorter, har harrr!
I didn't post it because it was shorter, thought you maybe didn't know of while... Why'd you use for(;;;)? It does the same thing doesn't it?.Edit: nevermind, I'm an idiot.
Yeah, but it's shorter!
Oh, I wasn't thinking of the charactersm, okay, nevermind, I'm an idiot. That's... a good reason to use yours rather than mine, actually.
you missed infinity more.
+(HOME SWEET)N
where N is the rest of your hard drive
Ctrl-C.... Ctrl-C.... ..... 

I thought I had taught grandma better than to use goto's in her cross stitch.
When your writing in BASIC, there isn't anything much better. 
Man that must be a headache.
That's why higher level languages became popular. Things like loops and conditional statements are very useful. 
God, I have a billion of these things. (EDIT: Or 723,988 to be exact)."No Fair! You changed the outcome by measuring it!" - Prof. Farnsworth."Who's your dumb friend?" - bender "Who, Me?" - Both fembots, said in unison.."I can wire anything directly into anything, I'm The Professor!" -Prof. Farnsworth."Do me a favor, and drive my wife home. It's a self-driving car, so just sit in the back and do whatever" - Donbot.And I can't believe nobody has said anything about this so:."Good new everybody!"."... I've got some very bad news".And finally:."Now open your mouth and lets have a look at that brain" -Zoidberg
"Oh don't worry Fry, I too once spent a nightmare-ish time in a robot asylum.. but now it's nearly over. So long!"
-the Professor
I hate the people who love me, and they hate me!
Millions? In Futurama's seven seasons there have only been 723,988 lines of dialogue.
It was almost the perfect crime but you forgot one thing, 
Rock crushes Scissors
But Paper covers Rock,
And Scissors cuts Paper!
Kifwe have a conundrum!
Search Them for Paper, and bring me a Rock..~Zapp Brannigan 
(Brannigan, Begin Again)
Fry:What if the secret ingredient is... people!?!.Leela: There's already a soda like that..Fry:Really whats it called?.Leela: Soylent Cola.Fry: How is it?.Leela: It varies from person to person.
"I have a message from Colonel Mutumbe!  He says 'This is from Congo Jack!'"  ~Congo Jack
"We've got a problem, Nudar."
haha that one is great
"Calculon! But I thought you were..."
"EGYPTIAN!?"
Fry: Fine, I've got a toast. To Captain Bender, he's the best... at being a big jerk who's stupid and his big ugly face is as dumb as a butt! .Bender: No one! Your mama! Shutup! Take yer pick.."But I thought you were..." Calculon: EGYPTIAN!?.Calculon: I was all of histories great acting robots. Acting unit 0.8, Thespo-Mat, David Duchovny!.Professor Farnsworth: Help! Satan! You owe me!.Farnsworth: Good news everyone!
"I have no strong feelings one way or the other"
"I'll shoot Hitler out the window this time!"
"Fry, I don't know how to teach. I'm a professor!"
Professor Farnsworth
This is the worst kind of discrimination! The kind against me! - Bender 
fry: tell her she looks thin
zoidberg: you seem malnourished, are you suffering from internal parasites?
2 of my favorites from The Sting:.Professor Hubert Farnsworth: No, no, no one's saying that. But I'm certainly thinking it loudly. .Professor Hubert Farnsworth: Collecting honey, ordinary honey..Leela: That doesn't sound so bad..Professor Hubert Farnsworth: This is no ordinary honey! 
Fry: "I'm not a one woman man, Leela.".Leela: "You'll be back to zero son enough."
Fry: "I can't swallow that".Farnsworth, "Well then, good news! It's a suppository."
That young man fills me with hope. And some other emotions which are weird and deeply confusing. - Zapp 
"Oh sirrah! A man writing an opera about a woman? How delightfully absurd!"-Hedonismbot."Like that Bible guy who got swallowed by a whale... Pinocchio!"-Fry
"I need mouth-to-ass resuscitation" .-Bender 
Professor:What are those horrible creatures?
Glurmo:They're the Grunka-Lunkas. They work at the factory.
Professor :Tell them I hate them!
Soooo.....trillions?
Ahh Hedonismbot!."I trust the orgy pit has been scraped and buttered!"."Let us cavort like the Greeks of old! You know the ones I mean."
From the global warming episode..Bender: Especially you, Hedonismbot!.Hedonismbot: I apologize for nothing!
Even better:."Are you the calloused working man that I ordered?".and."Simply vomit on me oh so gently while I humiliate a pheasant."
"This here's a muggin'! Hand over your skiiin!"--Roberto
OR
"My name is Zoidberg. John f***ing Zoidberg!"--Zoidberg
I love Silence of the Clamps.
My favorite episode. "How bout you baby, you're my third choice"
I cheered when he said that.
My favorites are definitely from Fry, god help me I appreciate his simplistic humor (If I could choose just a few from the first 3 seasons as a sampler they would include:)  .Although, most memorable long-standing quote is:   
"There is no scientific consensus that life is important."
I'm not crazy, I'm just not user-friendly!.-Roberto
You calling me crazy!? Just 'cause I got a hotel in my foot, don't make me a BOOGALEE-WOOGALEE-MOOGALEE!
"Please, Fry, I don't know how to teach. I'm a professor!" - Farnsworth
Very cool, but humor me, how do people make these things? Those are characters from Team Fortress 2 right, how do they get them to move how they want and stuff?
I'm not too knowledgeable on it, but it's done using Source Filmmaker (SFM). It's a program that primarily utilizes Valve models, but you can import other models from other games (like . or ., or even custom models). Then it takes careful precision and animation skills to bring them to life, kind of like in stop-motion filmmaking..Someone please correct me if I'm wrong.
355/113 is a better and amazing approximation.If you had a sphere the size of earth and calculated its diameter from it's circumference and 355/113 then you would be out by four meters..By comparison, if the roundest object ever made was the size of the earth the difference between the highest and lowest points is about 14 meters.
I was about to come and comment with more digits I know until I clicked through and took a closer look.
I thought it was 3.141592654.... 
355/113: Very slightly foolish person's pi..For people who like this sort of thing, here's how you can get a fractional approximation of any number. Start with your number:.Lop off the whole number part (in this case 3) and take 1 over the remainder, so 1/0.14159265358979... gives you:.Now repeat. Lop off the 7 and take 1/0.062513305931045....Stop whenever you like, or your calculator runs out of precision. The whole numbers you lopped off (3, 7, 15, 1, 292, ...) form the repeated fraction representation of your number..So depending on how far you go you'll get a fraction that's closer and closer. You just have to do a little algebra to get it into standard form:
Ha I calculated by going through the first ten thousand fractional approximations (by denominator) and then scoring them on their accuracy per digit and 355/113 is an amazingly good approximation.  I did it for root 2 and the golden ratio and there were no approximations that good in the first ten thousand.
Yep you'll get the best approximations (relative to the size of the numbers) when you stop just before a large number in the continued fraction sequence. In the case of 355/113 you're stopping at 3,7,15,1, which is just before 292, making that an excellent approximation..sqrt(2) has a continued fraction of 1,2,2,2,2,2,2,... so there's never any large numbers to stop at. The Golden Ratio is even worse: it's 1,1,1,1,1,1,.... This makes the Golden Ratio the "most irrational" number in some sense: fractional approximations to it are worse than for any other number..But if you do the continued fraction method, you'll find the increasingly accurate approximations to the Golden Ratio are 1/1, 2/1, 3/2, 5/3, 8/5, 13/8, 21/13, .... which you may recognize as the Fibonacci sequence. So that's kind of cool.
Which is exactly what happened!  I figured it out and felt pretty proud until I realised I had just caught up with the maths of the renaissance. :P
Pi is. 22/7 is not..Edit: 2653...
265358*...so it rounds to 2654
Why would you round before ellipsis?
blasphemy  
But if you're only using pi up to that digit and you don't round, it's going to be less accurate...
Actually the opposite is true
Calculating the circumference of a circle with diameter 5..Exact Value: 3.14159265358979323846264338327950288419716939937510582097.5 = 15.707963265
Rounding Up Approximation (B): 3.141592654*5 = 15.70796327.Percent Error = (Exact-Approximation)/Exact
Percent Error A = |5.7079632679-15.707963265|/15.7079632679 = 0.63661977218 = 4.05284734451%
Percent Error B = |5.7079632679-15.70796327|/15.7079632679 = 0.6366197725 = 4.05284734655%.Welp.  You're right..Does anyone want to explain this to me?  Because I'm confused.
I don't have the elegant proof to this, but isn't the whole point of rounding is to make calculations with reduce significant digits more accurate? ie. If you only want to work with x number of sig dig, you round the xth digit up if the (x+1)th sig dig is 5, 6, 7, 8, or 9, or you leave it be if the (x+1)th is 0, 1, 2, 3 and 4.
Okay, if you round down from .58 to zero you are more off than if you round up .58 to one. The difference in those values is the variance you'll be given in the approximation. In this case .16 billionths of a unit of measure. (That is, rounding up will be .16 billionths closer of an approximation than rounding down). In practice, it is far better to round up in any case, as you will have excess material in construction.
but that's what i was initially arguing, and what my proof just showed to be wrong.

Jrrr looking to blow something up for his merit badge in S07E16 - Terrestrial.
Download a 1080p version and use that?
Knowing at least the first 100 digits of Pi, this made me twitch.
Why do you know Pi to 99 decimal places? 
I was bored, and the internet was super slow when my parents moved to BFE. Also, recently, the pimorize app. 
I was bored, and the internet was super slow when my parents moved to BFE. Also, recently, the pimorize app. 
I was bored in my religious class and we were in the math room for some reason, Pi was written on the wall so 50 minutes later I knew 64 decimal places, then I decided to round my knowledge up to 100 so I looked it up on the internet. I'm not sure about OP, but that's what I did.
Wouldn't it be to 99 decimal places? If it were, for example, 4 digits, he'd know it to 3 decimal places (3.141).
You are 100% correct. It's early and I've been looking at numbers all night (woo exams). 
"The numbers, Mason. What do they mean?"
Haha, no worries, and good luck!
Well it does say "Fool's Pi" and not "Pi".
"I'm a whale biologist." 
In fact, forget the blackjack. 
If there was ever a spin-off of Futurama, i would want it to be the Robot Devil and Bender somehow rooming together.
Please tell me they get a 3 bedroom with Roberto. ha-HAAAA!
"You can't just say how you feel.  That makes me feel angry!"
this is the true series finale for me. all the additional seasons are just an epilogue. this episode still makes me shed a manly tear.
"Don't stop playing, Fry. I want to hear how it ends."
My heart melted the first time I heard Leela say this to Fry. Then came the adorable holophoner ending. Tears flowed. 
You will not be disapointed by Metro Last Light, twas a fantastic gaming experience, play it in english with no subtitles first though and use secondary weapons alot, if you want my humble advice
[deleted]
What a crock of crap. If THEY made the mistake, THEY should take the hit. Thats horrible business..then again.. I knew a guy who worked for BB, and bought a $900 cd player / gps / does pretty much everything, after catching an error of it being sold for $90. He was the only one to get it, had a friend (not me) purchase it and pick it up for him. .Kinda funny, but I think its crap like that is why BB has such a crappy policy on their own mistakes.
"And ever since then, I've been known as 'Honest Bender'."
1000 karma in r/gaming wasn't enough gor you huh?
I don't get what they mean by saying that the order will go through but will be cancelled? 
If the order has been passed off to distribution it may already be filled and ready to go..At this point its nearly impossible to change or pull orders without affecting the entire distribution process so if it gets to this point they eat it as a loss.
Right that sounds far too vague. If their website messed up and sold people things for cheaper than normal. Just take the hit and offer good customer service. 
Any online store with good sense will have a clause in their Terms of Service stating that they are not held liable for pricing errors on their site, and any orders made on items that are mis-priced can be cancelled..So yeah, OP's order might have said it went through, but until he gets the goods, the item is still "theirs" and they can cancel it at any time, because that fine print nobody ever reads says you agreed to that before purchasing the item.
Someone fucked up and put a promo game of last light for 0.01 cent on the store, about an hour later they cancelled all the orders. Some people still got the game but there are rumors it will have the product key pulled from steam still, but generally just yeah, terrible customer service on their part.
It means that they'll charge you, but you won't get the item.
 
 .oh good my slow clap processor made it into this thing
This section has been intentionally left blank. 
For Office Use Only

This post is as lousy as it is brilliant
El Zoid is the one that will really cut you. 
Oh god, when I saw this title, I knew I was going to reply "." but then I saw the pic. Well played. 
WOAH. WHAT. Excuse me, i'm high/drunk so this is the best revelation ever at the moment. Aww man those Zapp pick up lines are terrible (cringe-y goodness). This episode....edit: i just realized it may have just been an artist error (totally thought it was intentional) and i apologize for my enthusiasm.
It makes me feel uncomfortable
This is a great catch!  I've never noticed it before either!
Also: the rip of the shirt is on the wrong side in the reflection. 
She actually looks weird with one eye
well futurama's women dont have just a big circle for their eyes. Thats prolly why it looks weird 
Pretty sure it's meant to be her image in the water distorting because of the ripples. 
That makes sense too. I'll need to watch this episode now.
Correct 
Nice catch! I've also seen this episode a few times and never noticed it. Is this at the part when the puddle ripples(like Jurassic Park)?
Exactly. Lol and Zap's stomach jiggles. 
Do you mean "with two eyes?"
It looks right, but feels so wrong.
Also, the tear on her shirt strap is on the wrong side. 
"Ah, she's built like a steakhouse but she handles like a bistro." Sorry, I couldn't help myself. Forgive me, for I know this isn't from the same scene, but this is my favorite Zapp line from that episode.
"YOU WIN AGAIN, GRAVITY!"
Bwahaha that line is great. 
Soon to be forever ignored:,(
After his life of crime!
And an orange Lrrr on the bottom left!
Need Dr. Crab? Why not Zoidberg!?
I honestly read the post title in Nixon's voice, for reasons unknown to me.
haroo!
Just makes me think about Memoirs of a Geisha...>.>
I had this game. So difficult. 
Mr.Krabs' retarded cousin.
This made me dig out my old NES and play this game. 
This game was terrible. Just bad. 
The flip flops were a good touch

They call me Dr. Crab.I'm not a real doctor, but I am a real crab...
But do you like to play the drums?
Doctorate in Art History
And the Omicronians, Inhabitants of Omicron Persei 8. Fun fact, when searching "omicronian" Google auto fill suggests "omicronian rule 34".
Hey that's gross...
Aren't the auto-fill options based off your browsing history?
I don't think so, however, I wouldn't be surprised.
Google auto-fills with the most used searches from everyone.
So Dr. Zoidberg is a repost eh?
You take that back 
Benders Big Score. Don't know why. Fry and Leela just deserve to be happy together.
Sting 
Jurassic Bark made me cry when I first watched it. I watched it again a few weeks after my dog died, and I cried again. Damn feels.
My girlfriend cries every. single. time. it comes on. We've watched it 10+ times. EVERY TIME.
Ugh, that still gets me. 
The luck of the fryish is one of the saddest
The Late Philip J. Fry. 
It wasn't Fry's FAULT!
End of season 3, not the saddest but it is up there 
I would say neither Lethal Inspection nor Luck of the Fryrish were sad.  Tear jerkers perhaps, but in a happy way..On the other hand, Time Keeps On Slippin' is right up there with Jurassic Bark for me.  When those stars got sucked into that black hole, I could feel my soul going with them.
Yeah I understand what you are saying about them being more happy
The singer? I don't think his songs are That sad.
That episode is fantastic. 
That episode is so sweet.  It's my favorite.
Which one?
The Sting
Literally watching that right now. 
S:3E:8 "The luck of the Fryrish"  is by far the saddest one.  It gets me every damn time.
It seems like this would be dangerous for pressure reasons 
..Such as?
That is one monster queef
It's over If anyone wants to see the archive it should be up by tomorrow 
Why not both?
Here is what the linked meme says in case it is blocked at your school/work or is unavailable for any reason:. | 
Why hasn't this been in an episode before this!
I dont remember this, episode?
New episode. Came out yesterday 
aka the iStab
Since these get posted quite a lot I decided to make a subreddit. I welcome you to join .!
You might want to move those pencils away from him.
Johnny five ALIVE
Huhyahhhhhh
But you weren't tuesday?
Johnny 5 is alive!
"Well, well, looks like old Roberto's the focus of attention now. STOP LOOKING AT ME! Ha ha ha ha ha HA!"
Are you calling me craaaaaaaaa............,.Z?!?!
"Well, well, looks like old Roberto's the focus of attention now. STOP LOOKING AT ME! Ha ha ha ha ha HA!"
They look like the robot Number 5 from Short Circuit 
They actually look like Short Circuit.
Hand over your skin
At first glance, I thought it was #5.
"No disassemble!" 
I am really sick of these posts. People please stop posting pics of a thing you think looks like that robot. 90% of the time it does not! I'm am going to continue to downvote these pics, hope you do the same. Make our subreddit better.
I don't see it.
Dumb post.
Dumb comment
I heard he was built by a team of scientists trying to create an insane robot. 
Number "Johnny" 5
You mean Johnny Five.
Johnny Five is alive!
thank you:)
Just cause I got a hotel in my foot doesnt make me a BOOGALLYMOOGALLYMOOGALLY
JUST CUZ I GOT A HOTEL IN MY FOOT DOESN'T MAKE MA A OOGAH BOOGAH MOOGAHLY
I have that same water bottle. :)
And the other hamburger will also be made of your lungs.
Hope he's not working when it decides to practice it's stabbing
Yeah, there's lots of real life things that vaguely look like Roberto. We get it. 
Just cus I got a hotel in my boot don't make me a great big boogily moogily!
Me eboy splendor? Meh don't tink so.
You mean Clamping you? Haha It looks like Clamps from Futurama :)
"Whoooo issss Johnnnyyyy?"
Oh, yes. The daily "Hurr hurr this looks vaguely like Roberto huuuurrrrrrrrrrrr." .Sorry if this bothers you and feel free to downvote because I'm posting this expecting it and I really don't give a shit. But it's really getting old..Edit: accidentally put an extra like like
That's pretty much what this sub is now. Screen caps from the show, things IRL that vaguely look like stuff from the show, and every once in a while, some interesting content.
You ever kill a man with a sock?
It ain't so hard! HyaHHaa! HA HYaah!!
I'm not crazy, I'm just not user friendly.
56? 56?! Aw man, now that's all I can think about!
No good 56-er!
 
TIL that's a thing
"The first time was to case the joint..... and rob it a little"
That's one of my favorite lines in the entire series.
" Stand back.... i gotta practice my stabbin. HAHYAHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!! " 
And the other hamburger will also be made of your lungs!
beat me by 3 hours....so close

I refuse to testify on the grounds that my organs will be chopped up into a patty.
Ah, the 67th amendment.
This episode always annoyed the hell out of me. Why not take the clover? The fucker is dead he won't need it.
This show is so damn cheesy sometimes.
Tied for me.
same for me
Agreed
I guess it depends on who u are: "people person" or "dogs person". 
I agree with you. Jurassic Bark was nothing, this was so much.
I dont find it sad. Touching for sure, but i wouldnt use sad to describe it.
This one gets me in the feels too. But Jurassic Bark reminds me of my cat so overkills the feels. .Too many feels from this show sometimes! 
I will never forget Jurassic Bark
Jurassic Bark gets me in a whole different way, especially at the end when Seymour grows old waiting, and they play that beautiful song... Futurama has such a beautiful way of heart tugging. Bender's Big Score gets to me too.
Onions, Onions everywhere.
This is the first episode my gf watched with me. She has been hooked ever since. 
I just watched this episode last night! I was tearing up a little bit..... Not gonna lie.....
I agree completely.  Both episodes are sad, but its just the way reddit is.  Animals dying will always get more upvotes than people dying.
repost.With that being said, whenever anyone posts anything about this episode I use it to state that my brother and I (huge Futurama fans since its inception) got matching 7 leaf clover tattoos in reference to this episode and our brotherly love/hate. 
This part always gives me chills. 
Yeah, it's sad alright... but it's no Jurassic Bark
Both of them made me cry..

I agree
this exact title and post has been done so many times now FUCK OFF
I can't remember the name of the episode, but whichever one Fry rearranges the planets for Leela. That one always gets me.
[deleted]
Because the hero wished it to be that way. Yancy talked so much of Fry that Phillip put in his will to have that message on his headstone.
[deleted]
It's the ultimate in humility. Everything he did was because Fry had wanted to do it. What better way to honor the person you were named for than to do great things and tell everyone who you did it for?
[deleted]
"Moot" actually means a comparatively trivial matter because it could be debated eternally without any hope of resolution. .Edit: Oh, God. I feel horrible. He deleted his reddit account . . . I hope it wasn't because of me: I was just trying to help. =[
I love you. 
Hey FreeBlowjobs this guy just expressed his undying love... you gonna address this or no? 
The combination of what they said and their name is what did it, to be fair. 
This right here is the origin story of your nemesis, you just don't know it yet..
What did he say?
He was like, "Whatever, still failed English," right before he deleted the comment. Then, when I went to check what happened, I saw he deleted his entire account. D;
when you delete a post it hides the poster and the post... unless you checked his actual profile because you remembered that or something
Ohh, in all the despondency I forgot that reddit did that. Upon checking his account, I have found he did not, in fact, delete it! Yay! <3 <3 <3 Thank you.
I started to hear that breakfast club song after seeing this. Thanks!
Ok it's time to fucking stop with these posts. 
Have to agree with this. Jurassic Bark was pretty sad, but this one actually made my eyes water, which doesn't happen often.
Honestly for a goofy animated comedy this show has a surprisingly large number of genuinely touching moments, doesn't it. Great characters and great writing!
 has to be the most repetitive subreddit ever..How about next someone points out the 'remember me' box when they log in is like the Pharaoh episode?.And then a 'this is what I like the most about Futurama' title, with a picture of a background gag, or the same character in two different episodes..Or maybe the title 'changed my Wireless Network Name- why not....' and a screenshot of your wireless network being called Zoidberg?
No one is telling you to stay..Your complains are bad, and you should feel bad.
when the show finishes I'll unsub.
Maybe it's just me, but for me, "The Luck of the Fryrish" is a really sad episode.
This subreddit is like Groundhog day..The radiator woman from the radiator planet..
Saddest episode competition..
We just need the post of Leela's parent appearing in that early episode  and the cycle is complete.
OH! ME ME! I'LL POST IT!
If we're talking about moments that were sad, or just really touching, let's not forget ., sorry for bad quality
Yessss. "The Devil's Hands Are Idle Playthings" is my all-time favorite. 
My hands! What did you do to them?!.I . them...
Sorry man, I can still watch Luck of the Fryrish.  .I was only able to watch Jurassic Bark once in my life, and it destroyed me.  I can't bring myself to ever watch it again.   .Then again, I have had to see two of my dogs be put to sleep.
Don't you... forget about me.
False, it's literally a proven fact that sad things involving animals are 100x worse than sad things with people.
Agreed. Anyone who fought with their older brother as a kid could relate.
My older brother passed away 2 years ago at age 27. I've wondered whether or not to name a son after him like in the episode. Whether it would be weird or not.
I understand the weirdness. I think a more middle-ground approach would be to make it your future son's middle-name. The memory is still there, but it wont be a constant reminder.  
If you want to do it, do it. I can't think of one reason why it would be weird. 
You obviously have never had a dog like the one in Jurassic Bark.  I mean that dog waited man... He . and never got to see his friend again.
Until Bender's Big Score retconned the fuck out of everything.
No it didn't. Seymour sits outside for 10 years looking sad, then Fry comes back, then Seymour gets fast fossilised.
The big score bit was a band-aid provided by the writers as an afterthought to cover the hole where my heart was.
That episode destroyed me.
Wow. Great fucking post. This is why I continue to come to .. 
Can't tell if sarcasm...
get your detector calibrated. 
The Sting is also up there for saddest:/
Agreed! I think i have seen that episode at least ten times and i still cry my eyes out  :'(
The Sting is sad but in the way that you feel how much love Fry actually has for Leela.
It was sad... but Jurassic Bark pulls it off better. The Sting had too much freakishness in it so the added sadness just made the episode all the more better.
That episode scares the hell out of me. Must be what it's like to be developing schizophrenia.
Oh FFS, every other day with this shit... 
This is actually S03E10 
Either that page is vandalized, or netflix has it mislabeled.
Netflix is an asshole when it comes to ordering episodes.
Technically correct!  The best kind of correct!
Ohh, damn!
So, where can we meet for my blow job? 
I consider Luck of the Fryrish to be more heartwarming sad, whereas Jurassic Bark is more heartbreaking sad. It's a subtle difference, but to me, it makes Jurassic Bark sadder. However, Luck will always have Noticeably F.A.T.
so where does time keeps on slipping and leela's homeworld lie guys?
Not sure what I'd class Lethal Inspection as.
Heartwarming sad.
Jurassic Bark is sadder because Fry never learns that Seymour actually waited around for him at the very end..At the end of Luck of the Fryrish he learns that his brother did love him, and although sad it wasn't a labor of love that went unnoticed like Seymour.
Jurassic Bark tears your heart out and cries on it.  Luck of the Fryrish makes you want to call your brother and cry at him over the phone.  There's an important difference.
Jurassic Bark also plays on our guilt of seeing loyalty that never pays off. The dog never gets to see his master again, whereas the brother has a fulfilling life indebted to Fry..I actually tear up at the almost-ending of The Late Philip J. Fry, where he finds Leela has written (a billion years earlier): "Our time together was short, but it was the best time of my life."
Yes.  I definitely had a small something in my eye at that exact moment.
Is showed my mom, who isn't really into Fururama like I am, Jurassic Bark. I told her it was really sad and by the end of it she said to me, I guess it was pretty sad. I responded back, in a puddle of tears, yeah, it was. 
I don't think Jurassic Bark is even that bad because of Benders Big Score 
This opinion has been posted over and over . . .
And it's a wrong.
Well, just different. 
In "Luck of the Fryish" Fry learns that his brother Yancy, who never showed that he loved him, actually missed him deeply. So much so that he named his only child after him. In "Jurassic bark" you find out that his dog slowly withered away waiting for him to come home. "Luck of the Fryish" is touching, but "Jurassic Bark" is tragic. Even if you want to consider that in  "Bender's Big Score" Fry was able to come back to Seamore, the audience was devastated for around 3 years before the movie came out (if you bought the movie before it became episodes). Even with that knowledge I challenge you to find someone who can watch the end of "Jurassic Bark" with the knowledge that Fry/Lars came back for Seamore and still not tearing up. I know I was short with my initial response, but I have pondered this one for years with my relentless logic, but we could always resort to violence. 
It's not that Fry found out his brother loved and missed him, it's that the entire time, he was assuming his brother was taking everything from him now that he was gone, and his brother gained his success off Fry's disappearance by taking his name, goals, and dreams, all because of the clover Fry assumed he stole. Then he actively tries to deface his grave and steal back his clover in revenge, only to realize he had the misconceptions about his brother all along. It's not realizing his brothers real feelings, it's realizing how far he was going to go to satisfy his own.
Granted, but it's still a personally valid one to many of us.  I heard people howling-on (no pun intended) about Jurassic Bark for a long time, before anyone mentioned this episode.
Why no pun intended? =[ Puns are fun. 

Lol, yes. 
I don't really understand the point of trying to argue that one sad episode of Futurama is sadder the another episode of Futurama. Different things ring with different people, so it's not something that can be solved logically. Just seems silly, lol.
It's definitely silly. I do really like the show so I can bs an opinion pretty easily. 
 had to scoop up the monthly karma for it though.
You mean weekly. It shows up more often than those hypnotoad switcheroos.
"Rack of human"
this episode made me smile real big at the end
You can use this website to translate both of the languages
I like this encoder/ decoder (I'm pretty lazy).

But it is not perfect: I encoded "But I am already in my pajamas" to encode to alien 2, then one by one entered the symbols to the decode, and got "rut af already in my pajamas."
"Rack of human".
Worth it!
How?
It's just a form of letter substitution. There exist keys for it on the internet. 
Are you a wizard?
In the future, you can just use this:
.
It's the top one and it's just a=first symbol b= second symbol etc. They really like putting stuff in their alien language all over things.
That's true of the first alien language. There's at least one more alien language that isn't a simple replacement with an alternate symbol. I forget the details, but the value of the first character informs the value of the second character, and so on throughout the word..Also, I may or may not be making up the existence of a third alien language in my head, so I have no idea what rules govern that (possible non-existent) language.
Thanks 
You're welcome.
Only on weekends.
Probably the same way you get rack of lamb.
for you
Is there a futurama .TTY font file anywhere?
The Necromancer is Pleased!!
I think you can . in the link posted by . 
"Groening and Cohen have previously expressed a desire to produce a theatrical film or another direct-to-video film upon conclusion of the series." .It's a bit of a stretch to take this to mean that it "might come back"
Why not netflix?
In 1ACV03, I roomate, the binary door was first seen, and it translated to $ in ascii, or something.
Benders door there says 23.
Nope, it's 36.
I was wrong.
If they didn't make that pun, I would have been disappointed. 
What question does he want to axe?  My favourite continued gag on the show
So true. Watched it only once.
"The Sting" gets me every time...
It's very hard to own a dog and watch that episode more then once. Even hearing walking on sunshine makes me a little sad
In case anyone didn't know:.Also it was supposed to be . song instead of I will wait for you..Not only the saddest episode of Futurama I would say the saddest episode of tv ever.  Something beautiful in the simplicity and I'm not a dog person.
I'm just glad that they added this to Bender's Big Score. It makes me feel better.
My wife always skips it. 
Plus the disgusted looks that my cat gives me, for crying over a dog.
You are the first person to have this opinion in the history of time and people.
At least if you watch the Gif it looks like he wakes up.

I think it cheapens it a bit.  I mean I'm happy they are happy but...idk.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
I assumed as much iv just never been able to tell someone to use a suicide booth. 
god this subreddit is awful
I agree.  Comment upvoted.  Post downvoted.  .Like we have never seen a post like this....At least there aren't a billion quote comments.
OMG DAE LE JURRASSIC BARK SAD HURR DURR IT'S THE LITTLE THINGS THAT MAKE THIS SHOW GREAT HURR FEELS..pls stop


Why dos fry have a goatee?
There is an episode in which Milhouse asks Matt Groening to sign his Bender action figure
Isn't it an Episode in Season 15 too? I think it's when Matt is at the Science Fiction Convention where Comic Book Guy is about to marry Edna. 
Bender had a speaking cameo in Simpsons..EDIT: Link: 
There was a billboard for slurm in one of the recent episodes. 

Strangely similar to the one that was posted here last week. 
But there ain't no whales, so we tell tall tales and sing our whaling tune.
I feel so bad about getting that pizza boy frozen 
I really like the heat shielded gold one too
At last Zoidberg, you're becoming a crafty consumer. I'll take eight!
I'd buy the ship of any version with the quickness but at $100+, it's at out my price range :(
Is that an official poster? It looks really strange being lopsided like that.
As a fellow poster enthusiast, look into poster frames.  They are like 15 bucks and make sure your posters stay in good shape, look better on the wall, and you can go from 6 holes in your parents wall to 1.
Goes with my Simpsons poster :).(I didn't upload images on imgur due to file size and the loss of quality)
I'm planning on repainting since it's cheap paint :).
Nope.
Simpsons did it. 

Where did you get that poster?
Had to make it since none were being sold..Used this image: . with some photoshop then sent it through 
Damn I love your new poster.
I'm so jelous I wish everyone else was dead. 
I'm baby, Bender. 
Episode name: The Bots and the Bees :) [Season 07, Episode 01]
Wipe my shiny metal ass! 
I believe it's "Wipe my tiny metal ass."

Why 'Run'?
He's an ultra marathon runner and a huge Futurama fan. He wanted to get something that would represent both.
That's awesome, I reancently got a tattoo of bender on my leg. Futurama fans 4 life.
Interesting, oh wait, no, the other thing.... tedious
Yeah, I couldn't imagine doing that but it's pretty inspiring at those races to see what they are able to accomplish. One of the last races he did was a 50K and one of the runners was an amputee. Not sure if he did the 50K or one of the shorter distances but his drive to not let anything stop him from doing something he enjoys was pretty awesome.
Was this last week in QLD?
The race? No, it was late last year in Washington.
Inspiring thought of the day^
Z looks like the reddit alien
not sure if grateful for the quick reference, or disappointed I don't get to decipher for myself..haha just kidding I've had a decade.
We should have text thumbnails, like in 
I couldn't decipher this one...
I used to be able to read Alienese. That is not one of my proudest achievements.
There are actually two (as of season 4) distinct alien languages in the show.  Source:dvd commentary.
I feel like knowing this is cheating somehow.
This is only valid for one of the alien languages in the show. Alien language 2, as or is referred to by the creators, is a shifting cipher, and is explained in detail in "Bite My Sunny Metal X" on the DVD for Bender's Big Score.

Thank you :)
Z looks familiar. Just me?
I opened this expecting to see a giant statue made of Lego blocks saying, "Remember me!"
Ordered a shirt and a set of those coasters. Thanks OP!
"Bite my tiny, plastic ass!"
Holy crap thank you for not letting me pass this up. I would have gone my whole life blissfully unaware of this shirt's existence, and been worse off for it. 
omfgggg who wants to buy a large for me and sell it to me in like a day or two? FUCK YOU STEAM SALE AHHHHHHHHH
Yes! So much yes! Thank you for the heads up on this awesome shirt.
does it bother anyone that he looks (not)drunk even though he's holding a bottle of beer?
Thank you for the hook-up, I ordered 2 shirts!!!
Money will be spent on this site.  Thanks for sharing the site.  I've never heard of it until now.  
No order for me :(
Futurama legos would be so amazing!
I got one!! YAY!
Bought.
I got one, too :)
What if its not real, and now they have all your information..... Dun dun dunnnnnnnn
Just purchased this t-shirt. :D
me too! :)
its an awesome wallpaper for handsets
Looks like he hasn't been drinking enough alcohol.
I don't see any 5 o'clock rust. 
They don't call him Bender for no reason. 
With the lego hands, it almost looks like they gave him the clamps.
You want I should give him the clamps, boss?
Why do you think they call me f*cking ... Francis?
DA CLAMPS! 
Rehosted the image on imgur because it won't be available after midnight Central time tonight. 
My god. They have this on shirts for toddlers? This doesn't seem appropriate for toddlers.
I think this is the persistent link.

It's from a widely-watched/loved tv show, and at their age, they might even think its a soda bottle. I don't see why it matters.
Of course "TheGreatTeddy" would say that :-)
Now if only there was an actual Bender minifigure to add to my collection of Lego.
Heck, I was actually hoping it was a lego design as in a blueprint/instructions on how to build my own lego-ized Bender statue.  I would have BrickLinked that so fast and then had some fun on the bun.  .As a professional sculptor, I can always customize a minifigure.  But the ability to create lego creations without instructions eludes me.  
I came here expecting this, and now I'm very sad
No head-fin of crabby rage? :(
Actually that's appears when he's aroused
That's pretty badass.
He got it out of that bottle
WITH MY LAST BREATH, I CURSE ZOIDBERG!!
It's probably just his strange way of speaking
that's what i feel like it is. it just seemed really out of place to me
I figured it out!  SLIDERS did it back in the day.  S3E8 "The Fire Within."
Hello lawsuit.
"These boys must have hero in their bones, and you ma'am, must have heroin in your veins!"
We should make some firehouse chili. What do you guys want in that ... beans or just blood? How bout rack of human
7/10 probably the best episode this season so far
Clever reference.
I want to see the inside of the giant igloo
I think I'll take a shot at using this joke later...

Anybody else curious about the bowling alley?
Also, in ., Zoidberg got hit by a bunch of bowling balls on a rack in the Planet Express locker room.
Bite my shiny little a**! Aw Bender, you magnificent character!
That size..
Amateur.  I suspect some Redditors have ol' Bender beat on size.  (that's what she . said!)

100,000 terabytes?
Haha looks like he started a new folder after deleting the old 50 terabytes of porn
S1 Ep7 - My Three Suns.S4 Ep14 - The Farnsworth Parabox.S3 Ep11 - Insane in the Mainframe.S3 Ep14 - Time Keeps on Slippin'.S6 Ep14 - The Silence of the Clamps.That was tough, but those are it. Also I would like to say that my favorite ending isn't one of the sad ones, but the one from "Three Hundred Big Boys where Fry finishes his 100th cup of coffee. 
Well in no order for me.S1 Ep1 - Space Pilot 3000 .S6 Ep7 - The Late Phillip J Fry.S4 Ep7 - Jurrasic Bark .S4 Ep12 - The sting.S6 Ep5 - The duh vinci code.Man it was harder then i thought to come up with my 5 favorites, theres so much other great episodes!
well done sir. Space Pilot is the BOMB! haha

I've always wondered what happened to Fry after he rescued everyone in "three hundred big boys." Correct me if I just didn't notice, but at the end where everyone is eating turkey dogs, Fry is not present. I always hoped he went on to do other heroic stuff until his caffeine powers dissipated, or he dropped into a coma somewhere.
1) The late Philip j fry
2) the farnsworth parbox 
3) the Du vinci code 
4) Roswell that ends well
5) Luck of the fryish 
The Late Phillip J Fry.Luck of the Fryrish.The Devil's Hands are Idle Playthings.Parasites Lost.Roswell that Ends Well
I feel like futurama quotes are part of my permanent vocab now. I don't even realize when I say them
Here is what the linked meme says in case it is blocked at your school/work or is unavailable for any reason:. | 

is this the same guy at burning man last year? i could of sworn i saw this guy before.... 
same dude? at burning man. love the mag. 
Life and death are a seamless continuum. 
I've never seen him so down, or ever before... 
I want to make this man a Wash Bucket that flies next to him. I'm thinking a quadcopter with Wash Bucket sitting on top flying next to him.
Seasick Steve?
How do you know he isn't just the janitor?
All he needs is a haircut with some pizazz
A sadder sight my eyes have never beheld. Welp, into the turlet.
I'm hoping that's this guy's real facial hair and all he had to do was dress up as a janitor for this. 
I feel like if I ever work a janitorial job I would have to find a day to do this 
who is this?
Pro Tip- Never trust anything you thought you saw at burning man.  In fact, you are still there.  You are just on tons of shrooms.  Wake up man.  Wake up.
"Someone get this guy a copy of Zero-G Juggs STAT!"
I think I'll miss scruffy the most now that futuramas been canceled again. I love his random appearances.
Oh no you're mistaken, he's just the janitor of the convention center.
Saw this on my break.
A Scruffy cosplayer out on the playa?  Thank you for showing me this.
I was eatin' a can of breakfast and watchin' porn.
[.] So, uh...are you all done with the computer?
I meet this guy at Burning Man, Awesome outfit! Great Scruffy!
Where is his complementary porno mag?
Scruffy...the janitor...
who?
I've never seen you before neither.
My job? Toilets 'n boilers, boilers 'n toilets...plus that one boilin' toilet. Fire me if'n you dare.
Maybe he's actually a janitor 
The greatest thing ever would be if someone walked up to him, not knowing who he is supposed to be..Them 'Who are you supposed to be?'.Him 'I'm scruffy, the janitor'
Missing his copy of "Zero G Jugs"
Who's that?
It's Scruffy...The Janitor
I've never seen you before neither.
What fever dream is this that threatens to tear this company in twain?
Where is WASH BUCKET? 
Scruffy's gonna die the way he lived. [Turns page of Zero-G Juggs magazine.] Mmhm.
The candle that burns twice as bright burns half as long... Mmm-hmm
Oh, it would be sweet for a while, but in the back of our minds we'd know that I'm a man and you're janitorial equipment.
Hahahah :) Yup :) 
Go.  Go now, before I beg you to stay.  
It's wrong, wash bucket. Oh, it would be sweet for a while, but in the back of our minds we'd know that I'm a man and you're janitorial equipment..In another city, we could be anyone we want..Go. Go now. Before I beg you to stay.
[Wash bucket leaves. Scruffy cries.].Yep.
Mmhhmm
It's ok, I 'spose
Second.
Durnit.
Which episodes have you not liked? I've liked it on the whole a little more than some of the other new seasons. I've enjoyed them all but since the movies it seems like there's a little inkling of things not being 100% where they were from the original seasons. Some episodes though are as good or better than some of the originals (to me anyway).
Well, I'll tell you when the season is over. .Some were not so good. Some were great .Remember A Leela of Her Own anyone? You can't bash a season because every episode isn't epic and tear jerking. 
This has been the best run of newer seasons yet. 
I've been disappointed by the seasons since the movies. I don't want anyone to pick up futurama. I'd really like to remember it as one of my favorite shows and not something that never ended like the simpsons
No.
The first half of season 7 was pretty shoddy in my opinion. Seemed to be full of episodes that had really rushed conclusions. The second half seems to have picked up the quality a lot though. 
[deleted]
How could you say you been disappointed with this final season when you've only seen one episode from it?
[deleted]
What was wrong with Forty Percent?.It was good enough, the 3d printer gag a neat little twist. 
Yes.  
There have been five episodes so far and you're judging it all on just one? The other four were pretty good actually, especially last night's.
Are you kidding me?  Frye and Leela just actually kissed, and it was great!
That already happened at least a season ago
I found the most recent episode ("The Inhuman Torch") to be pretty damn great, actually.
I had missed "Forty Percent Leadbelly" so just saw it last night for the first time along with "The Inhuman Torch". I was really, really disappointed with Forty Percent (kind of bored with it). Torch was much, much better (Zoidberg's line was awesome)..I haven't really liked 3 out of the 5 new episodes, but it's interesting to note the production order (instead of the air order). The 3 that I haven't really liked were the first 3 produced, so I'm hoping that it was just a bad start and will keep being strong.
Interestingly, IMO those three also seem to be ordered worse to better if we're going by production order. Maybe you're on to something....There's a long animatic of "Game of Tones" (later in the season) floating around, and that's been getting some very good reports, so I think we'll definitely be seeing some good episodes coming up.
Oh no my baby is in that podium!!!!!
I have not seen that one yet, maybe there is hope.
Go back and watch episode 1, season 1, and have your mind blown.
Exactly. There are no accidental or extra shadows
I came here to see all the hate heaped on OP for naming the wrong episode in the title... Now I'm lost.  Who are you and what have you done with the internet?
fry
This is Jurassic Bark. The pilot episode has only nibblers shadow. This has fry and nibbler. Rewatch Jurassic Bark and you'll see it
there is a whole episode explaining this phenomenon!
The Why of Fry, right?
I believe so
Yeah and interestingly it comes a whole couple episodes later in the season.
All the comments are about how they need to focus on things that are mow operant and how stupid it is that they would want to do that, and I'm here, waiting patiently for the moon to be colonized already.
I watched this ep like a week ago, one of the best intros ever
Could you please link the post that showed his other art? My android doesnt have a reddit search bar :/
Ahh!!! I wanted that one! But I did get fry!
The original thread:

Thank you very much!

Without squid/octopus arms.
Leela: Aw crud, he ate my suit!.
WB: The suit was ugly! 
Better do what he says, he's a ..
Strange reply to this, but I recognise your username..Do you know how to play Dream Theater's Ytse Jam?
Leela: "Why did you become a whale biologist if you hate whales?"."I don't know you well enough to get into that."
Where's Scruffy?
shouldn't nibbler be extra small?
Unfortunately tough times are upon me and I have been forced to sell these. If anyone is interested in purchasing these. . is the link to the ebay auction. Thanks so much
Scruffy's on break.
Scruffy's gonna die the way he lived.
No Slurms McKenzie? That was the first of those mini figures I got, and I loved it because it was the perfect size to stand next to my standard figures!
Where do you get these
they are online but they are more expensive if you buy them individually. I have them on ebay so if you are interested check out this link 
I really want a Zoidberg and a Morbo!! All I ever get is Bender and Leela. 
I felt kind of stupid for, when first seeing the photo, being confused on which body part it was on...
That's a great tattoo.
Start a crowdfunding for this. Im sure you could find quite a market.. i.e. how many nerds owns an apron? And how many would own one, if it was a futurama apron?
You could silk screen one yourself. It's surprisingly easy and fun! Plus you could make more and sell them / give them to your friends!
I think you meant to say: "It'll be fun on a bun!"
You're right, that IS what I meant to say haha
...in space!
shea stadium won't be home to any championship mets team ever again because they now play at citi field. the sign is more accurate than you realize
This episode aired before the construction of Citi Field started, so it is a jab.
I could be wrong, but does anyone think the head to the left of Cartman (the one directly above Leela) has a slight resemblance to Troy McClure from the Simpsons? (minus the yellow skin, of course)

I see it closer to Skinner. 
Repost

It is pointless to start something like this unless its being done by someone actually involved in the show.
Reupp is in contact with the creators/producers of the shows we campaign for.

That wry smirk after he sees the guy fly by.
Calls me that 
Upvoted solely due to the title 
great loop
Just noticed the small hover car had no pilot
Actually there's one after ~1 minute!
I just noticed that despite flailing the wheel around like that, he's still going straight.....that or New New York has a really curvy layout.
Could be the cause. I don't know why I had to look. But it was worth it. 
[pre upgrade]
Parole office says I gotta upgrade, or he won't give me back my stabbin' knife! But it's no big. I hate those 1X robots so much I know it won't affect me!
[post upgrade]
I'm past that. Later Blood!!
Well, you know you have to paint it red now
You calling me crazy?
I think of ovaries.
What the-?  You're not made of Tuesday!
Need to paint the wall now.
CRAZY FLYING AVOCADO!!!
What a good guy :D
That first robbery was scoping the place out.
... and the other hamburger will also be made of your lungs. 
You call yourself a robot?!
Stop laughing at me flying avacado!! HAHAAHAHAAA!!
Nice to meet you... HOSTAGES!!!

Had no idea what you were talking about until I realized I was in ..
What the... You're not made of Tuesday!
actually...
Well, well, looks like old Roberto's the focus of attention now. STOP LOOKING AT ME! Ha ha ha ha ha HA

Naw, last time was just to case the joint, and rob it a little.
Hi-ya Red!
What's the matter? YA SCARED?!
n-n-n-n-nnnnn
Noticeably? Ill say. 
I'm sorry I spilled the transmission fluid, mommy!.No... DON'T WELD ME TO THE WALL, MOMMY!!
Ah, the 67th Amendment. 
I'm not crazy.  I'm just not user friendly. 
56!?!?!?
56? 56?! Oh, man! That's all I can think about! I'm gonna kill you, you...you... no-good, 56-ing...
56!? 56?! FIFTY SIX!!!!
Gimme your skin.
Ever tried to stab somebody with a sock? It ain't so hard!

Best part of that clip is "Will Riker's Island". 
HAAAAAAhaHAAAAAA! 
Stand back I gotta practice my stabbin
I was gonna take a . at this. 
People need to cut it out with these puns
Be knife. They're just having fun.
I'm sorry, I'm just a little on edge
I will cut you some slack.
Shank you very much
The best spoof is the one where they visit the internet(I dated a Robot) and the script calls for three nerds. So the animators put in Ken Keeler, David X. Cohen and Matt Groening. But Matt pulled rank and got himself removed. You can hear David X. Cohen discuss it in the audio comentary. I believe its either the chatroom scene, where they get scared because Leela is an actual woman, or the "new-trek-vs-old-trek" chatroom.. "Kirk could kick Picards ass.. Well, at least Picard had the guts to admit that he was bald.. WHAT! You take that back!" - One of the greatest dialogues.
I love Barbara Streisand too!
What's there to catch? 
I think OP is getting at that Matt Groening put himself in the scene as a person living forever. 
Zap Brannigan is one of the funniest characters ever man, gotta love him. But kif..i hate kif 
Bender. I'm already 40% dolomite 
The professor. Not only am I becoming a scientist, I would do the most messed up experiments 
Probably scruffy. Just lookin at porn all day. Not really doin much. Holding something to make it look like Im doing something productive
Fry. I'm a fucking bum.
Leela. Nosy, treats her pet like a baby, wears a tank top all the time, general no-nonsense attitude.
Nibbler. People are always telling me how cute I am, saying "aww" when I poop, and then harvesting it for fuel. What none of them know, though I keep reminding them, is that I am a super intelligent being who holds not only the knowledge of all the known universe but will time and time again hold the key to saving the human race. And darn if I don't look cute in a sailor suit. 
Zapp Brannigan. I enjoy the finer things, like velour or champagan.
I'm Zoidberg. I'm going into medicine and am generally crazy.  .WHOOP WHOOP WHOOP WHOOP WHOOP
Not to mention the top hits of the 80s. And for me, there is only one 80s
I am fry for sure. I make poor decisions. Recklessly messy and i have the orange hair to boot. Also i am pretty much doomed to be a delivery boy for the rest of my life
Ha Go home before you embarrass yourself old man. .Edit: Quote is from S1E8
WERNSTROMM!!!!
Bender. Although Id like to Zapp
Hermes.  Boring, yet prudently invested.
We all noticed this.....
I thought it was Grrr...
That would sound like "guh urrr" and he said his name like "Ja Urhhh" - Ugh I'm bad at this, does that make sense? Maybe I'm wrong.
I also watch it every night but I haven't seen anything from the newest season D:
I think It would have been funny if they killed off NdNd because of the season 2 joke.
I upvoted for spelling allso for reference
That's because they are the same character.
You've cracked the case, holmes.
It's quite obvious. I don't know how OP didn't see it the first time he watched the newer episode.
thank you...thank you
Yes.
I've always loved that line, but felt it would have been just a bit more subtle if he'd said "That makes me angry!" instead of that makes me . angry.  Oh well, great moment regardless. :-)
Don't you worry about Futurama, let me worry about blank.
Only worthwhile show on TV?  Have you . of Community?
i hope this weeks episode is better than last... just saying
You lost me when you said it's the only worthwhile shows on TV any more. .Uhhhhh... Breaking Bad? Game of Thrones? Dexter? Homeland? Doctor Who? 
Did Comedy Central say how many viewers it needs to remain profitable?.Not to argue with the petition, but more to see what it would take..I remember in previous topics it was mentioned that Futurama may run over $1,000,000 per episode, which is a cutback in budget from when they used to be on FOX (and as a result, have less staff this time around).  So my guess is they need a buttload of people, probably more than the Daily Show/Colbert crowd to watch it? (does Futurama cost more than the Daily Show?).Out of the 27 million likes for Futurama, it would be assumed that a third are in countries that don't have Comedy Central/Netflix, and pirate it.  More than half watch it without CC for cable and watch it via streaming.  And the rest watching it, but can not be home to watch it on its premier viewing to see the advertisements, and most likely watch it when it re-runs or goes on streaming..Also, does petitioning/supporting the sponsors/advertisers help at all?   I remember Howard Stern saying the sponsors play a big part, and supporting them sends a message to sponsors wanting the show to continue and advertisers willing to shove more money towards it..Another question I wondered:  what actually made Comedy Central pick it up?  Did they see the sales of the DVDs (like $50 million in sales) and see the amount was so big that it was deemed profitable?
Anyone tried this: . ?
Dude, the internet is a scary place.. The guy who put up this petition is named on the petition starter. in 10 seconds I found his youtube account. in 30 seconds I found out, well, a whole lot more.."I'm Canadian, 32yrs old, red head, love chocolate, The Muppets, Musicals, have an extensive collection of both. Stephen Sondheim fan. Love Broadway, Comedies, Television, Classic movies, old Hollywood. I have a cat, Morticia and a new kitten, Bella/ I have a boyfriend, and we are both gamers. I love Portal 1, 2. We have an xbox 360, a PC, and a Wii. I'm in Toronto...".Be careful what you put on the internet.
I'm also a redditor.  And you just cut and pasted from my reddit gifts account, so it's not like it's private information really.
I believe in the show deeply.  Even if it fails and the show never comes to air again after this in a new form, it's showed the producers and cast and crew that there are still people who care about the show.
They will be missed.
I'm not saying that what you are doing is bad. Nor was I giving out information directly in my post. My intent with this was to point out how easy it can be to obtain information. if you are fine with sharing that, then that's cool. Just be careful because some people may try to use that kind of information to gain unauthorized access to... well anything..You'd be surprised how many people have passwords related to their hobbies or family mentioned in public areas of the internet. It may not seem like much, but your reddit gifts account could get me enough information to guess your bank account security questions or email security reset to gain access. That's just an example of how this could be used. Please be safe..In any case I appreciate what you have done, and have actually signed up myself. I do not mean any harm, and have not used this information maliciously, nor do I intend to.
No worries.  It just seemed like an odd comment. Thanks for signing. 
You mean the folk thing? Imagine trying to get someone into futurama and that being their first episode they see.
My god people. Nobody is forcing you to watch the show. If you don't like the writing now just turn it off now instead of waiting for the final airing. 
pfff. Bob's burgers. 
Because if anyone finds out about your love of The Muppets... well... consequences?
More like if I can find out where you live, what your relative's names are, what your name is, what your hobbies are, i have a really good chance of either guessing your password, or going through security questions to get control of your email account which in turn I could use to get control of damn near everything else. For example I need to know the name of your high school sweet heart which I may now be able to find on facebook because I know your real life name. I would need to know your pets name which is probably posted on some forum that you forgot you posted to 7 years ago. that kind of stuff..Access to email? Cool. I now see all of what you're subscribed to, and could easy send password reset confirmations, accept them, and gain access to anything you do. I am now "you"..This is why you should be careful.
I have to admit that I don't know if I want the show to end or not. It has literally followed my through the start, from a small back-of-the-newspaper notice saying something about this being Matt's new project, to this very day. .Through out the last two seasons, they just went full-on batshit insane, whenever possible. I like that sometimes, but at other times its like they try too hard to cram as many jokes in as possible. If you guys remember, the Professor used to be really old and a bad, slow driver, but now suddenly he is a racecar dude. I like the references to Benders love of folk music, but at the same time there are enough backstories to track at the moment. I really don't know if I like this or not.
Additionally, it's a bit heavy handed with the social commentary on year 2000 matters whilst being shallowly cast in year 3000. The writing, which was the backbone of the show, fell in quality.
I want the show to come back as it used to be, before the Comedy Central Execs put their influence into it.  If it stays on CC, I might as well withdraw my signature from the petition.
This, I think, is it's biggest problem. I turn on a Sci-Fi comedic cartoon to laugh, not to be reminded of the crappy world around me, thanks. 
Literally the one worth while show on TV?  No it isn't. .Tons of shows that are just as entertaining. 
Let it die
I figured that's what the online petition was for.
and get out of myyyyyy miiinndddddd.we don't seee eyeeee to eyeeee
oh my god an internet petition!  They sure can't ignore that!.Also, you must be delusional if you think Futurama is the only worthwhile show on TV.
I've been in touch with one of the producers.  Actually they are paying attention and thank the fans deeply for their support.
What ep is this
Come back to bed, Deary. 
Now it's past-y, then it was sort of now-y.
Well... it was a day or two after the Roswell crash he became his own Grandfather, but I still upvoted for reminding me of the 66th anniversary!
It's been a long time since I've seen this episode, because I forgot that this took place on my birthday! I expect my grandson to arrive soon.
wow, and to think I just watched this episode for the first time today.
Also who the fuck downvotes stuff like this?!  Honestly I thought the trolls lingered in the main "default" sub Reddits...
This actually might be the best episode of the show.
In 3 years this will be even better.
You mean: sixty six years ago.... now!
AND BECAUSE OF SAID PAST NASTIFICATION...
He had sex with a cornish pastry?
So strange, I watched this episode last night on netflix! 
No doubt one of the best episodes churned out for this series.
"Verily."
Gym renovations on schedule, what a load!
This yearly post is going to be so much more awesome in 2016.
Also because he did the nasty in the pasty we find out that postage stamps are indeed made of toad mucas
If I didn't go on Google 5 minutes ago, I wouldn't have gotten this joke. Good job.
Women!
This some American Pie shit.
Reddit manufactures those numbers because it helps prevent spam, but maybe it was downvoted for not being explicitly 'funny', and perhaps the down voters wanted more original, amusing content.
What really killed the dinosaurs?
I DID!!!!
MEEEE!!!!*
ffs....I've let myself down
Nah, that can't be it... 
were you offended 
Who hasn't? 
One time, and I was drunk. I said never to speak of it again...
Damn straight.
mmmm... past nastification.
Just watched this last night with my frient. Had no idea we were commemorating the anniversary. So good!

Actually when they crash the Farnsworth says, "According to the high-precision digital chronograph it's July 9th 1947." So really it's sixty six years ago tomorrow, that Fry did the nasty in the pasty. 
But the actual "UFO" crash happened on the night of July 7th. Rare mistake by the Futurama crew. 
Of course the high precision digital chronograph turned into a pin-up calendar. 
actually it depends on ops location, for me it's the 9th right now
Witch!
not really since it's still the 8th in Roswell NM
Nasty in the ....
Did anyone else hear this in their minds as "nastey in the pastey?"
I honestly thought that was the title. Curses
Verily!
We are celebrated poopers.
My favorite nibbler quote:.Amy: "Hey, Dr. Katz's name is Katz! Do you think he has something to do with all these cats?".Nibbler: "The conclusion is as inescapable as it is moronic!"
He had to!  .Gadzooks!
Someone needs to make a gif of fry and his grampa with the pin up. When Fry puts up the pin up of the girl to inspire him and he flips over to the guy. I can see that being useful. 
something funny they pointed out in the commentary: who exactly is this calendar marketed towards?
Bi-monthly bi-sexuals. 

Exactly like that. We are now friends. 
How about THESE cookies sugar.

Maybe it's my state of my or my affection for cartoons, but I would do Fry's Grandma. 
pick a number and get in line.
"Will you walk me home?"."How far is it?"
Past nastification.
Verily

Mr. I'm-My-Own-Grandpa

Leela:  Wait, if you killed your own grandfather, why do you still exist?
Fry:  I don't know, maybe God loves me.
[Bender laughs his ass off].^ My fave part from an already great episode 
my fav all time futurama joke
and in the very next episode, Bender MEETS God....Or at least, a space probe that collided with god.
What episode is that?
Godfellas. Probably one of my favourite episodes.
I think it was the highest rated on iMDB or something
That's because it's pretty damn brilliant.."We'll be with you soon metal lord!"."But you're with me now! This is the maximum level of being with me!"
"I was god once."."I saw. You were doing very well, until everyone died."
Easily my favorite episode.."You have to use a light touch, like a safecracker or a pickpocket."."Or a guy who burns down a bar for the insurance money!"."Yes, if you make it look like an electrical thing."
 
An emmy award winning episode at that.
Credit to the writers on that show. They have truly created some of the greatest content ever to be played on TV.
Yeah, it started with the Comedy Central seasons... 
wut?

Use The Infosphere in the future, it's a much better quality futurama wiki.
I'll keep that in mind, thanks buddy
coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee DING! coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee DING! coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee DING!
I tried to drink as much coffee as Fry once.  My nose started bleeding and I thought I was going to die..So, you know, I don't recommend it.
Lethal does of caffeine is like 10 grams. So about 99 cups. But when you hit that 100 mark, you move on to bullet time.
Yeah, the nosebleed happened on, like, cup 8..I don't think I'll ever make it to bullet time.

This isn't Yeminy! It's Siluacy! And my cup is shaking! I don't want my coffee shaking!
That guy behind him there is going to get really drunk.
Who's worst off the day after: Fry drinking all that coffee, or the guy in the background drinking all that wine?
I can get fucking horrible coffee hangovers if I pulled an all nighter or pseudo-all nighter and use coffee as a fuel. They are honestly worse than alcohol hangovers. 
You marry her, you marry her right now!
You snagged the perfect girlfriend!  She's rich.. she's probably got other characteristics..
You two are both so wacky and zany.
...Who finds a frog interesting enough to send a pic to their boyfriend?
Radda radda radda radda?
Im so painfully jealous
Are your hands idle playthings?
I felt the same way when my sister went thru her anime phase...
No offense but pro-tip: Don't put the whole joke into the title of a picture.
I love Futurama but this belongs in 
Meh... It's alright looking, I just don't think it has quite enough eagles in the dashboard, or under the floorboards. 
It's just that the Luxury Edition has so much more eagle...
Why was this in r/gaming?

Because it's a screenshot from the video game Forza Motorsport 4.
I would agree with you if it was a real Countach. Doing something like this to a real Countach would be a tragedy.
Dimensional drift!!!
I was going to ask why this was on ., then I realized it was a screenshot.
I honestly thought it was a real picture until I read your comment. Wow.
I was expecting a Thundercourgarfalconbird..............
Lamborghinis are the 2013 equivalent!
But there is so much less eagle
I think it's more of a warning
Since when did we heed warnings?
That's crazy. It's like saying that Bachelor Chow isn't an adequate substitute for food.
When I didn't have any friends, it made me feel like I did. 
Dem feels
That you, Hermes?
Should be a comment, not in the title. Could run the joke/reference
would it? can you give me an example?
If someone is really intrested they can just ask and someone will likely answer
its an annoyance though. and its a simple thing to add over having people need to ask. just like . should include game titles.
It could be an annoyance to someone who is posting it. I wouldn't remember to post the episode title everytime I post in this subreddit
This got 20 upvotes and 6 downvotes so i guess people like the idea
Good observation! Never noticed that, definitely some similarities. Also, two shows which rock and depict futures I woud want to live in. Heh, more so Futurama probably.
Yes and Ma Beagle from Ducktales, amd Ma and her boys from Goonies.There all influenced by Ma Barker and her boys 
WOw I had no idea thanks for that, that was actually pretty interesting.
yeah, but its not like she last long in CB... more of an on-going character in futurama
Ya she didn't quite make it out of the episode, haha.
Oh absolutely archduke chocolate and caffeinated bacon beat out  most anything Cowboy Bebop has to offer. 
You mean like this?
Yes. You win. 
This is probably one of the bigger ones I've seen: .
I'd love to see the show in a series format again, but I doubt that will ever happen. I can see another DVD film or two in the future, though. 
I wouldn't mind another DVD season. I don't live and die by it though. Futurama's had a good run and more opportunity than I can ask for.

You posted his other SFM video
how is this here? this has nothing to do with futurama. and who the fuck is upvoting it?.(don't get me wrong, i love tf2 and watched aladin dozens of times as a kid, but come on)

so why doesn't he delete the post and post the right thing. i shouldn't have to come to the comments. 
I think you posted the wrong link. 
Thank you that was awesome!
I like how Leela is a camera- you know, with one lens. 
Sentry gun with one barrel?  Yeah... Sentry gun with one barrel...
Holy shit it's my mutha fuckin' cake day!
You're probably right. Sorry, it was hard to tell and I've never played that particular game before. Happy cake day!
aww it's like when fry plays the holophonor
Super cute! 
Today is your day, it's Khalessi's cake day, what a day for a cake day let's all have some cake!
She should have painted the edges of the canvas. 
is she breaking up with you? those are awful. 
lol'd hard and then awed. ):  It's the thought that counts.
He's running on processor design over one thousand years old? Good Lord... 
Bender is 40% AMD.
Cheaper than Intel but just as powerful. Classic Bender.
They said in the commentary that they used that one on purpose because it's a favourite to be overclocked.
Just remember boys and girls: overclocking your robots is illegal. You don't wanna face the wrath of mom and her 3 idiots...I mean sons. 
You learn something dumb everyday!
OMG why is there no NSFW tag on this???? LOL just kidding.
Waka Waka!
Strange, considering all the Intel commercials the Simpsons did once upon a time. 
..hmm ..considering that the show is set in the future, why is it that bender runs off a very obsolete processor ? Its like running a brand new ford mustang with a ford model t engine ..Bad analogy ..but yeah

A little under, actually, I think. The Athlon IIs were 2010 or so.
[deleted]
yeah, fuck, we better go to those small business for our fucking microprocessors and other integrated circuits.
You realize you are in a sub devoted to a product owned by a corporation and funded by advertising dollars, right?
It was too expensive for MomCorp to install Intel chips on all the bending units. Maximize the profit margin, people, maximize the profit margin.
[deleted]
No, the episode was about how modifying hardware (that you bought legally) is against the law.
Well his ass runs AMD at least
OMG why is there no NSFW tag on this????  LOL just kidding.
See as how your new to reddit I'll give you a hint. Don't use lol ever in any post on any subreddit 
LOL thanks!
Wow I've never been reposted but I did this screenshot about a year ago already . edited: sorry op I suck not an actual repost but you have a better title
Welcome to reddit.you submitted it Aug 6 2012 and get 56.I submitted sep 3 2011 and got 59
.Its life you move on
Well I wasn't complaining but I actually think we have three different screenshots of the same scene. So I'm sorry Op I was wrong, and you had a better title than me.
my condolences sir
I had a terrible title oh well
Lolz
 It's all good all the time..Now this guy on the other hand has over 900K..Edit: and your right. That was the first thing I checked. I was wondering if it was the same image. Thought it would be funny if he was using my imgur image to remove it but he had his own image.  
lol so true
lols
This should be x-posted to .!
Where's the cooling? He could overclock himself and be ultra fast at bending. 
, but that one's much harder to overclock...
He had the brain power of a C64 or an Apple II!
And apparently his CPU was moved from head to ass.
Obvious explanation: He has multiple CPUs.
I think Bender still runs on the 6502, just his ass runs on the AMD.
That is why his can easily self combust.
In a low speed collision. I'm pretty sure they recalled that, thou
That was just his shiny metal ass...
Now that's what you call dual-processing.
That's what the whole episode is about...
which ep is it :)?
S06E25, 
Of course netflix only has the movies under season 6 and none of the episodes..List of the movies: Bender's Big Score, Bender's Game, Into the Wild Green Yonder, The Beast with a Billion Backs.
It's listed under season 8, episode 12 on Netflix.
So it is! Thank you very much!
I'll see myself out......
Of course he does!!! AMD= Another Mom Device 
or maybe Advanced Mom Devices, a bit more direct.
Yes, than makes sense
Bender's only 3.5 Ghz? I can run that!.Where can I get the Bendeing Unit OS?!?
He's 40% gigahertz
No, just 40% AMD
0.4GHz=400 MHz..Most phones are more powerful than Bender. 
He was made in mexico after all 
BeOS?
Is . what they made out of that .shovelware? I'm impressed.
BeOS shipped, and therefore is by definition not vaporware..BeOS had a strong following within the audio/video community due to its incredible low-latency.  The reason it failed was due to Microsoft exerting pressure on manufacturers to prevent them from shipping PCs with BeOS preloaded.
BendOS
FREEDOM! FREEDOM! FREEDOM! OY!
Why is it so small? It should be displayed large and proudly!!
MMM! Now that's a GRAND, OL' FLAG!!!
There's no denying it, the future's crazy. Oh, well. Don't wanna stand out. Freedom, freedom, freedom, oy!
Here it is larger. 
Any time I see a Keurig, I think of this scene.
episode?
It's season 3 episode 7
If only you hadn't cut off half the joke. 
I love how they labeled top and bottom.
*Favorite
Season 2 episode 5
thanks
one of the best things about futurama to me is knowing exactly what season and episode any scene is from. I AM THEONEFREE-MAN, SEE-ER OF THE TAPES, KNOWER OF ALL THINGS FUTURAMA.
I just guessed a random episode. Apparently only one person noticed.
ironically people believed you and downvoted the other commenter 
Yeah, even though I was right lol. Also it's ttf not fft ;) lol
I saw that episode though, you were wrong... that was the episode when the brains invade earth
Not according to Netflix.
and I just canceled my netflix subscription 1 week ago 
Haha, well, according too Wikipedia the actual episode "The Birdbot of Ice-Catraz" appeared as S03E09, and on the DVD set it's in it's intended place of S03E05. I have no idea where Netflix got S03E07.

It's all about the experience. 
Not in British English...
TIL British people like Futurama.
And Canadian
Everyone likes Futurama :P
And if you don't you're queer , No wait even if you're queer , no jews though,.....Okay jews
Literally just watched this episode and automatically knew he'd just open it. I'd have to say its one of my favorites as well! 
what episode is that called. I really want to watch it again
Birdbot of Ice-catraz. S03E05..Edit: Pulled my DVD. Birdbot is listed as the fifth episode.
[deleted]
Well then this wikipedia article is wrong: .Edit: Pulled out my box set. It has Birdbot at episode 5.
You missed the part where he tediously assembles it then throws it away
I don't know if any of you have used a keurig but they always makes me think of this scene. 
Now that's all ill imagine when I make coffee! Ahh, fantasy..
The black cookie part of an oreo is the best part..There, I said it.
Freshalicious. 
Is this all this sub is now? Posting gifs of the fucking show that we've already seen?
I'm with you on this one.  Have an upvote.
There really is only four things to do with your favorite show..1) Discuss events and realities of the show..2) Post original artwork related to the show..3) Bitch about the fact that the show isn't playing at that moment. (Including impending cancellation).And 4) Show funny screen captures, gifs, and videos. (Which promotes Item 1 on this list)
Seems the done thing now. Make 1 or more gif files of a scene, then post them to the internet. .Rather than posting a sodding video. This one I'm fine with, as it loops fairly well. Most of them are just a gang of gif for 5 seconds of video. 
The worst are the albums of low resolution gifs with yellow subtitles the size of a postage stamp. Seriously, if I have to squint to read subtitles on a shitty album of GIFs -- just post the video,
I still don't understand why almost everybody seems to hate the outer shell of an oreo. Eating just the white stuff makes me feel nauseous.
It's like dry icing.
I agree with you completely
Exactly the problem.
I like to dip the whole cookie, frosting and all, into milk and eat at once.

Haha hilarious moment although later in the series it's quite clear that Bender can move his body parts when they aren't attached.
Yeah, but most don't know that when they first see this. 
That still doesn't explain how the hell he does it.
How does it not? One arm remotely lifted the other, and then that one easily lifted the other one..EDIT: Oh, I see what you mean. Probably some wireless transmitters and receivers in both parts of each limb. The three peg connectors might in fact only hold things in place, and all data transfer is done wirelessly! .The future might be lagless.
I can't tell if you're screwing with me or not.
Well, now I'm confused.
You don't explain how his arms are able to defy gravity and float up to his torso.
I figured the one on the floor extended up to connect the first one, and then that one obviously just lifted the other...
I've never understood that joke until just now.
Explanation for the slow please?
He drops both of his arms and then picks them up with his arms even though he's armless. The camera is too zoomed in so how it was done remains a mystery.
His arms can climb and operate things as if they were attached to a body. Some episodes it seems his body is clumsy without the head attached and in others it seems they are much more precise, being a bending unit who can bend objects such as entire brick walls. Iv seen antigravity technology in futurama so my assumption always was he has this technology in his arms and body, also why he was such an effective swimmer despite his lack of propulsion when he lives with penguins. This would explain his arms ability to pick each other up. 
Mom's Friendly Robot Company has the most advanced, and thoroughly patent-protected, extensomatic arm technology in the known universe.
It cuts off the best part, where he throws the two cookies on to the big pile of trash.
iirc each piece came individually wrapped as well.
Oh I assumed he was reusing it, from this .gif
I thought the same. That the two cookies where made of plastic and provided with the assembling device.
watchcartoononline.com.It's made for anime crap but it has western cartoons on it too. The names of season production 7B / broadcast 10 are matched with the wrong episodes, be aware.
You could buy a season pass on iTunes (US). You'd get the episodes a few hours after they air, automatically downloaded if you set it up right.
project free tv. .link:  
ok all I'm getting is "access denied"....
I love this site
That's awesome
Is the game any good?
Yeah, the comics are actually hilarious! I happened to have bought one this week and have a fair amount of them myself. Highly recommend them :)
Yes, it's enjoyable especially since its Futurama theme. It is a lost episode pretty much. But it is no game of the year.
Awesome, I'll rent it soon!
I, too, often stare begrudgingly at my mismatched DVD set. I just can't buy more DVDs just because of the box, as much as I may want to.
how does the slurm tastes?
Like an Energy Drink that came out of a Slurm Queen.
Mother of god...
why is the picture of the Simpsons?
"Scripts" is a little bit misleading. It's just the dialogue, and it's not even organized into any readable fashion. You don't even know who was saying what.
Although we all know in our heads we were reading it perfectly word for word in the voice of who was actually talking....
 has transcripts of all of the episodes including who is talking ..
That is a much better resource.
Wait, I'm confused. Is it just that meme section that is blocked, of is memegernerator blocked as a whole?

ALL GLORY TO HYPNO-TOAD!!!
Are you of the belief that Nixon/Agnew is somehow specific to Futurama? 
I think it might be generic future-club music created for that part specifically.
It's a song written for that episode, called "Shut Up and Love Me." The special features of the DVD show the "making of" for it.
It's not this one, I think the electronic song that comes after, when they are in the restaurant. Thanks though.
If it ain't black and white peck scratch and bite.
there are also penguins at the funeral at the end of the episode
what episode is it involving penguin bender  
s7e17
What episode is this from? 
Fuck yeah, a reason to live. Woo hoo!
.
Its the very latest one that aired last night
I was about to ask the same thing, thanks!
"The Birdbot of Ice-Catraz"
Cheers!
One of the best episodes ever. 
lol the rest of the 100,000 Terabytes is formatted to bend inserted girders, make vulgarities, steal, not stop partyin', and destroy all humans..Sadly, still with no free will unit.
nope the 100,000 terabytes is all porn
Doubt it. It was probably formatted when he was jacking on. We need to see the root folder to verify!
I'm 40% porn, baby! 
*thud thud
also there are penguins attending bender's funeral
Hang in there dumbass
Reference to 'The Simpsons' hanging cat poster?
Absolutely.
Exactly my thoughts

It was big in the 70s. The Simpsons didn't come up with it.
I want that poster.
Having my grandmom stitch this up for me:.10 HOME
20 SWEET
30 GOTO 10
Isn't that recursive?
Want it meow
Right meow

Heh. Penguin personality folder is 50 times bigger. 
He has a deeper range of emotions as a penguin. 
Nope, same emotion just varying lengths and quality. 
Full of fish? .Not entirely.
Are we to believe this is some sort of magic Xylophone?
Wizards did it
She has one eye. One less eye, one less bone.
Well she is a mutant. My only guess is if it's a joke we're supposed to get would be maybe she's obviously missing a bone by having one eye instead of two (well, obvious to someone who knows that much about skeletal anatomy). If the lacrimal bone counts as one single bone maybe she is missing that..Edit: or she has one lacrimal bone instead of two, or no nasal bone? She seems like she has a nasal bone though.
Even if it's not scientifically accurate that a one-eyed person would therefore have one less bone, that's probably the joke.
This is absolutely false because the wild green yonder game out like two or three years before the bots and the bees. know your timeline fool 
I'm entirely aware of that. However I'm not a complete fucking idiot so I realize that Groening could easily create an instruction video displaying these robots when they were young.
nope. thats stupid. now you're just stretching for things. yea thats a tiny possibility, but its so random i dont know why you'd even but faith in that. sorry bud you were just wrong on this one. its alright, life will go on. 
[deleted]
lmao there is nothing to comprehend. you didnt have some genius epiphany. you just made a very random and dumb assumption. you must be in high school or middle school if you think saying i have a tiny brain is insulting. yikes man, i hope you dont call me a butt head too. 
i mean, the guy got new hand's and lasik, but yeah i'd go with it :D 
They have more differences than similarities. Definitely not the same couple.
Did you not watch the episode with Bender's kid? He changed . between ages. He didn't just grow bigger, like bender did (though Bender still had braces at one point, if I'm not mistaken).
No, he did not change drastically. Same face shape (addition of acne and braces to simulate puberty), same head shape (angled slightly different, but same nontheless), same antenna, same color, same body structure, same hand/feet structures, same blocky torso (though lengthened to simulate growing)..Also note that he went from baby to pre-teen. .Now if we compare the picture between the two couples:.Similarities: The males have same antennas; same arm structure. The Women have same arm structure, mouth and eyes, and part of her hair. .Differences: The males have different hands, different colored clothing, different hair style and color, different eyes (and lack of glasses), rounder head with a lump, the teeth on the older one seem to come straight from the bottom, whereas the younger one seem to start a bit above the bottom. The women have different hair color and styles, different hands, different colors.
Which episode is Benders kid?
Don't know why you got downvoted the builds are the same that's the only similarity 
yea, it is really robotist to think they are they same couple! You meatbags and watersacks always say we all look alike!! Well we can't tell you apart either, you oil-organ! ..unless were programmed to I guess...but no, in all seriousness. I highly doubt this is intentional. They use random background couples like this whenever bender is imposing himself socially. They make the male-bot weak looking/unsure in himself because we are focusing on Bender's domineering and alpha-male fowradness and then they make the fem-bot with what is often understood as "not as attractive" body figures because otherwise Bender's drive would direct him to be more flirtatious with her which is not the focus of the scene, especially when a more "attractive" fem-bot comes into the scene relatively soon. The body types are similar because of the type of common construction used for those bot-body types are standard for showing those previously described qualities..
That along with the girl's hair color and eye shape, and the guy's mouth and hair style. They might not be the same couple, but I don't think it's that much of a stretch.
The teenage guy has a square body; the adult has a rounded one.  They are not the same by any stretch of the imagination.  The hair isn't similar on the guy even.  They are totally different colors.  The teeth are way more extended in the adult to.  Further the eyes are totally different.  Hell they have totally different types of hands.
Wasn't this more of an ET reference when ET and the boy touched fingers?
this is dumb. Billy West has done voices for 100s of shows. there's no Ren & Stimpy references in Futurama.
How is a facial expression a reference?
They are rubbing butts as a sign of true deep friendship. (maybe the animated gif isnt working for you?)
Ohhhh, didn't notice that. Sorry.
They are rubbing butts because both of their butts are glowing. I don't think this counts as Ren and Stimpy reference. And you realize it isn't just the voice of Zoidberg but the voice of Fry, Professor, Zapp Branigan and more. I love Ren and Stimpy but I don't think there are any Ren and Stimpy references in Futurama. Spongebob probably has more homages to Ren and Stimpy because they were both Nickelodeon. 
The scene is a take off of the ET glowing finger scene. But instead of a glowing finger symbolizing friendship, its glowing butts. Which they rub together in the same gleefull way that Ren and Stimpy do on the show. (they do it in several episodes of Ren and Stimpy). Here is the animated version from a different epsiode: 
.and here is them doing it in the videogame : 
Yeah exactly it's a take off of E.T., the Ren and Stimpy one isn't a take off of E.T. and if the Futurama one is a take off of E.T. then it can't be a Ren and Stimpy reference because it's an E.T. reference. 
The glowing is an ET reference, the gleeful butt rubbing is a ren&stimpy reference
ALL GLORY AND HONOR TO HYPNO TOAD!
Wow! That's a ni--- ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNO-TOAD! @.@
So, is Lrrr a .?
And in the end, they all just had one regret.
My only regret is that I have boneitis.
Needs another option .Wake up . guy
How did you get Madagascar?!
Usually coughing crossed with water transmission works for me.
Everyone was too busy being 80's guys
"...oh, to be thusly boned..."
I understand the reference but is this a video game 
Yeah. Lots of games like this that allow you to make a name for your virus. The only one I remember the name of is Plague, Inc. Not sure if that's the one pictured here or not.
Yep, it's an iOS game called Plague Inc. It's 0.99 on the App Store and it's a damn blast..EDIT: Apparently it's on Android too. Sorry I didn't include that, I don't own an Android and I didn't know.  
It's on Android, too, for those wondering.
Free, with benefits if you pay. I like the paid version because you get to fast forward :). 
I used to be able to fast forward in the free version, they only patched it out like 4 months ago. What a bunch of pricks. Now I just don't play it. 
I got bored of it after a while.. There's only so many disease names before you get bored of the game. 
Seems like there's a lot of rage after the last update. Is it still playable without IAPs?
Don't you worry about boneitis, let me worry about blank.
Madagascar is easy in plaque Inc. Its Greenland you have tto watch for
My only regret .. is .. that I have ... Boneitis. 
Nice great advice... "Try this kids  at home!" is also great advice.
Good. Splice in some reactions shots of me and shove it on the air. I'll be in my 3-story trailer.
You left out the best part when he says "Oh, alright."
.  The Titanic didn't break in half when he said that. The ship just rocked 
Really?  Your favorite scene?  
Zapp, along with Bill McNeal, are the only TV characters who made me laugh every time they opened their mouths.
Kiff, I'm feeling the "captain's itch"
I'll get the powder, sir. 
I'll get the powder, sir.
Isn't it: "Oh, very well"?.
I use this line a lot when playing the board game Pandemic.."That special card that you have?  You may be tempted to use it when there is an emergency, but I recommend using it when there is a catastrophe".For those who know Pandemic, you know to save certain cards later in the game despite how dangerous things look now :)
Hard to show something rocking in a still image
That's for schoolgirls. Now here's a course with some chest hair..Ah, yes. Comets, the icebergs of the sky. By jackknifing off one after another at breakneck speed, we can create a gravity boost, or something. 
It's not uncharted, you lost the chart.
You win again gravity!
Lets see what this baby can do....Ah, she . like a bistro. But she . like a steakhouse!
I think it's just because bender uses "." a lot.
Its also funnier. 
This might seem like a strange point, but the only thing that bothers me about the newer seasons, is the musical score. I don't now why but it is different from the original. Other than that I still think it's a great show and the new episodes are enjoyable.
I honestly like this season so far more than the last two. I really feel like the last two seasons have been incredibly hit and miss. Those past episodes suffered from Flanderization and too many pop culture references. 
You're seeing the reason why it's getting canceled, and should stay canceled. While the writers still have love for their work, they're just becoming tired and never met the par of the original run. For example, that last episode was Ken Keeler's work, and he's probably the best writer. He wrote:."The Series Has Landed" (1ACV02)."When Aliens Attack" (1ACV12)."Put Your Head on My Shoulders" (2ACV07)."Anthology of Interest I" (2ACV16)."The Honking" (2ACV18)."Time Keeps on Slippin'" (3ACV14)."Godfellas" (3ACV20)."The Devil's Hands Are Idle Playthings" (4ACV18).Bender's Big Score.Into the Wild Green Yonder."The Prisoner of Benda" (6ACV10)."The Tip of the Zoidberg" (6ACV18)."Overclockwise" (6ACV25)."The Six Million Dollar Mon" (7ACV07)."Forty Percent Leadbelly" (7ACV14).The latest two just don't match his old abilities.

Idk I'm loving the new season so far, last nights episode struck me well. The only episode I didn't enjoy as much was the premier but it was still good. I was thinking last nights episode is among my favorites.
Yeah I agree with you. Definitely not the best season..
one of the things that has bothered me the most is that it seems like Leela is much more stupid lately. Everyone else, too, but Leela stood out most for me. 
Leela 'demonstrating' herself for prisoners? Since when would Leela ever do that?
I think its mostly the pacing. In the latest episode for example SPOILERS AHEAD in the span of less than 5 minutes, Leela suggests Bender to make a duplicate, he refuses, he dies, we see his funeral, it turns out it was his duplicate that dies after all, he becomes a rapper in Vegas. It seems to me that before there was more buildup, if they were going on a delivery then it would take some time to get there. Also the takes were longer. Now in this new season the characters just appear in locations and react to situations, its like this new season is made for people with ADHD. 
He's just moving his arms and somebody paused in the right moment. 
More than Leela having no legs?
Actually it stays like that for a bit... long enough for me to notice. Trust me...I don't notice things very well...
Did they resolve the duplicate Fry bit? Will we be seeing more of him later on in the season?
I liked this one, especially the beginning scenes where they were delivering the carbonite villian and Bender ditches Fry. The ending I thought was really rushed with how Bender's duplicate ended up dying and then he went on to sell out and become a rapper (fitting for Bender), but it was still pretty good. Of the episodes so far this season, I think I like this one the most. They even referenced Star Trek: TNG, although I'm blanking on what specific episode that was. .AV Club did a pretty accurate review of this one. It certainly isn't getting much love on the comments there but it's definitely not the worst episode this show has done. 
I thought it was funny. I thought the songs were funny and actually didn't sound terrible. I really loved the ending funeral sponsored by Apple. That was funny.
I thought it was illegal or something to say Star Trek, I don't remember what they said about it
The future's stance on robosexuality did a 180 why not Star Trek? 
Solid 'sode. 
"Cram it, nerd!" was a highlight for me.
Wasn't really impressed. ., but I didn't really think the episode very funny. The rapping thing at the end, while I guess it makes sense, was pretty lame. .Scratch that! Didn't he already do that with Beck?!? 
This episode was on channel 11 yesterday..Love the Grunka Lunkas
Bender gets it!
Freedom freedom freedom OI!
wat
Upvoted for Black Nixon!
this deserves way more upvotes
Who is that?
.  He leaked documents about the international spying program ..
Cool
Aww, I got a chipmunk.
Bender had the best one.
Yeah, instead of a badger or a chipmunk, Bender got a FREAKIN SHARK.
How did you guys feel about this episode ? I ask because a lot if people on ign are sharing the show needs to die as a true futurama fan I say the worst episode of futurama is better than the best episode of many of these crappy shoes like bob's burgers
Bob's Burgers is very understated in a lot of its humor. I think it may also help if you work in a kitchen. It goes over very well with kitchen staff.
It's probably just another physics joke.  Not all wavelength dispersion is a pink floyd reference.
Hey now, Bob's Burgers is hilarious..You're thinking of Family Guy.
This was also in an episode 10 years ago so yeah....
I've got to disagree I love archer bob's burgers not so much
I really want to get into that show, but the static animation is just so...off-putting.
which one i hope it.s awesome bobs burgers is just plain dry humor like king of the hill
I am talking about the animation, not the writing. And yes, I'm talking about Archer.
Never had anyone say they had a problem getting into archer it's hysterical 
I've seen clips, and it's definitely hilarious, but I'm not talking about the humor. I'm talking about how bad the animation is.
Idk I wouldn't call the animation bad its a different art style sure but it's not bad
In . the space train was used by Bender to jump to the biggest hobo jungle in the quadrant, Bumbase Alpha.
They've done that before. This is more of a reference to a Futurama reference to Pink Floyd. This is the that one space hobo episode.
So, Pink Floyd invented dispersion of light now?
No. But they didn't invent killing two birds with one stone either, I'd wager.
So I wasn't the only one who thought to themselves, "This show is both amazing and fucking weird"
I do have to admit though, out of the 3 newest episodes this was my least favorite.
Which episode is that? Is it on Netflix?

I much prefer ~100 petabytes. 
That it?
Just goes to show cloud computing is the future
nah, 0.1 exabytes is way more accurate
He also runs on windows (C: Drive as opposed to /root mount)
Well, to be fair, the Professor uses AOL.
UGH! I don't want to live on this planet anymore! 
A few months ago I lost my 500gb porn drive it was sadness :(  100,000 TB would be death dealing :((
How does one lose 500 GB of porn?
For those of you who dont know what the omni is 
About those kind of references:  In the holoshed episode, writers complained that the line "4 million lines of basic" would only be funny to about 3 people.  The draft writer's response was SCREW THEM..Having taken QBasic in high school and wrote my own turn based RPG for it back then, this made me laugh out loud the first time I heard it..Especially how bad BASIC is compared to today :)
Can you explain why that line is funny?
I just find it funny that someone other than myself knows BASIC exists..And programming something as complex as a horse in BASIC is just absurd to me.  .BASIC doesn't use object oriented programming.  That means everyone needs to know everything about the code, and it is a lot harder to alter and tweak the code.  Its like building your own PC compared to building a Mac.  PC parts are separate and can be upgraded or fixed without affecting the rest of your PC.  With a Mac, most parts are all soldered together and is a pain to re-assemble..By the way, the GOTO lines you hear (in 'hell is other robots' and 'that's lobstertainment') is a BASIC command.  I recall we hated GOTO because of the likelihood of infinite loops.   And coincidentally, infinite loops are mentioned at least twice as well (the Lucy Liu episode)
Did you catch the basic reference in the episode when bender first found the robot church.  They defiently love their old school computer references.
They keep touching me ....in places
Oh, give me back my hands!
Snoop Lion is awesome! he even commented on Futurama writer 
Does it have the pinup of the Professor? 
omfg I just saw that episode today and I was crying from laughing so hard
Where did you get that calendar???  It's amazing!
Amazon my good friend :).
Only .!
My wonderful girlfriend got it when it was like $20 last November.
Very cool and funny.
DON'T FUCKING TOY WITH ME LIKE THAT!
You may want to recheck that
*Season 7
Well actually it should be season 9.
Your spell checker must be faulty, that is a strange way of spelling "worst".
It is a great song, it's a cover of a Scott Walker song infact
Can I please get this . in 1080p? :(
I couldn't find any higher resolution than OP's, so I scaled up with Gimp. Up to you if the loss of quality is noticeable or not.

If you go to ., and search 'Futurama', there's more.

awesome! Thank you.
Can someone make a slurms mackenzie wallpaper?
Thanks! Rockin' one of 'em right now.
This is awesome. 
These are wonderful! My wife loves them :D
Reminder that you can download imgur albums by appending /zip so . to get this album.
Sweet, thank you!
Neat! . 

Bonder? Is it really you?
Hey, wait a minute! Bender's name isn't "Bonder", it's Bender!
You're a fraud!
Isn't there another episode where she gets tipped over and annoyed? haha.
She gets tipped over in the episode where Bender becomes a were-car I think
I'm glad you pulled through! I read your story last night and I got really stoked that David Cohen responded to you. Congrats!
Lay some skin on me dudes!!

Great job. Good on ya, dude. 
i'm curious how many times this one is gonna be re-used
There are so many throughout the show. I wish I would have taken screenshots of them all when I rewatched all of The Simpsons last year.
What episode is this?
...
Is anybody really surprised about any of this? They're both made by the same people.
, "Replaceable You".
i dont think ive seen this episode because i do not remember when Bart sets up a longboard with what look to be raw Randal II trucks...
I noticed this in last night's Simpsons. My DVR recorded the rerun, thinking it was a new episode for some reason, but I watched anyway.
Well... I saw this episode today on tv, I took a photo of it and posted it on reddit... I had no idea that it had been used before.
its alright :p 
...reverse kingpin trucks can go on a standard popsicle deck or a cruiser. Not often though.
Dude no shit. you don't want to challenge me on skateboarding shit. honestly, it's in your best interest to walk away.
Ha ha, check your ego at the door man.
All i do with the door is break it off the hinges and set up some sort of kicker....sesh?
Hey man, I'm all for working with what you have available... but now there is going to be a draft in the house! .Totally down for a sesh though. Let's kill it.
They do look like the hanger of a Randal. They have been the most popular for a long time so not a huge surprise that they look like that.
i'm just glad they're not gullwings.
 is a list of The Simpsons references in Futurama, and vice versa (it may not be fully up to date, as it does not contain the most recent Futurama episode).
it's like..they were made...by the same man!
i found this awhile ago..this episode aired a full year before the premiere of futurama
Really? Episode?
se 10 ep 9
, "Mayored to the Mob", the episode where Homer becomes Mayor Quimby's bodyguard.
"I'm gonna do what I've always dreamed of: I'm gonna write that sitcom about the sassy robot!".Season 4, Episode 19: "The Front". Aired April 29, 1993.
Damn, huge Simpsons nut here, can't believe I never or that reference... You rock :) 
Oh wow nice find!! 

Wil Wheaton popped up too.
Also, in his own AMA, Snoop says Futurama is his favorite Cartoon :D
yeah and then someone referenced david x cohen's AMA and asked him to comment there. 
Callin' em' like I sees them!
Whale Biologist!
 
Honestly this episode from the new season was amazing. 2-D Blacktop was good, but T.: The Terrestrial fell kinda short for me. 
Oh, good ol' pseudo-sophisticated Bender!
I love your username. Have an upvote.
People aren't really interested in art that isn't tattooed on fat guys these days.
I hate your username.  Shove this downvote up ur ass
Everyone's voice sounds a bit different.  They changed at the start of the seventh season; they're lower in register, and the characters seem to be speaking slightly slower.  Zoidberg's voice really bugs me in the latest season, which is a shame because I loved Zoidberg and his voice tremendously up until season 7.
Nope, it's just Maurice LaMarche. Maybe his voice has changed a bit.
Ahh thanks for the info 
Perhaps they picked up a new post production engineer, or are using a different studio/software for the voice overs
He's a bit older, and personally I think he's trying to make it more distinct from Morbo's voice (which is exactly the same)
Which, for everyone that doesn't listen to the DVD commentaries, is an injoke that Lrrr, Morbo, and H.G.B do have the same voice.
Maurice LaMarche said doing Morbo and Lrrr's voices hurt, so I guess he does Lrrr's different now, due to the many lines he'd have in a given episode. 
Funny, but...Believe it or not, i have more important things to do today than laugh and clap my hands.
This is how chrome works. 
This has to be one of the least forced macros I've ever seen.
I lol'd . Rare.
i will try to find out the old passwords on my throwawys to give this more upvotes. it's that good
you should delete your old accounts on the internet in order to keep them from being hijacked and impersonate you as a spammer as a result.
they are literally just embarrassing posts and names and passwords. no emails no personal  info
Fantastico!
This was so perfectly crafted I'm a little bit mad.
'' Awsome. Awsome to the max. ''
That guy.
"hey you want some gel?" "nah I make my own"
 Sorry doesn't look like it works for the latest version of FF
i used . with the add on stylish to make my own, all i did was hit edit instead of install and replaced the old (really really long) url with .. then installed
I should do this tomorrow.
i can find the "chrome" folder... can someone help me?
Open start and type %appdata%/mozilla/firefox/profiles and then press enter..After this go into the folder that has seemingly random numbers. In this folder you'll find a 'chrome' folder that contains your userChrome.css..If you need further help customizing your Firefox feel free to ask. This is my FF: 
Me neither. The article is from 2011 so fairly out of date according to internet times.
I tried searching the entire Mozilla folder and other ones for userCustom.css and couldn't find it so it seems like they've done away with it. Sorry guys
yeah, but theres no "chrome" folder
I see..I guess we could go balls deep and try to add our own chrome folder.
The folder doesn't contain anything but the .css and any custom icons you might want to link to in the .css so I guess you could just add the 'standard' .css unless you're using custom icons..So just create a 'chrome' folder within the random numbers folder and add a file called userChrome.css.
I'll go scavange the internet for a standard .css but in worst case I could upload my .css after I remove all the custom parts in it..edit: 
Try to just add a chrome folder, add a userChrome.css in it and then add the following:.Replace 'insert image url here' with, well, the URL to the image you want in the about:blank..There's a chance it might works since I have a suspicion that the userChrome only inserts code into a different main .css file and thus the userChrome doesn't require a complete .css but only a part of one.
i tried that already :/ i ended up modifying a style for the "stylish" addon, it turned out pretty good, so i don't need any more help. thanks anyway though!
Could you do a favor for me now that you've added the stylish addon?.Go and look for the chrome folder again and see if installing stylish made it appear.
don't think so
about:robots.Check about:about to see all the about:x pages.
It includes some very useful ones such as about:config that most people don't know about.
Too perfect for this sub.
Can you explain this for me? I am stupid. 
As in, "Bite my shiny metal ass."
"Don't you worry about Planet Express, let me worry about blank."
Blank?  BLANK?  YOU'RE NOT LOOKING AT THE BIG PICTURE!
Blank EVERYWHERE!
This joke gets posted every now and then along with the Bender "remember me" bit, but the Firefox hair was a nice touch.
My only regret.......is that I have Chromeitis.
looks like he wipes the electric outlet off the wall since it doesn't appear behind him.
It sure does appear behind him.
It lags behind a few frames. For perfection it needs adjusted, or better yet... Remove the three repeating items.
yeah, i still have the psd, thinking of texturing the floor/walls a little instead of the can etc... it's a bit static without anything there, they are precisely animated (they move 19 pixels a time) but at 16 frames it will  be a bit 'steppy' :)
Its honestly great as it is. The only need to make it better is if you want to use it as a moving photo frame for the desk. Even then. Great job.
Shut up, baby. We know how to make gifs.
Decision 3012, about 11 minutes in.
 THE PIRATE BAY 
How would that help him?
He could download it, and cut it using a video editing program.
...sorry I wasn't very clear.
yes, but, he doesn't know which episode or season it was in, which, knowing that, would help him find the clip on any site, whether it be comedy central, netflix, iani.me , etc...
Oh.
Now I feel stupid.
I TRIED! Sorry, didn't work out! 

Damn fine work, at least you can hear it.
5 second clip, no body needs clips that big! 
Let me axe you something 
Will it be here or there will be other thread?
Hi, Dav! What happens if Philip J Fry had two heads? (It means there are two Frys sharing a whole body, like conjoined twins!)
Woo hoo!
Yaaaay! so AWSOME!
Hi David!  Huge fan of the show.  Given that the show aired on differnet networks, after the last season has aired, how likely is a complete series box set on blu-ray?  I would love to have the older episodes on blu-ray especially.
On ..
Thanks, posted!
I hear the X is silent
Dude. Three things. One, this was posted two days ago. Two, this happened at .. And three...it happened at 8:00 EST. That's like 4:00 MST.
Hi David, big fan of the show and sad to hear about the cancellation! Any possibility that Futurama could continue online with content creators like Netflix, Amazon or Hulu? Or is it possible for fans to get behind a Kickstarter campaign and help Futurama continue with self-funded movies? Thank you!
You, uh....might wanna re-read the title. Sorry.
1366x768 ?
Dat Spore galaxy!
its my weird screen
It's not weird. My resolution is the same. 15.6" screen 16:9 aspect ratio. 
Well, he is a whale biologist :)
All I know is my gut says maybe 
If you don't watch the show, why do you care? .And no, he really doesn't. .Compare that to the pic of Fry Cosmiclocke posted, and they look nothing alike, aside from their skin color. Nose is different, eyes are different. 
He in fact doesn't really look like Fry in a helmet. This is what Fry looks like in the same uniform. Very distinguishable. I think you're more likely just noticing the similarities in facial style that a lot of young, thin characters have on Futurama/The Simpsons and coupled with your infrequent viewing habits you're just mixing them up.
If I don't make it, tell my wife "Hello".
Maybe they knew it was a Futurama reference and were just giving you the benefit of the doubt.
Thanks! I've been trying to figure out what episode bender did that
That's what she said. Wooooo! 
Is that... Life?
It is pretty clever in their part. Saves money by reusing footage and keeps continuity. 
the brain balls.  they've got a lot of brains, and a lot of.... chutzpah.
Well yes. That is the joke.
The entire joke.
Yep, that shawn was referenced in The devils hands, Crustacean in love, and Love and Rocket, and in a comic book as well. The new episode is his first actual appearance, yes.
Well on a few occasions he tries to hammer a nail... With another nail so I'm going to go with he's just not the brightest bulb...
Fry is dumb because he does not apply himself. .Look at things from the perspective of his younger brother. Fry is a super-genius on the basketball court for example. Basketball is fun for him and thus he becomes very good at it.
In what episode did Fry have a younger brother?
an idiot savant?
No, just a really lazy genius. 
do you think he is aware? .nailing a nail with a nail?
You never know...
He's a slacker/ every man that normal people are supposed to relate to, he's a young man that has yet to do great things just like most of us.
Just realised something, Lars really isn't that stupid. Is Lars the un-nastificated, "original" duplicate of Fry from the 20th Century (one who actually had Enis (Enos?) as his grandfather)? Or is he the same Fry only not as immature, lazy and stupid?
He's the same Fry.  It was a time-duplicate Fry from the year 3000 who went back to the past and stayed there for 10 years and 'matured' a bit before going back to the future.
No I'm...doesn't. 
Only a few people in the entire universe can play the holophonor, and they aren't very good. Fry only needs the manual dexterity to be a virtuoso at it. Fry is actually a genius in much the same way Mozart was. 
Actually it seemed like he sucked at it until he found his seven-leaf clover.
also he becomes great at the holophoner when he gets rid of his stupid hands
The Luck of the Fryrish
Yancy is Fry's older brother.
Pretty sure he's dumb because he's his own grandpa. No delta brain waves. Not the stupidest, but pretty dumb in 99 too. People in the future weren't all smart either.
Edit: fixed
Delta brainwaves.
And that past nastification is what shields him from the brains.
He did do the nasty in the pasty.
Verily.
I say this line often in real life. I'm glad someone else remembers it.
Marvelous.
Shut up and take my money!
What he said!
Btw this image and the other I linked in the comments are 1080p (or at least really really close, I think 1920x1078), so desktop wallpaper away!
Also: 
"What the hell has been going on here?"
Don't you worry about blank, let me worry about blank
My guess is that he is a shark.
Thats one helluva go-getting Reganaught
shouldn't it be "that guy"
My only regret is that I have... Bonitis... Bleh...
We're just a couple cool 80s guys
I'm going to buy you so many stink lizards....
Aren't you cute?
SQUAAAACK!!!!!
SHUT THE HELL UP!!
how dare she call me a booger blaster?! I'll last a booger so hard...
Here is what the linked imgur.com meme says in case it ever becomes unavailable: .  . .  . .  . . | 
You people are a bunch of negative nellies. Seriously who gives a fuck? Downvote and move on. 
and everything else.
*Le brave Futurama.
DAE think things like this make le sagan-rama great? 
Such a shame that this season will be Futuramas last... :'(
*Cough cough REPOST
Math?
A visual math joke. Only a show that has a producer with a Ph.D. in mathematics would put a joke like that on TV.
Math?  This is arithmetic.  Also, PhD not required to make this kind of joke.
For whatever reason, when I first saw this joke, I thought of it as 10 boots. This was exponentially funnier to me when part of the joke was that her estimate was off by 10 boots.
[deleted]
(Weight of 1 boot) x 20 = Weight of 20 boots
Not required, but I think someone who brings that kind of background to something that is essentially mass media, along with the lower-brow stuff (it's Futurama's classic formula) should be given lots of respect.  I'd rather see more stuff like this on TV than Family Guy-style "wackiness" and fart jokes.
I'm with you on everything. But Futurama has so many geekier jokes. .Take Taxicab Numbers. Futurama had a taxicab whose number was a Taxicab Number (87539319). If you are into math or numbers, check out the Wikipedia page. Also interesting how the numbers came to be named. 
That's what I'm saying. I know they have had geekier jokes (the body-switching theorum is a classic) but it makes my nerd heart happy that even their lame throwaway jokes are put to some kind of standard.
For the love of god, 
Repost! I posted this with the exact same caption as well.  Three months ago.
Oh so you're a subscriber?
why does . hold such a monopoly on these sorts of titles?
 is a different kind of shit.  The title is just the quote from the (usually obvious reference) image and then the comments are all just quotes from that episode.  .zero discussion.  Just stills or 3-frames from the show.
What episode is this?
The Deep South (s2e12) 
That explains that. I had watched most of this episode on TV once and never bothered to re-watch it when I decided to just get through the whole series in one week.
 

My favorite line is from the "What if Machine" episode where Amy says "Great boots! Do they come in women's sizes?" 
It's titles like this that make me dislike Reddit
Doesn't this imply the crate is weightless
Not necessarily: you are using multiplication and a generalized weight, which means there is most likely error, and so saying something is "X-times heavier than something else" should not be taken literally (for this example). .Basically, because you do not have a definitive weight on the initial boot, there is absolutely no way to accurately measure the weight of the crate (relative to this example)..So, say that first boot weighs ~5 pounds, that would make the crate would weigh ~100 pounds + weight of crate, correct? .However, that is just an estimate: what if the boot actually weighed 4.9 pounds? Well, then the whole thing would weigh 98 pounds + weight of crate, which would cover the missing weight, would it not?.See, because you do not actually have the weight of the first boot, it cannot be taken literally.
the future
I don't agree with what you are saying. What's inside that box weighs exactly 20boots. Exactly..Of course we know how much a boot weighs, 1 boot..What do you thing pounds and Kg are? They are "boots" that we picked to weigh other stuff. You are saying that we can't measure how many pounds is something, because we don't know exactly how much is a pound? If it is 10 times heavier than a pound, then it weighs 10 pounds. We don't care about the weight of the pound in these kind of measurements. (we care, for other reasons)
I have a few questions for you, then:.I'll answer these to make this go along faster:.Now, the original argument, was asking if the line "Whatever it is, it's 20x heavier than a boot" implied that the crate was weightless---by saying the item hooked was 20x heavier than a single boot, thus the weight of the crate non-existent. .I disagreed with that, by making the argument that there was no way for Leela to be saying that literally, unless she had actually gone and weighed the first boot. Reason being, Leela had no idea of knowing what was on the line, and only had the vague reference point of a single hooked boot; therefore, without knowledge of the boot's actual weight or the ability to perfectly recall how it felt on the line, it would be foolish to assume she meant her words literally. She may be able to be accurate, as evidenced by what she said, but one should generally never assume/expect precise results without any form of measurement. .Therefore, why should her line be taken literally and imply the crate was weightless, if there should be no expectation that her methods are precise enough to warrant as much?
10 pounds  4.54 kg.*In Development | . | . *
This is why we can't have nice things! 
5 pounds  2.27 kg.100 pounds  45.36 kg.4.9 pounds  2.22 kg.98 pounds  44.45 kg.*In Development | . | . *
Shhhh
It may imply that the crate weighs the same as 1 boot, if you interpret "20 times heavier than" differently from "20 times as heavy as"
Yes, the weight of the boot + (20 * the weight of the boot).
I bet you David X. Cohen wrote this joke and he is searching the internet to point this out, where he will then supply a premeditated reply where he points out that the weight of 20 boots on land is equal to the weight of the crate and boots in water since the mass of the crate just so happens to be equal to (volume of the crate plus boots)x(density of water) to create a buoyancy force making this joke perfectly accurate. Classic David X. Cohen. 
Mr. Cohen?
Does 1782. + 1841. = 1922. ?
No
On a standard calculator it does. 
The wood is buoyant 
You guys think too much about a simple joke..The crate is . neutrally buoyant.
Yeah, my brain might be over-analytical.
i think we posted this at almost the exact same moment in time, so I'm going to let it slide. But don't think I'm not watching you....
o_O
Things like jokes?.Great. I'm glad jokes make you love a comedy.
TIL people can't appreciate a show in its own subreddit.
not only that, it's a lazy fucking joke too.  like most of the jokes on futurama
Jokes are my favourite aspect of comedy.
It's just pointing out the obvious. Yet the majority of reddit upvotes him. This website is flawed haha
Weird, I just learned people can only appreciate a show with terrible post titles!
Tough crowd!
It's kind of surprising.
Exactly 
uh
You reposted my picture and stole my caption.
i bite my thumb at thee sir
Do you quarrel, sir?
Exactly, . always posts jokes from the show, but the titles aren't stupid shit like "This is why I love this show"
 usually just has the title as a quote then posts the an image with no text. This post would have been titled "Whatever it is, it is 20 times heavier than a boot." then the post would just be the image of the box of boots. That kind of formatting works really well when your audience is familiar with the joke. This is the type of title you'd see on .. Alternative . title: "Every time my girlfriend goes fishing".
And then you get mega-comment karma for continuing the lines for the rest of the episode in the comments.
This sub is the worst for the "It's things like this" pics..I love you guys but I'm seriously considering un-subbing. :(
im just about there now too. Instead of cool fan art, relevant pics (not screenshots) and just entertaining stuff, all there is now is screen grabs from random episodes with a stupid ass title. One more of these and its time to unsub. The bob's burgers subreddit shits on this one, it always has interesting, show-related stuff. I wish this place was more like there...Not just screen grabs from the show.
What other type of content would this subreddit host?
It's things like this that make me love acmercer..Also yeah, whole "It's things like this" is getting old. That's basically what this subreddit has devolved to.
Oh you.
Without this sub, I enjoy futurama. With this sub, I remember clever things from the show and it makes me laugh.
You think people would have a more original title to use. JOKES MAKE ME LOVE FUTURAMA is just lazy..Or the DAE Futurama is Sad posts.
DAE frozen dog i cri evrtim?
hahaha so fucking sick of seeing a gif of seymour waiting and "makes me cry everytime"
Possibly one of the core elements.
Jokes on them, that crate probably weighs at least six boot's worth
This show isn't smart enough to account for the boxes weight.
Yeah, that joke makes absolutely no sense.
I didn't see this scene the episode ended just before here
So now were just putting the spoilers right in the title?
I wish he said something like "We saw you bone!"
Zoidberg is in no mood for any shit clearly.
Repost
"you can freeze like a 30th century man" for some reason this song makes my eyes leak.
Dont get it please halp
122.9....for gas?
Yep. 122.9 cents/litre (Canada)
Given that we don't know dark matter IS exactly, it's probably pretty expensive.
Forgive me if I'm being a dumb American, but how do you pay a fraction of a cent?
Rounding; have you not seen the 9/10 in the price at every gas station?
Fuck, I'm stupid.

Thank you i would have NEVER got that
Ha! Brilliant. 

That's not Zoidberg, that's an Ood.
Nice dude, looks like alot of work.
It took a lot of time yeah :P but I love it and want to go to art school 
Is the painting style a reference to .?
I guess the original was, but I did see a futurama poster like that in color
that's cool man
How much?
You would buy this? whaaat I've never sold anything before
I would totally buy that! I love it.
Guys if anyone is interested in buying this having me paint something else from futurama I would love to start selling
Thank you!
nice job! good luck with art school :D
Thank you!
The best I can do is $5, and I am the one taking the risk here. 
Mean :P
Haha I'm glad you got the joke. Seriously though, that's a really good painting. 
Thank you! It never occurred to me that someone would buy it.
))<>((
Is this kid the same one from the poplers episode. His name was Jrrr as well.
Yeah? I thought it was one of the dumbest fucking things in futurama in a long time.
WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON HERE?!?
A2A?
Does anyone have a decent still of the glow butt friendship?
.
Awesome, thanks!
I hope the trend of the future is Netflix picking up cancelled shows like Arrested Development. 
I agree - doing the network dance must be disheartening to the creators 
That's wicked cool.
I kinda love how they just went whole-hog on the stoner shit.  I think because this is the last season they're doing as much fan service as possible.  Reminded me of the episode where Leela and Amy are trying to get Fry to shower with them.  
As someone who's on The Wire, Season 3:.'5-0'
The best part of this episode, is the gift of what has to be my favorite Zoidberg line....when Hermes is assigning partners and it comes down to Zoidberg being the only one left to buddy up with...Zoidberg gives the wing and gun and says " Looks like you got screwed again my friend." 
I thought Omicron Persei 8 was 1000 light years away and was only getting Single Female Lawyer a few years ago. How are they getting live TV with Nixon now?
"It's not lame, it's lam."
Best one-liner of the season.
Red tops! We got red tops!
It was better than the last 2 episodes, but it still has a very strong The Simpsons vibe. They've ruined it, I might not bother to watch the show after this episode. It was such a great show, and they completely fucked it up.
 
'WMD, get your WMD.'.On an unrelated note, I'm probably flagged by some organization or other.
They increased the speed of light a while back. That could have something to do with it. In any case it is likely that newer shows are transmitted by a faster medium, The older shows were still traveling through space at their original speed.
Well how did Bender see Fry's SOS 1000 years before he should have? This is unacceptable!
Remember, increased speed of light. 
He used a telescope
You can't be serious...
I have a feeling I just wooshed hard
I was wondering the same thing.   
Too much stoner humor and turd jokes for me, but 8/10 solid parody. 
the promos made it look bad by using the turd bit, it would have been funnier if they implied it without using the word turd
The stoner stuff I was fine with but turd is just such an unpleasant and un-Futurama word. I flashed back to in-a-Gadda-da-Leela and Fry talking about taking a dump. It's cringeworthy..Beyond that, I generally dug it.
"They're getting away. Love harder!"  ."We can't sir. The men have been hurt too often."
They didn't need to...
BLINKY
There was actually a three-eyed fish in the pilot episode, when Fry goes through the tubes and under the water. The commentary on that episode has Matt mentioning that Blinky was the only character to have been pulled from The Simpsons for use in Futurama.
Oh man I want to drink an all-syrup squishy and then go on a Broadway-style musical bender.
Thats funny. Would seem most people are well over The Simpsons, but Futurama is still well loved. 
On the back it says "Not sure if awesome gift... or crappy arts & crafts."
LOL I was thinking "Not sure if art... or advertising".Cool though! Whoever gave you that, knows cool gifts.
Indeed!  It was one of many cool gifts in my package.
New New Jersey. Aw yiss.
It looks like Washington is still called Washington.
Washington 
Washington State
Look closely - it's Washingtron!
Happy to say I am a proud resident of the Penn Republic.
Sylvania REPRESENT
Sylvania!!!!! Somehow we got all the snow tho wtf
Same. Penn Republic FTW!
We shall lay siege on Sylvania at dawn! 
Well you are more Northern...also Pittsburgh has The mountains to protect it (at least where I live) so my town could get half an inch and my friend 30 minutes away can get 6 inches.
Good point, the mountains can get a lot. The farther north you go above 80 the worse it gets haha. And you can keep Philly lol
Can we just give Philly to New New Jersey?
fuck you my great great great great great great great great great grandson died fighting in the war!
What is cropping.
Learn to crop OP
The alien writing on Utah says human farm
I feel physical pain whenever I see this.
jesus christ not again
I liked the "We can't just let in every Tom, Dick, and Harry who walks in here. No offense, Jefferson, Nixon, and Truman."
"Everything is like, somewhere man"
ever
just watched this one yesterday
GET A JOB
YOU DIRTY HIPPIE!
Anyting
Evah
Ever....

not sure why i always forget about this one, but it's a good one.
Futurama has been one of the few pieces of media to ever move me to tears. 
Bender is great!
I was afraid to click on this after reading the title. Alas it was not the infamous r/futurama repost so upvote for OP. 
You need to have a brewing system with TNT in it. So that way you can blow it up like in the episode.
Awesome!
This episode was literally JUST on Tv.
This episode is on CC right now!
"You can't blow up my statue!  Then they'll have nothing to remember me by!"
Put dispensers in the mouth that shoot fire charges!
There are dispensers in the eyes doing just that, it was hard to get a good picture of it though.
Oh yeah, that's right, the fire came from the eyes.
We need more Original content like this on here. :) Thanks for contributing. How long did that take?
About 4 and a half hours. Now if only I can get it to bellow "REMEMBER ME!" between fireballs...
"Are they going to remember me, or the statue of me?"
"Build it again, and this time don't embarrass yourselves!"
High Priest: But, sire, we made it to your exact specifications..Bender: Too exact if you ask me.
"Ladies and gentlemen, the Pharaoh...suddenly died!"
I laughed so hard at this, I wonder if it has a casino in the basement
There isn't... yet.
" You've convinced me life is worth living... by showing me how bad my funeral will suck!"
If this is some sort of inside joke within the futurama universe than OK, but if you were serious... fuck no man. And this is coming from someone who considers Breaking Bad the greatest show of all time.
The inconsistency that bugs me is that the Planet Express crew has delivered inside the palace before, in that episode with the candy hearts. 
I don't get it.I don't get the link between the title and the picture, explanation please?
With no spoilers its from the latest episode
And what if I don't care for spoilers?
Lrrr says the title of this post right after he watches this sequence.
Lrr is watching TV, and this is an ad for a new show about a normal detective with no special abilities like seeing the past or talking to ghosts, but instead actually solves crimes the old fashion way. Thus he is the finder outer
Is it really a spoiler? It's literally the first thing that happens in the episode, and it's just a one-off 'commercial'.
Not really, but better safe than sorry. Besides, I hate having the small jokes ruined for me, so yeah.
Of The Simpsons?
sweet toke of ocracoke! this stuffs the omichronic!
The title is a quote from the episode.
what episode is that from ?
The newest episode or the next to newest. That might be why it is unfamiliar.
I'm pretty disappointed with the unrealistic nature of that photo.  At the moment that the bullet exits the barrel, the slide should be all the way back with the barrel exposed.  It's like they don't even care.  

When Itchy plays Scratchy's skeleton like a xylophone, he strikes the same rib twice in succession, yet he produces two clearly different tones. I mean, what are we to believe, that this is some sort of a...magic xylophone or something? Boy, I really hope somebody got fired for that blunder.
Actually, a browning action autoloading pistol (just about every modern non-blowback pistol) will spit out the bullet before the slide starts to move back. This greatly reduces pressures coming out of the ejection port..With the amount of muzzle flash shown, the slide should just be starting to unlock. Check out some high speed footage on YouTube.
S07e16 The terrestrial 
has it been shown ?
T: The Terrestrial
Yes.
where can i see which episode is airing
On your favorite torrent tracker
No, T for turd-eater
It was this week's episode.


yay, Tom Hanks!
!

Anybody else notice the glaring plot holes with respect to earlier episodes? In an earlier episode, Lrr, in his living room, is watching television from before Fry was frozen, and it was just getting to him. But in this episode, Lrr is watching earth television without any time delay. Not a huge deal, I still love the show, just kind of out of character for creators.
I'm not sure on that one. The first time they showed him watching TV. He was in his space ship. His whereabouts were uncertain.Whereas this episode he is on omicron persei 8. Anyone one where his planet is relative to earth?
I'm fairly sure in the episode where the omicronions invade earth when Single Female Lawyer is knocked off air, it shows Omicron Persei 8 is 1000 light years from Earth. 
They probably switched to QE (Quantum Entanglement) transmission at some point between the 20th and 31st century. I very much doubt the still use radio communication in Futurama, however young attractive lawyer girl show was still using conventional communications, which is why it took so long to reach Omicron Persei 8, but Nixon's embargo declaration was sent via QE, or subspace, or whatever, it's Futurama, they don't care about consistency. I mean, why did they have a baby picture of Bender of him looking exactly the same, because you know, robots don't grow, but then in a later episode he literally was a smaller babylike Bender?
Yeah, in a way I like that there are inconsistencies. I mean, a huge part of the show is that it's a show where they can make literally anything happen, and not give two shits about the physics or plausibility of it. That's pretty awesome.
You could also say why didn't Lrr recognize Fry because in an earlier episode he was about to eat his lower horn.
Earthlicans probably all look the same to him...
As evidenced by the Leela/Orangutan incident
Both could be true! Imagine if you're standing on a planet 1,000 lightyears from Earth in 3000. That planet would just be getting our radio waves from now. At the same time, technology could very well have advanced to the point such that real-time communication was also possible with Earth. 
Very true, maybe they beefed up their telecommunications after they made contact. 
As mentioned in the other thread pointing this out.
1) Yes the speed of light has been increased which explains Lrr being able to see Nixon's address
2) At some point in the episode, Lrr demands to see "Hot in Cleaveland" which would be a 1000 year old show in the 31st century..There is no inconsistency.
Thanks for pointing that out. Sorry I didn't see that there was already a thread about this before, I just thought it would be interesting to see what . thought about all of it. I've never heard of Hot in Cleveland, so I had just figured it was some show in the future the name of which was some other reference I wasn't getting.
How do we know the finder outer isn't from hundreds of years ago? 
Just repeat to yourself: "It's just a show, I should really just relax."
I thought the episode was pretty thin all over. I liked a few of the jokes but it didn't really have the magic for me. 
No magic?? But what about the flying bicycles? Which are a perfectly normal thing to have?
I'm not sure If we are both missing each others point or if I'm just missing yours, but I mean figurative magic. I didn't like the episode in the same way I don't like new simpsons. I'll still watch it, I'll still probably laugh a bit, but it's just not that great. 
Ah, but this does resemble a show from the 21st Century, right? And the blockade is around his planet - possibly they are blocking the signal from reaching him?
That was my first thought as well. But he gets the broadcast from Nixon talking about the "cultural embargo" with the Omicronians right before the broadcast goes down, so it's definitely year 3000s.
Maybe that was broadcast from the ships in the blockade.
You could also postulate that after his failed conquest of Earth, Lrr was appeased by offering him Satellite Television.
Satellite TV doesn't travel faster than broadcast.
They could make up some technology if they really cared, but tv signals travel at the speed of light already. I guess they'd need to have the comedy central wormhole pumping them tv shows or something!
Didn't they increase the speed of light, but the old waves were traveling at the speed at which they were emitted, so the 1000-year-old waves are reaching Omicron Persei 8 at approximately the same time as modern waves. That's my guess, anyway.
Oh yeah I forgot they did say they increased the speed of light, which ep was that in?!
S02E15 'A Clone of my own'
That's especially baloney.
You've got a degree in baloney
Nothing is impossible, not if you can imagine it!
Nothing is baloney! That's what being a scientist is all about.
What about the scientist who developed baloney?
Since nothing is baloney, he was clearly not a scientist.
No, that's what being a magical little . is all about.
its preposterous, the whole thing is preposterous
he could have updated to cable in that time... 
Not now, son. NBC needs my love more than you do.
i loved that line. they're fighting to keep it alive..
It gets better when you're on that omicronic.
I hope they do another scary door before the end
It could also be something much better...The second one.
I was on Disney's Tower of Terror, and all I could think of is this being "Behind the Scary Door"
I'm glad I wasn't the only one
IT TURNS OUT TO BE MAN.
There was a scene similar to this in one of the more recent Hulk movies. I can't remember which one but they seem fairly similar.
Thanks, man. I'll check them out. We actually thought it was more of a classic type movie made prior to 2001. Maybe the scene was merely similar and not a reference, like . scene in Threads, but given the movie's ., I doubt it's where we know it from.
It's actually from the 1950's a testing site had cameras and mannequins setup to observe blast radius from different distances from the primary detonation. mannequins were placed in a diner with automobiles outside and the resulting footage was released. If I knew where to find it i would. I think that futurama is not referencing it so much but maybe a happy coincidence. 
You know, you may be onto something. I watched the explosions from Trinity and Beyond and the movie about this specific event. The scene wasn't in any of them but maybe i just projected words onto an image. Good thing David X. Cohen's doing AMA, I'll ask. Thanks!
Information about this MemeDad image, in case it goes down or is hard to access:.Meme name: Not Sure Fry.Top text: NOT SURE IF FRY.Bottom text: OR T. | 
I now realise my mistake, I should have mentioned it being a spoiler. Also that's not very good. But I'm willing to suffer the downvotes for my error.
Here is what the linked memedad.com image says in case it ever goes down: . | . | 
[deleted]
You are referring to . post. That paper was on June 17th. This OP's paper is from today. Check your facts son.
Rochesterians? So I'm not alone out here in the internet.
Upvote for Futurama and Rocha-cha!
Rochester Democrat and Chronicle!  It's da Roc! This is the most exciting thing to happen to Rochester since John Stewart talked shit about our muesem on "The Daily Show"
What did he say? Was it about RMSC or Susan B or Eastman?
Isn't this a repost from last week?
no tl;dr
fellow Rochestarian?
That's New Rochester!
ex Rochestarian here
Today's newspaper. Sorry, I don't live in the future.
I didn't see what subreddit this was in so I started reading the article, trying to understand the title..I'm real dense sometimes.
I did the same thing. But I also thought the article was a screen cap from the show so I was thinking "Dang, that's immersion." Now I'm just dumb. 
What continuity? wasn't he supposed to eat his mom when he grows up?.Also, he's amazed at Fry being a terestrial, yet he went to earth earlier that same day..Lrrrr doesn't recognize Fry after all they've been though together..The news station gets all excited about a spaceship on it's way to earth, but earth has a trade agreement with Omicron Persei 8..I'm not saying it was a bad episode, but all they've been doing recently is going back to where they've gone before, and bring back old characters. I find that a bit lazy.
I'm pretty sure they are bringing back old characters since this is probably the final season.   
I thought that was one of the best episodes in a while, although I do wish they'd make some new characters. Bringing back Guenter last week was lazy, and it seemed out of place.
Lrrrrrrr is probobly racist, can you tell the omicronians apart from each other?.the only real problem i had with the episode was that maurice lamarche forgot how to do the voice
Lrr has had 2 wives maybe the first was eaten, your second analogy is like saying I'm not surprised there was a Bengal tiger when I got home bc I just went to the zoo that day and I was used to it. As for him recognizing fry do you not remember omicronians have trouble distinguishing one human from another, remember Leela got swapped for an ape and Lrr didn't notice. A trade agreement isn't as big a deal as a huge warship on its way from a species that openly declares itself as hostile. So in closing zeroach is your argument is deeply flawed ironic you recall old characters but previous episodes make sense of all the problems you have presented. Also benders great 
But in Lrrreconcilable Ndndifferences Lrrrrr recognizes Leela..Also, Lrrrr's first wife, the one who liked lilac, died long before Jrrrr was even born. So your explanation makes no sense either..Oh and by the way I don't recall old epidodes, I know them all by heart..I don't care if they want to change the canon just so they can do a crappy joke, but I don't think it's fair to say that Futurama has continuity anymore..It's my opinion, downvote all you want.
Maybe 'when he grows up' means when he reaches maturity or is full-grown. And he's amazed at Fry being a terrestrial because that takes place on his home planet where there aren't currently supposed to be any.
i was wondering if the kid was the popler as well. this is speciffically why i came here
SO DEEP
does jrr acknowledge meeting bender and fry before? because i'm pretty sure he did, when leela shows him to the planet express crew in shock
He was a baby!...Baby memories don't really last :P
That was one intelligent baby then.
What episode is the one in the right?
The newest one, from this past Wednesday.
Kif fly the white flag of war...
The infosphere is practically the official wiki, so I'd use that if i were anybody
infosphere ftw.
Leela looks way too big to fit through the door
I like how he's drinking "Lobrau" beer later in the episode. 
What a coincidence. 

Shut up baby I know it!
nice catch!!
Possibly inspired by ..  Another of his paintings was referenced on 
I also love how the alien kids poster said "be prepared to devour your enemies" while fry eats his toy earth
Interesting how the skin on the magazine person is Simpsons shade yellow.
It's the subtle jokes on that show that are the best.
Circlejerk on Futurama? WE DID IT REDDIT
I just finished watching this and didn't even notice. 
Imagine if one day they actually do an episode where Bender turns into a human and he looks exactly like this.
[deleted]
Yes the best one so far!
Check again
Haven't they always drank Lobrau? I know this wasn't the first appearance, but when did it start?
Season 1. 

I noticed it too! I love this show's attention to detail.
It could be easier to draw?
Jrrr had Blinky from the Simpsons in his fish tank too!
Reminded me of another episode: 
Yeah, that's the joke.
[deleted]
You suck, McBaine! 
It really infuriates me that there's no apostrophe in the word "thats".
Have you ever noticed how men always leave the toilet seat up?
Oh come off it, some of us wouldn't have noticed otherwise. 
It's almost like they meant to do it!
Yeah, he says D'OH! a few moments later. 
I SWEAR It said circle jerk at first glance
[deleted]
 
EDIT:.
Take reddit's suggested guidelines as scripture and, instead, do whatever the fuck you want regardless of how the admins think you should conduct yourself.
LOL, DAE this?!.
EDIT: omg upboats?.
EDIT: what, the hell, reddit, way to downvote..
EDIT: Le Hooray, my top voted comment.
EDIT: Hijacking to say it's my opinion and I know I'll be downvoted for this, but I think DOMA is literally as bad as E{XBOX1}A.
Wow thanks for the gold, I cant beleive it
Today is your day, it's jonathan's cake day, what a day for a cake day, let's all have some cake...
Hahaha that was great, much obliged! 
Time Keeps On Slippin'.
S3E14.
He wrote "I Love you Leela".
It's one of my top 3 favorite episodes, I'm 100% sure.
"ARE YOU FUNKY ENOUGH?"."no"."Deal with it."
Too late hotplate 
That sad ending is what made it great imo
I think he's tried to differentiate it from Morbo over the years.
He wasn't really using his invading voice all episode. He was just being an Omicron dad. 
Yeah I was kinda confused. When shows usually first air a show they don't edit it much, then shorten it after. You aren't alone. 
They're airing it again at 12:00EST (which is in a half hour) so I'll watch it and see if it's shortened again..EDIT: yep, it was shortened. CC only shortens some episodes some times, so I wonder if we'll see it in full on TV ever..I doubt we're missing much.
I think they actually just restructured the abridged version of the intro, so they could keep the cartoon on the giant screen..The iTunes version is also abridged, so it's nothing to do with CC.
Also, Leela seems to have 0 legs?
Heh, also Amy and Hermes.
Amy looks fine, and Hermes' right arm looks smaller than his left arm
OH GOD WHY!
It was a very immature stretch.
Pro Tip: Look at Fry's arms.
While I can't agree with your reasons, I agree with your overall statement. I'm ok with this being the last season. It is a fantastic show that had a great run but all good things must end.  At least this show is ending with me still liking it and watching every week. First rule of show business: always leave them wanting more.
What if they are lowering your standards for the mind blowing finale that is going to unite the fans and demand a new season because we saw improvement!? As zombie alternate reality evil Lincoln said let not the fans ask whose ass to blow smoke but let the smoke be inhaled by Hermes who is then robbed by bender but remember it was futurama that has given you a reason to be disappointed only through once being satisfied. If I know that particular Lincoln then I think he's right! If it was good once so shall it be again... I mean zoidberg is popular if that can happen futurama can be good again. 
Very nice sentiment, but I don't believe it.
They actually increased the speed of light, if you remember. Presumably, the newer transmissions would arrive sooner than those from circa 2000.
im just waiting for netflix to buy the rights or some shit 
Well if you think about it logically the technology has obviously progressed to no longer being beamed out at light speed, you know this because in the issue where they were watching the old TV show Lurr was able to contact earth instantly with his displeasure rather than it taking 1000 years for his message to come back to earth.  So while they are still receiving the signals, picking them up, and translating them to be seen from the old (to us current) technology new broadcasts are coming over a new standard that isn't limited to the speed of light.  It is like if you sent out a space ship right now for some distant star there is a good possibility we would develop new technology which would be able to catch up and pass that ship before it reaches the destination.
I love this answer.  Although, then why did the blockade matter?  They still had at least a 1000 years of TV to go through...I'm just being picky and cranky.
Honestly I don't really watch TV so I haven't seen the episode in question.  I was just trying to think it out logically.
It is annoying as the show otherwise is remarkably consistent.
I thought the same thing, but who's to say they haven't updated their tech or something?
I'd imagine they would up the technology after what happened last time earth tv didn't happen.
They upgraded to fiber.
The blockade must have a short range signal scrambler.
The speed of light was increased at some point, but TV transmissions before that weren't effected. So they get older programs 1000 years later but newer ones at the updated increased speed of light.
yup this was "explained" in the commentaries
I think it's okay..Lurr demands to see Hot in Cleavland which is a 1000 year old show (atleast, I hope it doesn't carry on for 1000 years, although featuring Betty White as a head-in-a-jar would have been nice)..The transmission of Nixon might be explained by him transmitting to Omicron Persei 8 directly, which based on their other technology of the 31st century would be reasonable.
once I had a friend who I KNEW was pregnant because her mother told me...so I saw her in public a month or so later and asked her when she was due.....she already had the baby and I have avoided her to this day! 
This was a line from Calvin and Hobbes!  I hope they were paying homage:
I've done that.  Just reading about yours made me cringe all over again.  What I'm trying to say is don't worry about it, it'll just haunt you your entire life.  
Also, when speaking Spanish, don't mix up . and ..
Yeah, when reading the title I thought it was a reference to the "embarrassed" joke, then I remembered that they are false friends.
I've never heard embarazosa, is that like apenada? 
embarazosa = embarassing
embarazada = pregnant.embarazada is indeed an english "false friend".
i've never done that, but i asked a lady if her 3 month old baby was a boy or girl though... she wasn't too pleased when i asked... stupid gender-neutral colors
hey its your cake day!
I dont understand how ppl are still trying this... It's NEVER worth it.
Old men do it a lot, I am pretty sure they give no fucks and it's intentional.
That lady is stupid. Babies show no sign of gender until they're like 3 years old.
They're just bald little lumps of crying during that point. 

Hilarious! Where is this from? I made a reverse Google Image search but only got some tumblrs and pages that used it as stock image, no source.
NEVER ask a woman if she is expecting.  .I don't care if it's the tiniest girl with a huge, obviously pregnant, belly..It's never worth thee risk.  
It works also the other way around. If you mention "hmm you pulled some weight since last time, time to cut down a bit on the pizzas" and she is pregnant, you are going to want to vaporize and disappear from this world forever..Also never point about "oh so you got married" or talk about the dad. She might not even know who the dad is and leads to akward looks and moments.
As someone once told me, even if you see the baby crowning and someone's getting ready to cut the umbilical cord, . ask if a woman's pregnant. 
Well they arent pregnant at that point...
In my defense, she was talking about babies.
Girls are pretty much always talking about babies. It's like, a conversation filler for them. Whenever there's an awkward silence guys say "so, how about the weather?" whereas girls say "so, how about babies?".
the finger i see it! 
BIGGER!!!
Its the lava beer that really makes it for me.
God needs booze!
New nick cage? 
Bite my colossal metal ass!
I think you need to tear it down and rebuild it.
But we followed your specifications perfectly!
Too exact if you ask me.
REMEMBER ME!!!!!!!!!!!
I hate when I have the same idea but show up too late lol
Right?

Damn you
Damn! I was gonna say that!:)
I came here to make that comment. I am just happy someone remembered! 
Lol yeah when I saw it that's all I could think of and I feel like I've seen that episode pretty recently
I came here to the sudden realization that I am, in fact, not original in the least.
i too came here and found how unoriginal i am
So it's unanimous, we're all one person.
What those guys said.
You mean, what . said..Prepare to enter, The Scary Door...
I fucking love Hagen-Dazs ice cream
I find it funny how the number of upvotes goes down as you go down the comments
I don't.
Curious to see what you look like so I viewed your profile, your transition is awesome but I just don't get understand the nappy fetish, haha.
Imgur.com
Good point. In that episode, there's a camera that tracks Fry, Bender, and Cubert's every movement while they play video games, and Mom uses it to track them down. And there's no controller.  It's just like Xbox One.
Are you high?
Have you been talking to Randy again?
dude. cake is just gay bread.(_o)/
Does it matter as long as I'm right?
The kinect already had a motion tracker, and I'm pretty sure the Xbox One will have a remote.
but the Xbox one has a kinect BUILT IN the same way the XCube has a motion tracker BUILT IN. That has to be abstract enough to warrant curiosity.
Thing is that Overclockwise aired almost a year after the kinect's release, but you can be curious,  I'm definitely not stopping you.
There's more, but my tablet is being stupid.
In the third one,  Hermes looks like he's making a ":3" face.
Revit.....I hate you and your unexpected fatal errors.
At least 3x a day I ask Revit, "Why is this not showing up?"  
DVD?!?!
Ah yes, the HP 1740. The classic work monitor.
"Why the fuck did it join like that?!" 
"Where the fuck is that line coming from?!"
"No! I don't want that angle! I want the angle where my pointer is!" 
These are some of my favorite thoughts (ya know, cuz I can't actually scream at my comp screen at work).
[deleted]
If I have to make a change to plumbing piping it takes the slope out of that whole system, I'm looking at you vent piping. _
So you never actually watch the episodes? You just pause it and work?
Do you never use VLC? Cause that is playing my friend. 
Oh, well, nvm then.
i use my netflix on the right side of the screen.
I did that at my old company. Now, I watch it on my phone until my data plan reaches about 75% - then I resort to other measures. 
This was a pretty sad episode though (The Luck of The Fryish).
It's all fun and games up until the last couple of minutes.

I work with two monitors bro, and it has! 
haha, yeah man! I got in trouble for streaming too much. IT said in one week I had personally used a quarter of the bandwith. So I pulled out the dusty discs. My file cabinet now consists of DVD's.
Quite an achievment. Bravo! So long as you don't use up all your bandwidth, whilst your workplace & the rest of the road is on Virgin Media - Smitty & URL might give you a beating with their light-sticks, otherwise.

Beat boxing is actually John Di Maggio.
Edit: Damn typo's!
Reddit is a lot like pimping except you rarely have to use the phrase "upside your head"

recursive
Huh, purple hookerbot has a downvote on her chest
10/10
Is this some kind of self-fulfilling prophecy?

I'm gonna' make my own front page with hookers and guns...
That's how I felt 2 days ago

Because you're so original.

So edgy
Listen pal, no on cares about how you daintily nibble on your sweets.
made it to the front page twice... Bite my shiny metal ass.
Blackjack & hookers*

That's just silly
Stephen Hawking in a pizzeria!
You're back, baby!
She has a downvote on her chest. I'm sorry, bro. Only following the orders the universe gives me. 
Shut up man, I know it.

So you celebrated by getting on the front page again? Kudos. 
Shut up baby I know it
Worthy. 
As a reminder guys to sign the petition.
. #Futurama #SaveFuturamaAgain #SaveFuturama
I'm sure his girlfriend helped him celebrate in other ways as well. You know how it goes. Girls dig the upvote count.
Save it.. then save it again...?
Why not?

No, she had gotten the ratings from the future.
How the hell do . celebrate?
You feel smug and you let everyone know by getting to the front page again, you do this over and over again till everyone hates you
You know, I almost didn't make this comment in case some happened to go through my history and interpreted it that way, but then I decided that no one could possibly be that bitter and cynical.
I never get to any front page, so I just sit in the shower with a cheap bottle of wine, crying. 
Bullshit

I don't know of any laws currently restricting the actions of robots.  The argument that he lacks self determination as a robot and can not be held responsible for his actions can be found in  episode "Free Will Hunting", which would make him not responsible for his actions..Possibly depending on your definition of ethical.  Since Bender is not human, his actions towards humans have to be judged similarly to how humans behave around animals.  Since humans are not expected to monetarily compensate animal families when they kill an animal, also since humans don't receive jail time for killing animals with cars, a robot could argue the same differentiation is present when a robot kills a human in the same manner..So it might be completely ethical.  
Did you study law? Because that was really good
You probably don't need to study law too hard to know that there aren't any laws that restrict the actions of sentient robots.
Ok then
 has no need for ethics!
Leaguey Weagueys.FTFY
Was Calculons stepbrother a leegy weegy too?! 
Edit: had to fix auto-correct error. 
Where is this from?
I found it on a frinds FB. I'm not sure where they found it.
Thanks. I had just taken my best shot at it.
What's a leeagy weegys?.Edit: Spelling
I think OP meant Leaguey Weagueys which is what the members of the league of robots call themselves in the movie "Beast with a billion backs".
Thank you! I'm amazed it took 3 hours for someone to reply. I thought that I must've missed something big in the show. 
Yes. IIRC he's always standing around. 
You appear to be correct! Haven't seen this episode in a while..But . a complete list of all known members. One of which is . 
Hhehehehe I like humor 
Looks like it's from one of the comic books.
Yea, I see the bottom of a speach bubble coming out of Bender. Good spot.
From the same issue, are hilarious references such as:
.
and
.(Yes, I'm a huge nerd)
Totally, only nerds understand Star Wars references
I think it's more that I'm a nerd because I'm sharing pictures of a comic book I read with the internet.
From the infosphere:.The League of Robots is a secret organization of robots, held together with the main ideals of protecting the honor of robots everywhere, and the killing of all humans. .....The members of the League call themselves "Leaguey Weagueys", and their main activities involve lounging around a fireplace "blathering".  
Pastarama = Flying Spaghetti Monster. 
Poop...haha...ahah...pooP
Gif needed!!!
Thank you for the new desktop background.
Those were the greatest of infinite guys I ever knew.
Hey, I didn't know there was a big play button in the middle of the screen! I'll have to rewatch it.
...what?
I feel like such an idiot for trying to click that button.
The Bender artwork? 
It looks like a nod to the ..  Lol I'll have to show my friend.  Since he is one of the people that did it.
I DON'T BELIEVE IT!
I've always wondered why Homer's children are blonde, considering he is not and neither is Marge.
Careful now. Those kinds of questions can get a man killed. Even the Hand of the King.
Marge dyes her hair.
There HAVE been a few episodes where the aspect of Marge dyeing her hair have been brought up, but I suspect that it's a "keeping the gray hairs at bay" dye job and not a "blonde to blue" dye job. Even as a child, ..
There's an ep of the Simpsons where Lisa mentions that scientists theorize that in a 1000 years people will have a fifth finger. Such a wasted opportunity.
Five Wongs make a right?
Maybe it's a mars thing. How many fingers does Amy have?
I think it was more just to make this part of this episode make sense. Leo Wong usually has ..
He's a mutant! 
Leo Wong is God!
They may live on Mars, but they're still human. 
If you call that living.
You've come to the Wong place.
Host-man! Host-woman! I'm having a wonderful time!
I broke your television!
This is talked about in the commentary as being very significant because it is the only time in Groening's career that he wanted a character to have five fingers.
Other than God in The Simpsons.
Also ., although that was likely an oversight and not 'wanted' by Groening.
Whelp, looks like I'm changing my background pic. 
This looks right but it feels so wrong.
I coupd not agree more
You'd Bender agree with him! 
Since when does Reddit downvote bad puns?.Next we'll be complaining about too many cats.
He's a horrible freak with pink skin, no overbite, and five fingers on each hand!

...what is this from? I get that it is supposed to be bart lisa and maggie but is it from the show or what?
It's from "Lady Bouvier's Lover" (S05E21) when Homer tries to imagine what their kids would look like if Grampa Simpson and Marge's mom got married, thereby making Homer and Marge brother and sister.
As u/ancel3 says,

Wow, you are fast! let me try something....R/iamadick

ha ha! fools on you!
Shouldn't you say, feels so 

It's old news, but finding that stuff on your own is a pretty cool experience, huh?
Yeah. 
Also, the theme for the '39 World's Fair was "Building the world of tomorrow". 
If I ever win the lottery. I will commission episodes to be made.
Futurama will always live on in my heart.
and in syndication.i wouldn't mind more movies
If I ever win the lottery, I will change that period to a comma.
Listening to the commentaries, he's made worse episode by episode. They say things like "is this where we decided he should be poor as well as a lousy doctor?" X) So I think the joke is just to have an unpleasant, smelly, tragic malpractising doctor on the show XD
Zoidberg: "Good bye friends! I'll miss you ... Good riddance to them. Now Zoidberg is the popular one!".
Farnsworth: "Yes, yes. Let's all talk to Zoidberg."
He is the Meg of the show.
zoidberg is hated because it's funny
The whole running joke in the show is that Zoidberg is hated by the other characters. It started off as a feud between Hermes and Zoidberg and they got so many good jokes out of Hermes hating on him that they eventually expanded to all the characters hating him.
Because its hilarious
Have you ever seen Parks and Rec? He's basically the Jerry of Planet Express. It's just a role in a comedy setting. Someone has to be the butt of a joke. This trope is called . or perhaps a better fit is ..
he's my fav.
There might be an unknown joke, but the main reasons they give is that he's a smelly, ugly crab monster.
Haha that's what I figured, poor Zoidberg :( 
We all love him, and that's what matters.
He is also poor. 
Just like Meg!
That's what I was going to say. Every show has its Meg, and Zoidberg is Futurama's.
Shut up, Meg.
what about the fact that he is a horrible doctor?
I just watched this episode last night after posting this thread! Funny coincidince. 
He's a good doctor, it's your fault for being human!
I wanna get bender and slurms...and definitely fry
I got it from ., Nibbler is also very tempting to get...
Those are the full size ones and not the blind box ones?

Zoodberg and that other one looks like Kiff.
Rounding up aliens? Why not Zoidberg?
Can I get a link to the comic or more details?
details above. =) 
Sorry for the lack of details. .It's Action Comics #863 on story page 6. .Noticed it while I was looking through the issue at work. .The book on comixology: .Humans are rounding up aliens to arrest because in the 31st century Aliens are seen as a threat to the purity of humanity. 
I hate to say this. But if you could touch everyone up to look more like they do in the show and lettering. Then this would literally become my favorite futurama fan art ever
terribad
Love the Pokemon lettering, haha.
Honestly for me, that's the only thing that sucks about this. It's just a half step above Comic Sans. It doesn't fit the mood at ALL.
I just drew them with a pen, then scanned them to try and do something on a boring day. I'll try to redo it better and make it seem like the inside of the PlanetExpressShip.
I agree, it looks kinda sloppy, but the premise behind the drawing is really cool.
For anybody who's clueless what this is a reference to, there was an entire sequence about the graffiti in "Proposition Infinity".
Yes, her boobs. Scruffy was staring at them as he passed and fell, remember?
I figured it meant the artist decided to make them bigger.
When Bender said "'Bite' my shiny metal as. What did the word 'bite' imply?
Right, but what does the Prof mean she "upgraded" them. 
I assume implants
She put a better processor in it so it would run better.
Which episode?
2-D Blacktop
Rewatch the beginning of the episode. If it still doesn't make sense, don't have children
.....Yeah I still don't get it.
I never realized how each character had a certain color associated with them before I saw this... It all makes so much sense now.
Why does the professor look like a pirate?
Awesome work! Any way we can get one with inverted background/text colors?
Very nicely done...will save both.  
i will also use this. nice work
Cool man, upvote for sure. 
Using the black one. Great work
cheers~
Hermes... :)
It took me a second to figure out who that was in the pimp/cowboy hat then I realized it was the professor in his "Good News Everyone!" pose.
Do you call it "True Colors"?
I prefer dark backgrounds. Great job though. Do you have any more?
This is great! I'll use it as my wallpaper. Good Job OP, this one stuck on me. 
Don't you worry about planet express 
That looks nice. A black background version would look awesome. 
I love this, I just can't use it because I dislike bright wallpapers. :_:
He remade it in black
How dare you leave the Wash Bucket out of this?
I know this is cheeky, but are you able to do a tall one for mobiles? I'd love to make a theme using it!
I love this!! You did a great job :)
Is your name Jony Ive?  
Awesome! now make one for the Simpsons :P 
This is great!! :D 
just made a black one for someone else, didn't change the text colors though because they still seemed to pop pretty well. 
Oh wow, thank you!
it's too bright for me, unfortunately. Can you make it black? :)
I would buy a poster of this. Hint hint. ;)
"Shut up and take my money!".Never felt so right...
Hey! Where's Scruffy? The janitor!
I was going to ask the same question. Without scruffy to read all the porn ma..... I mean clean the toilets, Planet Express is incomplete!
He's gone to clean the toilets I guess ha.  Obviously their are a few more big characters but i went for the ones that sit around the table to hear the "Gooood Neeewwws!"
Scruffy and wash bucket sometimes like to hear the good news. 
This is an excellent wallpaper in my opinion. I'm going to use it. Thanks! 
Thank you, I'm a sucker for simple/clean designs. Enjoy!

Awesome, thanks.
Came here to ask for that, perfect.
MUCH appreciated! You have a good day, sir :)
I'm not reading all that crap, sum it up in five words or less. 
It was a good episode.
this and the last episodes restored my faith in the show
I never lost faith
"I LOVED PIMP-A-ROO!!!" I just blurted out loud in a coffeeshop and am now trying not to snicker like a child.  
the picture of him handing him back his pimp gun, was even more epic lol
Iiiiiroooonic!
I laughed so hard at that scene. If course they have to cancel it right when the show's really starting to shine... 
I felt like they set that whole episode up for that joke
Is this from the new episode?.If not, is this new episode out? Or when does it drop?
Came out Wednesday. Here's some links. ., 
You're an absolute champion. 
I feel like this was a reverse android reference..One of the most popular android ROMs is AOKP: Android Open Kang Project. The team was famous for "pimping" their ROM..(Or maybe I'm just reading to much into it.)
Am I the only one here who clicked on this thinking it was related to Bonnaroo??!
Yes.
Kind of a lame joke, in my opinion. Futurama writers can do much better. This wasn't very witty, just a pretty bad pun
Come on, it's a kangaroo in a pimp outfit, I think that's pretty damn funny.
The idea of it is definitely funny. But the entire joke is that they say the word "pimparoo?" They couldnt even make a better joke to accompany that? 
Handing Pimparoo her gun back really sold it, though.  
Yes I saw the new episode too.
HOLY SHIT I FORGOT THEY WERE AIRING FUTURAMA THIS WEEK
DUDE YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO
Build a time machine and circle around to last Sunday?
torrent, of course??.PS I'm behind 8 proxies
Too bad backwards time machines haven't been invented yet...
So just go forward in time until you loop around to last Sunday.
You should have used the image of him giving the gun back.
There should be a week delay before you can post new stuff
Or maybe just a weeks delay before you read stuff. We can't put a gag order out because a few users haven't seen the eps yet. I'm in the UK and I've watched 'em.
Labeling also works
But you can't just expect people not to talk about new episodes of a show they obviously have an interest in by subscribing here. .I've seen spoilers accidentally before and it sucks when you're not looking for them but the new episode aired less than three days ago, of course people will be talking about it. Its your own fault.
again, labeling
Still not peoples problem. What if I'm new to the show and the endless stream of 'Jurassic Bark' or 'Luck of the Fryish' posts spoil it for me, should we label anything that could potentially be unseen to people as a spoiler?.If you didn't get the title, knew there was a new episode and still click the link I have no sympathy.
If I'm basing this on other comments, people seem to be in a rush to discuss the episode and be involved in the community, however what you're saying is F those in the community who are slightly behind..Also episodes going on a year old I don't equate with a week..While on the subject though, what if it was Jurassic Bark of Luck of the Fryish? Or something near as good? Granted many images can be safely out of context but perhaps someone noticed something interesting in the montage end of Jurassic Bark and posts it, those seeming the image not realizing what it is till half way through the episode perhaps? .This is a very different instance, but I believe 100% if someone had made a gif from the end of Jurassic Bark it would be upvoted to hell readily 2 days later..Also this was on my front page, I see interesting titles and click. Why would I not click a title with the word Pimp-a-roo on my front page? Not the same as going to the direct subreddit. .If this all offends you then know I have no sympathy for those who blindly horde sympathy.
The majority of people who subscribe and saw this though obviously didn't mind and upvoted it to the front page..It's not other peoples duty to create the reddit you want to see. It's not OPs fault people liked their post, upvoted it and you who hadn't seen the episode happened to click even with the circumstances. 
It's a pimp kangaroo, I think you're extrapolating the cause of the upvotes a bit. Regardless of consideration for the actual episode, those subscribed are going to see a kangaroo dressed up as a kangaroo and give upvotes. Also as a redditor for nearly a year and a half you should be aware that upvotes does not indicate good posts. There have been enough scumbag reddit means to indicate that.And again, I'm not talking about some huge freaking effort, a simple labeling would be nice. The amount of combined effort for a simple label would probably be less than you're willing to commit to this argument over whether or not a pimp kangaroo should be labeled as new content
The quality is irrelevant, it's what the community at large has decided is worthy of the front page and obviously it's a small minority who as of yet have not seen the episode but choose to look at the post anyway..It'd be nice I guess yeah but at the end of the day it's nobodies obligation to make sure something isn't spoiled for you when the majority of subscribers obviously have no problem with it, saw the episode and thought it was a funny post..I've been trying . to say anything to avoid spoiling any further but this image is from a two, three second cutaway joke in the episode. It honestly isn't a big plot point nor does it warrant a spoiler tag, most of the joke is in the title..Just watch the episode and join in dude.

"They call me Pimparoo. 'Cause I be hoppin' on these hoes!"
or you can stay current, or off the sub reddit until you are.
wasn't it last night? This popped up on my front page and I think having to unsubscribe from websites is a bit excessive
clicking "unsubscribe" and then clicking "subscribe" a few days later is excessive, but trying to dictate the content posted and viewed by 80,000 people who are simply trying to share their enjoyment of a tv show isnt?
Other subreddits seem to survive needing to manage this, is a label that bad?
Two nights ago. But I don't disagree with you.
Is that a reference to .?
WHAT THE HELL IS THAT MONSTROSITY?!?
I grew up close enough to the Canadian border to get a lot of their TV channels. This character was from ..
I live in Canada. I have never seen that or heard it mentioned before.
It is/was a TVOntario show. They . have dubbed it for Tlvision Franco-Ontario.
I approve of this
I've always felt deep down that Pikachu was a Polkaroo ripoff.
Frankly, I think that video makes it creepier.
This wasn't a major plot point or anything, it was literally in the ads comedy central ran all week leading up to the premier. 
Yeah well... don't spoil the commercials then! Everyone knows that's where the meat of the content is...
Don't worry, I understood that that was a joke. 
They must be angry at me spoiling it. They were looking forward to seeing it in the future.
This episode really disappointed me. Futurama just isn't what it used to be I guess.
I've thought this since the DVD movies started, though Season 6 (vols. 5 and 6) was much better than Season 7 (vols. 7 and 8) is shaping up to be..It's still watchable, though, and nowhere . the atrocity that . has become. I feel like I'm the only one on this sub who wasn't that disappointed when they announced its cancellation after the end of Season 7.
Why the downvotes for this person? Although I did enjoy the two episodes, I agree with him saying it didn't feel the same.
What? I thought it was absolutely great. Topology jokes are not for everyone though, I guess...
Then I love how She bounce away with his hoe..EDIT: She instead of he, it's clearly a female pimp-a-roo
He? It's clearly a she, you can see the pouch :P
Kyle is his name. 
Market them to hallmark and then Shut up and take my money!
It's nice, but . . . 
That is completely great!
Sounds like fun on a bun
Should have gave him 6 100$ bills. That would make it funnier.
It's funny because it's true!
who is this guy?
AHHH
What episode is this?
With any luck Spritle and Chim Chim were in the trunk.

The newest one on comedy central
Sounds like something written by a guy who only saw one episode.
Registrant:.fox.com is also owned to the same registrant.  Seems legit.
I just emailed him and asked if I could bite his shiny metal ass.
Did anyone else read it in his voice?
I can't be the only one here who is contemplating writing him right now.
Wait. Were we not supposed to?
Do it mate
It's an auto-response thing.
Well yeah bender is a robot!
They just started airing the final season on Comedy Central. The news about it being over is that it is not being renewed after the finale of this season. 
Yeah thats what I thought. I'm very sad that its over but id be interested to continue watching new seasons if its picked up on another network. Do you know if comedy central will be continuing to air the episodes?
Yes, they will air the entire season. They will also keep showing reruns. They just are not ordering any new episodes (the finale of this season has already been completed as is the case with most animated shows)
Ok. Thanks for the info.
This is the third cancellation they will rise again!
Third what was the second?
First was after season 4 when fox stopped ordering them second was after the fourth movie were matt g. Said it was over and now after this season it's the third cancellation
I didn't catch the most recent premiere. Was it really that bad?
I love all of the old episodes, as much as I love the new. I remember waiting all day for the pilot episode years back and I wasn't disappointed then, I'm not disappointed now. I will watch this show as long as they keep making episodes and when they stop making episodes, I'll keep watching the old ones! I really hope they find a way to continue this show. I believe in Futurama! 
The new Futurama episodes are some of the best so far.  The jokes and storylines have definitely activated my hilarity unit.  I do not think that they have peaked like EveryGoodNameIsGone suggests.  Their humor remains sophisticated and quirky and it is still evolving!!  I hope they can get a Netflix gig like Arrested Development so we can get a couple of more seasons.
I think it's steadily gone downhill since the DVD movies. I don't think there's been a GOOD episode since "The Prisoner of Benda," or . "Overclockwise" at the most recent..I'd rather it end now than see it become . - while this week's premiere was bad*, it wasn't unwatchable, and I'd rather it end before it actually becomes unwatchable..*In my personal opinion, obviously. I know many people think it's just as good as it ever was, and that's great. Sadly, that's not how I feel.
I wouldn't mind another movie season like Bender's Big Score, Beast with the Billion Backs, Bender's Game, and Into the Wild Green Yonder, but I'm happy with what they've done and would rather they go out on a high note than drag on forever like the Simpsons.
I think I missed Bender's Game... What was that one about?
It's . all mixed in to one. Probably my favorite of the four feature length movies. 
Rethink your life
If you're really getting this as a tattoo, PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF HYPNOTOAD source a better drawing. 
Is that nose right? I only ask because i had literally just clicked off the "FTW" fry image. Other than that looks cool. 
That was like the best part!
I thought Futurama prided themselves as 'above toilet humour'. Guess this is why it may be the real-last-season. I don't want things we watch, see and do to become Idiocracy level.
It's not just "haha butts are funny." It ties in with in baboon (and I want say maybe gibbons?) biology and would make a lot of sense on a primate planet. So layered joke on top of butts are funny, which they still are.
The show has become The Simpsons.
before I even clicked the link I thought of this episode; I didn't see that specific sign but the part when Amy was getting hit on by the baboon reminded me of the link's title
That's amazing. It went right past me the first time; thanks for pointing it out.
Where is this from?
Futurama.
No shit, I mean what episode
S7E15 (S8E01)
Thank you
Futurama has always had toilet humor and it contrasts well with their high brow stuff. Bender's catch phrase is "Bite my Shiny Metal Ass." You're just looking at an excuse to call new episodes inferior when they are really on par with anything they've done before.
It's bnever been 'take one word, replace with 'ass' before. Bite my shiny metal ass is a staple. Not toilet humour. Showing asses on screen and calling something an 'ass' like saying 'The Ass House!" instead of the White House, or "For better or for ASS" in a wedding vow would be considered toilet humour. If the intent is to say the ASS where ASS is expected. It's not toilet humour. But, constant over referral to it, may..In all, I didn't even WATCH the episode. but the first thing I hear about it, were several (This not being the only thread) mentioning 'The Blue Ass Group".Now, while everyone titters out there about butt cleavage and the word 'ass' on screen. I'll say, "Good show, bad-humour-moment for them. Sort of like a bad-hair-day, so I'll let it go!
I loved the 2D - 3D jokes and the "There's no way a third dimension can exist. We can't imagine it. Kill him!!!" part.

What episode is this?

That person.... THAT PERSON. Like, I am just saying, it was/is so stupid you had to laugh rather than feel bad.
I felt like her lines should have been more like Skinner's Vietnam monologues.
The first Flexo episode.  With the Miss Universe contest, ect.
Cheers! Been looking in the wrong season
It's also the episode where the "Not sure if/Futurama Fry" meme came from.
Yes.  I concur.
2ACV06 "The Lesser of Two Evils".DVD/Production Order: Season 2, Episode 6.Netflix Order: Season 2, Episode 10.Aired Order: Season 2, Episode 11.(For some reason, while Netflix generally uses the aired order, they flipped "Lesser of Two Evils" and "Put Your Head on My Shoulders" into production/DVD order...Netflix confuses me.)
Was there also a similar scene somewhere where he stands up at the end of his bath?
nice list meatbag.
Isn't the "evil" redundant?
It's a joke from the Lesser of Two Evils. 
You have a smoking room? Boss must be a smoker too!
Exactly. And sometime it's his meeting room.
I think it would be cool for Fry to have a part in The Simpsons similar to The Squeaky Voiced Teen
Zoidberg as a doctor in house or scrubs
Walter Bishop From Fringe has got to based on the professor; even his assistant is named Farnsworth.
. 
Bender in Game of Thrones.A practically immortal super strong robot with no morals and a desire to kill all humans.
bender in breaking bad 
Fry in Breaking Bad. 
I'd like to see Scruffy as the Janitor for Scrubs.
i loved the second episode, the first episode just flat out didnt feel like a futurama episode to me
The issue is that, while airing on Fox, the writers had to . revise their jokes to either sneak them by or please the Fox censors.  While doing this, the scripts inevitably improved through rewrites, workarounds, and various drafts - generally having to be more clever to express what the censor's didn't initially like..Comedy Central lets them air their episodes without requiring any rewrites or modifications.  They aren't (forced) to refine their scripts to get them to air.
yes. it's absolute SHIT. what happened, futurama writers?? >:|
Last season was crazy funny.  It seems as though their comedy was evolving...The first episode of the new season was a little dry though.  I didn't really get the "verbal abuse" gag.  The second episode was much better and we got to finally see Sean, the noodling jerk.
My issue is the ordering or this season. Had these two episodes aired in the middle of the season I think people would have loved them. But as the first episodes of the last season they were very disappointing. 
I agree, I feel that the humor has shifted to slightly more crass jokes, but only a little little bit. Most of the wit and nerd humor is still there, but I feel like they had to dumb down the formula a bit for Comedy Central.
The verbal abuse gag was based on the Fast and Furious movies, where the characters spend a little too much time talking about their troubled family lives. Though, that episode kinda beat the joke into the ground, IMO.
Dag, that's what that episode was referencing?!.  Thanks for your input.
So I've been told*.
It changes slightly every season. A straight-out namecheck of Flatland and a whole lot of jokes about living in a 2D universe made up a whole bunch of the "smarter" type jokes. I laughed all the way though the segment and then was howling by the time they got to "he's filling our minds with new ideas! Let's kill him!" The nerdy stuff is still there, but maybe these particular episodes weren't your style?
Yeah I mean it is still a funny show, it just seems like many of the jokes (the Speed Racer cutaway scene sticks out to me) are jokes that simply would not have been in older episodes. I appreciate a good Speed Racer joke as much as the next guy, but that is not the reason why I watch Futurama, that's more of a Family Guy joke. And when I see "smarter" jokes I don't necessarily mean jokes that you have to be intelligent to understand, just jokes that you have to think about or are not obvious.
anthology of interests where fry asks what life would be like if it were more like a video game?
How do you think us Firefly fans feel. :(
I absolutely LOVE Annoying Orange..It is a terrible show, but it . you so right in the fucking title..I watched 2 minutes of this and thought "This shit is annoying" then thought ...Bravo Cartoon Network, keep making shit I don't have to watch and therefore have time to do other things.
Have you seen the most recent episodes? I watched them thinking, "Yep, this is a deserved last season." There's nothing left for the series. Let it die like it should. Don't make this another Supernatural. 
I don't want to live in this planet anymore
You have to remember. Most of the kids who watch nick, Disney, and the shithole has has become of Cartoon Network are retarded. Who can't tll what's funny or not.
Yeah but the one costs practically nothing to make so they see higher returns.
[deleted]
The show is still MILES above other shows..As a reminder guys to sign the petition.
. #Futurama #SaveFuturamaAgain #SaveFuturama

have you seen recent futurama?.it's a mercy killing
Because those two shows have the same audience... ./s
I want futurama ,Firefly, Alcatraz and Studio 60 on the sunset  strip back,and shows like Glee and keeping up with the Kardashians, and sweet 16 and pregnant  cancelled _
Didn't like Alcatraz but loved studio 60, liked it better than all Sorkin's stuff. .West wing hasn't aged as well, 60 had the perfect balance of smarts, comedy and didn't have Sorkin out of his depth, where he often wades into.
What does this have to do with futurama?
Fucking Firefly. 
What's really sad is that the AO weekly youtube show was really good for the first few episodes, then daneboe became a sellout and started doing adds and a terrible television show no one actually watches.
THE SHOWS I LOVE ARE OFF THE AIR WHILE THE SHOWS I DONT LOVE ARE ON AIR . .WHY IS THIS? HOW UNFAIR IS THIS WORLD THAT REVOLVES AROUND ME?
This is literally apples to oranges..This is that 90's kid "TUPAC IS DEAD BUT J BIEBZ IS STILL ALIVE BOOHOO" facebook sharing bullshit. Fuck off with it.
Cartoon Network has gone pretty down hill anyway.
It has a show on Nickelodeon
Better Off Ted was cancelled for the Secret Life of An American Teenager. . Also, Firefly.
Money
???
!!!
%%%
~~~
I have never seen Annoying Orange nor do I care to start.
You know that's a YouTube series... Right? 
It's also a show on Nickelodeon.
[deleted]
What the FUCK. 
Please, please, please make this just an illusion..Seymour doesn't need to be Ted. He's a simple, normal dog. That's what makes him so sympathetic. He can't comprehend why Fry could possibly not be there at the pizza place. He just suffers and can't cope..Please, Matt Groenig. Don't fuck this up for me! Don't!
Futurama had its run. It was good and long one. You can't keep it going forever, it would turn into crap. 
The Simpsons are going on forever and it didn't turn to crap 
Stop trying to make futurama uncancelation happen.it's not going to happen
Well it did happen..
Thank your neighborhood pot head.
Well Futurama ran for some time (140 episodes over 7 seasons over 14 years) and is for adults, and cartoons for adults tend to struggle besides the handful that everyone knows..The annoying orange has had like 20 ~10 minute episodes over 2 seasons and is for children who notoriously like crap, they're simple. If you ran both side by side for the same amount of time the Annoying orange is like ONE season of Futurama. Not to even mention the Futurama movies and comics and whatnot and how long it takes to make and the cost comparatively..These two shows are hardly comparable
They have completely different target audiences, so the argument is like comparing... er... robots to oranges.
Well, it's apples and oranges really. 
Just because there's a shit show on TV doesn't mean they're all shit. Speaking of cartoons, there's . of great ones to outweigh the garbage. For instance: Adventure Time, Regular Show, MAD, etc. and those are just kid shows. Plus, you can't really compare a show like Futurama to Annoying Orange (which admittedly, is crap).I don't get why people always make this generalization. I've heard quite a few complaints about the quality of TV nowadays. In my opinion, this is probably the best time for TV shows than ever before.
I still can't believe someone thought "Shit My Dad Says" was a good idea for a sitcom.  Who gets paid to make these decisions?
This generation is weird as fuck what do you expect
Lightning never strikes twice... except when it does, which is quite often. 
Adventure Time and Regular Show are still good, other than those shows, it's all unwatchable garbage. .EDIT: Gumball is very watchable, not bad at all.
atleast there will be a new batman show soon.
Yeah I gotta agree with you on that.
I'll say I have to disagree with Adventure Time; I don't like it, but I can see why it appeals. But Regular Show has entertained me once or twice when I was really bored.
Am with you, don't get the fuss about Adventure Time, but I enjoy Regular Show off and On.
Am with you, don't get the fuss about Adventure Time, but I enjoy Regular Show off and On.
Korgoth of Barbaria only gets a pilot but Assy McGee gets a season 3. BULLSHIT!
Man that show was awesome! I really wanted it to succeed but watching it I knew Id never see another episode
Eltinville Club too, and Stroker and Hoop only got one season. 
As a kid who grew up reading Robert Howard, Lin Carter and Sprague deCamp's Conan books and the comics, this was one of the funniest concepts for a show I had ever seen. I wanted this to get picked up so much.
Ooh, you're such a unique little snowflake.
Find the words:. . . . . . 
I don't know what your purpose is, but I think I might love you.
replace futurama with the jeffersons.replace annoying orange with futurama.boom.  generational gap.
Goddammit, stop having good points!
As much as I love Futurama, this is in a weird way, like comparing beautifully crafted cake to well, oranges..The show has two largely different demographics, different channels and as . points out, different production budgets. If you compared it to something like Two and A Half Men or Mike and Molly, I'd maybe agree with you..Also this show has been going on (well on and off) for thirteen years and Orange has been a YouTube series for only half that time. Yes, it's a shame we're all losing a show we love but it can still live on. I interviewed Lauren Tom over the weekend and the only way we can keep the show going is to create a dialogue with Comedy Central and show we still love the show. Apart of the cancellation is the show had a big dip in ratings and in DVD/Blu-Ray purchases, as well..Anyway, I'm drunk and I just finished University after five years of doing screen studies and communication and media and dealing with closed-minded jerkoffs and shitty essays. I really just wanted to say fuck you and the annoying orange but decided to write this because I wanted to, because the internet and writing is awesome because I can express myself freely, like the guys who make Futurama and The Annoying Orange. Why don't you create something, huh? Why don't you write an amusing one minute sketch where fruit or a lampshade or something talks? Just do it. Start somewhere. All gotta do it. .Who knows, the writers on that show could write your favourite show in the future and you're gonna be all bummed out one day knowing where they started. We all gotta start somewhere..P.S. I love you.
I feel like you got progressively more drunk as you wrote that hahaha
I think I'm not alone when I saw that Futurama has gone drastically downhill. 
Shh, you're not allowed to have negative opinions here, buddy. But I totally agree with you. The stories have been weaker, the jokes are much less clever, the one-episode characters are no longer interesting (seriously, where's another Melllvar or The 80's Guy?). I still watch the show and enjoy it. But there's only been maybe three episodes since the original run that I've really liked. The show has run it's course, let the writers move on to something else.
Posted in the Futurama subreddit? I reckon you might be.
I'm with him as well, the show hasn't been the same since the first cancellation, and it's getting progressively worse..Pretty sad that you guys are circle-jerk downvoting someone for their opinion. The guy isn't wrong.
I've not touched any button, each to his own. .The guy isn't wrong for having an opinion but the fact the post was -9 when I commented in a post on a subreddit dedicated to the show he's being negative about. .I don't think anyone can be accused of disagreeing and "circle-jerk downvoting" owing to the point I made above. If you like the show you like the show, if it's in your opinion "got bad" then unsub!? 
The guy expressed his opinion and was downvoted heavily for it, that's a circlejerk. Is it not possible to discuss anything in this subreddit about Futurama except for circlejerking about how great it is and posting pictures of episodes that we've all seen with the title of what was said in that particular screenshot?.This subreddit IS a circlejerk, it's a bunch of people reinforcing their beliefs and downvoting any dissenters. It's completely irrelevant if it is a Futurama subreddit, people should be allowed to express their opinion on their show as long as it's not trolling for the sake of it..If anyone honestly likes the new episodes better than the original 4 seasons, I'd be interested to hear their reasons .? Apart from the move to widescreen and the odd great episode, the seasons have been very poor..The show has at this point has literally become The Simpsons. The characters have no substance anymore, they are just there to further the story. .For the record, I'm not subbed to this subreddit, I was browing .. Secondly I'm as big a fan of the show as any, so if I chose to be here, I have every damn right. You're exactly the problem here, anyone who loves it is allowed to waffle on about how great it is, and anyone who doesn't love the new seasons needs to get out?
What the fuck are you talking about? .I'm the problem for making a humorous remark about someone getting downvoted? .Why should anyone explain their reasoning for liking every episode? Shame you don't feel the same as others but my (loose) point was that he had been downvoted for voicing an opinion that would obviously unpopular in the subreddit that it was posted in. How is this so hard to understand?.As for your last statement, you really couldn't be further from the truth. 
Thank you for downvoting my post and proving my point.
I downvoted nothing, You didn't really make a point. You stated you didn't like the show anymore and accused me or "circle-jerking" and said that I was the problem..Check my history of posts in here. Discussing this with you has probably tripled my post count. .Thanks for being pathetic though. there is nothing more sad than the words "Thank you for downvoting my post and proving my point." as a lame attempt to "win" a debate. .What you're not getting is that I do not care what you like/dislike, I'll never meet you and I have more important things that concern me than a persons opinion.  I'll indulge you again however to clear things up....Going back (again) to the post I commented on, It was a silly quip, to a negative post, against a show posted on the subreddit dedicated TO the show. With me so far? That post at the time was downvoted, ok? .Most people would see this as trolling. Like posting a cock on gonewild or a pro feminist statement on mensrights...you see?
That's a lot of words for somebody who doesn't care.
It's outrageous that people downvote you for this. "I DON'T AGREE WITH WHAT YOU SAID, SO YOU'RE GOING TO GET DOWNVOTED". Read reddiquette FFS. 
Rediquette? You think anybody on Reddit actually cares?.Sad thing, but few do. At least for that rule.
Say you write a good, thoughtful, analytical comment and then someone downvotes you because he doesn't agree. That commenter is not going to feel like his opinion is welcome and may not comment nearly as often.
Not unlike The Simpsons at all.
The Simpsons dipped so far that it actually curved all the way around and started coming back up again.
I personally wish they ended it when the Fry and Leela relationship finally came to its conclusion. It's a television show, so there are many different little plot lines that come and go, but Fry's attempt to get the girl he loved was the single arcing plot line in the series. Now the writers are struggling to keep the show fresh because it has no direction anymore. Sure we will get a couple funny episodes, and sure we get to see the characters we all fell in love with, but in the end I would have rather they ended the show on a good note instead of letting it fizzle out with a few mediocre seasons. This would also allow for the creators of the show to move onto the next thing where they can create fresh stories and new characters to follow. Let us remember futurama is the second project after the simpsons, and I think futurama is an improvement on all fronts, makes you wonder if the next series can be even better? 
I would like to see the creators of King of the hill and Futurama get together and make a show. But thats just me.
Downhill, but not Simpsons downhill.
No, I'm with him. The original run and movies are still my favorite episodes of all time, but the renewed series has been terrible. They're relying on fans too much to maintain relevance. 
Bad thing how? Family Guy did OK from it's cancellation and subsequent renewing. .Not shitting on the guy (or you) for having an opinion i'm just saying (owning to the downvotes he originally had) that stating a negative opinion on a shows subreddit is similar to posting on the DOTA2 subreddit about how crap the game is and how brilliant League of Legends is. .If the show isn't your cup of tea anymore then surely unsubbing would be the most sensible thing to do?
IMO - only the latest season has been terrible.
It would be, if I didn't love the original run so much..Family Guy did OK after the season or two it took to find their groove again. Unfortunately, Futurama seems to have lost theirs, especially in the latest season. Believe me, my being here on this sub isn't to solely bash what Futurama has become.
It has.  But the original run was so great I can keep watching that forever.
God this reeks of summer
I love how the new thing on reddit is pretending that summer content is noticeably worse than content the rest of the year.
One more thing to complain about. 
As far as I know, its the same idea as on 4chan, summer referring to the people who come to websites like Reddit and 4chan during their free time in the summer, and post less than quality content, believing the sites to be more similar to Facebook, 9gag or Memebase. .Its just that the circle jerks just a bit harder in the summer.
Summer children know nothing. We know the harshness of winter. 
When I was a kid you had to like a show so much you would sit through the commercials without fast forwarding. You had to make a schedule and keep it to watch the show you wanted, and if you didnt have the right TV guide you were fucked..Damn, winter was harsh. Sweet children of summer really do know nothing of our troubles. 
Wait. The annoying orange is an actual tv show??? I thought it was some YouTube fad...
it was. now it's a youtube fad with half hour episodes..
The episodes are actually 11 minutes long. Then again I'd never watch it ever, so I wouldn't know that if it weren't for ..
Cartoon Network picked it up. I would be pissed at them, but at least [as] brought back Toonami.
A lot of stupid youtube shit is coming on television.
Fox has a new show coming called ADHD. It's just animated shorts from the internet.
oh boy, let's not forget when fucking FRED got a movie.
didnt he get a couple?
He got a show, a couple of movies, etc. It's all crap.
...And a tv show.......and another movie......and even a third movie....I hate the world sometimes.
A third movie? Who the hell watched that?
Who the hell watched the second one and the TV show?.Not gonna lie, I watched the first one out of curiosity.
who's that faggy kid who does the alvin the chipmunk voice? he got a show too. 
Fred..He also got like, what 2-3 movies?
What? thanks for . my birthday. assholes. .(i direct that asshole at both you and this fred kid)
Turning 10 today, champ?
Hey, hey. Calm down, let's take a look at this situation..Oh dear god, I'm a monster!

My word! Are you some NSA agent? THIS IS A GIF OF ME..It's a bit old though. Swapped the hook out for a frying pan months ago.
shhhhhhhh. you already know too much. 
.. Please don't take my pan-hand away.

yeah,  but production costs are why this shit can stay on the air.  
Yeah as sad as it is to see Futurama go, it had a great run 
One has had 7 seasons where as the other has had like 2. Not to mention Futurama costs way more to make.
And the new seasons of futurama are of far far less quality than the originals. There's a reason why they're getting cancelled and its because there aren't a lot of viewers and the quality of the show isn't very high anymore.
Also, stupid people are allowed to have TV shows too.
yeah but in 10 years they probably be smarter then you
Certainly more so than you, fellow internet commenter. 
i did not mean tht you are stupid we're smarter then our parents generation, and kids today will be smarter then us (if you look at the stats)
But there will still be idiots, and they will watch the Annoying Orange. And comment on reddit.
It's weird. There were a select few that were brilliant and felt like they went back to the style of the original show. But then the majority of the new episodes have been shit.
Finally, people that understand what I'm saying when I keep saying this..I like the backstory episodes, like Zoidberg and Hermes and all that, but then the majority of the newer episodes are "lets see how stupid we can make things and still have people watch".It doesn't have the same panache that it used to.
Whereas a decade ago it is said to cost Fox over $1M per episode for Futurama..This is a huge gap in prices. Nothing for AO vs. a small fortune for Futurama.
also too way different audiences. You really can't compare these as equals. AO is for kids Futurama for adults. I love Futurama and sad to see it go but comparing it to AO is just degrading Futurama.  
I am so glad I am not the only one who recognizes this.  The second "season" of AO is only like ten episodes (.) and episodes are only 11 minutes long.
I thought annoying orange was just 1 shitty youtube video made a few years ago?
No...=/
That is a situation that is getting out of hand.
You and I are having the same wtf with our coffee this morning
They gave it its own show.  They're doing this more and more these days.  Sometimes it works out.  That's how . and . got their start.
Regular show is truly amazing though. That show deserved to have more written plots, good for younger and older audiences. 
I don't know those shows either..It has also been a few years since I really was "on youtube". Now I basically use youtube to listen to music and watch documentaries. All the good stuff seemed to drown out in dumb shit, pardon my expression, and it was so far between all the good stuff that I dropped it.
You are not aware of Adventure Time? That is a shame. The voice of Bender is one of the main characters.
Nah, you're absolutely right.  Most of YouTube is awful.  But there are some gems.  A lot of people love Adventure Time.  Its good, but I prefer Regular Show.  They're on Cartoon Network, but RS could easily run on Adult Swim.  Its pretty much an office slacker comedy with a huge number of '80s jokes.  Here, check out an episode.  Its only 11 min long so you don't even have to commit to much time to it..Its a pretty good episode and shows how a lot of the episodes are framed.  The first six minutes or so of the show is just a simple office comedy with a BUNCH of '80s pop culture references.  Then there's a "turn" and the show gets weird.  If you like absurdist humor you'll like the show.
Made me realize Regular Show is just animated Workaholics. I love both + AT so I guess it's clear what kind of plant I enjoy.
108 full episode playlist? I love you.
i usually recommend checking out bravest warriors when someone i know likes adventure time.
It was . created by Penn Ward, though he doesn't really have anything to do with production.
Regular Show should be on adult swim. it's basically a stoner comedy.
I wish the show was still like 
Gunderson's nuts.
Its probably cause your an idiot who assumes everyone watches every episode of Futurama
This guy. You know you're on the Futurama subreddit right?
Why doesn't everyone?
I don't understand the hilarity either..
Charleston Chew, the sponsor snack of Richard Nixon's head
I love that it's a Focus :)
Xpost to r/trees for ultimate ent karma

Sorry, he told me to down vote.
Oh god-dam-ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNO-TOAD.
You people are the reason this karma grabbing garbage has any upvotes at all..This shit is unorigional, unfunny, and a complete waste of time.
This is quite original and not in any way a sad attempt to get karma./
You're just mad because I thought of it first
Except that you didn't.
Except that I did
That scene is your life.  Your location has been rejected by a cartoon.  How does that make you feel?
Use a proxy server. 
Good ol' torrents never fail me. (Yes I buy the DVDs/Blu-rays once they're released)

It's not Bender, is one of its fans. If Bender would have done it, that would have been a tile graffiti.
You're technically correct. The best kind of correct.
As a Tasmanian, I love seeing an American show represent our state :)
Not extinct since the encyclopods came back.
WHAT?!?!?!??
Into the Wild Green Yonder. The ending where the encyclopods return and bring back all extinct species including Tasmanian tigers, dodo birds, and striped biologist taunters.
There's some up.
Ah. Thank you. I'm not a native speaker and it sounded like 'ap' to me. I kept wondering if a missed a reference. 
Please insert liquor!
Is it 40% _________ (fill in the blank)?
That is so metal.
Where is this shop?.I'd like to get my licensing fees
Ah my less sophisticated brother...
I was half expecting this to be Seymour, so I was half expecting to start balling my eyes out. This is better. 
Bonder? Is that you?!
Bender Bending Rodrguez
Kinda looks like he is embarrassed that he just craped out that rock between his legs, kinda...
Those should be bricks at his feet...
I want it badly!!
ITT Bender quotes.
Was his ass shiny?
Bonder's name isn't Bonder. It's Bender!
He did shit a brick once.
[deleted]
Speed kills, dude.
SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!
UP TAKE AND MONEY MY SHUT!
Has he got an erection?!
shut up and take my money
And humble. You forgot to mention humble. 
They missed an opportunity there.  His feet should be weighted down with bricks, not rocks.
Shut up and take my money!
40% scrap metal (6ACV23)
   And of course 0.04% nickel impurity - Farnsworth 
"it's a grower not a show-er"  - Bender 
Girder
somebody should give him a Flexo makeover
I want this as a lawn ornament 
It's not a brick, but I'm guessing something frightened Bender.

what episode?
Season 4 ep 8. Anthology of interest pt 2
Thanks!
Anthology of Interest II
Thanks!
Scrap metal? I'm 40% scrap metal! 

You should bite his shinny metal ass.
Shut up baby, I know it. 
Let's go already!
Arooooooooo.I've said this before and I'll say it again, Nixon is the only man who is so recognizable by a generation, a man can walk into a roomful of strangers, do that, and have at least half the men his age say "Yeah, that's Nixon." .That's our generation :P 
"Bender is bored, Bender is bored"
i don't get it :<
there is a performing group called the blue man group. They are really funny. 
Yes, 2 new Episodes last night - Dish DVR recorded it as one hour, but it aired as 2 separate episodes.
Nice, thanks dude!
So just imagine 3001 A.D.
For real, their continuity is off the walls, like the complete opposite of The Simpsons.
The only time I managed to beat Akinator was with George McGovern.
We're back, baby.
I distinctly remember chuckling out loud at this part. There were a number of jokes tonight that made me remember why I love this show.
"What's the mata compressor" Had me rolling
Nothing's the matter!
It's nice but doesn't seem concrete enough to me.
I love the premise here, but, earlier in the episode, Bender predicts that the jury will convict Cupert and the Professor and says that there's nothing they can do to prevent that. However, Bender changes this outcome by interrupting the trial. Therefore, the future presented to Fry and Leela seems very fragile and is likely to change simply because they know it.
That . great. 
Am I the only one who is sick of the love story episodes? 
No, I agree. That's also why I don't like The Big Bang Theory anymore, because there's such a big focus on their girlfriends now.
Fry sure has the nerve to slap a woman

makes you wonder whats on the paper..
I think "Overclockwise" would have made a better season finale than "Reincarnation". Also, have you been talking to Randy?! 
Reincarnation was their seasonal 3-parter, like Anthology of Interest 1, 2, Xmas extravaganza, naturama, and the soon to air . Saturday Morning Fun Pit..Overclockwise was, infact, the season/possible series finale.
No, 'Meanwhile', the last episode, is going to be a proper finale . 'The Devil's Hands Are Idle Playthings' and 'Overclockwise'. This season's three-parter is 'Saturday Morning Fun Pit'.
Oh crap, thanks, but that means I've told my friends the same wrong thing!.Just kidding, I don't have any friends.
I figured Overclockwise was the real finale and Reincarnation was just something fun they wanted to do.
This is correct.  In the dvd commentary they talk about how Overclockwise was the official last episode and that Reincarnation was like a fun bonus episode that they wanted to do.
I hope it ends as it began. With Fry playing a video game.
Honestly, I prefer the original ending from "The Devil's Hands are Idle Playthings". Its absolutely perfect. 
"I want to hear how it ends"
I always thought it felt a little anti-climatic. There was some closure for Fry and Leela but nobody else really.
A deals a deal,.Even with a dirty dealer.
Now that's dedication. 
[deleted]
This is the pettiest comment I've ever seen.  And this is Reddit, so you've got quite a bit of competition there.
What'd he say?
and You're being a dick on the internet.. So I guess we're both in the wrong huh? 
He's just grumpy because he missed the premiere
Something along the lines of "If you died laughing how did you post it?  Oh  wait, you didn't actually die you're just using a stupid phrase."  I can't capture the sheer dickishness of it from memory, sorry.
Damn
You ever heard of an idiom, mother fucker?
REMEMBER ME!
Amazing image quality, bro.
You got to put your 2-D Glasses on.
Sorry bout the quality. 
Its a reference to a famous graffiti artist known as Space Invader 
I didn't know that, thanks for that info man XD It's always good to know the reference's. Like I remember learning about Schrodinger's cat in Physic's one day and that same day I saw the episode of Futurama where they referenced that and I thought it was amazing, cause without that knowledge I wouldn't have gotten the joke. 
is the cat alive or dead?
"There's also a lot of drugs in there" hahaha
"That reminds me of an assignment I once handed in. I had an english teacher in grade 11 that was... quite creative with his teaching method (though not so much that work didn't matter/marks didn't count/etc). Anyway, we read "the little prince" for one of our book studies (is that what they're called? I don't remember). After we had read it, he gave us a quiz on what happened in it (what planet is he from, etc). .When we finished the quiz, he collected the tests, looked at them, and declared that no one had obviously understood the point of the story (it's about matters of consequence and such, so the minutia of the quiz was contrary to the book). After that we were given a week to write an assignment about the book, it could be anything we wanted, a poem, a story, an essay, just some writing about the story..The day it was due, I was at lunch and realized I hadn't started yet. Being the little prick I was, I decided to take a piece of paper and write "This assignment isn't a matter of consequence to me" on it and be done with it. I handed it in, and waited smugly to get it back, preparing my arguments over why I should get a good mark, knowing that if he gave me a failing grade, I could give him a compelling case about how HE obviously didn't understand the story..Well, the next week the assignments were all handed back, and lo and behold, I didn't even get mine back. It was then I realized my assignment had turned into "Schrodinger's paper". Let me explain. If I went up to him and asked him what I got, he would have been able to fail me because obviously my paper was a ploy, and the assignment DID matter to me. So, my mark existed in a state of A and F at the same time, and would only truly become an F if I observed it. .To this day, 15 years later, I have no idea what I got on that assignment."
This would make an awesome  cell phone wallpaper. 
I hear that every-time he burps a new galaxy is born
two if he ate broccoli 
"I'm 40% universe."
Every time the show has been cancelled, they have left Fry and Leela on a positive note. Expect it to happen again.
I'm curious about that myself (if you're referring to the paper bender wrote in over clockwise
After seeing the commercial of Zoidberg and the lady and also hearing that there will be a marriage, I expect Zoidberg to get married.
Well, it's a well known fact that Fry and Leela are getting married at the end of the season.
Source!
I read this in the article where I read about the cancellation. It came straight from Groening/Cohen. I think time travel and blood was said to be involved..edit: 
My heart hurts. Even Cohen is declaring its finally over...
After a thorough googling, I couldn't find a reputable source. I hope I wasn't believing speculation as fact.
Shamelessly whoring someone else's gif for karma
i made this gif myself. chances are somebody made another one though, but I made this one !
Then I'm so sorry for saying that.

What good is a candelabra with out a 
Cruel fate, to be thusly boned.
I sees no grammaticals error here.
Youses gotta be dumbses or somethings.
Yeah, I don't get it.
Sal (The fat guy from Futurama), constantly pluralizes words in his speech. 
Planet Express: Small & Neutral.

Fake. It's not even colored in Electric Mucus.
Good episodes but I would not have chosen these for the first two. 
I think we need to refrain from these reactionary reviews 20 minutes after seeing the new episodes. With shows like Futurama there is so much depth and clever writing buried deep within the episode that giving your gut reactions to the episodes is almost idiotic. There are jokes from the original 4 that I still am just now picking up on! In other word cool your horse, give futurama some time, watch it at least a dozen times, over a long period of time, then give your review.
Sign the petition to keep the show going!
If only there was a bay of buccaneers somewhere...
At the time of posting those buccaneers unfortunately didn't have anything up, and I was very impatient for new episodes.
You may find a "means" of viewing it if you google it.
I have since been PM'd links to view the episodes online by a very helpful Redditor. Of course there are many other ways to view the episodes on the internet seas.
I don't get it.

Didn't see the episode and don't get the joke, but might be able to shed some light on the "Big Dig."  I'm a fairly new Bostonian and from what I understand -  The "Big Dig" is when the city built the subway system on credit. The MBTA (Subway) is in crazy debt cause of never being able to pay it off. It was the worlds first subway. 
big dig was a tunnel way to Logan airport to increase efficiency but it took a long time to build, and when it was finished it was proven obsolete. The joke is funny because they are in colonial Boston and it says they are just starting on the project. I got it because I grew up in the area.
I was delighted to see it explicitly referenced!  .By the way the book is in the public domain and freely downloadable @ 
Oh wow, thanks, I had no idea it was free!
Big bang also did an episode referencing this. 
When does it start?
tonight for the US, 10pm comedy central.. not entirely when for the UK
10pm what time zone?
Aww yeah! Only one year and 6 hours until it airs in Canada!
Not sure.  In the UK myself, got it from 
Please be careful with spoiler alerts.
He's voicing another dog?
What does seth macfarlane have to do with anything except being a hopeless follower of whatever other nerds find cool? This is a downgrade for futurama. They should pick some wild, outthere personality or sci-fi writer like spider robinson or kilgore trout!
bobcat goldthwait 
The original Seymour episode was one of Futurama's finest, hopefully the new one doesn't disappoint.
Second. I would've prefered to find out Seymour was in the new series by watching it.
nooooOOOOOO why does seth macfarlane have to stick his grubby little fingers into EVERYTHING (i'm sorry, i just really don't like him)
I for one think this is a huge mistake.  Jurassic Bark is widely recognized as one of the saddest and most powerful moments in animated television, and  putting any part of Seth Macfarlane's voice/character into him is a travesty.
It's so easy to bash Seth Macfarlane. Don't you feel good feeling so superior to all of his fans?
I do not think he is a good fit for what Seymour should be.
I think we are hardly the people to decide what Seymour should be before we even see the episode or performance. I trust David X. Cohen to make the proper decisions, seeing as it's his show, and that I love what he's done so far. Cohen, the writing staff, and Macfarlane are all knowledgeable when it comes to animated comedy. I am going to reserve judgement until I see it, and quite honestly, I find myself very excited for the episode in question. 
That's a good point but I also feel like you should give the people who have been following the show for years and years to have a little credibility for how they feel a character should be. The overwhelming majority of the Internet is very apprehensive regarding how this will turn out.
I've been following the show since it's second season--I still have faith in the creators. If it really was such a blasphemous act, then Cohen would not have approached Macfarlane. .Yeah, there is also an irrational hatred of Macfarlane, because it's so easy to feel superior to all of the plebeians who enjoy . and .. It's not like Macfarlane's work often dabbles with the same poignancy that we all seem to love in .. 
I feel like it's less of the content from him and more of the quantity. When he has 3 of the 4 shows for a single night of television, I just wish other animators were given a chance. Seth is brilliant and couldn't have made it to where he is if he wasn't, but I'm just not convinced he'll mesh well in this situation. We shall see.
That's all we can do. .For his credit though, I don't think he had much control over ., but rather that Fox put his name on it to attract viewership. That said, I love FG, and have grown to adore . (which he also has minimal control over, his partners took hold of that). 
This made me a little sad.  I just hope they do it in good taste, and not a "haha, look, we're gonna make the dog talk for 1 line cause its funny."  Doing something for the sake of doing it is rarely a good reason to.
Agreed, I'm actually disappointed that they are even doing this. 
I dislike Seth Macfarlane, but I'm way too excited to actually get some closure with the Jurassic Bark episode to even care. That's the one episode I always skip.
Don't tease me, Billy. 
I thought back to that video too, 2-D Blacktop made more sense to me than it did my friend watching it with me. Upvoted for visibility.

That really was something. 
Ooooo, nice!
[deleted]

I had my 3d glasses on
[deleted]
It's an overused concept, Futuruma decided to poke fun at it. 
it's the jokes that weren't used that really hurt.
Nah it was pretty funny. 
Actually, I see what you mean. Looking at the joke again, I SEE what they were trying to get across now- the troubled girl with daddy issues in movies. But to get the joke to work and not sound a bit patronizing to verbal abuse, they needed to lay it on thicker that she was a overused concept of a character. Because at first, I thought it was just a harsh joke, not picking at a clich. Thanks for helping me step back and look at it again.
That was the point. 
Then what's the joke?
I think it would have been less funny if they'd only said it once or twice because it's such a horrible clich.
That the viewer is beaten over the head relentlessly with the troubled past storyline in those kinds of movies. 
It's true..Source: I love the Fast and Furious franchise.
Where did you get that shirt???
[deleted]
Amazon. I wanted a shirt that said Planet Express so I googled it. And found a couple on Amazon :)
Also available for A LOT cheaper here. 6dollarshirts.com/product.php?productid=12048.Slightly different, bit still
10/9 central
[deleted]
Well, I bought it online so all together it was approx $27.  Got it on Amazon. They had another style with this logo. .Edit: That is shipping and all, I meant to say.
I'll take eight!
Did anyone else try to find Waldo?
Amy is not too impressed with what she sees through your crotch flap. Fry, on the other hand, is terrified.
I like my marmoset PJs more. 
I have those too!
Where did you get these wonderful PJ's
Shut up and take my money!
i got them a while ago at Kholes or something
Made me chuckle
Do you even perspective? 
brian slug
Is it working???
It is on comedy central right now...
WHY DON'T YOU GO TO HELL?
What episode is this?
A clockwork Origin
Season 7: Episode 9

Netflix said season 7, It lies! I guess they are counting the movies as season 6?
Sounds like it.
Netflix goes with the broadcast seasons, which differ from the production seasons.
Ahh well TIL.
It's still Father's Day 
There are no absolute numbers, only Zuul..Kidding aside, I ripped all the episodes and picked a sort-of accurate numbering system which I've revised a few times..I've got them numbered like this:.Season 1:.S01E01 - Space Pilot 3000.S01E02 - The Series Has Landed.S01E03 - I, Roommate.S01E04 - Love's Labours Lost in Space.S01E05 - Fear Of A Bot Planet.S01E06 - A Fishfull Of Dollars.S01E07 - My Three Suns.S01E08 - A Big Piece Of Garbage.S01E09 - Hell Is Other Robots.Season 2:.S02E01 - A Flight To Remember.S02E02 - Mars University.S02E03 - When Aliens Attack.S02E04 - Fry & The Slurm Factory.S02E05 - I Second That Emotion.S02E06 - Brannigan, Begin Again.S02E07 - A Head In The Polls.S02E08 - Xmas Story.S02E09 - Why Must I Be A Crustacean In Love.S02E10 - Put Your Head On My Shoulders.S02E11 - The Lesser Of Two Evils.S02E12 - Raging Bender.S02E13 - A Bicyclops Built For Two.S02E14 - How Hermes Requisitioned His Groove Back.S02E15 - A Clone Of My Own.S02E16 - The Deep South.S02E17 - Bender Gets Made.S02E18 - The Problem With Popplers.S02E19 - Mother's Day.S02E20 - Anthology Of Interest I.Season 3:.S03E01 - The Honking.S03E02 - War Is The H-Word.S03E03 - The Cryonic Woman.S03E04 - Parasites Lost.S03E05 - Amazon Women In The Mood.S03E06 - Bendless Love.S03E07 - The Day The Earth Stood Stupid.S03E08 - That's Lobstertainment!.S03E09 - The Birdbot Of Ice-Catraz.S03E10 - Luck Of The Fryrish.S03E11 - The Cyber House Rules.S03E12 - Insane In The Mainframe.S03E13 - Bendin' In The Wind.S03E14 - Time Keeps On Slipping.S03E15 - I Dated A Robot.Season 4:.S04E01 - Roswell That Ends Well.S04E02 - A Tale Of Two Santas.S04E03 - Anthology Of Interest II.S04E04 - Love And Rocket.S04E05 - Leelas Homeworld.S04E06 - Where The Buggalo Roam.S04E07 - A Pharaoh To Remember.S04E08 - Godfellas.S04E09 - Futurestock.S04E10 - A Leela Of Her Own.S04E11 - 30 percent Iron Chef.S04E12 - Where No Fan Has Gone Before.Season 5:.S05E01 - Crimes Of The Hot.S05E02 - Jurassic Bark.S05E03 - The Route Of All Evil.S05E04 - A Taste Of Freedom.S05E05 - Kif Gets Knocked Up A Notch.S05E06 - Less Than Hero.S05E07 - Teenage Mutant Leela's Hurdles.S05E08 - The Why Of Fry.S05E09 - The Sting.S05E10 - The Farnsworth Parabox.S05E11 - Three Hundred Big Boys.S05E12 - Spanish Fry.S05E13 - Bend Her.S05E14 - Obsoletely Fabulous.S05E15 - Bender Should Not Be Allowed On TV.S05E16 - The Devil's Hands Are Idle Playthings.The Lost Adventure.Season 5.5:.Benders Big Score.The Beast with a Billion Backs.Bender's Game.Into the Wild Green Yonder.Season 6:.S06E01 Rebirth.S06E02 In-A-Gadda-Da-Leela.S06E03 Attack of the Killer App.S06E04 Proposition Infinity.S06E05 The Duh-Vinci Code.S06E06 Lethal Inspection.S06E07 The Late Philip J Fry.S06E08 That Darn Katz.S06E09 A Clockwork Origin.S06E10 The Prisoner of Benda.S06E11 Lrrreconcilable Ndndifferences.S06E12 The Mutants Are Revolting.S06E13 Holiday Spectacular.S06E14 Neutopia.S06E15 Benderama.S06E16 Ghost in the Machines.S06E17 Law and Oracle.S06E18 The Silence of the Clamps.S06E19 Yo Leela Leela.S06E20 All the Presidents' Heads.S06E21 Mebius Dick.S06E22 Fry Am the Egg Man.S06E23 The Tip of the Zoidberg.S06E24 Cold Warriors.S06E25 Overclockwise.S06E26 Reincarnation.Season 7:.S07E01 The Bots and the Bees.S07E02 A Farewell to Arms.S07E03 Decision 3012.S07E04 The Thief of Baghead.S07E05 Zapp Dingbat.S07E06 The Butterjunk Effect.S07E07 The Six Million Dollar Mon.S07E08 Fun on a Bun.S07E09 Free Will Hunting.S07E10 Near-Death Wish.S07E11 Viva Mars Vegas.S07E12 31st Century Fox.S07E13 Naturama
Very impressive. Good job sir.
I'm serious, he's a terrible person
Who taught you to do 3-point perspective? I could paint a better mural with my butt.
Wait!  We still need to talk about the facts of life!  What are they?!
Man I really felt bad for Zoidberg during this episode
Is there a time someone didn't feel bad for zoidberg? 
It reminds of ., which is the closest I've come to crying about something I know is made up for the Internet.
:(.Edit: I'm going to go hug my dad. 
Fatherman...away...
Sorry if I'm confused, but don't new episodes premiere in like two days? 
Every show that lasts for too long tends to decrease its quality and the real fans will always be painful to watch. Simpsons should end a long time ago and Family Guy is going in the same way. 
How dare you forget . (assuming the episodes are intended to be taking place on the date of airing 1000 years in the future.
Yeah, that only really happened once and it was awesome, I wish there were more of those episodes.
i always wanted an episode about Morbo.
Scooty puff junior to the brain sphere, as another example off the top of my head..When the greedy aliens took over earth and installed a defense system there was a large collection of ragtag ships under a half broken command. Kind of like the rebels, I guess. I don't remember too much of that episode, honestly, but it seems fitting..There are more episodes, but they're subtle in their references. Look harder, young one.
I know that. There are many hilarious references, like the 3d planet of pandora. But I was meaning a . crossover episode. 
Family Guy already went the way of the Simpsons years ago.
No star wars themed episodes.  I like star wars, but the star wars themed episodes of fam guy were dreadful IMO.  
Oh god that was awful. I think i'll have to agree with you there. 
Yep, they do. But the show itself has been cancelled, sadly... After those episodes are aired, the show will end. Forever. Perhaps? The show has revived itself before, and hopefully netflix will pick it up.
Which they should.
Yes. I acknowledge this. But why do those shows decline in quality in the first place? Lack of ideas. I mean, there is only so much you can do with a disfunctional family that lives in Springfield, and even at season 10 it was like beating a dead horse. .Family Guy was really never funny. All it really had was extremely crass and idiotic jokes. Cutscenes every second. I thought at first that the quality was going downhill, but then I just realized I was just getting more mature. .I really only found Family Guy funny when I was stoned. .Either way, the content is lacking. There can only be so many plot arcs. In the simpsons, the same plots for episodes have been recycled many, many times in different formats. Character development is nonexistent. But with futurama, we learned more about the characters with every episode. .There are a lot more stories left before futurama gets old. Several seasons, I would say. 
They started out as an intergalactic package delivery company so the show creators could take us to plenty of strange and exotic worlds. As the show progressed, the writers were able to think of different reasons for us to visit these planets instead of just "we have to deliver this". However, I am with you, I always enjoy the episodes where they actually deliver something.
"We're whalers in the moon.." --the first and one of the best delivery episode IMO.
I know, but the focus should have been a tiny bit more on the "Good news everyone! We have to deliver a package to the __ planet, where you could die a horrible death. Go on, have fun!".I loved those episodes, but towards the end it started to become ridiculous. No episodes seemed concern a package delivery anymore. 
Man, you guys remember when those pillows turned out to be really really heavy?! Ha! those suckers..
Be thankful you got 4 movies and another 52 episodes..The show can't go on forever. This was more than enough to make me satisfied.
Ehh, this wasn't the Simpsons, it still isn't beating a dead horse. It is satisfying but disappointing to see a show like this end. Satisfying due to the content, but disappointing because there was so many more stories to tell. 
Here here! ."Always leave them wanting more."
It wont end. Matt Groening has said he loves it too much to let it die. He is in talks with Netflix and others. Comedy Central was never the right network for the show and its great its being taken off that lame network. 
Reading that just made me so happy! You've made my day. 
None the less, the thoughts of it potentially going off air permanently are upsetting. 
Don't abuse that time code!
Nice tattoo. I was actually considering getting that too. But I am gonna try and get those 1 and 0s in as well!
this is the tattoo i want
If I could give you more up votes I would. 
So many butts in this thread. I love it.
Oh god, someone get a magnifying glass ASAP! .Edit : actually, I guess you can take your time... No rush now that I think about it 
The NSA will love this
I actually just watched this episode on Netflix last night.
I met this guy at first Friday in downtown phoenix. he had bender on his board, witch I complimented him on, and then he said he had a tat. I said let's see it, and he said it was on his ass, witch I really didn't care and he showed me.
I have the time code (and the clover from Luck Of The Fryrish) on my chest. But I don't know how to post a pic in the comments from my phone 8(
I had no plans to get a tattoo but god dammit. 
I have one of those too!!!!
Bite my tiny red ass.
[deleted]
I know right? My boss is fine with me looking at bare asses all day
God damn T-Mobile and their product placement
Wait a sec, this isn't ....
That's because this is awesome
"Bite my shiny Bender ass"
I see you took my advice.
I tried to find it on Netflix but didn't see it? Is it still there? Hiding...?
Do it. You won't regret it. Also, time travel.
Unless you're in the tentacle porn or evangelical industries.
kiss my shiny metal ass
Bite me pink, fleshy ass!
Psh. So he's got a little ink, 
literally just decided i wanted this tattoo today. This post made me want it even more
Well, I don't know if it makes any difference, but it was on my tablet, not on a computer or game system.
[deleted]
Well I would.
briliiant

ITT asses, and nothing butt.
Nice ass. :D 
Get to admire a show-accurate tattoo AND a good lookin' man butt. Today was a good day.
What's happening to my sprunger?
Bite my fleshy, human ass!
Not afan of tats but that's dope
Why not Zoidberg?
He's going on the other cheek
IF you want me to bite it ... You better save it hunny! 
Bite my tiny, metal, bender!
Is it just me, or does OP's ass crack look bloody?
Its not bloody for some reason it looks hairy/bloody but I can assure you its all hair.
Sure it is. Sure it is. What did you eat man? Was it ghost pepper soup with broken glass shavings? Because your ass looks like that is what you ate.
Checking out Man Ass pics again?  Isn't he a little old for you?
:shudders:
Dude! I wasn't the only one!

thanks for all the positive feedback! 
just in case anyones interested or wants a tattoo themselves and lives in the NNY area give my friend Ray a call hes an amazing artist!.His website: 
Me too although i got quite literally a screenshot copy of the tattoo, i think your version is pretty sweet too: . 
I don't think that's appropriate anywhere.
TIL a lot of people have a bender tattoo  on their ass  

Burst out laughing. Awesome tat! 
thanks!
That's a badass tattoo.
ITT: Redditors unabashedly show off their asses.
I've been mooning people all day. "Wanna see my new tatt?" 
I'd appreciate it if you didn't BAM the young lady.
Well I'd appreciate it if i did so I guess we're even
That's a bad ass-tattoo.
it's actually a good ass-tattoo.
No, bad-ass. OP's ass crack looks bloody. 
I've been wanting this tattoo since the second I saw it on Fry's ass cheek. .My husband, however, is not so keen on having to look at Bender when he's... Ahem... behind me. He shot that idea down pretty much right away. 
The misses and I are thinking of getting this as matching tattoos. I don't have any and she has 13 so I need to play some catchup!
Surely that could be rectified by including an encouraging speech bubble for Bender, or maybe have Bender winking?
"You can do it, meatbag!"
Just tell him that it would be fun on a bun!
Good thing my girlfriend is never going to be behind me like that..

aaaaaaaaaand now i know what pegging is. 
Just to.. Help you.. Expand yourself?
At least not until the roofies kick in.
Those damn roofies... Always kicking in at the wrong time 
Why do they call them roofies? They should call them floories
what about groundies.
or rapeies 


It's like looking into a smelly mirror.
There's mine I got done about a year ago. My favorite tattoo to date. I went with an image straight from the show, but that's pretty nicely done.
I also want to have that tattoo, but the problem is I already have something else there... Sigh.
This thread is amazing. Great tat.
thank you!
I really want to commend you on your "hair management", lovely bottom.
Just take out the penis for a moment then?....untasteful .? Sorry. 
Distasteful.Sorry
Thank you. You are just following the reddiquette!
Bite my shiny metal -- OH NOOOO!!!
 "You got a tattoo of me? Neat! Its like looking into a smelly mirror".
you got it facing the wrong way.
Could have been be design but we won't know until OP tells what's up.
It's a mirror pic, you even see his phone and the bottom of the mirror.
MIRRORS DO NOT WORK THAT WAY! .GOODNIGHT!
But in the show the cigar is facing towards the buttcrack, and in his tattoo it's facing away... Mirrors don't do that.... 
Wrong cheek.
He obviously took the picture in a mirror, so in reality it does face the right way.
No. Either way, the cigar faces the buttcrack. 
Not my buttcrack 

Hey, you didn't post it there.
Thanks, I'm at work and didn't hit send on mobile, retrying now! 
...but that's not how mirrors work..EDIT:.see, bender's STILL NOT FACING THE ASSCRACK.
It's on the wrong ass cheek, but it's not backwards.
Grab a sharpie. Draw an arrow on your asscheek pointing toward your anus. Act like it's bender's cigar. Take a picture of it in a mirror and just be ashamed at your lack of knowledge of what a mirror image is. .Then, if you're still butthurt. Go ahead and draw an arrow pointing toward your anus on the opposite asscheek. Repeat the above steps..Then be sad twice. Double sad. For being dumb.
I know its facing the wrong way it was an extremely tough decision but at the end of the day I didn't want a cigar aimed at my anus 
's not so bad.
that's fucking awesome.
excellent!!!
001100010010100001011110101101110011
[deleted]
Google it. Das_Boot86 was correct.

I too suffer from a very sexy learning disorder.
Does it mean anything? I put it in a binary translator and just got:
its 123456 with 3 digits vertically and then mirrored, apparently they just needed something that could be read the same in a mirror.
If you look at the ones in the binary, it looks like a rocket ship
It's the same but opposite if you read it left to right vs right to left. 
Oh, interesting. And each column has three 1's and three 0's.
and every row has four of something
If I am recalling correctly, this is done so Fry reading it with a mirror works out. 
Poor Bender, you're seeing things. You've been drinking too much, or too little, I forget how it works with you. Anyway, you haven't drunk exactly the right amount.
What is the goal for signatures?
Right now its set at 21,000, but really if we pass it it'd be great.
JUST SIGNED WOOOOO
I was surprised Futurama lasted for so many seasons on CC..I thought that the $1,000,000 per episode it cost on Fox would be tough for CC to keep up with.  Assumed cost, since Seth MacFarlane in an audio commentary said that was the cost for a Family Guy episode from start to finish in early 2000's..It also seems to be much more expensive than many of CC's shows.   I assume Daily Show/Colbert hires lots of temp staff or interns to do data hunting for the show.  And the animated shows they had previous seem to have a small staff. .Makes me wonder how many signatures would be required to show sponsors that their money will be worth it.
Honestly $1mil per episode is probably lowballing in this case.
O_o  that is very high..I doubt South Park goes that high? (paying essentially two voice actors, all done in house, and probably smaller writing staff)
I saw one source that it was $1.3 million per episode back in 2003 - production values have gone up (and the value of a dollar has gone down) since then.
I suspect you're looking at closer to $2 million per episode than $1 million.
Given that there are actors making hundreds of thousands per episode, it doesn't seem so unreasonable... (although obviously Futurama isn't as stupidly popular as Two and a Half Men... at least not with execs .)
It's had a great run. I'd rather it end now than get beaten into the ground
DOWNVOTE THE CRETIN!.But seriously, I agree with you. It's been going mainly downhill and although you can argue there's lots of directions it could go in - it's whether it can be done .. It seems the effort is just not there. 
Oh ye of little imagination. Futurama could easily run 2-3 more seasons before they use up all the ideas in Science Fiction. (science fiction is a very bland genre with not many ideas, too bad its not based on a typical american family, then it could run 25 seasons like Simpsons.)
It did, but I must disagree on you. The show still had a lot more stories left. To give you an example, there were a lot of unexplained plot arcs. .The show will technically end, but Futurama has died and come to life more than Fry and Leela ever have. I still have high hopes for it. Netflix might take up the show once more. Every time the show has been resurrected, the quality was boosted. Every episode in season 4 was a winner, and some made me laugh or just weep like a little bitch. The show was great, but I hope that it will come back. 
Amy works for PE because she's the Professor's PhD student, that was mentioned in a couple of episodes. You could conclude that she preferred spending time with the Professor and the rest because she doesn't like being around her weird mum and dad on Mars..Crossovers sound good but lose appeal pretty quickly.
Every time the show has been resurrected the quality has boosted? I have to disagree with you there, friend. I still think that right now it's a pretty good show, but not quite at the level of the original run.
Prod. season 6 was very good IMO. The late Philip J. Fry is one of my favourite episodes, as is Overclockwise. 
Yay! A tie!
OH YOUR GOD! HaHa good ol' Bender.
"Once around both same sides of the half twist."
Another new episode?!
I knew it was going to be him, though I didn't know the name.  And all the alien creatures encountered on the wall.  Bone Vampire, and Monoclops monster.. being the Orangutan doctor and those murals on the wall of his zoo manager office.
Those monkeys work fast, with the fry caps for sale.
Good episodes,  not the best but they still were very entertaining. I can't wait until next week! I think the Futurama cast did an amazing job.
It's back on, shh..
Listen to sparkles
I hate commercials. I don't want to wait two or three minutes to watch more Futurama. 
I thought it was hilarious as shit. I am really sad to see it go but i'm probably just a delusional fan.. I fall asleep to futurama episodes and wake up to them playing i love the damn show and am so sad to see it go.....Again...
Gunter returns. I said before, some good call backs to previous episodes this season would be great.
Quiet!  I'm trying to watch it!
Watch it or die trying!
A leather labcoat...I need one!
Now the 2-D glasses makes sense!!

Yahooo!!
Did anyone else see the billboard with the alien language on it? :D (It was in the opening of the second episode).Edit: Just saw the first episode's opening, it was in both openings 
Welp, I'm retarded. I thought I just missed things in the background when people on this thread were talking about nonsense that hadn't happened. It was only when reading your comment that I realised there were two new episodes, not just one. So, thanks (and yay).
Haha you're welcome, I hope you got to see both of them and just missed the opening? 
I really enjoyed both of these episodes even if my only means is to download them haha. I enjoyed the second one probably more than the first because we finally got to see more of Leela and Fry actually together, I'm a sucker for those two. The first one was pretty relevant considering Fast and the Furious just came out a few weeks ago. They were decent though, more of the same goofiness and that's all I could ask for. .My favorite joke of the night: .Human Cop: Should we chase after them?.Robo Cop: Naw we're on the job, let's just go pepper spray some homeless families..I was laughing long into the next scene after that one.
Spinny kicks!
No, a half lap. Remember two laps is one.
"You kids and your topology.".Oh Zoidberg
I believe they're alive somewhere, screamin' in agony.
"My bowels have returned at a bad time!"
Weren't Thylacines in the encyclopod during "The Wild Green Yonder"?  Creators must love those guys..Also yay for seeing the moon worm Al Gore rode.
Yeah, they put in a lot of past episode references. I love it!
I don't know if I've caught another seemingly trivial cool thing repeated like that.  Unless thylacines are a joke I don't get, apart from being extinct.
and Fry's pet that he hatched out the egg!
Oh god the look on Amy's face....
Was this a "Fast & the Furious" parody?
Haha, blue ass group.
That was my favorite joke. 
as a foreigner, I never knew american shows are loaded like this with commercial breaks
So are our sports.
Who's in the lead now? Seriously though, I have no idea.
Honestly the new episode is having me laugh like a giddy girl I'm really happy with it
I hope Shawn still doesn't have someone else's couch fibers on his butt.
I think I dun broke my back! Also, nice rack.
My "bazooms" have never endangered anyone's life!
I agree with the rack, it's nice
Eh, 6.5/10. Good nerdy jokes and premise, but it was honestly lacking in the humor department a little for me. Could be a lot worse, but definitely won't be remembered as one of the greats. 
8.5 best new premier?  Nah but it was pretty good!
Well, I guess the titles message "Put on 2-D glasses now" was more accurate than I thought.
You know who I hate most....wow that one got me good.
What's the matter compressor? 
Something to boost "Bessie's" speed, I think.
I saw this coming, and it was great.  Did anyone notice the bender mural on the building when the professor meets up with the racers?
yes.  it elicited a chortle..Edit: 
What was the joke with the girl who was verbally abused by her dad? That whole thing just fell so flat. Could have done without that.
"Somebody might see Wingus and the Ping-Pong boys!"
Hey, it's Gunter!.That was quite the long character hiatus.
It's always fun to see old characters =)
Wait Gunter was on there? I must have missed him!.Edit: Wait just how many episodes aired tonight? Did i miss one?.Edit 2: apparently i did!
And unexpected!  The best kind of return.
Props for the voice being the exact same. 
The joke was how she wouldn't stop talking about it.
Still don't get it...
And how it wasn't that bad.. well, I think to most people it's not.
It's making fun of the cliched "female character with daddy issues" in driving/racing action movies, what with the recent release of Fast and Furious #62.
I should've written it darker
I can't read it
You know that you are a real Futurama fan when you don't see any problems with the place-name, and don't even realize that it's in the F subreddit.
Hello fellow southern tier resident.
By now, it should just be the Latest York. 
Why isnt this 
Seems like they full knowingly mentioned new ny.
I concur. 
Because it doesn't say New New New New New New New New New New New NEW York.
BY THE POWER VESTED IN ME BY THE STATE OF NEW NEW YOOOORK
It has begun! The series of events which will one day lead to New New York are already being set in motion.
Haha that's what I was thinking of when I saw it!
pffftt. NNY can't hold a candle to Atlanta.
A candle in the lost city of Atlanta?.That just raises further questions!
The have "The New New York" commercials on all the time in the NYC area.
Why hello there. Uhhhhh.... Nice weather we're having isn't it?
This is how i picture most redditors. 
I like his little feet wiggling back and forth.
Cover your shame, mon!
Similarity ?

Animators or whoever designs characters always make the character have traits that their voice actor has. It's very common. :)
Like the fish that looks just like Will Smith. Idk the movie.... 
What do you think of that, Mr. Pajama-Wearing, Basket-Face, Slipper-Wielding, Clype-Dreep-Bachle, Gether-Uping-Blate-Maw, Bleathering, Gomeril, Jessie, Oaf-Looking, Scooner, Nyaff, Plookie, Shan, Milk-Drinking, Soy-Faced Shilpit, Mim-Moothed, Sniveling, Worm-Eyed, Hotten-Blaugh, Vile-Stoochie, Cally-Breek-Tattie?
Awww...that's not nice! 
Lol I was just watching this episode last night
Well there's another gif to be used in 

swf's take too long to load. gif that bad boy up!
gifs all well and good but this swf is better imo
I was eating potato chips and drinking beer when I watched this episode. As Bender got bigger I soon found myself putting them down and getting a carrot.
Pussy
whoo
...but he just said whoo!
That was just gas escaping!
When did he die? 
Whoo
Upvote for azuzuu :)

Depending on where you are in the world, today or tomorrow.
europe. but arent there any place i can stream
Not sure we can say on here, but there's obviously not 1 channel "dot ch" that you can go to...
im not shure either but i will try ;)
TTTTTTTTTOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNNNNNNIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
man i wish i could see it
Thanks, Harvey.
Did the writers actually get to write an ending for this show though?  Or did they just find it that they were getting canceled after they finished up this season? 
Well i dont know how to make a spoiler, but i am prettysure the episode that is the last has Fansworth invent a machine that can send people back in time 10 seconds. AND that fry and leela get married in the episode. I can just see them sending fry back to his own time and creating a loop.
You calling me crazy?! Hahaaa!
Stand back. I gotta practice my stabbin!
Don't get too close. Wouldn't want to get stabbed in the ass!
Stab you!
ROBERTO!?!?! what are you doing here?
...And the other hamburger will also be made of your lungs.
This is a stick up! Hand over your skin!
Not my Ebony Splendor!
I want one!
Please, please can someone post this again in another couple of days. I haven't seen this enough yet.
But not far enough ahead to put Fry under there too :P
I might be wrong but didn't they add the shadow to the DVD episode, but when they originally aired the pilot the shadow wasn't there?
Wow. Great find man!
Just watched this episode a few days ago! Awesome man! Cool as hell. 
This wasn't originally in the show. They re-added it later into the show for the continuity purposes. On the original DVD, it's not there. Also, when Bender, Fry, and Leela get the wrong career chips, Bender is originally Prime Minister of Norway, but for some reason, (I think a controversy with Norway or something a while back), they censored it and changed it to Chainsaw Juggler. They have a habbit of changing old episodes. 
That's not true. It was indeed in the original airing. I remember. I watched it. And I have the original DVD's as well, and it is on there. 
Norwegian here, can't possibly see Norway getting offended by such a joke. We think it's hilarious. 
They changed it after the 2011 attacks in Norway.
I always thought that the implication was that Bender had killed and dismembered the Norwegian Prime Minister.
That's what happened in the original. I've never seen the chainsaw juggler version :D
I remember an episode when the brains make Earth stupid Bender originally says in one part "Lets all join a reform party" but was later changed to "Let's all join the tea party!"
That stinks, I want to see bender as the prime minister of Norway.
FUN FACT: That's the actual hebrew phonetic translation for the word "slurm", except its sorta sounds a bit more like "shlorm". 
cuz this was before Leela's whole civil rights thing.
The Slurm factory was on Wormulon. Mutants only have to stay underground on Earth (src: Leela takes her mutant mom to star wars style bar space station and she out in the open with aliens)
Isn't that way after mutants are allowed on the surface already? Just the source part you mentioned. Otherwise you're correct.
You could also buy them as gifts for the disgusting mutants you may know back on earth.
I think it was for all the different kind of aliens.
Hey, that . fun!
I dunno about the sign, but those shirts look better suited to . than to mutants.
ahhh good call
True, I don't want Futurama to turn into The Simpsons, but I feel Futurama could have had a few more seasons before it became stale.
Relevant: 
I have no idea if this is a common opinion or not, but I feel like it lost a lot of its subtleties in the newer episodes starting when it came to CC. I still love it and everything but it I don't see as much of that really really subtle and dry humor from the first five or six seasons.
Ya, the simpsons really hit it's stride around season 4, and was pretty great for the next 6 - 8 seasons before it started sliding.
Bart- "my father was a drinker....."
I cringed pretty hard when i saw that the first time
I know it baby
I saw a commercial for it on Comedy Central. And it's the final season... :/
We need to go full . on these!..
Thundercougarfalconbird?
Oh shit! Gotta cheese it to my tv and record this!
if  this is some kind of sick joke...
My first thought on the third picture
Makes me want to cry that once again we're moving towards the end. .Someone pick up the damn show. Need more episodes. 
Tears will be shed on the last episode :(.
What?
Didnt they say futurama was canceled like a couple months ago? Pretty sure I called it be back... One of the best shows I've seen next to American dad. So.. Yea, saw that coming. 
When are there gonna be some new episodes??
You didn't see shit.
Where can I stream all episodes of Futurama ?

netflix
[deleted]
Dude, do you even netflix? 
NETFLIXXXXXXXXXXXX!!!.Do something!!

Thank you kind stranger have an internet point.
It is canceled, this is the final season.
Did you look at the pictures?  They all say "New Episodes coming June 19"..To answer your question - Wednesday.
Thanks Donathius. Yes, I was just being an ass, sorry. I thought it was funny that they repeated the starting date of the new episodes like 20 times. 
ha so did I, got annoyed because i couldnt stop mself from reading that caption on every image before i just looked at the picture
Ah.  Gotcha.  My sarcasm detector must need to be charged.
Nah. I should've made my intentions clearer. I think it's pretty hard to infer what an anonymous complete stranger is thinking in one ambiguous sentence. On the other this kind of misunderstanding has been the basis of many an entertaining-to-read Reddit thread.
  Anyhooo, thanks again Donathius for responding politely and just answering my question, even though I must have appeared as a dumbass. :-)
This is the End, beautiful friends.
No, don't take me back to that moment TOM.
My only friend the end

Neat.
The head-in-a-jar batman is lost on me. Unless that is Adam West.
That does look like him from about 20 years ago.
It's got to be Adam West. 
Its always the final season. 
Yes, this!  Gather round, children, as I tell the story of the FIRST time a Futurama cancellation was on the horizon..Back in my day when Futurama was cancelled, it stuck for years and years.  Thank god those dark, sad days are over.  But you kids today, with your "ZOMG Futurama is totes cancelled!" and dubbystepping.  They'll be back.  They'll always come back for us..And just in case they don't, they'll always leave us with a wonderful, heart wrenching/swelling end.
That was beautiful I would give you gold if I wasnt a poor sob
Hey, just the comment is worth it. Thanks.
Oh, no, I was there when they cancelled it the first time. But when Comedy Central says it's the final season, it just seems more reliable than Fox. But hey, who knows. 
Does 'gold' refer to the almighty hypnotoad?
This has been a PSA on making deals with devil.  .'Cause a deal's a deal, even if it's with dirty dealer.
Then I'll take what I want from Leela.
Leela has offered me her hand.
Fry, you do not understand!
I should have revealed I'd been deafened by Bender; the shame, the shaAME!
Didn't Comedy Central cancel it after the end of last season?
You may have to metaphorically make a deal with the devil. And by 'devil', I mean robot devil. And by 'metaphorically', I mean get your coat.
Woooo! Fun on the bun!
Fun on . bun!
Good news everyone! 
Is that the new,  Thundercougarfalconbird?....
Yes. 
It should not end. They are still running the simpsons. Have you watched the simpsons recently?
No. 
it should end with bender playing blackjack with calculon, hedonism bot and one or two other robots while a pair of hookers dance in the background on top of a big pile of dead humans.
The Simpsons is garbage compared to what it used to be...(my opinion of corse) 
I think it got old when it hit the 8th season. 
Next the angry dome.
They are keeping on. They're not in that building anymore though.
I don't recognize this , what's it from?
Season 9 episode 1 : The bots and bees.
Thank you 
No problem, it's a good episode for today.
Just watched it! It was season 7 btw. But still thanks. 
I really hope that they go on screen as themselves and they say "thank you for the years of fun. From all of us here at futurama" and then they show some of their favorite clips... Or something... 
I don't.  That's cheesy.
It's more of a thanks for staying with us through all of this... .And cheese is okay.
Just wait till netflix picks this up
I'm hoping they do
I'm so angry, but also sad. Can I be both?
Technically what we're going to see starting this week isn't a "new season". The episodes are new, but they are just the last half of the season that started to air last year (7).
I'm so sad, but also so angry
OP "Today is your day, it's joshualeet's cakeday, what a day for a cakeday, let's all have some cake!"
Death by Snu Snu!!!!
Happysad. Reference see marriage,
I immediately thought of this exact moment in that scene when I read the title.
well hopefully it's the final 
Death by Snu-Snu!
I have same feels as well
If Groening stops The Simpsons and Futurama, what will he do?
Maybe they will make some movies like before....
I still don't see why Fox can't air Futurama again, along with the Simpsons. 
We can always hope since the executives that originally cancelled Futurama have since been ground up into a fine powder. ."Aaaaaaah. That soothes the fire."
Because FOX is an asshole.
Seriously. What DON'T they cancel? Crap, that's what!
I would post that Family Guy clip, but I'm not really in the mood to (lazy). If someone wants to jump on this......Edit: Eh, screw it. .. 
I was thinking more of "those idiots at the .", but that works too. 
They were beat pretty badly. Some of them even died
"Final" 
"It just can't stay dead!"
Swim in an eternal sea of money.v
That might get dull. (Not that I would know.)
Ask Scrooge McDuck.
This is all part of a grand scheme to get Netflix to pick it up for another season..If we can hit that bullseye, the rest of the dominoes will fall like a . --checkmate!
In the game of chess you can never let your adversary see your pieces. 
One of us out there is Kif.
Am I the only one that is glad that Futurama is finally ending? It's one of my favorite shows of all time, but the overall quality has gone steadily downhill after the first cancellation (at the end of season 4). I would much rather see the show end with some grace and dignity than get drawn out much too long only to end in lingering misery.
I completely agree. The last season wasn't even that funny. I used to laugh so hard at old futurama-episodes, even if it was the 100th time i saw the episode, but the new ones aren't even worth rewatching.
I've never been a fan of this line of thinking.  You hear it all the time with pro athletes as well.  "He should retire on top and have fans remember him in his prime, and not have to watch his skills degrading."  It's the same thing as people complaining about the Star Wars prequels, not just because they're bad (they are) but because their existence somehow devalues the previous films.  I don't follow this at all.  Enjoy the parts you like.  The only way 'the new' can devalue your own enjoyment of 'the old' is if you yourself make that happen.  
"It's better to have Futurama branded garbage than no Futurama at all" is the wrong way of thinking..It's a shame how Matt Groening and David X. Cohen rode the franchise in the ground to make a nickel.
When it comes to scifi franchises, fans can perceive the value of existing canonical material to be undermined by additions. This happens, for example, if a certain fanbase has a really popular theory about something and new canon makes it impossible or changes it. As a Star Trek nerd I have to admit nerds are fuckin picky motherfuckers when it comes to their object of nerdery.
Wish they would keep it up. I love the show, all of it! Not sure why you think they only make the show for the 'nickel.' 
Snu snu!
DM; HSS
Iseewhatyoudidthere.jpg
Iwishfileshadspaces.exe
YouCanUseCamelCaseWhenFilesNeedAMultiWordName.gif
WhatAreWeTalkingAbout.png
You can put spaces in files. At least in Windows and Linux that I know. Also dots.txt
TIL
In Windows, you can use any symbol except for any of these:.\ / : * ? " < > |
IdontKnowJustPlayAlong.psd
Okwhatnow.jpg
StartActingNaturally.ppt
IThinkTheyAreOnToUs.pxr
Under_Scores_Are_Also_Fairly_Commonly_Used.mp2
What are you, gay?
"Ahhhh ;)"."AHHHhhhhh;)"."HHHHHHHHUUHHH D:"."What are you gay?"
The spirit is willing but the flesh is spongy and bruised
Cancel futurama, and it will become more popular than you can possibly imagine.... Again.
Worked for King of the Hill.
I tell ya h'wat.
Hey it sure worked for firefly... 
There, there friend. Come get some rehab over at ., all we/they do there is point out how the show was taken from us before its time 
I concur. 
I like Futurama:you solyarist,are a true fan. Tip of the hat to you.
It's a big rip off this song. But it's still a cool find. 
wow i really see the resemblance
Well yeah, like 100% of the chords on the shortened version and the melody are all direct rips from the song
oldie but a goodie
With Phil Hartman dead the only real choice is Shatner.
Yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm not a huge fan of Fillion but I can't help but think this is perfect.
Nathon Fillion as the captain of a spaceship? I just don't see it.
Just combined my two favorite shows. I shall give you as many upvotes as possible. So, one. But a big one. .Thank you for making my day
Here's the cast I have so far..Fry: Seth Green (special thanks to . for the suggestion).Leela: Sandra Bullock.Professor Farnsworth: Larry David.Hermes: Kenan Thompson.Zap Brannigan: Nathan Fillion (what started this post, derp).Mom: the woman who played Lucile Bluth on Arrested Development.Scruffy: Sam Elliott.Bender: Either his original voice actor or Bob Odenkirk.Hedonism bot: Terry Jones (doing his voice from the "where's the fish" bit).Sal (the end every word with S guy): Danny DeVito.anyhow, that's what I have so far.
OK as crass as this is does anyone know the lead actor in that porn flick Pirates? That guy in that role pretty much was the real life Zap Brannigan though much dirtier. 
Evan Stone! He's my favorite adult actor of all time!
Tommy gunn? Ilovehim
So you took the top comment from the last thread and made it into your own post for 800-odd link karma..That's a little blatant, don't you think? 
did someone suggest Nathan Fillion?  I don't always check the comments.  That's my fault though.
I like this game!  Fry and Leela??
I always think of Seth Green as Fry. 
Angelina Jolie as Leela?
Too slim, I see Leela as curvy and athletic. I cant think who else though :/ 
Tomb Raider Angelina Jolie has it
I think Sandra Bullock as Leela
That is awesome. She's got a great sense of humour too. 
My kid just suggested Leonard Nimoy as Farnsworth. 
Kenan Thompson as Hermes, but farnsworth is still eluding me.
Yesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyes
Yes, yes and a million times yes!
Yes, he would be perfect.
Upvote for Dr. Horrible mention.
My vote goes to Alan Ritchson.
Funny. As soon as I read the title, I pictured him. Not his personality as much as his mannerisms.
As did I
He's also gotten a little chunky, so actually really perfect..He played Dogberry in Whedon's adaptation of Much Ado About Nothing. Arguably, they are similar characters. Aside from all the fancy languagin' that is.
Leela I feel should be Kristen Wiig.. a little older.. more bitter
Captain Hammer.... seems cool.  Who is Bender?
After much thought I've decided that Bob Odenkirk is the best choice.  He would be in a costume and so you just have to picture his voice and personality as bender.
100% yes
The hammer is my penis... which is a condition of sexlexia.
symptom, not condition
I can think of few characters in anything that should not be played by Nathan Fillion.
Seriously.  He would be like the awesome equivilant to kevin bacon.
why not just use John William DiMaggio in costume?... he has the voice and personality already...
Or Charlie sheen as bender he has the personality minus the voice 
How about no to a live action movie alltogether
among other things, leela and zoidberg wouldnt work in any other medium
With the tech we have nowadays it would be possible, frightening as fuck but possible.
Zoidberg could be played by adam sandler, picturing him as a giant lobster nobody likes just seems to be the role he was born to play ( and he's Jewish). As for leela why not kaley cuoco 
Im not saying no actor could play them, Im saying they would look terrible in live action. Leelas eye cannot look good in anything but animation, and zoidberg would be the same
Fuck, Zoidberg would be hideous.
Although I agree, this is an amusing thought experiment.  Perhaps you never did this, but many of us love to discuss how we'd like our favorite stories to be portrayed in another medium; what, played by who, where filmed, etc.
X-post from .. sorry forgot it in the title.
I still love that Futurama can make quantum physics funny.


Guys, its the robot devils. 
We don't talk about what happened to the poor Korean colorist who made that mistake.
well why not?
Looks like it was meant to be the professors left hand but was colored wrong. 
What i want to know is how the fuck OP noticed this in the first place.
[deleted]
Holy fing nitpicking!
 
I like the fact that Amy is comforting Kif instead of the other way around.
Duh, they went over that in the pilot.
Herme's wife is wearing a flat shoe on her left foot and a heel on her right one incase you didn't notice that.  
In that picture? I don't see LaBarbara's shoes at all, as they are behind the chair.
you do know LaBarbara's the black one, right? her shoes are clearly visible.
Huh, alien blue loaded me this image from the other thread for this one .
- which is where her shoes aren't showing.
[deleted]
color zoidberg's head too
Or does Zoidberg wear claw shaped gloves?
Amy's sleeve around kip is a different color :-0
In episode 2F09, when Itchy plays Scratchy's skeleton like a xylophone, he strikes the same rib in succession, yet he produces two clearly different tones. I mean, what are we to believe, that this is a magic xylophone, or something?.Ha ha, boy, I really hope somebody got fired for that blunder.
Hmm... If you'll excuse me I'll be in the chamber of understanding
I think that IS Zoidbergs hand... 
Check the wiki for stuff like this if you are interested. There are tons of errors you would never notice.
The wiki's great, but I'm partial to the infosphere.org
Nice spot mate!
[deleted]

This show is crazy. Later in the series they explained how nibbler sent fry into the future, like much later(not sure on the specific season) and yesterday i rewatched the first episode and you can clearly make out nibblers shadow in the part where fry falls into the tube. Its crazy how far in advance shows are planned

Just checked. The shadow is indeed there
wait wat
The episode "The Why of Fry" explains, in great detail, how and why Nibbler sent Fry in to the future.
[deleted]
Well it does. Go back and watch it on Netflix. It's actually really obvious if you know to look for it. 
I know that, but I didn't know there's actually a shadow of nibbler in the first episode. Remind me to rewatch it
re watch it.
I'm doing that right now actually. But thanks
Well, your ass betta call somebodyyyyyyyyyyy
Whos in the back right? "I never seen him before in my life"
ScruffytheJanitor
mmmhmmm  yep
A candle that burns twice as bright burns half as long. mmmmhmmmm.
Nah, bruh. That's Zoidberg's claw, but it's shaped like the professors hand.
thanks breh.
No, Zoidberg is considerably further behind the professor and the chair and you can see the professors shoulder in front of Zoidberg to show this.
Gee..thanks Cubert...
ok
Claws don't have fingers. Check his other claw for reference.
i know! It was drawn incorrectly, boss.
Much more likely that they filled it with the wrong image. It's colored wrong, not drawn wrong. 
Also, you can see the white for the professor's sleeve. 
Actually, that's closer in color to zoidberg's jacket...
It was colored wrong! Lol
You can almost hear the "whoosh" sound as eros_thanatos' facetiousness zipped right over everybody's head.
Assuming he was trying to joke, yeah... wen't right over my head for sure.
You caught him red handed!
Listening to some of the commentaries from the S1-4 sets, the animators and writers say that if you watch closely enough that there are lots of episodes that contain all kinds of 'animation errors.'
Speaking of the commentaries on Futurama, this is the only show where I actually enjoy listening to the commentaries. I can't tell you how many times I've watched all of the DVD sets with the commentaries on.
The one I always notice is in "My three suns" where they barricade the huge door to the castle, and then in the next scene, the door is really small.
Definitely true. My girlfriend pointed one out the other day and it blew my mind that she noticed and I never did. I'm usually pretty good about picking up on those kind of things..EDIT: I asked her and she came through. This is her copy and pasted response (Sorry I was in the shower! And it was the episode where they licked the presidents heads and go back in time. It was the blonde doctor that has big boobs. Her dress is usually purple and when they showed her the top half was the same color as her coat and then when they showed her again it was back to purple) .Just in case she didn't come through I found a list of some errors as a 
The number one that always fucks with me when i see the episode is when bender and fry are in the robot insane asylum and they are doing the "CHANGE PLACES!!" scene and fry gets knocked around and as they robots are moving his tray spills his oil out and you see it low and nearly empty and on a camera angle change it's instantly full again. 
Thanks for telling us what it was.
He edited his statement and your comment is still valid. Color me impressed.
I couldn't remember otherwise I would have. I'll text her, hold on..UPDATE: I edited my original comment with the requested information.
Now you have us intrigued, you better deliver
I did! I edited the original comment!
and why does it look like amy has leela's Wristlojackimator? 
Maybe she was playing Tetris.
Yeah, that seems like a much more interesting error to me
Amy has been known, among others, to wear the device from time to time. Check out "Kif Gets Knocked Up a Notch", when Amy checks her calender to set Motherhood mode.
Yes, but if I recall correctly, she has a smaller wristlojackimator.
But Leela seems to be missing hers too? Maybe they traded them instead of hairties or whatever it is women-folk do.
There's no way to tell if she's missing hers. Most of her arm is hidden behind the wheel.
I've never once noticed that before.
Presumably it's often concealed underneath the sleeve of her hoodie. 
Fry: Professor, why is your hand red? Have you been touching Zoidberg?.Professor: You imbecile! I would never touch Zoidberg!.Zoidberg: A lobster can dream....Leela: None of us would ever touch Zoidberg but, that still doesn't explain your hand. .Professor: Oh, this? Well, the frailty of old age and the fact that I haven't begun fossilizing naturally led me to experiment with growing my own impenetrable exoskeleton. A few of Zoidberg's barnacle scrapings, a dash of DNA sequencing, some paprika for flavour and viola! Nigh, indestructible hand..Amy: DNA and paprika? That sounds dangerous, Professor..Professor: Very. That's why I secretly tested it on Bender first. .Bender: You what now?.Fry: Professor, does this mean you're part Zoidberg?! .Leela & Fry & Amy: Ew!.Bender: Don't be so judge-y. According to recently revealed and horribly violating secrets I'm 40% Zoidberg.
I would advise them to hire you, but you'd be instantly laid off. :(
Maybe I'll start a 'I'll write the dialogue to explain crappy animation errors' subreddit. 
Please do that. I love hearing alternate stories that have nothing to do with the American History, so you'd give me plenty of entertainment.  .Maybe do it on a personal website, too?
Genius
It's like you pulled it straight from the episode! Bravo.
I read that in everyone's voices, very nice.
Not sure if good writer
or watched way too much Futurama,
Thanks folks!
Your talent is underappreciated, that was spot-on.
Asian animators are cheap, they work hard but sometimes some very tired dude does a mistake, and some very american producer does not notice.


I wonder what the Koreans thought about this?
I'm sad now...
That poor unicorn...

And they also screwed up the colour of the guy's shirt near the end of that video.
I believe that was done on purpose in an effort to mimic when the the same shirt color switching error error was made in something else. My details are fuzzy, though.
which episode is this from? Thanks in advance.
I've got 1 nail, and another nail to nail it in!
nvm, found it on google.

This is the sort of content this subreddit needs more of. :).Well done!
Did I mention wow...
Wow what an amazing link. That is like so wow...just wow. I mean wow. 
How?
Here's a better one 
Black background? 
thanks for my new background/lockscreen! 
That would be supreme.
hey thats a repost from my post :(
I wanted to see the Angry Dome and the chamber of understanding.  :(
where in the blazes did you find such a thing!?!
I just found it on a forum while looking for some layout specs!
The comics. 
I wouldn't say they really predicted that much. The 360 had a camera, so they went kinda 1984 on that. Violating the EULA happens all the time due to not reading it, and the "slightly modifying a thing I own" I believe was tossed in there just because of how ridiculous it is that it's true. The only thing that it seems like they're predicting is the enforcement of the rules and the punishment.
Honestly, the writers of these shows usually don't get appreciated until what they predict actually comes to pass. Some brillant comparisons to this and Microsofts new console as well as the 360.
This episode never made any sense to me. Seriously, in the first episode, Bender was going to kill himself. He met Fry, they went to the bar, and abandon their jobs. So the professor never could have read that even if he wanted to...
I wonder if he suffers from Sexlexia too.
There's something unnerving about this picture. But in a good way. Like your sister's panties unnerving. 
What is the episode?
Forever futurama will be missed 
Oh, please. You forgot me quick enough when you met Colleen. 
Such an underrated episode, one of my favorites--both its comedy and it's emotion
This is so much worse to me than the Jurassic Bark ending
Oh man this one got me right in the feels.
I actually don't like this moment, because it assumes that Leela isn't being honest or fair when she tells Fry she doesn't want to date him. It assumes he needs to do some magic trick to make her love him. .How ridiculous! It doesn't work that way, people! And what does it say about the female heart? "Women don't know . they want, so you can do some weird sorcery and fool them into loving you." Thppbpt.
What season and episode was this? I want to rewatch it. 
This was my personal favorite scene in the entire series. Tears guaranteed, every time.
Yes, it is sad how low quality this image is. This episode was in HD!
DAE THINK FUTURAMA HAS SOME SENTIMENTAL MOMENTS???!
I can hear his scream.
This sub fucking sucks! Seriously everyone keeps regurgitating the same type of posts even with similiar titles. Futurama is a fantastic show with soo much depth and creativity that I feel sorry that stupid posts like these are what you take away from the show. 
It is pretty sad the show was on Fox at one point... The root of its troubles. 
The root of their troubles was being on national television?
Eh it's a close second to the time machine episode where leela thought fry was late and found out he wasn't, just stuck in the future

Time Keeps on Slipping

I honestly felt worse for Bender. He was THREE SECONDS from becoming an honorary Globetrotter. 
Deal with it.
The relationship between Fry and Leela is probably my favorite TV relationship.
You don't even have to compare it to Twilight to be a good love story.
The saddest part for me is the episode with the yeti and hyper malaria, when everyone says the hate zoidberg and he said, "but friends..." .That would be a front page gif. I just gave someone a ton of karma because I'm too lazy
"Fatherman...away."
When is this subreddit . on the subject of sad moments?
Why can't we just be happy?
Because our one of our favorite shows has cancer and is going to die.
When the title says "I'll miss jokes like these" or something similar to "My favorite scene in the series" or what have you. 
That's a post, not the whole sub
Don't forget ''It's the little things''.
And the, "whenever I log into reddit" [Remember me]
Also one of the most frustrating :( 
Everyone always seems to forget about this one..Edit: got the dialog wrong
Why is it frustrating? I'm just wondering.
they'll end up together in the end.... they have to!!
Correct me if im wrong, but isnt that message the thing that made Leela want to marry him? But she didnt remember it because of time skips, then didnt see it before it imploded? Hence, the frustration..Lets give this fellow a proper explanation instead of downvotes, guys.
That pretty much sums it up.  It was a very sad episode though.  
Bender: (Whistles the Sweet Georgia Brown theme...)
I've always wanted to know what that song was. Thanks! :)
As explained in Leela's Homeworld, the people at the orphanarium believed she was an alien, so that's what she grew up believing she was.
Also worth noting that her mother is a xenolinguistics expert and left her with a note in "Alienese" in order to convince the orphanarium that she was an alien--and so that she could be spared the horrible, degrading life of a mutant.
Yes, to further clarify, if they had known that she was a mutant she would have been banished to the sewers because at the time it was illegal for mutants to be on the surface without permission.
that episode where she was with the fake cyclops came before the episode where she found out she was a sewer mutant
She did not learn that until after she was tricked.."A Bicyclops Built for Two" came before "Leela's Homeworld"
"Leela's Homeworld" is broadcast Season 4, Episode 10; watch this one if you haven't seen it yet OP
I honestly always thought that part was super creepy. Mutants can just get all up in the walls of your house? No thank you. 
its the wifes favorite episode/scene, commentary of the episode it super informative too, I recommend it
[deleted]
Right in the leels
Yes it does, all the time, by everyone who has ever seen the episode.
doesn't she come from the sewers?
That's what I thought. He parent's lived underground in the sewers and gave her up for adoption. I didn't think the mutants had a homeworld.
Can anyone find a video? I haven't seen this episode in forever. 

[deleted]
You just ruined my weekend man. Thank you.
I'm amazed by the buffer speed, overall quality, massive content and number of mirrors. Definitely the best cartoon streaming site out there.
Quit looking for stuff to cry about..It's just a montage with sentimental music.

I may have cried...
you sound like Kayne West at the VMA's
This and Jurassic Bark are two episodes will never cease to hit me hardest in the feels.
They are so good at punching us right where it hurts..Those two, and Luck of the Fryrish.
That was the only Futurama episode that made me cry, and an Adventure Time episode.
LE FEELS AMIRIGHT
Why are you even commenting.
They do. Earth!
The whole time in the series, they led you (and Leela) to believe she was from a different planet, so the title of the episode is meant to further mislead the viewer and make the reveal all the more important that Leela is actually a mutant. .The only clue the series gave before this episode was where Nibbler is flushed down the toilet. In the background of a scene with a lot of mutants, you can see who you later learn are Leela's parents. 
There are so many moments like this in Futurama, I think its what sets it aside from a lot of other TV shows.
It is one of my favorite parts of the show. And as to the music, I love the choice of "Little Bird" when they show baby Bender, I don't know the name of the episode but it is the one where Hermes tries to hide the fact that he passed Bender on through inspection though he was defective.
Yes! That song, that episode. I get teary and I am like "he is a robot why am I sooooo emotionally invested in this!!!" Good writing. Good music choice. Feelings activated. 
It's called Lethal Inspection. I was almost in tears the first time I watched It. One of my favorites. .I love how they still find wsys to make you feel genuibe emotion with good storytelling. 
I can't wait till I'm old enough to feel wsys about stuff.
If somebody didn't know better; that screen-cap totally makes it look like she's about to get strangled by a hobo.
The music works perfectly with this ending! Futurama does so well with picking all their music :) 
If I'm completely honest, I thought that montage ending was a bit ham fisted because of the song choice. If they dialed it back just a notch, it would be up there with Jurassic and Fryrish. Maybe even just cutting out the lyrics. But that's probably just me...
The song is annoying.
I had already heard the song before, so it didn't bother me at all. I found it very sweet and fitting.
I like that little bird song at the end of the episode where Bender and Hermes end up in Mexico. 
That's my favourite too! Goes so well with the ending.
Which reminds me..   where's the soundtrack album?  Tired of shutting up and taking our money already?
"Baby Love Child" by Pizzicato Five

Already got it but thanks anyway :)
The rest of the song that's not in the episode is a bit crap though. "Attention, adults", WTF.Edit: and also the Japanese line that sounds like "I shit in your soup"
It is odd.  But that's the 5 for ya.
Cut a 2X2" pipe and had this left over. Made a mini frame out of it. 
I like you ladder logic background for this picture. 
HA. thanks was trying to explain a latch to a friend. 
Haha, I just watched this one last night and chuckled as well.
Where's drunk? Over here? Over there? Oh I don't care, drunk is drunk, doesn't matter where, as long as we're drunk
We're*
I'd say this one deserves a full laugh, maybe even a laugh out loud. 
That's generally the point of a comedy.
Not double vision but parallax!
Actually, that was the first time I noticed these texts at the beginning of the movie.
Your overtly unoriginal: whale biologist 
I think that one has always been one of my favorites.
Why the fuck would a robot want a large and properly formatted data file anyway?
Is the puppy mechanical at all?
THE FLOWER WOULD ALSO HAVE BEEN ACCEPTABLE.
Daffodil 

What's the first picture from? Looks beautiful.
Castle in the Sky by Studio Ghibli and Hayao Miyazaki. (sp?)
NO. IT IS THE BAD KIND OF PUPPY.
The best episode in my opinion.  Nice post!
If someone knows the authors of this images, please comment with source. I just found the two without sources. Thanks! :)
I want so much for the Tardis to say "Suicide booth" up top LOL. 
My two favorite shows!
They should make a Doctor Who AU spinoff with Bender as companion. That would be the funniest thing ever.
Yeah I loved the source of both images pleaz !
To be honest, I think it's more likely that Futurama will have a parody of Doctor Who. 
Well I stole you image for my background, so it goes full circle 

You can bite my shiny cyberman ass 
Awesome background!
Golden opportunity to use the portmanteau "Whoturama" totally wasted. 
Here, good sir, have an upvote and this: 
Or at the very least Docto-Rama
One of my favorites.
A true Brannigan.
A well calculated move... straight out of Sun Tzu's ancient text, .. Or my own masterwork, ..
One of my favorite quotes:
Zapp: We'll be like fish in a barrel!
Nixon: What's your plan Branigan?
Zapp: My plan is to hide in this barrel, like the wily fish!
That was my senior quote when I graduated high school
"In a game of chess, you can never let your adversary see your pieces."
I actually tell myself this before I play chess in tournaments.  I don't know why, I makes me giggle and relieves a lot of nerves and tension before the game.
Developer commentaries did say they could have just ended the series right there. Or even earlier during Fry's "funeral" on the same episode.
Finally, someone who doesn't wank off over Jurassic Bark being the most sad episode.
The Luck of the Fryrish is the saddest episode ever. 
It's "sting"
Dammit, my DVR lied to me.
It's all just one big conspiracy.
You could really use a shower...
You too
I should post the last 5 threads that literally said the same thing. 
Black magic. I just watched that episode last night.
Erotic! Erotic!
TIL Zapp is bisexual. never mind, I remember that in this episode, Leela is dressed as a boy.
Y'know, Zapp, once I thought you were a big, pompous buffoon. Then I realized that inside you were just a pitiful child. But now I realize that outside that child is a big, pompous buffoon!
Not quite. He's referring to Leela in drag.
Army clothes aren't drag are they?
You're right. Looked it up, and apparently drag is only when men dress in women's clothing.
Lower Too low!! Lower
"Kip bring me my new girdle"
Kip? 
ugh!
I literally just watched this episode.."Your hand while firm and masculine, is soft as a velvet child."
Kif! Get me ten cases of Pert 'n' Popular!
What do you want me to do with your jergens sir?
Go rub it on some homeless guy.
With dry elbows. 
With dry elbows! 
Say, Lemon, do you like to read? I just got a great book on tape, it's about life in ancient Greece...
It took me a long time to catch this. They slide it right in.
I just got it...
I still don't get it!
in Ancient Greece it was perfectly okay for two men to be in to each other (literally) without them being considered gay or it being socially unacceptable. 
You don't read a book on tape, you listen to it.
I see what you did there. With olive oil. 
Um... Phrasing?
EXPLAIN IT TO ME
Life in ancient greece had a lot of male+male relationships based around mentors and young warriors, much like Zapp and Lemon. 
Also book on tape.

One of my absolute favourite Zapp moments, the delivery is just fantastic.
Kif's response really seals it too.
I have never been so happy to have been beat up by a woman!
We should do it again, sometime.
God that website is terrible..When you make an account, you can give a garbage email at least.
Open them up dude, it got them to, but they are much more awesome when they stand on their own :D
i actually think the boxes themselves are pretty cool, but i dunno 
The boxes are great! I kept the box of my most recent one (normal Leela) on my shelf, but I have the figure out with my others (I've all of the Robot Devil series minus Kif).
EDIT: and I don't know if you've opened them, but its fairly easy to put them back after taking them out :)
You fool! A quip about putting me behind bars would have been far more delicious. 
The figures themselves are much cooler. The boxed look is imo a little colector creepy
Clobberella, Super King, and all the rest.
I bought those 3   and when I went looking for the rest of the set, the prices, oh my
NRFB
the best one of the three!
We are . amused!
I think the Super-King one is the greatest. Of the three.
Super King you rule!
Super King approves.
"Ah, the superheroes. Or should I say super zeroes?"
"That was uncalled for."
I like that they are still in their box... I can't do it... Fucking open those boxes and play with those motherfuckers. They deserve it.
You could even say they're...deskorations.
You mean deskorations right?
Just amazon. i had wooden bender, but i gave him to my little brother for graduation. 
Clobberella, Captain Yesterday, and Super King, the greatest of the three
My liege!
El Zilcho
Oh man, my wife would LOVE those. Where did you find them?
Amazon or EBay. 
the elephant who never forgets......TO KILL!
They are terrible!!! Whale biologist
El Zilcho!
A duo, huh? Yeah, duos are good. Sometimes they're a little short-handed.
The deadliest animal of all is... the Zookeeper.
I approve of this. 
But what about the elephant who never forgets.....TO KILL!
CITIZEN SNIIIIIIIIIIPS!
I would be worried about co-workers stealing them. 
Citizen Snips! 
Downvoting for "u"
Clobberella beats you up, Clobberella beats you up
who does she beat up?
YOU
How do you play with them in the box?
I forgot fry and his dad in cold warriors
too many to list..my favourite by far is the late phillip j fry
Awesome, awesome to the max.
Shut up and take my money!!!
i can tell by the tidy peg board on your wall that you would cringe if you saw my garage workbench and tool area....think aftermath of explosion.
Hah! I did a little cleaning before taking the photo. It's usually a mess.
I was entirely expecting it to say 'go away; we're open.'.Good job though!
This is beyond awesome.
Really well done!
If you are the creator, you should seriously consider making and selling these. I'd buy one!
Seconded 
Thirded! I would love one of these.
Yeah, and the 1000 redditors who post that 
I can sum up my opinion of this picture with one word:.meta.
I made a picture of his head in a jar and replaced it with the actual picture for their album Odeley
please post a picture of the tattoo once you get it! 
Will do!
Here's a bunch:
Awesome! Thank you very much!
Post a link I wanna see! 
This is the 4th "last season"
Is that season 9? They are still showing season 8 on Sky (UK).
Hell yeah
I'll be watching the episode while drinking some cham-paggin and eating parmisian cheese.
This show has had a really good run, its really tough to get the coveted Six Seasons and a Movie (Community reference) but Futurama got 7 seasons and 4 movies.  In my eyes this is a success, but unfortunately our favorite show never had a chance of catching up with the 24 seasons that is The Simpsons.  Not enough Americans are intellectual enough to understand why Futurama is so great:/
Excited and sad. 
That, and big wigs who decide which shows live or die don't understand why this show is worth saving even with the relatively small viewership base..As improbable as it is...God, I wish Netflix would pick it back up.
Matt Groening loves this show so much it's kind of like his baby and I think that he is fighting and getting in with every network to try and have it picked up
To the suicide booth! D:
indeed
indubitably
Well said. 
Season. Not series. You're thinking of Doctor Who.
haha yeah season premiere of the series is what I is ment
Season 8? You mean 7
No, the new episodes of Futurama on Sky One are Season 8 (or at least, labelled as such).

Thank you!!! Now when I reference her to friends I can show them this and they won't be all, wtf?
god damn it's even in Spanish that's fantastic 
Would like to say I got it from an electronic toy but it was from a box of cigars
But... Wouldn't it be "Good to see Hermes has a job 1000 years prior to his job at a robot factory"?
Netflix, if you have an extra ten dollars every month. It has every episode to date plus the movies. .. I love this site because it pretty much has every popular TV show on it and it uploads episodes the day after they air. 
watchcartoononline.com
thank you!
Pretty cool zoidberg illustration
You still have zoidberg. YOU ALL STILL HAVE ZOIDBERG!!
You missed the 'unhuh' off the end 
Why is everyone on this subreddit talking as if it was finished? We still have half a season to watch.
Which episodes ?
second
Hmmm.. Yup
"They haven't aged a day. The whale must have some kind of Moebius colon that endlessly recycles time and space!"."Yup, that stands up to scrutiny."

Upvote for not making your title "Why I Love Futurama"
Oh, Fry, you gotta try this sterno-nicoise!
Aw, that's robot food! I-.Mmm!
Ahaha damn which episode is this from this was a good one 
Bender gets made.
Bender Gets Made. Dunno what season tho.EDIT:  No!  Two minutes late!.EDIT 2: As in, I posted it two minutes after the other person.  Not the episode two minutes late.  That's not an episode.  
episode 13 in season 2
Is there any meat this man can't jerk!?
....I just got the joke.
I've never had jerk chicken before, so I was doing a little research to find out more about it. 'Jerk seasoning primarily relies upon two items: allspice and Scotch Bonnet peppers' ...
 Never heard of those peppers, let's see...'Most Scotch Bonnets have a heat rating of 100,000350,000 Scoville Units. For comparison, most jalapeo peppers have a heat rating of 2,500 to 8,000 on the Scoville scale.'.Sounds pretty damn spicy! Can anyone here confirm?
Jeez, no wonder LaBarbara's hot curried goat burned through all the way to Robot Hell in The Six Million Dollar Mon. 
Also known as the habanero.
Depends on the preparation, and it's pretty spicy, but not unbearable.
350,000's nothing. Try 2 million scoville sauce. It's more unpleasant coming out than it is going in.
If you find Jalopeno peppers to be noticeably spicy (ie they don't taste like fancy pickles) then Scotch Bonnets aren't for you.
Spicy? .I tried a hotsauce made from ghost peppers once and it tasted like chemical burns...
We call it: Caribbean Drano.
Why is this quote so best?
I don't know if I entirely agree, but this might be the first time I've seen someone nominate a "best Futurama quote" on this sub that didn't completely befuddle me. (For what it's worth folks, I only check this sub intermittently; undoubtedly I just missed all the good ones.).Off the top of my head, I think I prefer "Hey, I don't tell you how to tell me what to do, so don't tell me how to do what you tell me to do!" Also, although I don't think it can compete here, I have to mention "I won't let my friend be recycled! Not for five cents, not for five . cents!".Futurama has this fantastic style of wordplay you don't see anywhere else, that I've never been able to pin down. Which is rare for me, to find a joke I can't analyze all the fun out of. Something about taking a cliche, dumping all the sense out, and then still delivering it with perfect earnestness. 
[deleted]
A Bicyclops Built for Two. .The one that should have had Ed O'Neil as Alkazar. 
Nope, Bend Her
Though wrong episode, I completely agree it should have had Ed O'Neil.
How is it not? 
Bend Her, when Bender had a sex change to compete in the Olympics
I love how fry is delivering a message for someone who is delivering a message for someone else.
...and that message from someone else is in fact from himself (the persona he's acting)..I have given this joke a lot of thought... I really do think it is the best one-liner on the show and possibly any show for show, (though it wouldn't be as funny without Bender/Coilette gasping "Congo Jack!?" as he rides in on his dirt bike.)
Billy West? What a dumb, phony made-up name.
How colossal was that convention?
It was very colossal! ;)
I believe they are. At least at first. First episodes that are airing are "2-D Blacktop" and "Fry and Leela's Big Fling." Not sure about the rest of the season. 
Keep this up il get you your own pair or clamps 
"CLACK!"

Napoleon, give me some of your tots.
Not sure I would trust Zoidberg with my tots, admittedly.
I actually thought you had your own set of clamps from the thumbnail
Zoidberg: "The maggots are ready, but they're hot. Here, wear these."
No, go find your own!

Tater tots, not small children..Got it. 
"Instead of 'tots' he writes 'maggots.' Now that's humorous! Today's comedians could learn from this post."
Your oven mitts are ugly... Whale Biologist!!!
I don't know how you could resist posting a picture "woop woop woop-ing" on the streets with those on. 
Where would one buy such a vitally needless product?
Bed bath and beyond. Most superfluous purchase this year and I couldn't be happier.
Ah, yes, found them: 
I have these in green. Im zoidberg from another dimension. 
I am a successful doctor with many surviving patients
Wasn't parallel universe Zoidberg blue?
Im guessing one of the many were green
THE CLAMPS
Only $14.99 for a mitt set. Two mitts! Oh, Zoidberg, at last you're becoming a crafty consumer!
TIL you can buy . of oven mitts
Nice find 
Thanks! Glad you enjoyed, not sure if there would be an audience for an article like this 
how exactly could you do something like this? someone help? .thanks
And I'm his friend Jesus!
GET HIM, JESUS! 
How dare you lie in front of Jesus.
Jesus is a pineapple.
I help those who help themselves!
Dammit, I can't return from the dead in three days!
I have seen that truck... I have pictures as well. . - That is up in Mount Vernon, WA
I wish I had had the balls to do something like this on my first (piece of shit) car. This is awesome.

Idk...I've watched all the episodes multiple times...except Jurassic Bark.
I have never been close to my Dad, he helped with some things but I never really told him about my life. My parents got divorced when I was seven so the last time he heard something super significant about my life I was still in middle school. This scene hits home to me as well. But I have to say that I was also raised with a dog that I cared about and loved more than my father so the Seymour scene still means more to me personally. 
so many feels for Fry
But did you SEE The episode with Seymour???
I love the name of the beer can. 
My dad died when I was 16. I feel ya there, bud.
What episode is this?
I hate heart-warming dad scenes :(
Luck of the Fryrish has the most feels. I had to get the clover tattooed on my chest
I agree!
He doesnt want him to get frozen. :(
Maybe the father son relationship is more heartwarming to this guy then Seymour. Personally all the sad episode makes me cry like a bitch.
The flashback through Leela's life is what gets me every single time.
oh my god, shut up about this already
Seymour gets to live out his days with fry. His dad doesn't. And he gives the best advice.Thick and blue, tried and aaaahhhh!
Crispy doesn't even . with risky!
Jurassic Bark's ending was ruined by Bender's Big Score. We now know that Seymour ended up living with Fry for many more years and died a quick and painless death. Yancy, on the other hand, died never knowing what happened to his son.
Cold Warriors, Season 6 episode 24.
Classic episode!
I have seen Jurassic Bark on multiple occasions and it pulls at my heartstrings everytime. The end of this episode just reminds me a lot of what I wish my dad would say to me is all. 
"I don't want you getting frozen."
He's so damn cute as a kid :)
Luck of the Fryish is the saddest in my opinion.  I have to skip it on every re-watch I do, because I always cry, and I'm a grown-ass man!
Few people would admit to being an ass man.
Few people would admit to having a grown ass.
That's not true. I, personally, am an ass man.
On the contrary, the greatest men have always been ass-men..If you want to continue reading ...Yes, I realize how that sounds, but if you can get past the furry art style . was a great series that covered some heavy topics, and I recommend reading that before starting his ongoing series Original Life (which follows the characters as adults with children of their own).
"Look son, I know I give you the business sometimes, but if I'm hard on you it's only because I want you to grow up strong and resilient. Someday, you may face adversities so preposterous, I can't even conceive of them! But I'll know you'll pull through and make me proud. I love you son."
I don't think being constantly mean to his son 'for his own good' is a very good reason. The moment didn't really touch me.
I agree, though you could make the counterargument he's not supposed to be presented as any kind of a model father. He also has his son drinking beer at the end, after all; and a thousand years later Fry still hasn't gotten over the shame of his crappy experiment. I think the idea is supposed to be, it's a pleasant surprise to find . love in this dysfunctional mess..But more than this, I just didn't think it worked. This little speech sounds like it's coming from a totally different character, and when I rewatch the episode (let alone any other episode with Yancy in it) I don't see a hint of the concern he's supposed to be motivated by, not even buried deep in the abuse. Maybe it was a hard job to turn this one-dimensional joke character into something more, but either way they didn't really pull it off; they just had him . they had pulled it off.
Yep, that right there.
Saved the universe how many times?
I think these really touching scenes make Futurama unique and so much more complex than other shows I've seen. There have been so many instances where I have been able to sympathize with the characters, and that makes it all the more special.
Empathize*
Ah you're right. Empathize is the word I should've used.
Did you make yourself? 
I read that title in Hermes' voice without even trying!
i read that as 'panda express wall'.now i want orange chicken
There is. 
Details?
Phil Lamar even looks like Hermes lol
Love it! Did you know Billy West did that voice? It's perfect. 
The other episode is bender should not be allowed on television both from volume four or season five.
Have you noticed that in one of the Anthology of Interest stories (can't remember which one), Leela says "ASK" instead of "AKS"? 
I thought the X was there as a different David Cohen had registered his name, and there can only be one? So he gave himself an irrelevant middle initial..The X does make him sound cool though...
Where is dogdoo ix?
Definitely my favorite joke from the show.
I love the little things. Especially the really obscure shit. In Bender's Game, it had Fry being Gollum-level obsessed over some knife. There was an infomercial. They specifically said: "1101-1816 is the item number...".I had to pause it because I lost all control. With a delay of about 1.8 seconds, I got the joke. I laughed until it hurt. .It was a reference to this: 
What are you on about? The universe ends at Dogdoo 7.
It should have said Poopiter
Poopiter is just off screen. V-GINY just blew it up.
Along with Planet XX and that world that can't be mentioned in polite company.
You mean Planet ?
Ugh, how dare you!
nope, that's the home of [REDACTED], just out in the [REDACTED] quadrant.
why is the . foundation editing reddit comments?
They are a bunch of [DATA EXPUNGED]
i may be having a whoosh moment, but they're not... wait... but that [DATA EXPUNGED] ... if i type odd, they might not get through....J.u.S.t.[].l.I.k.E.[].T.h.E.[].n.S.a
No, that's a different planet.
I don't know what you're talking about OP, Urectum isn't really what I'd call a "little thing".
They meant that the sun is small in comparison to the planets.  That's the joke.
It's the little cliches that make these titles fucking terrible
Yeah, I'm pretty tired of . on every post in this sub.
I thought this title was a bit cliche, but that is just terrible.
Did you know Futurama is made up entirely of little things?
It's just continuity, it's from a much earlier episode.
continuity in a show of this style is something to be admired. completely unrelated events every week, still keeps facts straight.
Out of interest, have they made any references to Earth spinning in the opposite direction since it changed?
When did that happen?
In "That Darn Katz!" (Season 6, Episode 8).
i know they have, but i have no idea the episode or any context around it..anyone else know?
As you may recall, in the episode "A Big Piece of Garbage," Professor Farnsworth tells Frye they renamed Uranus to Urectum, in order to end the juvenile jokes... What episode is this picture from? I'm not as good with the newer ones, whereas the old ones I have practically memorized...
same here, know seasons 1-4 word for word. The rest.. patchy at best.
I believe it's from "In a Gadda da Leela", with the V-Giny heading towards Earth.
Ding-Ding. We have a winner!
Now kiss.
It was the episode with the giant ball of garbage that was heading toward earth, they discovered it with the smelloscope  
He's talking about the episode this screenshot is taken from, which is not the garbage ball episode.
Oh guess I miss read that
Who is Miss.Read? Is she pretty?
no he misses someone, someone by the name of "read".
"As long as you don't make me smell Uranus!"
"I'm sorry Fry, but astronomers renamed Uranus in 2620 to end that stupid joke once and for all."
"Oh. What's it called now?" 
"Urectum"
198,000,000 * $1/12 = $16,500,000..That's only $16 and a half million dollars.  Not the billions that you somehow came up with.  Mom is certainly richer than that, especially after stealing Fry's $4.3 billion from his bank account..EDIT: just checked the wiki.  Used your posted numbers.  Your 198 million should be 198 billion.
Sigh. Left off three zeroes. Lost the internet..Although... $16 and a half million dollars = $500,016. Now, I'm sure you meant to say $16 and a half million. Or perhaps 16 and a half million dollars (neither of which are correct, as separating the two into numerals and word form denote separate values, not a unified sum). But who am I to nitpick a casual, mostly innocent mistake? You certainly didn't come into my post and... oh. I see. 
I just wanna say that this type of discussion is why I love this subreddit to pieces. I am so glad that I am not the only one that is such a devoted fan of this show that I think about shit like this. :D

upvote just for making me think....bastard.
It was anchovies, not sardines. .Also, this is the most interesting thing i will read today, this i know. 
An upvote: for doing math that is interesting, but that I would never do.
Interesting the writers and producers didn't do the math already considering several of them are mathematicians. 
It cost them slightly more than $1 a dozen to ship so they were running at a loss. They owe millions to Planet Express. 
I dunno. They pretty much get free fuel and can survive by eating popplers if they have to. .I like to think that Bender spent all of the money on a failed attempt to open his own amusement park on the Moon. With blackjack and hookers. 
I like this explanation. Also consistent with the fact that PE went out of business so many times.
Totally, the mere fact that Bender is quite devious would shed light on the possibility that he is running a long con or grift on PE.  He's always in to something.
Totally, the mere fact that Bender is quite devious would shed light on the possibility that he is running a long con or grift on PE.  He's always in to something.
Blackjack and hookers.
Double blackjack and even more hookers!
In fact, forget the blackjack.
Ahhh, screw the whole thing!
This made me blow more air out of my nose than usual.
I dont get it
MD=Medical Doctor.So we all know hes a shoddy doctor. So thats why the "
His doctorate is actually in art history.
[deleted]
I think the "m" looks like John F**KING ZOIDBERG! But I think hes a shady "doctor"
Thats why hes a shoddy doctor, and why the m is in quotes
is this from a newer episode? i don't recall seeing this before. it actually got a "heh" out of me.
 , "Tip of the Zoidberg"
I had that same thought. 
Ahhhh, I remember the good ol' days when I could watch Futurama AND Home Movies on Adult Swim like 5 nights a week.
I fell in love with Home Movies when it was on AS at like 3 in the morning.  I don't know if my sleeping schedule has ever been more messed up than that month
The worst was when it was on it four for a while.  Staying up till 330 is almost bearable.  430 you're talking serious disturbance to your sleep cycle.  Damn you AS!
What is going on in Mexico?
  .I think Home Movies has to be my favorite show of all time, so many excellent jokes hidden in odd little dialogue
We should be friends. :)."THE OLDDD MAAAANNNN!!!!!!"

My girlfriend claims that she can't watch Home Movies because of the way that they talk, but her favorite show is Gilmore Girls, which I can't watch because of the way that they talk. Should we break up?
I dunno I'm guilty of seeing every episode of Gilmore Girls multiple times and the way they talk in Home Movies is what I love most about it so maybe I shouldn't weigh in..
This, Archer, and Bob's Burgers have led me to feel that I want to be H Jon Benjamin.
Dont forget . if you want to go old school H Jon Benjamin
Oh I do. I very do.
Jon Benjamin has a van.
That show got me through some rough times. Nothing like ironic therapy.
both that costume and fry's outfit are based on james dean
Nope it is James Dean.  Common mistake.  Not sure who the guy in the red jacket is, maybe John Wayne.
James Dean as in the porn star or the guy that's been dead forever. Not to mention, what's so funny about this show? 
Fry was based off James Dean so it could go either way. 
[deleted]
If I recall correctly, Fry's design was based of James Dean from a particular movie role. 
FUCK KARMA
Coach McGuirk.
Exactly.
I was under the influence that Fry was modeled after Dean.
In the commentary for 'A Fishful of Dollars," they specifically say that Fry's outfit was Dean's from "Rebel"
cool beans
I think you mean "impression."
i think you mean downvote??
I was just trying to help a bit, bro:-/
The only help I need when I'm drinking is from my friend mary jane
Heh fair enough.
here let me bring you back up into the positives
fry is based on james dean in rebel without a cause 
Doctor who has no place here 
Remember that one scene in Mobius Dick where everyone comes out of the space whale? Pepperidge Farm remembers: 
In . the 4th Doctor turns up again. Maybe he's trying to find his 
The 9th doctor is very underrated in my opinion
Yeah, he's agreat doctor!

I'd wager money the writers had a long discussion about what the plural of "slinky" was. slinkies? slinky's? slinkys?
It's the cliched titles which make me hate ..
It's sad to see . becoming the content-less wasteland of screen caps and quotes that . is..There used to be good discussion here.
The reason is . does zero moderating and has no rules meaning this subreddit will just get worse and worse. I've message him a bunch of times but he's never responded.
I'm (relatively) new to reddit. Any way to become a mod? Thanks, and sorry for contributing to the crapstorm that is .'s little things.
I doubt you could become a mod on this subreddit because the only mod here never responds to messages. If you're interested in moderating other subreddits try and post frequently in one you would like to mod. Start small, maybe a sub with 500-1000 members. If you're a active member of the community it is likely people will notice you. You can PM mods asking if they need any help, maybe they'll let you. An easier option is to go to . and respond to requests although the subreddits you will get there are likely very small, >100 members.
Great interview and a sign of hope.  Online networks....
This very much so makes it sound like Netflix could pick it up... it all depends on ratings
Alas I don't live in the US so I cannot watch via Comedy Central.  They will however notice next year when their ratings dip without the show.  Really dumb move.
Yeah they are just an unintelligent network that won't spend money to make money
If I had the property I'd be selling it a lot better.
and actually the Sci-Fi network will pick up anything if it means ratings... Thus we have WWE Smackdown appearing on the Science-Fiction Network
Exactly and I've noticed they are starting to mention more heavily that they are pursuing other ventures.
Oh you know that Groening isn't done with this venture
We can only hope.
Well they probably aren't the worst network on television (MTV) 
True.
I started playing the mom store/ eyephone music in my head. 
Up. Left.
I don't get it. I came to the comments so I could get it, but I still don't get it. Is this my fault or the OPs? .Also could someone explain it to me? I'm daft I suppose. 
That's no moon!
20th century boys? Is there a new movie or something?

That area in the middle.. something something something.
Is this the scene from Resident Evil Afterlife?
Fun fact: the closing scene of Extinction (that sets the scene for Afterlife) shows a sign of the .. However, the kanji listed there (night, sky, snow, wind; think, ease/music, fire, moon, star) have nothing to do with either the Tokyo Metro or the (fictional) Zatoichi Square..3 seconds with google translate would've provided the correct kanji, probably less time than they needed to find some fake kanji to put on that sign. 
Blade Runner-esque
People are constantly posting pictures of Asian cities in ..
Top left. Picture. Looks like Mom. I think. 
Oh. Well if that's the joke, it isn't very funny. Maybe it's just me. 
You can always date these pictures so easily. Late 2008-January 2009
Jam a bastard in it, you crap!
This is in Shibuya, where Ridley Scott drew much of his inspiration for Blade Runner
For those curious, this is Shibuya Crossing located in Tokyo, Japan. Considered one of the busiest intersections in the world. 
Oh wow, I just realized that that's where the video game The World Ends with You takes place! Didn't know it was an actual place, cool!
Oh wow, I just realized that that's where the video game The World Ends with You takes place! Didn't know it was an actual place, cool!
Do you know what other . started in Japan?
Wouldn't have hurt to actually make the joke the center of the photo
Is that the old lady? It looks kind of like her I guess
I'm guessing that would have included the rest of the ad and killed the joke.
Yes, that, or he didn't take the picture himself. 
Hit the retaliate button
which one is the retaliate button?
Any button, THEY ALL RETALIATE!
Jam a bastard in it, you crap!
I think "Bite my steamy metal ass!" would have been a better title.
You have a good point - adding the word "ass" would've been much more dramatic. "Rust" still applies here though because the steam could potentially cause his ass to rust.  
Indeed! 
Zoidberg Cthulhu: "Tremble in fear and kneal before me or I will tear you a new nostril!!"
Frye: "Actually, I already have two nostrils..."
Zoidberg Cthulhu:"But miss, how do you choose which one to poop from?"
"Judging by my scales and long tongue, I'd say I'm a horse."
Hmmm...Could Doctor Zoidberg's 12th life cycle stage be the 12th Doctor in Dr. Who? 
Ah ha!  Now the rubber band is on the other claw!
It is amazing that the same judge shows up in so many episodes, ex: 31th Century Fox. 
Amazing? It's just continuity.
Quit badgering the witness .BADGER WHERE??!!?!?
The honorable Judge Whitey. ."Now my butler tells me that banks are where people store money that isn't properly invested"
she aint corn until u put her with a side of butter!
Being as I have a ham sandwich with mayonnaise waiting for me at my mansion, I declare the defendants guilty as charged. 
The insane asylum has been full ever since you declared being poor a mental illness.
"Order! Order! The only poor people I want to hear about are the people who tend to my pores at the spa."
Well, for one, they done hired me to represent them
Now here Pramala, I know it's scary in that there witness box but...BBBCAARRR
Can we not just post screencaps with quotes as the title. Let's not become 
We don't venture to that dark place. 
Ba-CAWWWK
Just out of curiosity, what would you prefer seeing? Text based discussions raising poignant issues? Because honestly, that would be great. .I've had so many thoughts and queries about Futurama, but no one ever seems to self post here; plus I worry if I ask a question, someone will just point me to 
Agreed. I would love to see the same thing, but I just don't know if the interest is there. Or if everyone like me just . the interest isn't there. 
Well, maybe we should start :D. from a few days ago is a pretty nice example (as far as self posts go); 700 upvotes, discusses a tidbit about the show and generated plenty of comments. Of course, the downside to that example is a lot of comments are lines from the series, off-topic or talking about Bea Arthur's other acting roles. But, I think it's a good sign that self posts . do well here..I'm definitely interested, if I can come up with any burning questions, I'll be sure to post them! Heck, we could even discuss episodes and do reviews. This could be really interesting if it starts getting applied.
You're under arrest for attempted epidermicide
And the other hamburger will also be made of your lung. 
You're not made of Tuesday!
You calling me craaaaa... zy? 
I need to practice my stabbing arm. HIYAA!
what episode is this? i don't remember! could there be a futurama i've not seen yet?!
It's one of the newer episodes. I'm not sure what specific one, but it's the one where Hermes gets robot body parts.
Not my ebony splendor!
For god sake woman, give him your skin! Can't you see he's crazy?

Naw, I was just here to case the joint, and rob it a little.
ooo thanks. i've seen it now you mention it, but I must have missed it off a re watching run 
I hate Roberto, he is a violent thug.
That's kinda the point, isn't it?
Hey Bender, you ever been stabbed with a sock? HIYAAA!!
Just cos there's a hotel in my foot don't make me a BOOGELY MOOGELY MOOGELY!!!!

One of the best moments in Futurama. 
Uhh 56... Ish?
56? 56?! Aw man, now that's all I can think about!
I'll kill you! You no good 56er!
[Bender squeals]
MTV Geek? Isn't that an oxymoron?
You called?
Spoiler Alert Asshole!
Gee thanks.  I thought it was common knowledge by now for the ending.  I'll fix the post.
For fuck's sake..*** . ***.I suffered for your gain.
Apparently this happens at the very beginning of the episode, and is only small plot element.
What do I look like, a guy who's not lazy?
In that case, thank you.
"just a few... more... hundred... thousand... feet... there."
Which episode is this?
Oh god, the feels I felt for Fry that day.
I love how he bothers to pull in enough so he gets the punctuation correct.
Too late hot plate.
Time keeps on slipping 
Thank you. :)
this is probably my favorite episode.
Am I the only one that was really happy they had a regular thing going in the last season? I was overly happy when they introduced a scene with them in Fry's bed. 
Nope. While I'm not incompetent I can relate to some of the things Fry does for love (at least for Leela) and how purely innocent and heart felt they are. So, living vicariously through a scenario where fry actually wins his love over can be rather nice. 
to off-set all the "it's the little things..."s
Goddamn I hat those titles.
: despite my making fun, I do totally agree
I Second That Emotion: Leela gets the opportunity to force her morals on another person, the only thing that ever makes her happy! One of the first truly petty fights between Bender and another character as well (Nibbler in this case)..Brannigan Begin Again: the first real view of Kif as a central character rather than a bit part. Midnight Cowboy parody is also great..A Head in the Polls: Nixon's first appearance. In the commentary you get to hear the writing cast's love for Headless Agnew. Also introduces the recurring topic of robot rights.
I'll contribute more to this later.
It needs to be a fucking good marathon, not just a good run.
End it on a high note. Look what happened to The Simpsons.
Episodes a week? You mean how many SEASONS do we watch a week, right?
This was difficult to read. 
sorry I have disjointed typing skills sometimes :(
Well you are a top Earthican then.
Hell of a thing sending another universe to certain doom. Lots of fun, though. Makes a man feel big.
The broadcast order is slightly different to the DVD release order.  Futurama has 7 official seasons, but 10 broadcast seasons.
See:

I thought it was because the movies are counted as a season and because the show didn't broadcast in its intended order due to being cancelled every other freaking weekend.
I really wish Netflix would use the production seasons  it's the only unambiguous ordering. There are only 7 seasons (4 on Fox, the DVD Movies then 2 on Comedy Central).
Season 6 is all movies
I was watching all the seasons over and when I got to season six, they all were hour+ long epeisode. Then I saw a title was beast with a billion backs and I remembered that eas a movie. So going off that, I say theybare all movies
The show was made differently than it was aired, thus creating production seasons and broadcast seasons. The four movies constitute the fifth production "season", with the two following seasons being six and seven. The tricky part is that seasons six and seven were broken up for broadcast, and made into seasons 6A, 6B, 7A, and 7B (which begins airing later this month). That makes nine broadcast seasons, while only being seven production seasons.
And to your lady friends, may I say, bam.
AW YEE, BAM IT AGAIN ELZAR
If anyone wants it as a wallpaper.  
Elzar makes me think of Trailer Park Boys, "BAM!" "Peanut Butter and JAM!" 
Wow, thank you, I really needed something like that today. My whole weeks been a nightmare, I've accumulated a large debt in just the past few days and lost a very personal item but this really brought a tear to my eye and warmth to my heart. So thank you HershelsZombieLeg, thank you.
If you promise to stop interrupting, alright. Against my will, I'm gonna knock it up another notch.
Hey, look at this crowd. You guys gotta try the pasta. It's got a real nice profit margin. Bam!
I remember this guy more than the chef who he's a parody of
i would appreciate it if you didn't bam the young lady.
spice things up a notch with my spice weasel 
I'd appreciate it if you didn't BAM the young lady.
well i'd appreciate it if i did. BAM!
"That'll be six dollars."
Hasta la vista meatbag!
-Bender
"Don't get too excited. It's got heart shaped nostrils. Wanna see it do a star?"
I spent a full minute loading this on EDGE since my 4G is down. Thanks. 
I think its in Leela's homeworld, or teenage mutant leela hurdles..
Either that or Overclockwise
yep, I think that's the one.
Funny thing is... She looks like the butt boil... But in all seriousness wow...
Yes, this exactly what the joke is about. It actually doesn't make much sense without that bit of context 
I just thought they were being silly, originally. 
Come one guys! Let's see if we can push this to the front page at least twice more today!
Not sure if this is the repost or the other 
If I were a millionaire, id buy this at any price and fix it up
MIND = BLOWN
Is there  boat or submarine docking on the other side?
Really OP? Not even 24 hours and you blantenttly repost this?
Planet Express HQ circa 1881, maybe.
Where is this?
Good news everybody.
nice repost with a new title
If anyone needs me I'll be in the angry dome.
HQ... i was expecting high quality... now i see that it was meant to be head quarter
Hope the Smell-O-Scope still works. 
If it was deserted a cool idea would be to start a Kickstarter to fund a project to do-up the place and make it some kind of Futurama museum, but in Belgium.
Showed . to my girlfriend:    
Your girlfriend has some real Freudian hang-ups.
Someone should buy this and fix it up
really? This is on the front page right now. At least TRY to be sneaky with your reposts....
bring him to . 
Or note the X-Post. 
I will buy this place when i win the lottery and create a package delivery service, i swear i will. 
And call it Awesome Express!
No. Planet express damn you. That mole grown into human qubert doesn't know how to deliver shit
although.. i want a newspaper cannon..
[deleted]
But you would be wrong,
. in Lige, Belgium..Did you look at the photo? 
I was afraid that would be the answer.
I don't know why people downvoted you for putting forth a very plausible possibility.  Upvote for your input.
Nope.

All it's missing is the angry dome.
What about the mandatorium?
And the accusation parlor!
The thinking dome?
When I'm a billionaire I'm totally building an estate with an angry dome and a accusing parlor.
Chamber of understanding would be built first, the rest of the house would be secondary.
I don't subscribe to . (where it was posted, apparently) so I appreciate it being reposted here. Apparently enough people in this subreddit do too because this post is on . front page.
im not one to usually comment on reposts, but this one hour after another guy and within 4 links on my front page, come on bro
I'm OP of this repost and I went on the original post and commented that I stole it. Atleast I'm not a liar
@least your pants aren't on fire. 
Liar liar plants for hire
While it is good to repost it here so that people who aren't subscribed to . can see it, he/she should have labeled it an x-post.
They should make one last movie, live action, using this as the actual place. 
Dibs on being Bender!
GOOD NEWS, EVERYONE! I'll be Professor Farnsworth!
Can I be hermes?
I will destroy you! 
I call being Fry!
Shut your Fry-hole!  I GET TO BE FRY!
I call it the Hawking hole.
I enjoyed reading these comments in Fry/Fry/Hawking Head voices respectively. 
What about your pal, Zoidberg! 
Da Sei Nay ahh!
Scruffy..The janitor.
Zoiiiiidberg
I AM LUURRRR! FROM THE PLANIT OMICRON PERSEI 8! BOW DOWN, PUNY LIFE FORMS!
What about me, Bender?
 
what is HDR?

Looks like an enlarged thumbnail that has been blurred out to hide the pixels.
thanks man
To shreds you say?
I got better....
Well, how's his wife holding up?
To shreds you say?
It's apparently the . in Lige, Belgium.
Curse you google for not having streetview in the street it's in.
At a closer look its a lot less planet express like.
Yes, the photo was carefully framed to hide the additional structures.
I'm belgian, if I have the time I would definitely go check this out.
You probably won't be able to. My GF lives one street away from it and she never had the chance to go in it. It's closed to public and just left to there to rot. It's a damn chame if you ask me, because the builder (which is way bigger than what's pictured here) is absolutely gorgeous. 
You should buy it. Then maybe start some sort of business in it. One where you transport cargo to found your research. 
Delivering cargo has nothing to do with the delivery business. It's all about image!
You are technically correct - the best kind of correct. 
yessir
neffew
Boilers and terlets.
Plus that one boilin terlit
Fire me if'n you dare.
Now excuse me! I have a buttocks to tattoo!
 .This one made me chuckle hard. 
 
Holy cannoli of guacamole, it's a doorknob!
He's behind you!
Robertoooooo!
What's with all the Roberto pareidolia. He's everywhere, Red...
Dafuq?
Very nice it, took me a while. I've got to practice my stabbin'.
Not my ebony splendor!
Ha-Haaa!
Why you runnin', Red?!
Subtle as fuck. 
Subtle as a knife in the small of your back.
The shadow and door knob combind look like 
No it doesnt
Holy crap, I didn't even notice!
lol, took me a second to see him.
I wrote a paper on that album last week. only if i could find a class which i could write a paper on futurama. 
Nice find.
And in the same scene, you see the Electric Light Orchestra's . Spaceship as well....
Man I love/have that album and I never picked that up! Good find!
This was the first vinyl I ever owned :).For those of you who don't know... 
Thought it was a play on "Boston Bomber" or something
Took me longer than I hoped to realize it is a spaceship that resembles a guitar..Boston Album Cover.
You can see the . in . as well..Not to mention the ship from . (I believe you can see the monolith too), . from ., the ., the . from Lost In Space, the . ., an Apollo Command/Service Module and Lander, the . from some of ., and the . from ...I love that scene. Those ones that are packed with references always make me feel so smart and special when I get them. And I'm sure I missed some of them still.
someone know spaceships pretty well, you should pay . a visit
You've got a couple links in the center mismatched, I think.
Ehh, . did most of the work.
Really nice!
Epilepsy Warning.
That's probably too slow?
THE CLAMPS!!!!!!!!!!
I was joking anyway. My fault; lame joke.
Or a clamp-like device
If there is any gif that needs downvotes being shot out, this is the one.
Let that be a warning to you. 
Did he sing show tunes?
I couldn't make a mug shot because the woman didn't stop at my.. stop! But it was him, looked exactly like him
I was in the group that signed the original petition to keep it going.  At this point Futurama is still great.  Sometime the hardest part is knowing that now is a good time to let go so it stays great.
It had a good run. Better it finishes in a good note than end in mediocrity or forced episodes much like the Simpsons. 
I honestly don't want Comedy Central to renew Futurama.  Don't get me wrong, I don't want the show cancelled!  I want another network where Futurama's humor will be more appreciated and not molded like it was at Comedy Central.
Everyone here is saying "Oh, it has potential" and "Oh, it's come back from being cancelled before! .First off, like the producers and writers and everyone has said, it's not being cancelled, it's ending. Honestly, it could've ended on a great note with "The Devil's Hands are Idle Playthings" or the final movie, but it kept going for the fans. The fact of the matter is that it's over. Sure, I liked the most recent installment of episodes as much as the next person, but those had a very different vibe going on. Not much of a real need for the episodes, just the writers showcasing what neat ideas tgey came up with. Which is nice, but not what the show called for with its past quality. .Secondly, the potential went out in the last movie, in my opinion. I find myself just watching seasons 1-5 and the movies while nixing most of the newer ones (save "The Late Philip J Fry". Loved that one!). Sure, there's an occasional episode that hits the nail on the head, but I've noticed (or not) a lot of episodes being unmemorable. .I just want you to ask yourselves this: do you want the show to continue so you won't have to give up your favorite characters and love for what you rember, or do you want the show to continue because you feel the writers haven't let all their creativity out into the show in the last 14 years, and what they still have left could make a better Futurama?
You can also contact Netflix by . This is more personal than simply sending an e-mail or using suggestionbox (imagine if all 18 000 people signing that petition had contacted Netflix directly). .Web developers can also embed the petition as a widget by clicking "get widget" on the . 
You can also embed a badge on your website with the source code found on 
I disagree, actually - Yes, Futurama is still great, but I still think it can keep up the good quality for a while longer. I don't think it's time to give it up just yet. In case it all runs into the ground, I still have the old episodes to watch, and nothing will change about them. .Still, what really makes Futurama great in my opinion isn't only its clever humor that we all love, but also its flexibility. Futurama has the ability to be funny and at the same time explore deeply explore characters and feelings while also delivering great stories with plenty of fantasy. I can't think of any other animated show with this combination. Neither Family Guy, American Dad, South Park or The Simpsons can do this. (Seth McFarlane's shows have absolutely no potential for character development at all.) That's what makes Futurama so special and unique, and I think it can keep being unique for quite a while longer. 
Agreed. I don't know how much more can be done to keep it fresh and original for years to come.
I hope the writers of the show are planning on starting something new after it's done. 
Above all else.  Buy the dvds and blu rays and merchandise.  The show deserves to be purchased.  It's just THAT good.
I do agree that Futurama is still great and it does have a great deal of flexibility which could keep it going good.  The issue I see is that if it gets run into the ground there is a good chance it can sour the series as a whole, how many times have you heard or thought "Ya this episode is good, but it is before season X".  And that last little bit means that those bad seasons did take something good away from the early seasons.  The other issue is you are asking very creative people from moving to a new project so they themselves may get burned out where as now they are able to say "This is the last season so we answer any questions, tie up the loose ends, and go out with a bang" and then can start a new project which may be just as captivating but also allows them as artist to stretch and grow.  Maybe 10 years down the line the creators say "Hey wanna do a Futurama Special and see what we can do now since we have grown?"..Now this may just be a temporary thing and they get picked back up but really I feel that after Futurama was canceled and came back after a while with the movies there was a renewal of energy and ideas which made the series stronger.  If it will keep going on I think those cycles down are needed to give everyone the renewed vigor but if you try to force it from going to those you come out with stuff that is just meh at best..I think the best course isn't to try keeping Futurama on but instead support those who are the creative team behind it and let them know how much we support them and how much we love Futurama so that they grow and may come back with it even stronger, we just have to wait a while.
Wow, people are cynical on this subreddit! People think too much about running stuff into the ground. Futurama has the potential to still be good for another couple of seasons, and if it had been picked up by Netflix I think that would be the case. It'd boost the series and the ratings would pick up because of the Internet-savvy nature of Futurama fans, this time including those who never had access to Comedy Central.
Actually, both Groening and Cohen have stated that they are looking for a new home for the series and that they are waiting for what the fans have to say. 
.I know Cohen also stated that "this is really the end, and I don't know why people don't understand that". However their optimistic comments are more recent than cohens "this is the end". 
Most shows lose their charm with age, but Futurama just kept getting more witty and clever with it's age. Dare I say it, I would prefer it over the Simpsons.
Me too. I couldn't care less for Comedy Central actually. Not having access to the channel means it's difficult to get hold of new episodes legally. Netflix would be ideal, at least for most people from outside the US. 
I've watched so much futurama on netflix that it's ridiculous
I'm watching it right as we speak
my wife falls asleep pretty quickly when she puts it on as she's played futurama for the past year before she goes to bed.  She has more lines memorized than me O_o
Netflix is just fantastic. Too bad a lot of their shows are unavailable outside the US, though. I live in Norway and I have to sneak my way in with a custom DNS service to access most shows. 
The media hint add-on for Firefox is great too. Fixes everything for you, no hassle. 



Well bender needs to pump the blood out of his basement someway.
Ironically for Bender, he's basically right.
Beast with a Billion Backs seems to get crapped on a lot by the fans, but i thought it was the most fun, biggest, most interesting concept in the movies.
The beast had a billion nick nacks?
Dammit.
I thought it was Bender J Rodriguez?

Nope, Bender Bending Rodriguez. Phillip J. Fry.
i'm pretty sure in one of the comics they say Bender's name is Bender J Rodriguez. Too bad all my comics have taken a hiding over time, now I can't go back and read through them and find out if I'm just confused or they really did name him that.
Ah well I can't say I've read the comics, just an avid watcher of the show.
read the same couple of comics many times, cover to cover, taking in every little detail (I read them on the toilet, good times). I think the only surviving one in the house might be #26 or #27 but it's under a pile of travel guides, MAD and TIME magazines.
Perhaps the comics are different, but I doubt it. It is 100% Bender Bending Rodriguez in the show (watch the episode where Bender starts robot wrestling, I'm pretty sure it's mentioned there). What would the "J" even stand for? 
Jay

Oh my god I'm dyinnng that's hilarious
tl;dr The Kids name is Conrad Farnsworth, and he got kicked out of high school for building a nuclear reactor in his garage.
When you do things right, people won't be sure you've done anything at all.
I'm gonna spend eternity alone with barely any swag!
Stuff We All Get
You bastard ! I've always thought I should visit Spain, now it is imperative.
B-E-N-D-E-R! Beeeeeeeender! I said B-..
That's pretty amazing! Think of the time that would have taken to paint! Really impressive stuff!
I randomly found this bar when I was exploring the city. Unfortunately today is Sunday so it was closed. I'll definitely have to go back this week to find out if the inside is also Futurama themed (I really hope so)
Saw this on his Facebook, didn't realize it was Leela :D
George must like dem titties!! Oh, wait...
Odd place to have him sign. 
Ohh my...
Takei takes no pleasure in signing a boob.
I read this in the voice of George Takei, talking from a jar.

So what are you buying on eBay?
Doesn't matter had sex!
I'm gonna be that guy: It's death by snoo-snoo. 
As someone who doesn't watch futurama and doesn't want to get a google result full of what will probably be gory porn, can I have a safer explanation?
3 of the male protagonists are held hostage on a planet with only giant female cavemen. A fembot there decides what to do. In the end, it decides that the captives should die from "snu snu "
Giant Amazons, not cave women. 
haven't watched it in a while :/
[deleted]
I don't think you got it.
:).:(.:).:(.:)
:D.D:.:D.D:.:D
never happend
Thanks for showing us your taskbar, it's kind of like the underpants of iPhone screenshots...you like ebay... eerrrhm...
Aaaahhh... Oh wait yeeeaahh! Wait,  noooo .... I mean Yesss. 
Fry-"Yeaaa!".Zap-"Alright!".Kiff-"uuuuhhhhhh".Zap-"What are you?, Gay?"
I would ask if she followed through, but you would be dead. 
You are in for a good night!
An exquisite galaxy?
he'd just get outbid by the being of unspeakable horror
Will a money order be OK?
eBay ?? 
Guy is a spender, bro. Don't mess with him. (might be a seller though.)
I think you have your open app things up so we don't see something above death by snu snu..... :|
Actually was mobile and just did a double click home page to block my girlfriends name :P
IT'S CALLED MULTITASKING. THAT IS APPLE'S NAME FOR THAT FEATURE. WHY DOES NOONE SEEM TO KNOW THIS
If you go to your photo and click edit in the top right, a crop button will appear in the bottom right so you can leave only what you want us to see.
Amazing! Nothing gets past you!
Well I just made out with that radiator girl from the radiator planet
Fry... that's a radiator
The spirit is willing, but the flesh is soft and spongy.
spongy and bruised *
:) :( :) :( :) :(
:D D: :D D: :D D: :D D:
That's actually a pretty clever way to disguise other texts.
If you've setup your gmail account with the mail app try the gmail app for iOS! Much better...!
What's going on there, anyway? 
On IPhone, if you double tap the home button, it brings up a list of your recently used apps, which moves the rest of the screen up or possibly off the screen. He's using it here to show only the relevant text messages and hide her name.
While there have been more irrelevant replies in the past, I'm currently failing to remember any. 
It was more to block my girlfriend's name
Or just crop it.
But then he wouldn't be getting complimented by a random stranger on the internet for his clever ideas.
Tiffany? Is it a Tiffany? What about Janet? Sasha? How close am I right now? 
I never thought I'd die this way, but I'd always really hoped. 
.
How did he die? 
His hips broke!
I'm so confused, they make animated Jpegs now?
Thanks, 1999!
It's a .gif, imgur just doesn't care what the URL says the image filename extension is.  . 
Really? I've gotta try this:.Edit: damn. 
Probably only works in Latvia.
Two latvian look at clouds. One see potato. Other see impossible dream. Is same cloud.

No. It's not the same. It doesn't say potato when you drag your mouse over it.
When I saw the potato, I cracked up so hard.


Or better yet, 

As soon as I saw the thumbnail, I knew there was going to be dubstep.
the spirit is willing but the flesh is spongy and bruised!
Clearly, that should've been OP's response. 
clearly.
This makes so much more sense now that I saw that article.

Don't forget your potatoes. Russia love potato.
Not true. Russia has, however, been under the heel of the potato empire for a great deal of history, and as such, potatoes are quite commonplace over there. The potato empire is viewed unfavourably by the majority of the Russian people, and I am doing my best to defeat the potato empire and liberate Russia.
I'm back baby!
Obligatory:  that's what she said
Not obligatory.
I've got a mammoth sausage myself.
Phrasing 

I don't think I'm supposed to tell you...unless you're a hot chick...
Mother!
I personally think that Bea Arthur's best work was in Star Wars, but she did well in Golden Girls too
"The spirit is willing, but the flesh is spongy and bruised."
LA FEMPUTADORA NO FEMPUTA
I had no idea, but its true. From Wookiepedia, "In 1978, Arthur was invited to appear on The Star Wars Holiday Special, a Christmas-themed variety show set in the Star Wars universe that was attempting to capitalize off of the success of the wildly popular film of the previous year, Star Wars. Arthur portrayed Ackmena, a gruff bartender at the Mos Eisley Cantina whose rowdy patrons refused to obey a planet-wide curfew imposed by the Galactic Empire. Ackmena resorted to singing the song "Goodnight, But Not Goodbye," which caused them to waltz out the door."
When that Futurama episode first aired I was like "I know that voice... is that .?" 
No shit.
Wait, I thought everyone knew this. I'm 17 and I knew this
congrats. 
Whenever I think of Bea Arthur I think of the movie Airheads when the guys accidentally take over a radio station and are trying to come up with a list of ridiculous demands and one of them is naked pictures of Bea Arthur. I recognized her voice instantly in Amazon Women In The Mood.
Football helmets filled with cottage cheese!
"Bea Arthur... outstanding!"
Kinda blew my mind. I always thought the voice was so familiar. My wife is a Golden Girls addict so I hear her voice almost daily and only now I make the connection.
I can never look at Bea Arthur the same way after watching the Star Wars Holiday Special.
In a good way?
...Do you know what the Star Wars Holiday Special is?.Bea Arthur was, admittedly, the best part of the whole thing. But still. Heaven help us.
I haven't seen it, but it's downloading as I speak. I love her and I'm excited to watch!
I...I feel like I've committed some terrible sin. Like you've asked if there's more Bea Arthur, and I pointed towards where I knew she was, but neglected to tell you that the path also includes a mild romp through a few crazy circles of hell..Be warned, traveler. It's a weird world you're about to enter.
Bah, no worries, I've heard of it before. Plus my SO's a big Star Wars fan so this should be interesting. Thanks!
"...my SO's a big Star Wars fan...".Yep. This won't help with that bit. Promise..Fun fact: the SWHS is where Boba Fett originated.
Even more interesting! At least good for a one time watch. Knowing me, it'll probably become a favorite.
Yeah, I've actually seen it a number of times. It's absolutely horrendous, but in the best ways, sort of..I mean, just wait till you hit the Wookie porn. You'll be glad there aren't subtitles (though you'll be wishing for those earlier).
Now I've heard of everything lol. This will be a night to remember.

I thought it was Sally Jesse Raphael.
fun fact, Sally Jesse Raphael was Phil Donahue in drag.
 shit does not fempute.  If you need to be . to watch Golden Girls, I will come to your house and hit you on the head for being so foolish.  Now if you'll excuse me, I'm going to cry because there is only one left, and I will never have sex with her.  Don't you judge me.
I will femunicate your manformation.
Maude
Maaauuuuuude
Golden Girls is one of the best shows ever. 
Bea Arthur was a former Marine too.
Didn't know that either. From Wikipedia,"During World War II, she served in the United States Marine Corps, though she later denied it."
(. with more information]
Golden girls was written by Joss Whedon's dad. Fun fact.
Thank you for being a friend...
Travel down the road and back again...
Your heart is true. You're a pal and a confidant.
And if you threw a party,
And invited everyone you kneeewww
...invited everyone you knew
You would see the biggest gift would be from me
and the card attached would say...
Thank you for being a friend!
Hot damn, Bea Arthur was hot as a younger woman. As an older woman she was still pretty sexy. I love the Golden Girls, I'm a 25-year-old white male, the Golden Girls transcend age and race. RIP girls.
betty is still kicking!
I know! I hope she kicks for a long time. She seems like the nicest, sweetest woman you could ever meet. It's almost a shame that only now does she seem like she's everywhere. Or it's because of the technology that wasn't around for most of her career she can be seen more places. 
betty sold the souls of the other golden girls for eternal life.
A straight guy who likes Golden Girls!? I think I'm in love.
Well then...how . doing?
Jokes on you..He's gay and has the sort of complex where he only wants what he can't have.
She know what do.
It seem like different kind of leader. Not beltway insider.
Good fundamentals.
That more fun to watch. 
aaaaaaaahahahahaha
You've got to listen to the commentary on that episode.  Totally worth it.
Yes, they talk about how easily Bea Arthur got into character and didn't even question the bizarre dialogue, and how awkward/embarrassed John DiMaggio felt during the "love scene." Billy West is in love with the way she says "Whyyy?" And all the other commentary goodness. (Shatner stories!).The Futurama commentaries are seriously the best I've ever listened to. I re-watch the episodes with the commentary on the majority of the time. Sometimes, they're funnier than the episode itself. 
The commentary on nearly every episode makes owning the DVD's from the Fox era totally worth it.
I'm a simpsons DVD collector, and have been seriously considering the $39.99 for the Futuama DVD collections. especially now that they are cancelled. Thanks for the info. I love those commentaries they give info that nobody else would know unless they listened to it. 
Cancelled? theres a new season in like 2 weeks
.Edit: Bracket at the end of the link wouldn't work with reddit formatting
Use \ to allow .. like this with no spaces..\ (season_7\ )
The spaces were unnecessary: \(season 7\).Backslash is an escape character for a backslash too.
You rule
That will be the last season.  :(
yeah i guess that is true :(
Futurama being canceled and this being the last season are not the same thing.
Yeah they could just turn around and make a couple movies like they did for bender's big score and the others.
Do it.  So worth it.
Seconded. Worth every penny.
"What?!? Did you explain how the women's good fundamentals make up for their inability to dunk?!?!".My favourite line in the show.
Translation: Bo-ring. Aaaahahahaha-SMASH
"this women's only planet is sounding better and better." "Im already looking for apartments."
I occasionally direct a show about women's basketball and find myself . murmuring, "We no can dunk, but good fundamentals."
THE MEN MUST DIE!
"Death to men. Death by snu snu."
Kiff- "Ahhh"
Zapp- "what are you, gay?"

My favorite line:."The number you are dialing has crashed into a planet. Please make a note of it."
Zapp: Oh god, youre killing me.(gets hit multiple times).Zapp: Ow! God, youre killing me. .-My favorite line. 

My favorite line is when Bender said,  "Oh, your God!" .I'm sad they never used it again. 
I love the fact when they show the skeletons of the last men killed by snu snu, two of the skeletons are high fiving while one is smoking a cig kicked back and chillin.
And all of them have crushed pelvises.
Golden girls...Futurama...black guy...this post is just asking for my upvote
I was smiling, wondering if it was somewhat racist that I so easily believed a black dude my same age never watched an episode of Golden Girls. That show was rerun like fucking crazy, and I never did it on purpose, but I still watched a bunch of episodes here and there.
Have you any idea how it feels to be a Fembot living in a Manbot's Manputer's world?
What?
down votes? for a relevant username and the correct next line from the show? the hell, reddit?
welcome to reddit, where we eat our own even when they post completely relevant, accurate quotes
Charlie Chaplin got 5th place in a Charlie Chaplin lookalike contest.
Actually, some people just really hate usernames being "relevant" and some people don't like comments leading in a predictable fashion, and some people are just dicks...
Hooray for dicks! If not for them, we'd all have way too much.karma!
"If that shit was a stock, it would be . right now."
If not for dicks, none of us would be here.
Truer words were never spoken.
I didn't downvote him, but he should have used quotes.
What?

I really like that scene. Must've been a pain to animate :P
i want to see the story board and how it looks with just pencil drawings.
Gyroscopes engaged!
there were 2 bums in the 30% iron cook episode ..maybe ur thinking of that?.or theres tinny tim from Bender got made.
His name is Gus I think, if not then the Xmas story episode or the episode that bender becomes a chef and faces elzar is your best bet. 
But its "Inspector #5" not assembler :(
Not the type of bar I was thinking of.
I wont ever be mad at a futurama repost. 
I would assume most of the jokes were aimed at adults. The show being aimed at adults.
The earlier seasons were aimed at adult/teenagers
A demographic that certainly wouldn't enjoy a masturbation joke ._.
Who, teenagers? Are you kidding?
Yes you are. Next step is to make the planet express ship...maybe out of meringue lol
You forgot the railing on the sphere.
but it looks very good.
Nibbler ate it. I'll be back soon with another.
Your cake is bad and you should feel bad!.-Bender
Zoidberg*
Amazing! One last thing though, you forgot the 
AAAAH
Why no angry dome on model I based it off of?

Wow, that Bender looks so life-life.  Well, cartoon-life-like.  Whatever.
Yeah, Bender is great!
Karmawhoring?  Yes..
Being a decent human being?  No.
If everyone made a planet express gingerbread house, the world would be a better place.
You're supposed to forget building your own Planet Express and just go for the blackjack and hookers.
A Pharaoh to Remember, Jurassic Bark, The Problem With Popplers, Lethal Inspection and Godfellas
Fry and the Slurm Factory
Roswell That Ends Well
That's Lobstertainment!
Roswell That Ends Well, The Deep South, Anthology of Interest 1 and 2, and last but not least episode 1: Space Pilot 3000. 
Parasites lost;
Amazon women in the mood;
The late Philip j fry;
A clockwork origin;
Mars university
The devils hands are idle playthings should be on everyone's list somewhere. The episode won, or was nominated for, awards man. 
Jurassic Bark.The Late Phillip J. Fry.Parasites Lost.Roswell That Ends Well.Fry and the Slurm Factory
Commas motherfucker, have you head of them?
Iv tailed of them but never head of them
My favorite is All The Presidents' Heads.
The Sting, 
Godfellas, 
The Late Phillip J. Fry, 
A Big Piece of Garbage, 
Bendin' in the Wind. 
My Three Suns, Roswell That Ends Well, Less Than Hero, 300 Big Ones, Parasites Lost
2-5. Any other episodes in this thread.I love the .Harooooo.
That last line is so hilariously funny
My number one is "Less Than Hero". After that I have no clue. 
Mine Are:
1. 300 Big Ones
2.The Farnsworth Paradox
3. This Series Has Landed
4. Overclockwised
5. Benderama
Love the episode 300 big ones
Parabox
you should read the comic books there is several that play like that episode with everyone having individual plots but coming together at the end.
The Luck of the Fryrish is the episode that really made me realize how much deep substance there is to Futurama.  But I gotta say I think Future Stock is highly underrated seeing as how no one has named it. I quote that episode weekly. 
Futurestock, The Devils Hands are Idle Playthings, My Three Suns, How Hermes Requisitioned His Groove Back, The Late Philip J Fry. 
awesome.  awesome to the max.
Also the Why of Fry. 
The Late Philip J. Fry, Overclockwise, Time Keeps on Slippin', The Devil's Hands are Idle Playthings, and Fun on a Bun would be my top 5 and probably in that order from 1-5.
Probably forgetting some but off the top of my head: Insane in the Mainframe, A Head in the Polls, Luck of the Fryrish, the Devil's Hands are Idle Playthings, and Bender Gets Made.
Parasites Lost, 
Spanish Fry, 
Roswell That Ends Well, 
The Sting, 
and most recently, Viva Mars Vegas
This . with summaries might help.
Agree, perhaps just one sentence to remind us what happens. .A pharaoh to remember is one of my faves.
The Late Phillip J. Fry, hands down 
this episode is mindblowing
By far the greatest Futurama episode of all time
And all of the times.
You just filled a small gap in my life. Thanks!
My pleasure! :D
Attention all Futurama officials! Do this!!
DUDE! I was thinking the same thing! Sometime towards the end I hope. After the wedding I think would be best.
Oh look, another Anti-Xbox-One circlejerk..Am I too late to get on the "I-hate-this-console-based-on-unfounded-rumors-with-no-actual-information-when-it-isn't-even-released karma train?"
Oh come on.  Mom's system isn't that restrictive.
First time trying and beat him.  There is a reason to watch old horrible animated movies.  BTW I won with Darkwolf from the movie "Fire and Ice"
I won against him with Agent John Doggett and Edmund Blackadder, but then the bastard figured it out after continuing.
I beat him with Ron Jeremy
For reference, . is a mynock, Not that it would help most of you understand even still..It . help if I explain it as those creepy things that started attacking luke, han, and leia when they were in the cave that was really a space slug. (No, that wasn't really a worm, it's technically a slug.)
He has guessed Ignar, Lars, and Hedonism bot... you can't beat this thing!
First time trying out this one. It's not very smart... it asked me for the character's gender 3 times in 3 different ways. It also asked me if it was from a show on Nickelodeon 3-4 times.
I'm guessing akinator is like ask Pete 
He could guess kiffs parents
You think of a character or person from anything, and it asks you a bunch of questions and guesses what you thought of.You win when it asks you who you were thinking of, so the best characters to think of are the real obscure ones
I don't know why people are so impressed by a bot that can work out things correctly.
Ah yeah, he takes a couple if guesses..You only win when he can't figure it out and has to ask who you were thinking of. I thought of Luthor Stickell from the Mission Impossible series of films and eventually won
Classic video game characters seem to stump him..Any race that is not Spathi or Kzer-Za from Star Control II..Amazingly I got him on Garland from Final Fantasy IX even though he is in the system.
How about one of the bunch of broken robots when bender went to play with beck?
I think the algorithm has to assume you will answer incorrectly from time to time.
I am Bender. Please insert girder.
Anyone's actually bought this? How's the quality?
well, if you want to get technical, then here goes: vet did say that "I might be a bit woozy from a gazelle kick earlier, but if he's anything like the common tree they might indicate how old he is" . so he never stated it as a fact, only stated that trees indicate age by rings, not that nippler would :P call it an educated guess :P... 
Maybe years on Nibbler's home planet are very different to a year on Earth...but never really thought about that until you brought it up.
Isn't their civilization on the edge of the universe...or is that me misremembering.
Niblonians do live long and are celebrated poopers. 
Live long and poop hard?
No one asks zoidberg noo you go with your fancy doctors with a real degree. 
That's believing that the number of rings in his teeth is an accurate measure of his age. 
Maybe that gazelle kick did more damage than the vet thought, and Fry was really correct about how many rings there were.  Or maybe teeth rings aren't indicative of age in Niblonians.
He didn't say he was 17 during the big bang, but that his race was..The bigger problem here, and one with a little more evidence, is that Nibbler at that time was already over a thousand years old, since he was there when Fry got frozen..It is, however, a good point that the rings may not actually count his age.
Yes the doctor wasn't exactly sure he said "if he's anything like the common tree it might indicate his age"
what about snoo snoo? Ooh
Do they also have their own basketball league? 
 and .plus after some google-fu I've found images uploaded to . with Fry in them over a year ago..Cartman did have his own appearance in . (Bender's Big Score if you are wondering).After all of this I think it was just a little nod to the newbies at the time. Took the Futurama team a while to nod back though
A few seconds later, the next shot of them, he's gone. 
Even though this was in the original airing, it would have been great if the Futurama crew tried to explain this somehow.
Ah, I just thought maybe because of the ad blitz for the last season they'd go all out and start putting futurama stuff in everything!!
This episode is from originally from 2000, well before Comedy Central picked up Futurama. It's most likely just a homage/cameo.
No, I'm saying they probably digitally inserted him in for this airing because the premiere is coming up. 
No, he appeared in the original airing years ago.
plus Comedy central has extremely little influence on what happens in the show.
Yeah, some films too. I just bought Rebel Without a Cause on BluRay and they digitally enhanced James Dean's outfit to match Fry's.
Haha, well I may not know South Park too well, but I at least know they did model Fry's look after that movie.
Futurama: The Second Final Season
NOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The most final season yet.
The most final season yet, so far...
They can "BITE MY SHINY METAL ASS!"
Sad face.
Better than nothing at all
A Pittsburgh man.  Fuck it, have an upvote.
Now you can reddit and watch futurama at the same time, it's a dream come true!
This makes me happy <3
Thank you for this.
Don't you worry about:newtab, let me worry about:blank.
That's because you're a shark.
save the image to your computer, and use a firefox/chrome extension like Stylish to make that image the background of your blank tab pages.
Can never be unseen.
I got a good chuckle from this.

Well, I actually tought it was an easter egg referencing Futurama.After all google is known to have plenty of humoristic easter eggs ("He's dead Jim" when Chrome crashes, "A team of genius monkey are working on solving this problem" when Youtube crashed 2 or 3 years ago, etc)
This is my 2nd favourite episode after "Less Than a Hero".."Second".
Considering many don't even use about:blank and even if you did, maybe once or twice. .I'll give you the benefit of the doubt, I'm just a skeptical person.
Well that's now permanently in my brain. My only regret is that there's nothing about bonitis.
This image has become so much reposted that I knew exactly what it would be before I even finished reading the title.
I hear Blank is getting married
I have lost count of how many times this has been pointed out.
My only regret is..... My Bonitis!
I get the about:blank page in Chrome when I don't have connection on my home network and open a new tab. .I'm always messing around with router settings, port forwarding, etc. so I see this a lot.
Alright, sorry. I just assumed you had seen it. Upvoted!
No apologies required! Thanks for the upvote! Honestly I didn't know that thread about "about:blank" existed until you linked it. o.O.Interesting read though.
Speaking of easter eggs.  If you have the . in C:\Windows\System32 and type "about:internets" in Chrome, you'll find an actual easter egg.
 I'm the one who told you where to post this :D
Yes! And thanks for that!
Hmm, some people must use it. I use it as my home page for instant loady goodness, and I'm fairly sure I picked that up from someone else.
Thanks everyone for the upvotes, support and great comments. I broke my own rule and didn't look to see if this was a repost before posting, my apologies. This is an awesome subreddit, glad I stopped lurking. :)
Actually, about:blank existed (I believe) before Futurama, in early versions of Internet Explorer. However, there is such an easter egg in Firefox - enter "about:robots" into the address line.
Brilliant!
Excuse me, which is the one people like to hug?
Gutsy question...you're a shark
about:blank was in early versions of Netscape Navigator, which was released in 1994. (I'm not sure if 1.0 had about:blank, but it was there pretty early on -- I remember setting it as my homepage in the mid to late 90's.).The episode of Futurama with "don't worry about blank" (Future Stock) is from 2002..So it's pretty unlikely that the browser version is a Futurama reference. (Though who knows, maybe one of the Futurama writers used to work for Netscape and was saving this joke for years...)
This is seriously posted here all the time, along with the checkbox next to your password saying "REMEMBER ME"
I've actually never seen this posted before. I completely expected it to more "Remember Me" B.S.
Awesome, awesome to the max.
You know, that dance wasn't as safe as they said it was.
I'm proud to be the shepherd of this herd of sharks.
Awesome, awesome to the max.

I was so busy being an 80's guy, I forgot to cure my boneitis!
"My only regret is that I have... Boneitis."
Well, thanks for that. Now I can't unthink of it!
YOU WATCHED IT, YOU CAN'T UNWATCH IT! stay tuned for the next TALES OF INTEREST! 
I really wish they would do just one more of these. I loved human bender! "Yeah, but now it's bad for me!"
WOOOO... Woooo... wooooooo

Love it. Totally forgot about that scene.
Blank?  BLANK?!  You're not looking at the big picture!
Awesome. Awesome to the max.
My only regret was....
that I have boneitis
Next up Steve wilkos meets bender. 
A little bender says the same line in "Benderama" when bender duplicates himself billions of times...
Y brother and I always argue like this
Don't let their identical DNA fool you. They have very radical point of view in key matters.
Glad someone else caught it.
Hope you get the word spread..We must spread the word to the masses!
Super excited to see another children episode, a la the one where they have to find the fountain of aging. 
I know this isn't it, but I want them to do a Romeo/Juliet special. Maybe full-length; as another movie? Or just a special little episode. That'd be cute :)
 Can't wait.
wh-what? I thought it got cancelled?
Bad news everyone! The professor isn't in this picture!
Isn't it also missing someone else?  What was his name... Zoid-something... Zoidstein?.Eh, who cares.
This is their last season on CC. They aren't renewing it after that.
:D D:
well that is touchingly pathetic.
I love you man!
BFF's!
These look very tasty. I bet some bits of bacon inside with the apricots would be fabulous. I'm gonna try this.
I approve! .P.S. If you're not worried about making them vegan, substitute warm milk (110 degrees, like warm bathwater) for the warm water and roll them in melted butter before rolling them in sugar. Om nom. 
mmmmmmm. even tastier!
Hermes is the Greek messenger god. Maybe they named their service after him?
Nope, had to be Conrad.
That or OP just added the contact, deleting the normal name and inserted Hermes. 
i hope donovan sang you atlantis 
I never noticed the boats before.
"Oh, you speak fish? lululululu."
I just made this my background.
text posts are just fine for this sort of thing.
I love that part of the ep. Searched Youtube for the clip but couldn't see it :(
Hmm, sound like the rich and the poor ;0.
One of my favorite quotes.
My new wallpaper. Thanks!
Are we even trying to pick good background images now? 
Some one needs to make this into a 1920*1080 wallpaper
I would love this but with another backgroud, like a nice landscape or something like that; if it didn't show Fry people would be even more confused. 
This cracks me up ever single time. Never fails.
Just finished watching . minutes ago!
What episode is this from?
My Three Suns - Season 1, episode 7
Cool. Thanks!!
It's those last two lines that always do it for me.
This was my senior quote back in the day :D
This story spoke to my friend so much he put it in the acknowledgements of his Ph.D. thesis. He defended and passed this last Thursday.
If this is true, I'd love to see a copy of it.
I have no idea how I would go about finding a copy or anything. But the title of it is "From Synthesis to Piezoelectric Studies of Central-Ring-Substituted Bend-Core Liquid Crystals and Their Composites". If I can get the acknowledgement I'd be happy to post it. But it might take me a while.
Mathematics of Wonton Burrito Meals - got it!

"Now go. Go gather your nuts, you.. nagging grasshopper."
So, I've been re-watching The Muppet Show...

Love it. 
well damn. 
I remember reading in a popsci magazine years ago that 3d printers were being tested to grow organs.  It's not quite growing arms in a vat, but it's close...
What about the direct link of Futurama's Bachelor Chow and this guy: [.]
No mention of the plan to colonize Mars?
I have just recently discovered I love anchovies, time to stock up I guess.
oh noes , the anchovies . I fooled myself thinking "meeeh that would never happen , it's so wacky". But after reading that I'm superworried. I'm going to buy 30 cans first thing tomorrow.
Clearly the writers don't know how to use Google.  The 3rd T is for ..
I expected moms friendly eyephone to be Google Glass.
It's..... it's all one one page .... it's beutiful.
Honestly, the first time I saw this I almost fell out of my chair I was laughing so hard... Still cracks me up =p
They see me rollin, they hatin.
Which episode is this?
Links or it didn't happen.
Someone should compile them....NOW
In a very loose sense of what a movie is, yes.
mirror?
tear 
Fuckin States "This shit is not available way out in fuckyouville"
Not available to watch outside the US, anyone mind rehosting?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!
Its gonna be Fun on a Bun!
Day after my birthday, best present I could ask for!
Hallelujah!
[deleted]
THE SHOW THAT JUST WONT DIE
I hope it will also be on the Comedy Network in Canada on June 19th.
Oh man, my boyfriend is here visiting then. The first show we ever watched together and that sort of started bringing us together as friends was Futurama, the end (or at least temporary end before a big delay) of the season in the fall. Too excited about being able to watch the first new episodes with him.
GREATEST NEWS THIS YEAR!
better be good, last season sucked
yarr
is still the same season... is just back from mid-season break.
Its the day after my birthday too! 
Birthday buddies!
Birthday buddies for life! Haha
It is going to be cancelled after the end of this last season.
It's the day of my Birthday!
Same!!  Best birthday present.
Not sure if you found a mirror, but you could always use . instead.
I have not, but naturally I'm extremely weary of any service that says absolutely nothing about what it does on the home page where it's asking you to install their software.
Basically, it allows you to watch things that are banned in your country. It works with Netflix, Pandora, BBC iPlayer and others.
tell that to south park and the simpsons...although both are fucking awsome.!
Watch out, you're not allowed to say you like new Simpsons on Reddit...even though the last two seasons have been fucking golden.
havent even seen simpsons since like 2000 homie, were good!
now kiss
It's gonna be fun on a bun.
Shut up,  I said it first!
Deleting outdated catchphrases...
FUCK YEAH!.I love Futurama :).It's sad that they don't want to translate the last seasons to German, but I guess I just have to watch it in English.
You should have been watching them in English the whole time. Dubbed cartoons totally ruin them, just watch with subtitles x_x
I watched Futurama in German and in English and the German dub was really good (doesn't happend quite often).
Bender and Zoidberg have such a strange sound to them in German. Everyone else is top notch, helps me retain some of my language skills. 
It clearly depends on your personal taste if you like the German voices. 
I have also seen most episodes in English and in German TV and I can tell you, there are a lot of contentual mistakes in the translation which means a lot of lost jokes. I would go as far as saying that about 40 % of the original meaning of sentences is lost in the German translation. .I sometimes like watching a German episode, though. It's kind of nostalgic because that's how I started out with this series. 
God, I can't even imagine the show without Billy West (voices: everyone) and John DiMaggio (Bender)..Both of them are so iconic.
I don't think I can handle another Seymour episode... ;-(
I was like mother of god another seymour episdoe
Hey Comedy Central; fuck you
someone needs some snoo snoo
The beginning of the end. 
Looks like there needs to be a new batch of Torgo's Executive Powder
I was very pleased the show returned and I got the little Fox exec jab at the time but I've gotta say the Torgo thing felt a bit forced. Is it really considered a hilarious thing by everyone else?  
It's good to hear from the soylent majority - I mean, . majority. 
Comedy Central is why we got a few more seasons of Futurama.
When did this happen? I thought it was cancelled?
It will no longer be continued after this season. But It would have never even hit a 5th season if it weren't for Comedy Central.
Looks like Gunter became a business monkey after all.
NOOOOOOO!!!!
He heads Comedy Central.
Does anyone know if this is just a new episode? I thought it had been cancelled? I AM CONFUSED AND POSSIBLY STUPID.
Same boat as you. I'm gonna guess they announced they wouldn't be renewing the show as they were working on the last season.... ?
Correct.  They announced that after this last set of episodes they would not renew it.
I think it's the last season. This is a trailer for that season.
Aw. I don't have cable so forgive my ignorance.
Why does this have to be the last season? The simpsons are still going, why not futurama?
The season is split in two halves. The first half was this fall. The second half is this summer. 
Are they copying AMC now?
More like BBC America. "Hey let's have two different parts to Doctor Who for economic magical reasons!".EDIT: Guess I must have hit a nerve or something. I'll remember to leave my opinions at home next time.
Oh man, saying anything negative about Dr. Who on Reddit is tantamount to sacrilege. .Personally, I could care less, but the majority of the kids here get their panties in a twist pretty easily over that.
Let's make everybody wait for thousand years for the next series part..genius.
That's the thing, it wasn't even anything negative about the show. Just "Oh, they split the season." The only thing I can figure is people aren't fans of BBC America.
I think the last one was split up to hide the fact that they're making two episodes in 2013.
That's what they've been doing on the real BBC for a few years now, it's really annoying.
And then wonder why interest is down? Well genius we just forgot the show still on the air!
just like the regular BBC?
Pretty much every channel does that now.
And some channels, too.
Incidentally, waterways do tend to split.
Also bread can be split into halves
They must have found my secret PIN number. 1077.
Weird. For some reason I thought it was 1066. The joke being that it's an important historical date, but Fry remembers it as the price of his order..Sometimes I give Futurama too much credit (though usually, not enough credit).
WOAH LOOK AT THIS GUY, HE NEEDS CONDOMS
You might be surprised . is inspired by star trek.  Of course, those kinds of references have to be tempered by the fact that it's now in vogue to invent something and .  But that too is evidence of how far reaching Star Trek's vision of the future is.
Simpsons, Family guy.....even Seinfeld (Black and White cookie).I made it a mission a few years back to DVR and watch all episodes..I feel it made me way more savvy on modern pop culture..
YES - Everything seems to be inspired by the original 72 Star Trek.
First interracial kiss on t.v 
Start watching twilight zone and you will realise how many episodes where used for the scary door (I know that was the point but it's funny watching an episode of twilight zone and 2 mins in your like "oh i remember this from the scary door"
Zapp is a cross between Captain Kirk and William Shatner. That right there should say how trekkie the show is. lol.If you enjoy the original series, I believe the infosphere actually includes notes on all the little jokes, or scenes that was influenced by Star Trek. Its pretty cool. oh and even our Tribbles show up here and there :) 
I always wondered if kif was sort of Spock with green skin instead of green blood. 
I don't know, more of a cross of the other characters. I mean, he does have the Spock like "that's wrong captain" but he also has Bones' worryness, and occasionally Scotty's brilliance...
This looks more like his uncle. 
What episode is this?
Season 6, Episode 24: Cold Warriors
Is that a big green alien between the pillars to the right? 
its a tree :)
As it turns out, they meant for you to see that. In context too! 
And so the Trekkies were executed in the manner most befitting virgins.
he's dead jim.
he's dead jim.
Noticed what? The joke? 
Color Benders eyes!
ITS DOCTOR JOHN E ZOIDBERG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NOT A 

I think he says E. not A. In Benders Big Score Hermes announces Zoidbergs middle name and I think he says E, not A
The Leela one kinda looks like unknown
The Farnsworth one kinda reminds me of Dilbert, haha.
[/offtopic].I can't get a screencap, but in the animated series, Dilbert would often make his eyelashes the exact shape and layout of the disapproval face.
Hermes Goes to College
The one for Fry kinda looks like Roberto. 
Do you think I'm Crazeeeeeey?
I bet zoidberg is a Redditor
Haha this episode was just on today
I just watched this one
right in the feels
ZOIDBERG AMA! that would be the best.
Happy Cake Day!
I may have missed my chance. Lets have a pity party together.
I'm gonna have to downvote, just like I would if I knew Zoidberg in real life.
Brilliant. 
Whatever you do, don't visit . and open HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Zoidberg is law. 
You don't want to end up old and alone like .!
What episode is this?
Time Keeps on Slippin 3-14
If you are in seattle I'll buy you a coffee for your cake day! Hope you are doing okay.
Are you an oblivious asshole like zoidberg?
Hey OP, where are your presents?
And friends?
Why should we upvote someone only for their cake day? 
Why should we give presents to someone only for their birthday?
well it makes sense when they are your friend or family member.  
Hm, yeah, I guees. But thinking that karma has no real value I don't think it's too bad to have a little bit more for the cake day.
There is not a good reason to do that either, at least that person is special to you, so, every fucking stupid excuse is good enough to makes something nice for the people you love. 
I've always thought it was a way of showing affection for them. Its a way to ensure their continued happiness. They may live a stressful life and giving them a gift, even a small one reminds them that they're important to you. Having everyone do that at the same time amplifies the feeling many times over. Its something that they can look back upon months or even years later. 
I hate everything about these ''cake days''. From the name to the attitude surrounding them.

You're lucky to have Zoidberg as a friend!  But cross me and ill turn on you like that!  BBRRARARARAlAARaa!!
How long until someone photoshops hipster clothing on him?
We hate zoidberg?
Also, 
Yes, the mighty ascot
I love Zoidberd, but only because it's cool to hate him.
Every day of work.
Every day off... someone posts this image.
This will be 90% of my summer
My montra
618 points and 4 comments when I come in. People really did not do anything today! I had a good chuckle from that. 
I cleaned the kitchen and got through the 2nd season of TNG. I'll call it a win.....next up . it's 
The klein bottle flask is great.
Ain't it the truth.
That's everyday for me.
Along with their backpacks, an American flag, and half the Apollo 11 moon-landing module, Armstrong and Aldrin left some sentimental mementos on the surface of the moon, including:. A patch from the never-launched Apollo 1 mission, which ended prematurely when flames engulfed the command module during a 1967 training exercise, killing three U.S. astronauts;. medals commemorating pioneering Soviet cosmonauts Vladimir Komarov and Yuri Gagarin, who had died in flight in 1967 and 1968, respectively;. goodwill messages from 73 world leaders; and. a small gold pin shaped like an olive branch, a symbol of peace.
Yes, I think someone noticed exactly this like two months ago..edit: 
Well I didn't see it, so thanks for posting it! 
Damn. I didn't mean to repost, I was just watching and noticed. Sorry. 
But what if I have something that needs rubbing?
Where'd you get the Strawberry, mane?  We can't get those around here and they're my mom's favorite, I'd love to get her some.
Perhaps the only thing I agree with Nixon on. 
Try frozen!
Coincidently, earlier today I learned that Charleston Chew is named after the dance, not the city.
"I know a place where the Constitution 
The Canary islands aren't named for the birds. They were named for an indigenous dog that lived there (Although they might not have been dogs, but anyway). The birds were then named for the islands. 
Canary, as in canine
Which area around the world are you from? This was found in a store somewhere in ontario..
Denver, Colorado.  :(
Pack of 24 is about $20 on Amazon . Of course, then there's shipping, but if they're your mom's ., then it would totally be worth it.
Think: Shankman's.
It costs a little more, but it's worth it!
hail corporate. 
my grandmother used to eat these things all the time.  but she had no teeth so she'd suck on them.  it was a cringe-inducing sight as she's keep pulling it out of her mouth and you'd see this gnarled white lump covered in melted chocolate stains..only the strongest of stomachs could watch it without projectile vomiting.  I am sworn off of charleston chews for the rest of my life
You have to admit that kind of dedication to sucking is unique. By projectile vomiting I imagine you mean from your penis thus completing the circle making your penis the charleston chew? 
Strawberry? Dafuq?
The dance...which is named after the city. 
FUN FACT: I live in charleston, RI. We like to think we created it but in reality South Carolina did...
Yeah Chariho schools are kinda known for that thinking: local.
It's weird i live in charleston but i go to SK Schools...

pretty much me
Fun fact about Charleston Chew: don't try it frozen. Unless you like shards of teeth in with your candy.
Poppycock.  Just be careful.  I'm sick of this nanny state!
Poppycock is delicious with softened shards of Charleston chews on top.
Duh, you freeze it, shatter it in the package, and then let the shards melt in your mouth.  Otherwise your fillings get ripped out.
The only liquid teeth I like come with Slurm.
*in. You know that giant worm eats people whole, therefore teeth.
If I remember correctly, in the audio commentary for the freedom day episode, several of the writers were amazed to find out Charleston Chew was a real thing. They thought they had just made up the name of a funny candy.
Yeah, the voice actors were amazed.  
Charleston Chew is brought to you by ., the only teeth strong enough to chew Charleston Chew.
Thompson's Teeth is brought to you by Gunderson's Nuts!
They're nut so good!
Oh. Hey RED, why you cowering over there?
Xbox One is the Robot 1-X of gaming systems:.Bender: "You shut up. No wait. I can use you as a tool to save my friends and I'll still be the hero who everyone says how great he was!"
let it die while ahead instead of letting it fester like the simpsons.
so you'd rather kill your parents once they get past their prime? you'd rather kill yourself at 30? dont do it man, you might have higher standards than others but some of us dont want to see you go until you can no longer function. some of us care <3 dont do it mane we love you, there is always someone who cares
and do you really think that letting it die will bring a replacement that starts out with the earlier stuff? no its going to use the same plot and humor where all of the like are now. did you think that letting it continue will somehow taint or remove the original humor?

Like futurella 
I would've crashed my car.
"hello lawsuit." 
Those damn scammers took the ship!
the sprunjer never lies
Im watching this show right now!
I would've crashed my car.
I did almost hit a guy pulling into the parking lot it was in.
Bender would've been proud.
Why thank you kind jerkwad.
I'm just starting out as a truck drive and am thinking of getting a small one to stick on my truck when I get it. Don't know what the company would think of it. Just have to put it some place fairly inconspicuous.
That would be awesome
Do it!
I know.
What's the difference between intraplanetary and interplanetary? Is intraplanetary considered only Earth?
"intra-" denotes that it is within the same body. Interstates crosse state lines, intrastate highways do not.  Intramural sports are between students of the same school.  
Yes. Or only Mars if you're a Wong.
So then intraplanetary = international?
Plus Antarctica.
Yes
[deleted]
Dude. That is awesome. Where did you get it?
the only one I found, but I think this isnt what you are looking for(3D art, maybe you like this too):

sorry, closest one to your description,
Did you make it yourself or buy it? 
A mom friend of mine made it by request. She makes hats and sells them for extra money. 
Neat! * . * 
We can all agree, that statue has a shiny metal ass.
REMEMBER ME!!!
I didn't know Jim Nabors was gay..I never saw Gomer Pyle USMC, but The Andy Griffith Show is awesome. 
How can somebody miss that?
i didnt even notice it!
also, his is on his head, not his crotchplate
But they don't know that!
Ummm. Yeah.  I'm a little too old for this sub if people miss this simple joke. It's a looney toon joke, probably stolen from an earlier show. 
What am I looking for?
The big red circle and arrow may lend a hand.
true, but the fembot would
And Bender was perfectly fine with that. Hell, he obviously got some, so she was bound to find out anyways.
Yeah I had to do a double take. It seems he wanted to be there I think. 
Ah, the reverse colonic irrigation. 
Ya don't have to post . pictures...
Prepare your anus
I too have had the glorious opportunity to look within the depths of my darkest hole. That was an adventure and a half; wasn't nearly as bad of an experience as I expected it to be. Laxatives are by far the worst part.
Why are you not working?
I literally just finished watching Bender's Game :D .Nice coinkidink
If you want a good laugh, read Dave Barry's . about getting a colonoscopy. I laugh every time I read it.
I'm a teacher with nothing to do on my off-block because finals start tomorrow. 
so many comments, and none of you have got it right.  from parasites lost:."it'll be one hell of a bowel movement.  you'll be lucky to have any bones left."
I literally couldn't even drink that shit. It tastes like someone liquified a plastic milk carton.
If you . like myself, ask for OsmoPrep. It could be realfuckingexpensive depending on your insurance, but if you're a drink>vomit>repeat like me, it's worth it. 
I'll keep that in mind. Thanks. I wish they just had an injection. 
I cried while drinking it. It was so nauseating, especially on an already empty stomach. 
Right? But an injection would go into your bloodstream, and not through your digestive tract. C'mon modern medicine, there's gotta be a better way! 
I wanted to do a gif, but I lack the proper tools at the moment. Someday...
Oh man I had this happen last Tuesday. I hope she is taking them plenty early. Mine didn't kick in until the next morning just as I was getting ready to leave for my appointment......
Oh gah, how'd the doctors office deal with that? Her's have kicked in and she's got it tomorrow. .I also just realized I forgot to add in the crease of Nibbler's left arm and his torso and it's driving me nuts. Oh well, it's just a doodle.
Well the doctors weren't too worried. It was a two hour drive to the hospital. I spent half an hour in the toilet and then various gas stations on my trip there. Needless to say I was really close to being late lol
...that....isn't possible. You lose control of your bowels once you start drinking that mixture.
Not always the case. I've also experienced a . delayed reaction of several hours. Not all bowel preps are created equal.
Everyone's body is different. In my case laxatives take a long time 
My doctor told me to call and cancel if they hadn't worked before midnight.
Oh lucky you. I had no warning. They gave me the impression that if I took them at 1600 hrs that I would have a long leisurely shit before bed. I was told to take my Vita or a book to the bathroom..Never said anything about any possibility of it not kicking in for 12 hours :S
I just watched that movie no more than a little while ago. I think this means I should watch the 4th one and grab another beer.
Have fun right after the procedure with her.  She'll be high as a kite and hilarious to talk to.  (I don't remember the two hours afterwords, but apparently I was great fun to talk with)
When I did it, I got three shots for the pain (during the procedure). I didn't get high at all, but it helped with the pain. :(.I mean, after something like that, you deserve to get high!
I got a kickass happy juice IV the whole time.  All I remember was them pushing down the plunger on a needle into my IV port and then I woke up three hours later.
We could use you in .. :).P.S. My sympathies to your wife. I had the pleasure of having that procedure last March.
Didn't know this sub existed but I love it, thanks. I don't do much more than just little cartoon doodles, most of it being in Groening's style. 
Had one a few weeks ago, would have one again. Wasn't awake and the laxatives and mixture drink thing cleaned me out. It was a pleasant experience.
We love all styles! :D Come by if you ever have any spare time. :)
I imagine you having that out on your desk, you get up to take a leak, boss walks by, unfamiliar with the show, oblivious to context... just keeps on moving...
Am I the only one that started singing, " Router Rooter when you flush a towel...we can also help with that impacted bowel."  
I had the pleasure a couple of weeks ago. Honestly, the liquid diet the day before was only kinda miserable. But drinking the 30 gallons or so of lemon-pledge/urinal-cake flavored "bowel cleaner", which functionally turns you butt into a rocket capable of propelling you into low-orbit, that was the worst.
After drinking that vile potion,I learned the true meaning of "whoosh".
I think I'm a cheater here, but at 24 years old and my most recent of 6 colonoscopies being this Monday, next time ask for OsmoPrep. 32 tablets is WAY better than a gallon of salty panther piss prep. 
Best thing you can invest in is the flushable wet wipes, otherwise after hours of pooping/wiping you will have a burning ring of fire.
Even with the baby wipes, man...Stings! Crapping out everything in your intestines must be corrosive.
I was expecting something along the lines of a picture of a colonoscope with."I can't swallow that!"
"Good news! Its a suppository!" 
Good news! It's a suppository. 

QUIT ASKING
I read that too well in his voice.
Well...duh-doy! It's a picture of him saying something, who else's voice would you read it in? Fuckin' Shrek?
Actually I do now thanks to you. I don't mind though because I like Shrek. 
I did as well, and now I read everything in his voice.
They live long and are storied poopers.
celebrated
Verily.
FOOOCCCUUUUUSSSSSSSSSS
Never ascribe to malice that which is adequately explained by... eh wha?!?
You could use Redbubble but it'd be quite small unless you could find a larger version.
I'd buy it. SOMEONE PLEASE DO IT.
SOMEONE TURN IT INTO A T-SHIRT ALREADY
You can make shirts with your own prints on cafepress.com super easily.  I made a beer stein with the Bender Brau logo on it for my brother a few years ago.
Totally would go this route. . is awesome.
then do it
You make your own shirts on CafePress. All it takes is to put in the image on their template.
YES.
What is this... a background for ants?
. I actually like monochromatic desktops because it's easier on the eyes, and this looks pretty decent in mono. Someone just needs to refine those edges on the text. That someone will not be I, though. Because, remember, lazy.
Yes it is...
this is a few small color choices away from being a great background.  nice work!
Save it as a PNG, and try to make everything one color, instead of the blurring around the edges. That way, anyone can paint can their own colors in.
My brain hurts.
I like the color scheme but the letters look kind of weird.. Nice though! 
...for your computer in 1998.
Composition isn't terrible, but execution is.
I'm going against popular opinion here, in that I like the color scheme with my current windows theme. Thanks for sharing!

: . less jarring colors and better letter-feathering. 
Yea, this is a great background and all, but it's literally painful to look at.
I gave it nicer colors..I wish it was high res. With the normal colors it looks great.
This is really beautiful. I like it!
This one would really look great as a poster!
the blue on red is painful to the eyes.
I find it disorientating.
Sorry, but its really bad..The colors are a very poor choice. The letters look like they were MS painted from an episode, and its not correctly sized for a background.
Most new laptops have screens with this exact resolution.
But don't give up!
The best things In life are fre.. I mean a dollar. 
Link: .I don't know if it still works, but this is what I ...If that code doesn't work, try this code: Z099PLAY77VPG or FUTURAMA4EVA, either one should work. One per account..Keep the ball rolling, by using this: . so others can get the code for a dollar!
Link to where you bought?
Link: .I don't know if it still works, but this is what I ...If that code doesn't work, try this code: Z099PLAY77VPG or FUTURAMA4EVA, either one should work. One per account..Keep the ball rolling, by using this: . so others can get the code for a dollar!
Second. 
Link: .I don't know if it still works, but this is what I ..  .If that code doesn't work, try this code: Z099PLAY77VPG or FUTURAMA4EVA, either one should work. One per account..Keep the ball rolling, by using this: . so others can get the code for a dollar!. Try FUTURAMA4EVA2 in case the other codes don't work (Said it was applied, but I wouldn't know for sure)
Well let's just wait here for OP to deliver.

Didn't he die though?
It would make sense that he was revived sometime during the episode Calculon 2.0.
FUN INSIDER FACT: Calculon's One Robot Show was actually written for the episode "The Butterjunk Effect" from last season. Fry, Leela, Amy and Kif were going to see it on a double date. It was easily one of the funniest scenes I had read from last season. The writers loved it. The producers loved it. Everyone in the office loved it. Sadly, it eventually had to be cut for time. It didn't even make it to the table read (which is fairly early in an episode's production.) .When Lew Morton was brought in to write Calculon 2.0, the writers handed him the One Robot Show pages and told him that no matter what, this scene was going in. .Some bits have changed since the original draft, but I still like how it turned out. Hopefully, you all will too..SOURCE: Worked on the show.

Thank you for not posting this in r/funny.
You get my vote, but only if i can get that without the text so I can make a life wallpaper for my phone...
What is that on his collar? 
Excellent idea!
You can't tell me what to d...ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD!
come on man this is pretty fucki... ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD
How about no.
You. You're the reason why we can't have a nice, funny, interesting reddit.
I upvoted you out of compassion (and because of Futurama meme) .But I want to smack you across the head for using a washed out meme in an unoriginal way. .Now ... go sit in the corner and think about what you did. 

Me and my brother were talking about how awesome a spin off for Zapp Brannigan would be. He's such a hilarious character and he doesn't get enough screen time
I was thinking Futurella but...yea...this is better
HA! Not everybody loves hALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD
Groening: alright. We'll start taking questions but only about futurella, not the Simpsons.
Why is this not an animated gif already?!
But we all know it will go downhill from 3rd season :(
...that's not Single Female Lawyer
What about Futurella?
I would watch Llllllllrrrrrrrr ALL DAY.
ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD
ALL these years and we've finally come to what we should have realized was going to happen from the beginning.  The GLORY days are behind us for Futurama, so why not look to the future?  TO forget that they have already built this subtle and fantastic spin-off, would be paramount to giving up on the entire franchise. THE true banner carrier has always been there.  HYPNOTOAD be thy name.
ill just go make my own futurama show! with black jack! and hookers! 
On second thought forget the show!
I'd like a full episode of All My Circuits..ED: corrected title
FTFY
yes...all my circuits. thanks for the correction
Guys, you all know that the recasting is totALL HAIL HYPNOTOAD 
There's a full episode of Hypnotoad on the DVD of Bender's Big Score.
I don't think anything can replace Futurama to be perfectly honest wi-- PLEASE SIGN THIS PETITION FOR A HYPNO-TOAD SPINOFF. LET'S MAKE IT HAPPEN REDDIT.
I agree with you, this show is a mere shadow of Futur-ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD. THIS SPINOFF WILL BE GREAT. HOPEFULLY IT WILL HAPPEN SOON.
I was hoping for KoTH.
Fixed? What's the original?

Oh hey, someone [FIXED] one of my posts!.A GREAT HONOUR
That, or maybe ..
ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNO-TOAD. EVERYONE MUST UPVOTE.
Clap. Clap.
Yippee! My post is populALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD
Yeah, nice po-ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD!
You can't tell me what ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNO-TOAD.
I AGREE, ALL MUST UPVOTE THE HYPNO-TOAD.
That show's been going downhill since season 3.
And yet, most of my favorite episodes are from season five: Spanish Fry, The Sting, Jurassic Bark, Obsoletely Fabulous, and Three Hundred Big Boys.
you like jurassic bark...you are a horrible person and now I'll go cry in a corner for you having brought THAT up. THAT of all things. :(
Why do you think people still watch Family Guy or the Simpsons? They know the character and their various schticks and enjoy them.

Those some of my favourite Season 4 episodes.
Totally, and then when it turned out that ALL HAIL HYPNOTOAD.
Oh here comes all the all glory to the hypnotoad peopl ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD
Dear cuss, what a circALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD
Blah, blah, blah! Stop! I haven't seen it yALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD
Woosh

Too late, baby, you said it! So, what'll it be? My place ... or you?
Classic Bender is hilarious.
Yes, but it seems that as of 5/22 the movies are GONE
They are listed as episodes now.
They have it updated to Naturama
yeah. Season 6 on netflix has the hour and a half movies too
They're all there. I have Netflix as well as my own torrented versions of all the episodes.
Is the space pope reptilian?
im a reactionary idiot, thanks for pointing this out for me.
S04E14 - Obsoletely Fabulous.With the best opening line: You can't prove it won't happen!
Man I love those 1 x robots. 
W-W-Wait! What happened to your enthusiasm for stabbing them?
4
4 what?
A lot.
The professor was able to build it with nothing more than a collection of wires. I'd imagine it shouldn't cost that much.
I can't really help, but the folks over at . are really clever!
Cheers! will x-post there later if i can't get an answer here.
Maybe 5, or even 6
56! 56!, aww man now that is all I can think about
Imma kill you, you no good 56-er!
i was just thinking that it is a similar colour to planet express and also has a similar shape
I must sound so stupid, but what does it resemble? 
It took me a minute, but it resembles Zoidberg. The windows are the eyes and the curved doorways give the illusion of tendrils. 
Obligatory "John F**King Zoidberg" - ps I can't believe you saw Zoidberg in that you sir or madam are a top level Earthican
Obligatory 'why not Zoidberg?'
I had put that but for some reason it didn't come out... 
Did not need it. I saw it right away. 
Whoo! then you are awesome sir...have an upvote
Was this taken in Maryland by chance? Had that same thing floating around my town yesterday. 
Cool pic. 
I suffer from a very sexy learning disability. What did I call it, Kiff?
Zapp: We'll be like fish in a barrel. 
Nixon: What's your plan Brannigan?
Zapp: My plan is to hide in this barrel, like the wily fish.
(sigh) Sex-lexia. 

Leela LEE ELA
I AM THE MAN WITH NO NAME!
She's a beautiful ship alright, shapely, seductive. I'm going to fly her brains out.
If we hit that bullseye, the rest of the dominoes will fall like a house of cards. Checkmate.
Feel it Leela! It's real Velour....
LE-LE-LE Leela... 
Pretty sure Kif said that one, though he was reading from Brannigan's book of pickup lines.  .I find the most erotic part of a woman to be the boobies.  
It was Kiff that said that, it's right before the half date ends. Afterwards Kiff decides to Karaoke  :)
How absurdly decadent!
Anyone notice that those tea cup pigs use a very very VERY similar sound byte of the card saying "I love my mommy"
Yes, in the way that two sunsets are "similar" and yet completely different.
The Family Guy card looks like a painting I did when I was 4.
Anyone have the link to the cartoon Billy was talking about? The updated 3d one with him in it with Mel Blanc. I'm really curious to see it. 
EPIC!
Billy West. What a stupid, phony, made up name.
Joey joe-joe Junior Shabadoo?
Damn, that Popeye impression is incredible!
I wonder why he didnt do Farnsworth
This makes me want to create accounts just to upvote it.
This might be one of my favorite videos ever. 
the other guy sound like seth rogen..
youtube Billy West as Nelson Mandela.  It's extremely racist but hilarious.
his normal conversation voice is Fry! see minute 1:38 talking 
I believe it ...Sorry for the toaster quality, it's the first one I could find.
Well said. I completely agree..Honestly, the world needs more people like you.
TIL Billy West is 62 (I guess 61 in this clip if the date is correct). Penn Jilette is 58 btw. I guess they both dye their hair.
What's really crazy is that he does so many voices on Futurama, and he does them .. Like if Fry, Bender and Professor Farnsworth are talking to each other, he does the whole conversation at once, rather than do Fry first, then run through doing Bender and so on. He says he finds it easier that way. Insanity!
Indeed in another video he explains to do that voice he had to learn to throat sing. 
this is my favoruite video with his live voice work: 
Jackie puppet?
The show just was never the same when Billy and Jackie left. I fucking loved Jackie Puppet. Red, Marge Schott, all of 'em..Sigh.
Shame Howard is so greedy and egotistical.
F Jackie!
Billy West is simply incredible 
Did he really describe his basis for Brannigan without mentioning Phil Hartman?  I've always thought he was just doing a Phil Hartman impression, ..
This is gold. 
Billy West seems like a very eccentric fellow
Every big-name voice actor I know of is. Personally, it only adds to the quality, because they put their soul into it in a way that nobody else can. 
That makes sense. I mean you can't voice a cartoon character without being a little...animated.....I'm sorry. I'll leave now
I believe Bender is voiced by John DiMaggio.
Ah shit, you're right. My bad :(
I highly recommend listening to the episode of the nerdist podcast with him and John DiMaggio. It's amazing.
Holy shit. I had no idea this podcast existed, let alone the amazing combination of Billy West and John DiMaggio. Thank you.
I honestly couldn't listen to any episodes after that. It was just so good.
You should listen to the episode with Rob Paulson and Maurice Lamarche.  It's equally as good!
That one i did peek at with my earballs. I think I'm gonna start listening again.
.
It's so great to hear Fry in there, as he's talking normally.
I noticed that too. He has such great range.
Yeah, IIRC when he was designing Fry's voice his strategy was to make it as close to his own voice as possible because Box Network executives are idiots and the industry has a nasty history of replacing people with talent who demand even less money -- but it's a lot harder to replace what is unique to you.
Billy West is my hero. AMA Request? Lets get on that. 
would it be as cool, just reading the text from all his voices?
yes.
can't deny it
I'm Bender, baby! PLEASE INSERT LIQUOR!
But he finished with 3 seconds to spare, so he sang for 3:57... and the song only lasts 2 something minutes in the episode...
I've seen this before in Spongebob, Adventure Time, and Doctor Who. great joke!!
THATSTHEJOKE.jpg.
Who is the guy below the clock? He looks out of place
My favorite song in all of Futurama!
SVEA RIKE!
That line came with 3:50 left in my copy. But yes, I think it was intentional.
I think the point is that there is 4 minutes until the end of the episode.
HJLP EN SVENSK

Of course it isn't a coincidence. They probably actually went through a lot of work to make that perfect.
Get where the song starts, round to the nearest minute for the sake of the bit, add stuff at the end to work the second out..It isn't like there wasn't a lot of episode left after the song was over. 
" Why must every 11 minutes of my life be filled with misery?" .One of my absolute favorite Spongebob jokes. 
Nope. Nothing is coincidence with MG's mind
I'm pretty sure they just saw how much time they had left and made that the line, no?
More like David X. Cohen when it comes to Futurama, he poured his heart and soul into it. 
Edit: nothing is coincidence in Futurama
Bro people can find your facebook page through images hosted by facebook, you just copy and paste the second string of numbers in for facebook.com/###############. Use . to host your images.


perfect !
and when they find my facebook page, what? I'm from romania, no one cares in this hellhole what the fuck you post anywhere, i understand your concern, but, believe me, no one cares here enough. 
I need this.
Just sayin man.
Stay classy hedonism bot.
I got an A on an English presentation for referencing this line.
Extra! Extra! Greatest opera of all time sucks!
Does anyone knows what tvtropes calls this? The "You can't do x" and then the same character or someone else in the room do just that. Very overused in Cheers for example.
One of the greatest episodes, I think I will rewatch it in a few days. 
Your music is bad and you should feel bad!
I loved this episode! The score was awesome and the ending was great. For sure one of my favorite episodes.
This makes me laugh!
So much feels in that episode.
This play is as lousy as it is brilliant!
The use of words expressing something other than their literal intention - now that IS irony!
Yeah, "irony" can mean many things. Like ten thousand forks when all you need is a knife.
My favorite episode, I memorized the lyrics to that song. .A deal's a deal, .even with a dirty dealer!
Mine too, an amazing series finale. It's why I was almost very slightly upset at futurama finding new life, and almost slightly looking forward to the new series finale..Almost.
Yea was a great little ending, who series was Fry vying for Leela and final scene of final episode they kiss. Then it get's renewed and it's like nothing happened. 
I have similar feelings. They make me... uncomfortable.
Very well then I'll take what I want from Leela!.Leela has promised me her hand!
Fry, you do not understand!
I should have revealed I'de been deafened by Bender the shame, The shame! But I feared you would stop writing this musical splendor, Deceptions the curse of My whimsical gender!
He gave me mechanical ears. Effective, though just a bit garish~.In return, without shedding a tear I said I'd give him my haaaaand...

You'll give me your hand....(together) in marriage..!.Is this really happening or just being staged?.It can't be real,.Not if Leela is engaged 
I feel like this scene has gone entirely over my head :( 
That isn't what I meant!.That isn't what I signed!
You should've read the wording in the fine.....PRINT!
I'm partial to:.These hands are always touching me in .
Yeah, they get around
What about:."What did you do to my nails?"
"I cleaned them."
I saw you guys on . didn't I? 
I read this "US" as "USA" 
You are my heroes!
Try to stay with the crowd so no one notices how crummy you look.
I love the Zoidberg and Bender costumes
Im sorry but this is awful. 
[deleted]
It's all that fattening hobo cuisine.

The Planet Express team sure got fat.  Especially Bender.
they've turned to food for comfort since the show got axed :P
FRIES HAIR IS ORANGE. NOT RED.
Fry's* lol but yeah you're right. I can understand how buying orange hair dye and getting dark red on the first try could be easily done on accident though. 
And I can't take life anymore! 
Has all the powers of a king,  plus all the powers of superman.  Also, he's a robot. 
Made by TheFightingMongooses. Brilliant.
I have a hoodie with him saying super heroes away, so awesome
Is this clown on?
The elephant who never forgets....to kill!!
. One art please.
I really hope they do another episode with them being superheros!
REMEMBER ME! 
CITIZEN SNIPPPSSSSSSS!!!
Super king has all the powers.
Of a king, plus all the powers.
Of superman.
Also he's a robot.
Isn't that cool? Super king you rule. 
Go go go New Justice Team, fighting justice is their quest, Super King, Cloberella, and all the rest. 
Superking has no need for loved ones.
Pack of highly. Got it.
I love their theme song so much.
Except....Drug Man, I guess
When I'm sad, I just sing this theme song in my head and I'm immediately in a better mood. It's just so ridiculous and fitting for Futurama. It also reminds me that there is a . in that theme sequence. That makes me laugh. 
Captain Yesterday is fast.
Also he is from the past.
Not just fast, but from the past.
CAPTAIN YESTERDAY!.Super King has all the powers.
Of a King plus all the powers.
Of Superman.
Also he's a robot.
Isn't that cool? Super King you rule!.Cloberella beats you up..
Cloberella beats you up..
Who does she beat up?.
YOU!.
Cloberella.Citizens, never fear.
Crazy do good freaks are here.
Until they run out of steam.
Miracle cream, miracle cream.
Give the power to the team.
Its effects wear off for sure.
So they just slop on some more.The New Justice Team!
CITIZEN SNIIIIIIIIIIIIPSSSSSS!!!!
Call me Lucky...
El Zilcho. I'm afraid we're boned.
El Zilcho eh... is it too late to change my superhero name?
Also he's a robot.
My liege!
"Command of sea creatures... " 
"Zoidberg, come here."
"Screw you!"
"Ain't got that one."
"Nope."
This is the one time that sassy Zoidberg has ever been funny. Never again. 
Uh, the first episode IS the introductory. Uh-doy!
Season One, Episode One...go through them season by season, then repeat your faves indefinitely. 
watch them in order,  trust me.  When you get to the movies you will understand.  o there is no reason I just wanted to say that. 
Start at episode one for sure, season 1 in order is pretty much the introduction.
Really, you COULD just watch the first episode and then skip around. The plot is pretty easy to understand even if you haven't seen any others.
I think the best episode to start out with would be the pilo- 
"The Day the Earth Stood Stupid" .ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD
I just started rewatching Futurama from the beginning. I originally started watching it when it first aired, got a few seasons in and stopped. I've seen a few episodes from the later seasons since then, but I plan on starting at the beginning and going all the way to the end this time. .I forgot how much I loved this show. 
If you love dogs, watch out!
Start with Jurassic Bark. You'll thank me later.
Watch the first 2 seasons in order at least. Skip around for the rest of the series. A lot of the running gags and inside jokes have roots in the first two seasons. After that, treat it like the Simpsons and watch whatever episodes you want. If you really get into it, the movies/miniseries that came out between cancellation and when comedy central picked it up pretty much have to be watched in order. 
Eh, I'd argue that The Day the Earth Stood Stupid, Roswell That Ends Well, and the Why of Fry (all in season 3/4) should be watched in the order they aired. And there is a bit of sublte evolution to the Fry/Leela romance. (Also Leela's origin!) .I mean, if you're going to watch them all eventually, production/airing order is the best way. 
While your best bet is to just start from the beginning, it's not like you'll be missing out on a giant story line if you don't follow order. The series is one of my favorites and I'm pleased that you, random stranger, will soon be enjoying it as well. There are some running jokes, though, that you may not get at first if you skip ahead to later episodes. Enjoy!.Not that I'm telling you to watch this episode specifically, but my favorite episode is Benderama.
  
Here on . we like 'Jurassic Bark' for some reason.
Probably the three best episodes that do a great job of showing what the show is about are . and . Oh, and the one with the seven-leafed clover but I don't remember the episode title.
My question is, have you been under a rock at the bottom of the ocean for the last decade? send me a postcard from Bikini Bottom... 
No one should start with Jurassic Bark, though. My husband did and now he suspects every episode will have a really sad ending, no matter how many he's seen.
Show him 'Luck of the Fryrish' and 'The Bots and the Bees'! That'll show him!
Your best bet is episode 1, Season 1, my friend..It's a classic.
Thanks I'll probably just start there. I know some whovians who give the weeping angel episode out to people who've never watched Dr Who so I wondered if there was a similar episode for Futurama.
The difference is that the first Dr. Who of the current series is itself a reference back to a 1970s storyline (Spearhead from Space) and caters primarily to fans of the old series. The first Futurama is the genesis story and is chock full of important information (some of which ultimately gets chucked out the window)..(Edit: Ok... you probably know that and I'm word vomiting unnecessarily just because you referenced two of my favorites in the same post.)
Nah you're all clear to go from the start. .You get to ease into the charm of the show that way.
I would never start somebody on Blink. It's a Doctor-lite episode that's not like the rest of the show at all. It would be like starting somebody on Futurama by showing them Anthology of Interest I or Jurassic Bark: fantastic episodes, but they give you a false sense of what the show is about.
"The series has landed" (S1E2) was the episode that really hooked me.  That being said, go with episode one first.
Suicide booth. I love it already.
Damnit, I have a dissertation to write and now I have to go back and watch Futurama from the beginning. Thanks a lot.
"Ooh good choice."
Anyone who starts you on the "best" episode of a show is setting you up for disappointment.  
Not only that, but the "best" episode often only is considered the best because of the impact on character development or climaxes of ongoing story arcs.  For modern shows that don't work as well without understanding those story arcs or characters, it's equivalent to saying "oh, you should start watching . with the toll booth scene.  Everything up to there is just leadup, don't worry about it."  You'll have no context and anything that makes the scene great will be lost on you.  Same with starting a show at a random episode.
That is not Bender's trap. 
As a human, I would be screwed.
Skydoesminecraft trap.
56? 56?! Aw man, now that's all I can think about!
"jk, he's in hell" (the rest of the title)
This is the point that i realized that the creators knew this show was done for. After letting mutants walk on the surface, killing calculon and roberto, and all the other little things. At this point, i kind of hope there isn't another season, lest other beloved characters die off. 
First of all there is one more half-season and then it is cancelled. Secondly, they are bringing Calculon back in one of the episodes.
Well thats even worse. I loved how stuff from past episodes affected future ones, but now thats gone too? 
Perfect title. Did Bender say that on the show?
Hey thanks! Actually I wanted to reference a favorite line of mine from "A Pharaoh To Remember". When Pharaoh Hermenthotip's death is announced Bender sheds a solitary tear and sniffles before saying "He's whippin' angels now."
No, they were just looking for a robot brain, and didn't care who it belonged to. If they . seen that the grave was Roberto's, they probably wouldn't have taken his brain. As they are leaving, Bender says something like " Have a nice eternity without a brain, anonymous dead robot!"
Haha I actually might like that as a title more.
which episode was this?
The six million dollar mon.
MECHA HERMES HAS SPOKEN.
Ha-haaaaaa!
Hey, Red.
"Hey Bender. You ever kill a man with a sock? It ain't so hard"
Another tomb stone I chuckled at...
You would think the graves would be in binary code.
Yeah the whole robot death thing in general is a little confusing. Like what about Robot Hell? And didn't Bender say most robots (besides him) have a back up unit and could just download themselves into a new body?
Dying unit 44 would have been programmed to die and robot hell is just a place. You don't have to die to go there, as Bender didn't have to die to go there. 
 
Or just stare at me because of awkward situation...
Can't tell if spelling error or knew clever use of a possessive noun!
*YOU'RE
There's a strip club that shows Futurama?
shut up that's why!
I may be wrong here but Travers was traveling through the past and making himself known to the public. Everyone knew who he was and everyone's memory was effected by it. Bender, when traveling in the past hid from public until the exact point in time where the crowd who knew his intentions. thus their memory would be the same. History book would change but their memory of history and the past would not because they did not see any of it happen. I am not saying that is right because time travel itself has so many theories and outcomes but that has always been my reasoning for it.
Truuuue..... But what about the paradox free part?
Because its a tv show
Eh, could have more logic at least
They'll change the continuity retroactively for a joke. I'm pretty sure that they said this in an interview. I'm on mobile and can't find it right now. 
A wizard did it.
A wizard Alien did it.
It's on Netflix and it shows that netflix launched in Sweden late last year.
Tv links.eu      Only use the put locker and sockshare links though they are the best 
Thanks, but i dont have Netflix :/
Hulu.com

Google "watch cartoon online." It'll be under the cartoon section.
Thanks!
Yes sir. 
Comedycentral.com

thank you bot
Am I the only one that actually doesn't want to see it saved? I mean, we have lots of good Futurama to go back and enjoy over and over again, but the newer seasons seem a bit off to me. It's just not as funny as it once was. I kind of wish that this show had gotten to Seinfeld itself and go out on top, but I feel like that's impossible now.
I understand your apprehension believe me.  The length of time between seasons is drastically affecting the show.  If it were on more of a set schedule it might help.
Whatever happens to the show, I'm looking forward to more episodes.
Now more than ever we need to watch it.
here is the problem.  the show hasn't gotten funnier with each passing season. i agree that there are a lot of talented people that went into making this show amazing and i am sad to see it go.
I disagree.  I find it very funny still.  It's miles above a lot of other shows out there, and to have it killed in this way, to be replaced by lowbrow humour is a slap in the face to the fanbase.
The show has gone the way of The Simpsons.  Once brilliant, but it's been put on life support for a while now.  It used to have original plot ideas and insightful jokes, whereas now nearly every episode is based on what is going on in the news lately.  They rely on topical humor and episode ideas and it's just not the same.  The show is set in the future, so why does every episode parody or play off of current events?  .Sure it's not the worst thing on TV, but it  just doesn't come close to its former glory, and the longer it is kept on the air without some drastic changes being made, the further the once great reputation of Futurama will be tarnished.
And the old episodes didn't? There's plenty of recent news pop-culture in the old episodes too. The difference is they are now historic. Nostalgia. 
i mean they did kind of but it was better incorporated  into the futuristic aspect of the show.  heads in jars of famous people and whatnot.  when bender said "damn you obamacare!" I cringed so hard and couldn't believe they would stoop to using that joke.  it doesn't even make sense!  
Then if not TV let's have a decent movie. Something to remember the show by.
You know they did that . already, right?
I meant not just a direct to dvd.  One that plays in theatres.
does that legitimize it by having it in the theatres? 
I would gladly donate my human horn to see this.
I love the enthusiasm and support any campaign to bring it back...but I cannot agree that the show has gotten funnier every time it has come back. Maybe it's cuz it was on CC so it had to have dumbed down jokes that held your hand to make sure everyone would "get it.".This has all been said before I know but I tried to re watch season 5 again and just didn't find myself laughing at all. 
I'm not so sure about the dumbed down joke part of this statement. Take Season 6 episode 17 law and oracle for example: it spoofs the Tom cruise film minority report. One of the first things that happens once fry becomes a police officer is chase down Schrdinger (in a tron spoof) for breaking the speed of light, then arrests him for that and his famed cat theory. They briefly explained it, but in my opinion not clear enough for anyone unfamiliar with Schrdinger's cat to truly grasp what they were talking about. I.e. not a very dumbed down joke.
Everyone has a different level of humour.  Nothing wrong with that.
Sorry, but I think it's time people let it go. For me it pretty much died after season 5 - barely or plainly not funny(or painfully juvenile) jokes and blunt references to current events and problems do not make a quality show. The show used to be mostly self-contained and have interesting plots of its own and witty jokes, but seasons 6+ feel like they're a bad attempt at imitation. It's pretty much what happened to the Simpsons, only there it's even worse.
this is correct.
Futurama at it's worst is a far cry better than most things.
Agreed.  And the world needs more Morbo..I think it's the bit characters that make the series.

I'm 40% adamantium!
The names ruin this...
*nibbler, not nibble.Also the names are ruining it.
The guy next to Petunia isn't  mr.panucci .
Leela = not cyclops, what the hell?
Holy shit, I didn't see them until you pointed it out.
Quite subtle I know.
Lrrr. Not Lrr
As I said the last time this picture showed up, Anglyne and Flexo are shown as the Scarlet Witch and Quicksilver, brother and sister mutants. Anglyne and Flexo are involved. SEXUALLY. This means that this is clearly the Ultimate universe.
planet express ship as...planet express ship.
it actually took me a while to put the names on the original artwork, with approval from the original artist. 
Sorry to harsh your labeling vibe. I'm sure it took a while but it does take away from the image a bit. To each their own, as it's said.
no probs, enjoy the show :)
Sal.
except Bender is Colossus 

woop woop woop
Mad Hatter Robot as Mad Hatter? That's a Batman character....EDIT: Just took a second look and noticed . bow tie.
My favorite Futurama character and X-Men character in one? Yes! Scruffy + Gambit!
How is Leela . Cyclops?
Why ruin it with their names?
I would have preferred the names of the X-men characters they are portraying.
so what, i taught the bath tub how to play poker.
The Bible is the . good news.
Repost Time?
And that show will live on while good shows die out. 
Cute! Especially since John Dimaggio voices both Jake and Bender
I am offended to the core of my being. You dare to sully the purity of Futurama with this childish trash?
It's like a stage adaptation of Ulysses acted out by shit puppets..Wait, it's not like that at all. .It's like a cartoon show mocked up with another cartoon show. .That's it. 
Heh, that's cute :)
no "the space around the spaceship" is not the same thing is the rest of the universe.
Happy kwanko day. This is udder adness. 
Zefram Cochrane thought about it before the Professor.
Must have been a mistake on part of the animators. 
It's the twenty-second episode. I didn't know there were any that short.
I actually think there was a second episode too.
Brings me back to the days of late night advertising before the government put an end to it :)
is that computer from the same episode?
Can someone make this into a font for me? 
Edit:  And also:
Honestly I would love to one day (well, several days) sit down and take screen shots and translate every piece of alien writing for each episode. Kind of surprised no one has started said project, but it would be very time consuming to do so.
You have way too much time on your hands.
I did it when I was younger. I became so obessed with it I became able to write in alien fluently. However, I doubt there is any trace left of it..Plus, the new seasons weren't out, so it only covered the first four seasons, and maybe the films.
Damn.
I believe that computer is from one of the DVD menus.
Interesting thing about the original alien alphabet, and why they added a second one:.(This info is taken from the commentaries on the DVD.).In the first episode they put in an intentional "rosetta stone" in the form of a Slurm sign.  In one scene, we see a sign that says "Drink Slurm", then later the same sign, but with "Drink" written in alienese.  They wanted to see how long it would take fans to decrypt the entire alphabet..To their surprise, it didn't take very long (like, less than an hour after the episode aired) for the key to show up on Usenet.  So, they added the second one as a harder challenge.
I bet the Rosetta stone wasn't even needed. Substitution ciphers are pretty easy for code crackers. Futurama fans should be up for it.
Yeah, they realized they made it way too easy for obsessive fans.  Hence, the second one.

What season and episode number is this?
They hardly seem so evil so little. 
We had this exact same post like... 2 days ago. What the fuck?
In my opinion, these . posts need to stop..We get it, there were sad times, touching times amid the laughter, but this is absolute repost-karma-fishing. 
seriously!!!! everyday same post... If its not this its Fry's Dog... we get it.
Fry's dog wasn't even THAT bad.
[deleted]
Awesome.  Would have liked to party with him too.  .R.I.P. Spuds :(
"All-Purpose Spray"
Amy: How do I look
Professor: Like cheep French whore.
Amy: French!?.Priceless...  :)
No, and I start the seasons over every three months.  
No, you must watch it more than I do, which is too much.
Why would it matter if he was chained to the cage?
Is there a joke I am missing?
I just want to know how that happened. 
His handcuffs are outside the cage... I think that's the thing.
[deleted]
In the scene right before it his hands are on the inside of the cage and the chain is on the inside too.
It's called a continuity error. 
Look at the chain connecting his handcuffs.
I lost it at "Condemned by the Space Pope", someone better pick this show up.
Thanks for the memories, I'm going to miss this show.
I always laugh at Thompson's Teeth.
Some of those are incorrectly labeled
I actually tried to see if #40 was correct the first time I noticed it on reruns. This was back when it was on Adult Swim every night. I marked my calendar and it was not the same episode the following year. 
If only 5-16 was true.
This is one of the reasons why Futurama is always going to be my favorite cartoon.
My favorite has always been "you can't prove it won't happen" 
Theeeeeee space pope.
Thanks! This made my day! Hope your cake day was awesome!
Me and my friends really enjoyed the "when you see the robot, drink!", when we saw it on a friday night lol
Upvote for effort. I made it to 42 and was like wow thats enough. 
Great album, but I can't help but think that the gags have lost some quality compared to early seasons. 
Excellent job!
I wonder how many people ended up writing their congressman.
Or is it?
For those of you wondering how I came up with 9 seasons, I used the list .. .Yes I realize this isn't the "correct" production season list, but from what I gather it's the broadcast listing.
Does anyone have these in high/er resolution? 
"Soon to be a major religion" I wish this were true! I would follow that robot anywhere.
This is done so well. It would only be better with hookers and blackjack. In fact...
The third episode of the third season always resonated with me.
You realize we're only halfway through season 7, right?
One of my favorites too. 
Which ones? 
the one that's labeled 7-12 is 6-12. Idk about any others. Just that one
Depends on if the "movies" are considered the 6th broadcast season, which Netflix did, so I did. 
that doesn't at all make sense. 
 This is what I used.
Yeah, those start messing up in the next listed season. I don't think Netflix knows what they're doing sometimes.
Thanks! 
Not sure if compliment, or cunning criticism... 
I think the humor may have developed slightly but the wit is still there. 
Here, try watching . instead. posted by whitetigerisme above
I laugh as I cringe
I've been hoping someone would do this, thank you.
Me too. I couldn't find it done before, so I just went and did it. .u/whitetigerisme posted this: 
am I missing something here? I thought Futurama only had 7 seasons, so how do you have intros from a season 8 and 9?
You are correct. I used the TV/Netflix order & numbering which goes up to season 9: .Edit: 
Joystick controls Fry's left ear
The cash-bone one is my favourite.
Can anyone clear up what the alien language says in 06-03? (I believe that's Bender's Game)
There are production seasons and broadcast seasons. With production seasons there are 7, with broadcast season there are 9.
Man, I was really hoping for some surprise two seasons I impossibly didn't know about. Dream crushers.
There were 9 seasons in the Darkest Timeline. 
sorry 'bout that
Hopes...deleted.
My favorite thing too, also like to see what's on the billboard they fly through.
idea for my next cake day project
good idea, and the research would be fun as well (love rewatching old futurama)
I used the TV/Netflix order
Huh. As someone who lives outside of the states, I don't have Netflix. How were the seasons split I to 9,  and not 7?
I also live outside the states (Canada). The seasons were split into the TV broadcast seasons, not the production seasons, with the "movies" inserted as season 6. .I numbered all the pictures with the season - episode numbers as they appear on Netflix.
This one? 
Actually no, but thank you. I didn't realize there was more than one! I meant 
THE HUMANS SHALL NOT DEFEAT US
If I had the time and the software, I'd make a gif of these. Maybe someone out there would be willing?
I think there is a gif out there of it. Not sure where though.
It says "The humans shall not defeat us"
aww beat me to it
"It just won't stay dead!"., if only that were true. 
Maybe it is...
Nobody does it like Molton Boron!
I thought the lyric was "Nobody doesn't like Molten Boron!"?.
Evidently I was wrong all these years...
"Beats a hard kick in the face"

Nice!
I made this!
Thanks! You included some extras from the movies when they were broken up into episodes on Comedy Central that I couldn't find (they aren't broken up on Netflix where I took all my screen grabs from).
I remember when you made this. Have another upvote. 
Actually you're technically correct (the best kind of correct). The lyric was written "Nobody Doesn't like Molton Boron" but there was a misunderstanding so it was recorded as "does it". The mistake was noticed after the recording so they took the "n" sound from another part of the tune and spliced it in to sound like "doesn't". Apparently wasn't as clear as they'd hoped..Source: I've watched all of the commentaries, and I'm not afraid to admit it.
SirBonnington I'm promoting you to a grade 36.
The 36th highest grade there is.
Damn, you beat me to it! Guards! Bring me the forms I need to fill out to have him taken away!
"What happens in Cygnus X-1 stays in Cygnus X-1" is pretty brilliant..Cygnus X-1 is a black hole.
I thought it was a rush reference.
TIL...
Only way to describe this. 
That is epic. view the pictures you posted while i give you an upvote
Hey, Big Lobster!
If it's wrong, I don't want to be right.
Don't leave orphans. Gotta kill entire families. .This line is even funnier because she grew up as an orphan, so it kind of makes sense. 
I thought the quote was its natures radiator?
If you're cold, rub your bodies with permafrost. It's nature's long johns
Well your garden variety penguin lays one egg a year. Since the spill our penguins have been laying . eggs every .!

Look, nobody enjoys shooting penguins. But if you have to shoot penguins, well, you might as well enjoy it.
Environmentalism isn't supposed to be fun.
This was my "thing" for a few months
Don't let someone pick your pocket
Don't let Bender pick your pocket
No, no! No applause. Every time you clap your hands you kill thousands of spores that'll some day form a nutritious fungus. Just show your approval with a mold-friendly thumbs up.
If rubbing frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong I don't wanna be right. 
I use this all the time at work
What episode is this?
It's from Attack of the Killer App. The crew goes to a garbage world to deliver a bunch of e-waste and the locals strip down the ship too.
[deleted]
Great job! I heard rumours of a series 2 a while back, so good luck collecting those, if true :D
The Kidrobot Futurama Series 1 collectibles. They come in a sealed/blind package so you never know what one you're getting until you open it. 
So you stole them? :) Bender approves!
Some stores sell them with a sticker on the back that shows you which one is in the box. But that sucks because then everyone buys robot devil and zoidberg and all there is left is fry's and mom's. 
Is the fourth one from the right Sal?
Whys yes, it izzes.....
Awesome, but now I am disappointed there is no 
Yeah, there should have been a professor and Hermes!
Congrats!  I've got all but 4- Zoidy, Slurms, RobotD, and Nibs.
Trying to get these last 4 is going to be expensive... :)  I've got 4 Benders and 2 Morbos.
I've never seen that, how do they know what's in the box without opening it? 
My torrented version says snitch juice in the subs.
I've noticed subtitles on netflix are frequently off; it looks like sometimes they might be going of an older script or something.
Most of them are not all that subtle.....For example "With my last breath, 
Honestly, they have squandered Zoidberg's potential for these jabs in the later seasons. They weren't subtle anymore and were on par with the Big Bang Theory jokes that the Indian kid was somehow gay.
If you think that's subtle, the actual subtleties of the show are probably going over your head.
Do you know what subtle means?
It needs to stop people. 
it's the little things.
THis.
My bad. 
Quick Zoidberg, take three steps to the right.
Spoilers, dude.
Sorry man, kind of thought that the title implied you would have seen it. Should have tagged though.
I hope it comes back. I'm do sad about this!  It's been my favorite show for 14 years and seven seasons. God I'm so sad lol
I know those feels to. :(. Of all the cartoons I watch it just had to be the best one that got cut
Honestly I can't see the show ending for good. It's been cancelled before and I'm sure another network will take it up again.
worst bender ever. besides that weird 3d printed one a couple weeks ago
lol, it's not the greatest thing ever, but I would totally take it home if I found it on the side of the road.
haha yeah. it was a decent effort
All I know is my gut says maybe.
this comic was an excellent read,  and I wish it came with an original copy of Simpsons #1 not a reprint. 
Where's principle skinner?
Someone link the spongebob song. 
Youll laugh so hard you swear youll die, when worlds collide!
DAE lazy as fuck redditors? lmgtfy.com

Mom and Mr. Burns working together, that's a scary thought.
The crazy cat lady should be standing with the old guy from the Simpsons!
No Nelson.
Where's waldo?
Does anyone understand whats going on with Cletus/blob monster?
Ol' Gill is finally networking, meeting the movers and shakers and... Aww, now why'd he have to go and do that. 
Ned and Robot Devil
God damn, I think I had the comic this is from, it's gotta be going on for ten years old.
Futurama is 10 years old? Woah.
Futurama is 14 years old. First episode: March 28, 1999
But now I feel old.
I wish Kang and Kodos made regular appearances on Futurama
Well, technically Kang and Kodos don't exist as they only show up in Treehouse of Horror episodes.
...that doesn't mean they can't be on Futurama..If we are being "technical" then none of the characters exist. They are fictional
No, but The Simpsons is a television series in the Futurama universe, proven when Fry and Leela land on the big ball of garbage and Fry sees a pile of Bart Simpson dolls.
you are thinking way too into this. i just want 2 fictional aliens to be in another show..really? like if this happened if they were off in the background would you be upset about the lack of continuity..for god's sake Homer is in the head museum
Where the hell is homer? 
Clogging the transport tube
Roberto running off with Snake...awesome!!!
I love how Ralph is getting presents from robot Santa
Krabappel would get with Zapp...
She's a desperate woman.  Zapp is hitting on her because he can sense her desperation.  He probably had a desperation-sensing gland surgically installed to make finding 'willing' women easier...
Zapp is hitting on her because Zapp.
I like the cops from both series casually sharing donuts with each other while shit hits the fan.
Any one have a nicer wall paper version?
so much of this makes sense. they really should make at least one collab episode.
 You do know that Matt created both shows, right?
yep, thats why i think having a collaboration episode would works so well.
Took me a while to find Homer.
What happened to Kif's butt?
I remember this from a Futurama comic from Croatia.Didn't understand a word but got it anyway.
YOU CAN RUN...
I have this comic, haven't thought about it in years, I know what I'm doing with the rest of my day. 
I seriously "heard" Moe saying "Come . !!" to the suicide booth..Figures.
I have this comic!!
[deleted]
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I think it's just an alien NNYC resident. He appeared in "Less Than Hero" (S4E4) distressed over a cat stuck in a tree; Cloberella gets the cat down and the alien promptly eats it.
He's from the scene where Fry says something like "I fit in perfectly Leela, New Yorkers are my people!" And he passes the alien and says "What up?" and the alien replies "Yo"
Where is LRRR RULER OF THE PLANET OMICRON PERSEI 8?
is there anyway to get this in poster form?
Anyone know what the alien text in the lower right says?
"THE END"  It's the last page in ...Also the Slurm sign says 'ink', probably Drink (Slurm).
Ok I see Homer but where is the Professor? And why not Zoidberg?
Is this what it's like?
No homer?
He's stuck in the pipe on the right.
Mom and Mr. Burns, a match made in heaven.
It took me a while to find Homer
Took me some time to find homer stuck in the tube :D. 
Where is Homer? Ah there he is, classic Homer.
I had this comic!
I feel as if Bart should have been on a hoverboard of some sort.
Where's Homer?
Stuck in the tube on the way to the bar
Where's Grandpa Simpson?
Needs hyper chicken and Lionel hutz.And where is Nelson?
should be Troy McClure in the Convertible 
I think I have this issue
This is awesome. Can anyone photoshop the crease out of the middle?
Where was this from? 
Missing: Farnsworth and Frink
Scruffy as well.
He's on break.
Teaching children the difference between "principle" and "principal".
Touch 
I love Fry's comment
(V)(;,,;)(V).Why not Zoidberg?
At least you've tried.
Maggie should be on the Scooty Puff Jr.
I like how Robot Santa Claus is putting his guns away whilst talking to ralph - indicating that ralph is equal to or greater zoidberg levels of good/nice.
I thought he was getting them out to shut the stupid little bastard up
Wait... where is Zoidberg?
And Amy and the Professor and Hermes and and and and OTHER PEOPLE 
Why is Clamps using a gun and not the clamps??
Never bring clamps to a gunfight. 
Unless you want the CLAMPS! 
CLAMPS? CLAAAAMPS? I'LL SHOW YOU CLAMPS!
Moleman so unlucky he doesn't even have a Futurama counterpart :(
Needs slurms and duffman
They're too busy partying it up.

Fucking THPS2
God I thought I was the only one who thought of this when I saw the title. Far too many hours of my youth spent on a PS1 and THPS2.
Ironic that you can unlock the space level after achieving everything
From ., I believe.
Yep, it was an impulsive buy, but it's a great read and well made. 
True, neither does the poor hapless sewer mutant..Wait a minute....
Never realized how similar these two worlds were and how easily they fit together.
Well the animation is virtually identical. It's pretty hard to miss. 
Except for the jaundice.
This picture is awesome.  Can't believe they didn't include Kang and Kodos though, seems like a natural fit.
In a showdown with Lrr and Ndnd.
FTFY
FTFY
My favorite part might be the Simpsons Mafia and the Robot Mafia in a shootout - with the Springfield and New New York police force watching the show while eating donuts.
Love that but I think Moe at the suicide booth is tops for me. 
I think I gotta give it up to Zap Brannigan hitting up Edna Krabappel while Kif drunks himself into a stupor next to Carl and Lenny
I think that the Robot Devil chasing Flanders is a callback to Flanders starring as the Devil in a Treehouse of Horror.
[deleted]
I would think that Wiggum would be like Zoidberg...
Mine too! He's the only person Robot Santa wouldn't murder.
Moleman stands alone.
Of course Old Gil gets blown up by Crazy Eddie. Of course.
*Malfunctioning Eddie
Things are really lookin' up for old Gil
I absolutely love these kinds of pictures.
do you know of anything similar?
If you want more, just read . It's where the image is from and is a brilliant read for Futurama and Simpsons lovers.

I've got all of the Futurama/Simpsons crossover comics if you want ..
Reminds me of "Where's Waldo?". MAD magazine would also do two page spreads like this where a lot of characters and scenarios would be going down. I specifically remember one about Woodstock because it had cartoon tits in it and ten year old me felt like a bad ass having a dirty magazine..Edit: 
There was a Simpsons treehouse of horror book with a very similar picture, of Rigel 7 aliens attacking Springfield.
Is Rigel 7 not Kang and Kodos planet?
Yes? That's who I meant. The "street-scene-from-up-high-with-loads-of-shit-happening" is how it's similar.
I'm pretty sure he meant it in a "mashing two different shows together", kind of thing.
Well I'm still interested in other Futurama or Simpsons spreads like this, incase anyone knows any.
It is  a picture taken from . , it is four different storys about the Simpsons and Futurama meeting up in each others world. The last 20 pages show a lot of cool concept art of the two together.
Took me a while to find Homer, but when I did it was just perfect. Get's stuck in the tube trying to get to the bar. Of course! lols
haha when I found him it instantly reminded me of when he got lodged inside a water slide! 
Ha.  I knew they couldn't leave Homer out!!!!  
I was like, the fuck is Homer?.Took me a while too
Ho-mer? Who is Ho-mer? My name is Guy Incognito. 
Thanks! I was looking for him
do you know where I can get a download of all of futurama? I am doing the whole developers tools thing and downloading a bunch of .flv files but it's getting pretty tedious. =/
well i run IDM (internet download manager) since a while ago. it will download ANY streaming video you see in browser to mp4 (usually, some will always be flv). if you want you can use torrents i guess. usually get better quality.
I posted this morning and really thought it would be buried. My daughter is only four but we enjoy watching the (four year old friendly) episodes of Futurama together. .Her dad is the mastermind behind it and while it didn't play the tone or speak the words, it definitely said "I WUV MY MOMMY" inside.
What does this post have to do with futurama?
Its a card from Futurama, the . . episode. .EDIT: sorry, i watched both last night and got them confused i guess.
Actually, the Mothers Day episode.
whoops
doodoo doo doodoo
Can someone help me out - what's the connection to futurama?
I had no idea what I was reading until the last 2 lines.
I'll always be grateful,.That you took Dad's salami.
Aaaah.  Communist Greeting Cards.  This is exactly what every Huggable Industrialist needs.
Yes! In your face, Gandhi!
It's fine. .It's not an important date, like your Cake Day.
Does he not know? 
He knows not!
Knows not does he?
He does not know!
.....
And the last two lines, inside the card...?
I heard the Jingle in my head at the end.
Eheheheheheh bender laugh
Destroy all humans!
Here you go friend: 
I love my Mommy. .Hope that little communist bastard didn't pop out and try to kill you. 
Did it talk when you opened it?
I sure hope so. Also have a nice day of cake.
Oh shit it's my cake day? Rad.
Totally.
Awesome.  Awesome to the MAX!
What day is today, it's gumdr0ps cakeday
...and you smell like one too!
Comrades! Throw off the chains of human oppression!
I wuv my mommy.
This "wuv" intrigues me.  Teach me to fake it
Just make up some emotions and pretend you're having them. 

For some reason the "Behold!" makes me laugh the hardest.
This concept of "wuv" confuses and infuriates me!
Clearly it says love.No "wuv" see. With an earth 'W'
Triple U..I'm just some guy... RULER OF THE PLANET OMICRON PERSEI 8!
awww, ishn't daht cyooot?
About 30 seconds in 
When i grow up i wanna be a steam shovel!!
never noticed that before, brilliant
Roddenberry was one cool dude. 
The joke 
'M Class Planet' is a Star Trek term, and Gene Roddenberry is the creator of Star Trek.
Thank you for enlightening me.
Fry is surprisingly under-looked, but he's the smartest dumbest character I know. Still more popular than the female characters.
Glurmo-"We will be there soon enough"
Fry="But that isn't soon enough"

Hey I just did it off memory so I'll take the reasonable closeness I had 
The wiki says that there were 10 second "Previously on Futurama:" segments before each episode, so there's something.
hmmm I was hoping for something more exciting ha
Shut up baby, I know it!
lela is  so hot when wet
I just watched this episode no more than two hours ago! Gets me every time
Grunka Lunka dunkity dingredient,
You should not ask about the secret ingredient.
So why can't fox pick this show back up? Instead we're getting some "Regular Show" wannabe called "ADHD"? 
This is how I see futurama fans who want the show to be cancelled.
I hope Satan has a nice colon, 'cause that's where you're gonna be living!
We need more special sauce...can you help me put this mayonnaise out in the sun for a while?
Yo.
What episode is this from?
Oh my... I thought for a sec it was a still from family guy with a Scruffy-like walrus. And then I saw the others. So ashamed.
Naturama I think it is called.
Honestly I felt like this was a cheap joke, uncharacteristic of Futurama. 
Actually its outdated "current" jokes and special guest stars that make me cringe..Bender touring with Beck, Vista jokes, etc
Upvote for leaving title of show in picture. 
Happy cakeday.
I dont remember this episode. and I am fairly confident i've seen them all. Which is it from?
no, this is why futurama after the end of the original series sucks. Nothing stands alone anymore, it's all topical humor. The show is set 1000 years in the future, and yet we're supposed to go along with a joke implying windows vista is still a thing?
Vista isn't so bad, it works pretty well fo
It's the little things :)
Oddly, in the TV broadcasts, he says "Windows 7" instead.
Next time it airs on TV it will probably poke at windows 8
Funny how I had no problems with Vista and am using 8 right now and love it. 
That made me upset 
I haven't really used 8 but I used vista for 2 years before upgrading. It wasn't as bad as everyone said it was.  Having configured some 2012 servers I have to say that it's some frustrating stuff right there.  Why change the layout of the server interface it doesn't need to be pretty. 
I had to do 2008 for a class and messed around with 2003 and 2012.  That was annoying D:
There were two big issues with vista:.These things colored people's view of Vista, and it stuck around even after vista had become usable. 7 brought the essential amount of RAM down to 1GB and was tested in the community much better before being released, and because of that, it didn't have as many driver issues. This is the main reason switching to 7 felt like such an improvement for so many people.
I feel like I had minimal issues with Vista, however I built my own rig and had the minimum requirements for the hardware covered. Driver issues I googled for solutions.
Windows 7 is actually pretty good though.
Yes, but remember the joke about Dwight using the penny left over from Hermes' gift? He said he's buy 5 shares of Amazon.com...they're at 260+ a share right now..Joke is still funny regardless.
Ooooh, a risk taker!
Into the Wild Green Yonder.
This is the only thing I really don't like about Futurama and the people that make it, their hate for anything Windows. If you have listened to their commentaries they have bashed Windows multiple times and praise Apple continually.
No... they make fun of apple as well. Remember the whole EyePhone episode? It's pretty much an evil ploy from Mom to make everyone buy more stupid EyePhones.
My favorite part was the description. "Okay, it's $500, you have no choice of carrier, the battery can't hold a charge and the reception isn't very...".Sounds like the 1st Gen iPhone on AT&T (and AT&T only) to a T.
Listen to the developer commentary on that episode, they talk about how awesome they think Apple crap is the whole time and make it clear they're not trying to make Apple look bad. 
you'r an idiot
Actually the windows hate is pretty overdone in the show and always comes off as petty. You only have to watch a few episodes to know the writers are pretty passionate about their fruit computers, along with a lot of their political views..Edit: a quick google search pulls up even more apple/windows jokes. Also, a neat bit of trivia, Matt Groening used to make print advertisements for Apple long before The Simpsons.
Nice try . clippy
Except for the MAC-formatted robot Lucy Lu army that terrorized New New York city..Or the EYE-Phone that turned out to be a conspiracy by MOM to brainwash people into buying more EYE-Phones..Or the unreliable judge on the human hating robot planet that looked oddly similar to an original Macintosh..As for their ....
Besides gay rights they don't address politics very much
If you listen to the DVD commentaries of those very episodes they're praising Apple the whole time and they make it clear they aren't making fun of them nor do they hate Apple by anymeans. 
I'm just saying for people who supposedly 'love' apple they are not shy of self parody.
Yeah, except for . episode, and . one, and . one, and . one.
I meant they don't take a stance with one party or another. They approach it just like south park, making fun of every side
This is why Futurama went from great to pretty average. The overuse of present day references despite the show being set 1000 years in the future. 
Hey Look! It's the Beastie Boys' heads in jars!
Was just about to say... this joke/reference is pretty awful.  Now how does this have 1000 upvotes when every single comment condemns the post?  /shrug
The occasional head in jar reference and occasional reference to our century makes sense cos of Fry obviously. But when other characters and entire episodes, like the eyephone one, start doing it it is so tacky. IMO Comedy central Futurama was comparatively terrible. 
I'm bugged that all of these "Why I love Futurama" posts are always the worst throwaway jokes. 
For the jokes? I think that's why most people like it too.
90's kids "like" this.
DAE get Futurama jokes? 
Love the yellow font on yellow background.....
Round here, Netflix uses yellow subtitles. I don't like yellow subtitles :(
Oh my god I didn't even notice words until I saw your comment.
Because they made a Vista joke?...I love Futurama as much as the next redditor but this isn't close to one of their real witty ones.
Yeah, especially since it doesn't make a lot of sense. Windows Vista in the year 3000?
If you've used Vista for a long time, it's pretty witty.  Vista was terrible..That said, it wasn't terribly funny.
Vista was no Windows Me
Very true, but I don't think most people ever used it.
It's a 1000 year old joke! I always found it awkward when they made jokes about a specific current technology. They did a better joke in one of the early episodes about "Windows 3000".
Tron Legacy. Episode was pretty good up until that glaringly awful reference.
Remember that Calculon was close to 1000 years old, and was all of history's great acting robots -  Acting Unit 0.8, Thespa-mat, David Duchovny...
At least he didn't make the title "it's the little things..."
Yeah, instead he used the only other title that people overuse.  . much better.
This is why I love the little things.
You sir get an up vote! I can't tell you how many times I was like, "sweet a new episode!" and half way though I remember one of the jokes
 Escaping!
As a girl- I feel really bad that I only have enough talent to paint solid colors... :(
The only thing that would have made it better is if Fry had a true FryFro.
So long. I'm off to toss this old shell in the dumpster and maybe pick up those potato chips Amy didn't finish yesterday.
those were toenail clippings!
How hot is it?
Its so hot I poured McDonalds coffee in my lap to cool off. Hahaha.... Johnny Carson said it.
No he didn't 
IS THIS REALLLLLLL???????
See that wire on Jezebel? Do you think she is a spy?
Looks like a "stray hair" to me
Maaaayybe.... But I think it would a better storyline if they fell in love while Jezebel was trying to catch him...
Bite my glorious golden ass. 
you made your own bender with ink and starwars!
Looks great! Now if we could sell these and stickers without running afoul of copyright law...
Of course, it's not the entire Goldbach conjecture, nor is it elementary. Oh well.
I read it in his voice.
Yes, you are ghe very first person to ever make this connection, ever. We all feel like that all the time. 
Go die
You can't just sit in the dark and listen to classical music all day
*and turned the stereo off. Sorry bro, just had to correct that
I couldve if you hadn't turned the lights on and stopped the music
Very very NICE
You must be close with your brother in law...
champaign....
And you smell like one, too!
I just watched this episode!
Better love story than Twilight.
Oh god, the feels! Why Scruffy, why?
This is the single greatest moment in the history of television. 
This episode was awesome and this part was one of the top moments in Futurama all time IMO.
This is my favorite episode of Futurama for sure.
Leave now wash bucket, before I beg you to stay...
For our wedding, my wife made . out of Sculpey and used them on the groom's cake. 
Why not post the damn video of it--the gif is like a sandy handy when I was hoping for more. 
I like the idea that scruffy just past up the opportunity to bang Amy.
What about Bucket?
Wait, when was this?? 
"Prisoner of Benda", the episode with all the bodyswitching.  That's how Washbucket ended up in Amy's body.
Season 6, Prisoner of Benda
Scruffy is always there to make the tough decision..
as soon as I saw the title I knew scruffy x bucket was here
why can't I hold all my feels
would it make a bad man to want to make sweet love to that mop bucket?... 'cause I totally would
 they missed out the crying part :(
So forbidden.
I've never seen him so down, or ever before.
Bender's love for Bender is unparalleled..Never underestimate Bender's love.  
wait what episode was this from?
Season 6, Prisoner of Benda
thanks bud!
look at his eyes! he was actually reading the magazine for the articles!
Couldn't this have been a link to the vid? 
This gif was 40% longer than the longest gif I've seen thus far
Fair warning that on Netflix it's listed under Season 7, as Season 6 is 'the movies'..EDIT: It starts at the last 5 minutes of the episode for those looking.
In that case what does Netflix consider season 5?
The lost episodes are season 5.  
Netflix uses Fox's broadcast seasons rather than The Curiosity Company's production seasons. So, ., which was produced in the middle of TCC's 4th season (and is available on the season 4 DVD set), is Fox's Season 5 premiere.
When the picture was loading on my phone, I expected it to be Bender and the Crushinator. Still wasn't disappointed. 
I can't help but read ' the Crushinator' in a southern US accent, brilliant
I was expecting it to be Smitty and URL. 
Admit it we ALL read that in their voices
I don't remember wash buckets voice, so I just read her part as sort of a monotonous Amy
IT LEFT OUT THE "Ayup"
This is my favorite scene in the history of Futurama.
I'd be perfectly content if, after this next season is over, one or two of the writers just set up a twitter account with occasional new Scruffyisms..Or a spin-off. Maybe Scruffy in Paraguay.
I would love to see a Scruffy based short series
Hm, I feel like Scruffy only works as a side character though.
I disagree, side characters make perfect spin-off shows. I am so sad that Cleveland from family guy never got his own show.
If this is a joke, I don't get it
A greater tragedy, my eyes have never beheld. Welp, into the turlet.
No, because then most people would've just skipped over it.  Some redditors rarely click video links.
Guilty as charged, officer.
Yeah, fuck them. If that is the reason this isn't a vid, then OP is a karma whore, and if you seriously believe this submission should be a gif, you are a fool. 
I don't think it's karma whoring at all. If you make a post, you want people to see it, regardless of whether or not you get karma. OP wanted people to see "The True Love Story of Futurama." If it had been a video, most people, myself included, would've skipped over it. But because it was a gif, people viewed it. With Reddit Enhancement Suite, you have the option to view all images (which includes gifs) on any page you view. So if you're scrolling down the front page, all image posts are visible without clicking on the links. A lot of people use RES. RES does not do the same thing for videos as it does for gifs. By making his post a gif, OP saved all of the people who viewed his post and use RES a little bit of time, which is why - in this case - OP is NOT a faggot.
In RES you can also open video windows right there. 
Also, I'd rather see something of quality than a shitty gif. Without the audio, this loses its poignant yet comedic bite. 
I thought the gif looked fine. Not shitty at all. If the audio means that much, then you can find the clip and watch it.
But if the clip means that much, post it in its entirety. 
It means that much to you. If YOU want to see the clip, go look it up yourself. OP does not have to post things to suit your desires. 
OP can refrain from karma whoring. It's insincere. 
How is OP karma whoring? He wanted people to see his post, which is something we all do when we post. There's not point in posting stuff it's not going to be seen.

Even still, most people don't take the extra two seconds it takes to click the button. People are fine with losing a bit of content for the sake of convenience. By posting it as a give, content isn't lost.
I don't get this. This is long enough that it should just be a video.
I wouldn't have watched it if it were a video, I admit. I'm too lazy.
Also HoverZoom lets me look at gifs without clicking the link, something it doesn't do for videos..In all honesty I skip over plenty of video links simply because I'm too lazy to open them.
I enjoy gifs more because this there's never sound I can watch them care free in class
Ah, fuck you and be a better student. 
Scruufy's gonna die the way he lived.

Dern it.
Accidentally opened two things in RES at once, this and another song. . was the result. :(
holy crap that was weird. 
Chris Hadfield is amazing. 
Woah, I paused that very song to look at your link... Freaky
So many feels...
Ugh, I hate these fucking ninjas peeling onions when I'm on reddit.
Scruffy believes in this company.
Who's that? I've never seen him before.
I've never seen you before neither.
"Somebody called the Robot Devil's here to see somebody called Fry."
Scruffy. The janitor.
Yup
In fact he owns 40,000 shares of Planet Express because 
My favorite part about this is how unhesitantly Scruffy accepts that it's Wash Bucket in Amy's body, and I don't think it's just for the sake of narrative convenience. You can just expect about anything at Planet Express.
I think it might have been the voice that gave it away. 
That's what I'll miss most about Futurama... absurdity is commonplace. I hope the writers team up for another show.
Futurama Season 8 in three years time?
Eh, I kind of wish they'd take this cancellation as an opportunity to try something new.
<cry cry cry cry> yep
I am disappointed that part was cut off. That's why I watched the whole thing!
For a comedy, Futurama sure has all the feels. 
I know that quote from InFamous 2
yep
mmm hmm
Try . on for size :)
"Backwards time travel made easy"
Wicked, good looking out.
I have Googled and found the answer key for the alien language. Sorry I can't provide it but I easily found it. I have successfully used it. Do a little digging and you shall find it, my friend. 
I mean there are still 13 episodes left to air this summer
I guess a robot would have to be crazy to wanna be a folk singer...
Represent
PS! These are magnets!
I was gonna say they better be.
Bender crack corn and I don't care..
It's "Bender cracked corn and he is great / Take that you stupid corn!"
$50.00
Best I can do is $15
tree fiddy.
They are futurama action figures...
hang on to them for another 50 years and they will be worth a fortune... I hope.
Nothing useful.  I'd be torn as to what to do in your situation.  I'd really have to resist the urge to take Bender out of the box and bit his shiny ("tin-ny"?) metal ass.
I know that those are AWESOME! 
Uh, yeah, they're mine. I er...left them by accident when I umm...fell. I'll pm my address so you can return them.
I've not heard of one but it seems likely they would make such a set. They could have it shaped like the Planet Express Ship! (That opens to reveal all the discs)
A man can dream. 
So that's what it'd be like if I'd invented the Fing-longer. 
I'd rather like a Fing-longer in a BluRay box instead of the ship. I could press the eject button while sitting.
Nice idea. If you were really precise you could probably pick the disc up with it too :D
What am I missing?
How?
Because Hubert Jr. and Prof. Farnsworth are sued by mom for tampering with Bender?.Shit I thought you guys were fans.
I slightly modified a thing I own! I'm a monster!
One of my favorite episodes. 
... in what way exactly?
I don't care what people think. I believe humans exist. 
Looks good, but is it on your heel?
Yep heal.  I had to hide it in my shoe.
This has to be the worst trailer ever made. 90 seconds showing one scene that tells you nothing about the movie. How they make that into an hour and a half i have no clue.
kill all humans?
What?!
Sounds a little Marxian

What?!
 I believe this is what you are looking for..EDIT: . are the comments from what I believe is the OP. My imgur link isn't from the OP, btw. I saved the pic to my computer and uploaded it here now lol. Have a great day! :).(V) (;,,,;) (V)
You are awesome! Thank youuuu! 
You're very welcome :)
"Wait, I'll save us by cutting the unbreakable diamond filiment!"
20,000 leagues under the sea to the center of the Earth! 
I would like to see Jim Carrey do the physical acting for Roberto, but Dave Herman can still do the voice over, I love Roberto's voice too much.
Ken Jeong as Mr. Wong, they have the same laugh! 
George Clooney as Zapp Brannigan 
John C. Reilly as Bender. 
Seth Green as Fry
Simon Pegg for Fry. 
Clint Eastwood as the professor
I would say get the original voice actors for Futurama and just make them look like the characters  
James Franco as Fry?
Close... but I have a hard time imagining Franco really capture the essence of Fry.
James Franco should play the hippie who gets eaten by Lrrrr
Seth Green would probably make a good Fry
It would probably be Michael Cera, idk how I feel about that either. 
Cera is too girly, Fry may be pathetic, but it's that masculine kind of pathetic.  
I think that Jesse Eisenberg would be better but I can't help think it would be anybody but Cera. 
I dunno if I'm just shit at separating actors from characters, but it still just feels like the wrong kind of awkward. What about that fella from New Girl who isn't Jewish or black, how he does that character seems quite close to how the right actor would do Fry, pretty clueless socially, in that stereotypically male way, without being all manly, just bumo up the dumb and awkward and you're done.  The more I'm typing though the more I realise I'm just thinking of live-action characters I know that are somewhat similar.  I should get better at art thinking.  
I don't think that is so much separating actors from characters but allowing somebody to play that character.  We, of course, look at the characters that actors play because that is the natural thing to do, probably why a lot of people get type casted.  Actors are actors for a reason and I'm sure with the right director they would get to role pretty close for fans satisfaction. .Realistically I can't think of anybody I would want to play fry but I wouldn't have a problem with Eisenberg, Chris Pratt but he is probably way to tall,  maybe Samberg, and Adam Scott come to my head first. 
Alan Tudyk, perhaps?
I remember seeing a post on a website that already did this and it aced it..Chris Lloyd from Back in the future as the Professor,
Lucy Lui as Amy Wong,
Will ferrel as Zapp Brannigan..The true question is who will play Bender and Zoidberg
Then who would play Lucy Lui's head in a jar? :)
I think they would just use CGI/motion capture for bender and maybe zoidberg. John Dimaggio and Billy West would still provide the voices of course :)
You can't go wrong with them
Lauren Tom. 
I'd like to see Gene Wilder play the professor.
Ben Kingsley! 
Or Steve Martin.
An American Patrick Stewart. 
It would have to be the actual voice actors or else it wouldn't feel right.  I mean, come on.  Bender without Bender's voice?  The Professy without his voice?!  No thanks.  
They could dub over it like a old kung fu movie.  I actually think it would be hilarious and awesome if they did. 
Truth
It would be pretty hard for Billy West to play both Fry and the Professor in a live action movie.  Not impossible though.
Also Zoidberg
Can't forget about Zoidberg!
Need a hollywood movie?.WHY NOT ZOIDBERG
And Zap
Betty White should play Mom
Jessica Walter. 
from season 2 episode 5 - why must i be a crustacean in love for anyone wondering
its not that its a kegelcizer but the amount of weight that bitch is lifting
Serious. When you watch the scene she's going at it.
Can someone explain?
It's a machine for doing kegels in public 
Gross haha
Didn't know what kegels were, my bad thanks
TIL something new about my body
Oh! Sorry, I had a hunch that that was it. Yeah, kegels exercise a muscle near the bladder, womb, and vagina. Doing them is good for bladder control, vaginal tightness, and helps ease birth giving. 
They mention in the commentary that this is probably the dirtiest joke in the series.
They should do a web series for futurama.  Most fans are Internet savvy.  
I would rather have a new show with the same writers
I love Futurama and even the new season. They cancel it for no reason at all.
more better. 
Where do I sign to have it retroactively cancelled after season 4?
Ugh, it asks for way too much personal info. I just signed my name Ice E. Wiener.
It's already been "saved" once, and it's cancelled again.  Time to let this thing rest in peace.
Guys I really think we should let the show go. If we keep going, we'll run the thing right into the ground.
Sorry, but petitions aren't for things like this. Let capitalism do its job, someone will realize eventually this show makes money and has a fan base that appreciates it.
I love the show.  The show needs to end.  It had a good run, and it should stop while it's (arguably) ahead.

I'm happy with the existing seasons..I'd rather the show be cancelled now, as opposed to seeing it grow stale and boring.
Just let Futurama die in peace, it is well past its prime. ;_;.Enjoy the episodes we already have come to love and be happy with that.
It had its run. .Let it go. .Be happy that we got so many laughs from such a talented team and memorable show.
I also am pleased with what we have, but don't need more.
I don't think it should turn into some zombie show that is dragging on long past the time it should've died.  It's been resurrected a few times, and it was good, but damnit, we can't keep doing this.
Vote with your damn wallets. Internet petitions are shit and everyone knows it.
I liked Tosh's "We will be right back with Futurama, for good this time?"
[deleted]
No. Just let it slip quietly away. 
Singed. I really hope this would save this.
Good luck!
come on. futurama has had a great run let it die while it still has some dignity left.
Is there also a sign up to let it have a respectable death?
I'd rather have them end Futurama while they are on top, rather than run it into the ground after many years like The Simpsons.
I'd be happy if they simply kept making straight to DVD type movies again.
100% agreed.  I read something a day or so ago (no doubt linked here) saying they'd expressed interest in making more movies/straight to DVD/whatever after the show is off the air.  I'm completely fine with that, I honestly feel like the longer format lets them tell a better story and set up better jokes than limiting it to 30 minutes (less with commercials.)  Television is going the way of the dodo anyway.
Let it die. It's run it's course. 
Quantity < Quality
Nope.
Done
Volibear. I think a move to Netflix would be best for the show. Most people I know only watch the seasons as they come to Netflix anyway.
Wtf. Do you folks even .?
I. C. Wiener*
They cancel it because it is a long running show. A tv show is lucky if they can make it more than 3-5 seasons and look where Futurama has ended up. Canceled and re-instated several times but it does not have the character depth to last anywhere near as long as Doctor Who or Star Trek which at this point is about 50 years each with new episodes of Doctor Who still being produced to this day
Character depth does not exist in comedy. I love the witty humor surrounding the characters not the characters themselves. Look at simpsons - is Bart deeper than Fry?
Scrubs had a good eight year run with their original cast and they had plenty of depth.
Honestly couldn't say, as I am not a simpsons fan and have not had cable for the better part of a decade. Everything I want to watch can be found online
You can't be watching Futurama or any comedy for that matter if you don't think character depth is there.
Isn't that the goal of the petition?
Because Doctor Who was never good in the first place.
The show was cancelled because it obviously wasn't bringing in the viewers like it used to. There's no point in bringing back a show again and again if nobody watches.
And I was only continuing to watch it in the hopes that a new episode would actually be of the same quality as the older episodes, 80% of the time I was disappointed.
I think the newer seasons are the best.
I'm with many of the other people here.  I'd rather see Futurama tie up storylines and bow out gracefully with an awesome final season than continue on the way of the Simpsons.  It's times to let these lovely characters go before they turn into crappy shells of their former selves.
I'm not afraid to admit that I absolutely hated the newer seasons of Futurama. I loved the original four seasons, and if the show had stayed the same show I would definitely be voting to save it.
I'm going to get some hate but the last season made me uneasy it was too gory. Gallows humor in cartoons is unsettling to me the way they did it..Edit: I love the previous seasons so I'm on the fence here.
Leela and Amy never got any good stories or scenes in the last series either. Just "Phwoar, eh? Eh?" crap. Seemed juvenile, they used to be actual characters rather than token women.
Why would they need so much of my personal information just to ask to save a show? I'm not signing that. I'm just going to cross my fingers that Netflix steps in and saves it like Arrested Development. 
Stop with this already. The show needs to end, if you extend it longer than it should go it's just gonna be unfunny and make you angry. The show is done. It had a great run. It's been 14 years. Let it die in peace.
It's been 7 seasons.  Also, Groening has stated that he has more stories to tell.
Still 14 years, which seems like forever. I just really think it's run its course. Maybe they can make a new show that will 1-up Futurama, mainly because it would be something new and fresh
We would rather see a great show end on a high note than have it drag on an on. The only valid reason to keep a show running past its prime is syndication rights, and Futurama already has them.
I am part of "we" too.  I disagree and I think it be awesome if the show could continue. 
It is a generalization. But when a TV show runs too long it loses a lot in quality. Shows like the Simpsons or Doctor Who are the exceptions and not the rule to follow.
Fucking arrogant.  If I was the writers and creators and all the talent that goes into making something like that and then had "supportive fans like you" I'd be pretty damn bummed out. 
Don't get me wrong, if the show can continue without a decline in quality, then it should continue. But Futurama has already reached it's prime. I'd rather have Matt work on something new than to have him working on two decades-long shows, you know?.I'd love to see that these writers, creators, and talent are doing more than just the one thing, not because I don't like this, but I recognize that it is not perpetual..It's like always expecting Kevin Conroy to voice Batman, or demanding that Family Matters never got canceled. Sometimes, it just needs to end.
Then why not let Matt, David, and all the other talent figure WHAT THEY like to do before calling for the end.  I just think its incredibly fucked that these guys gave us so much gold and after they came back for the fans, the majority of  fans on r/futurama are all like "meh, not as good as it used to by, better kill it."  This backlash is killing any momentum for someone else to give enough funds to give futurama resources to continue being awesome.  Instead, IF, they get picked, it'll be for a song and it will suck.  Goddamn, if you don't want to the show to continue, shut the fuck up.  ITS CANCELLED.  Why spoil it for the rest of how like it?  You DON'T HAVE TO WATCH IT if it returns.   
You don't have to get so defensive, friend..My reasoning for agreeing that it should be cancelled is the fact that many times in this industry a show will be extended for longer than it was originally intended, not because the creators wanted to do it but rather because the Executives think they can make more money with a limping horse..Nearly every show that is extended in this manner losses quality as the writers struggle to find new material for them. People are already calling this for Futurama. If it continues longer, there is a chance that, like Heroes, it becomes a black mark against the creator instead of something warmly received for its original context..More importantly than all of my arguments against trying to force them to extend the show again is your own point. .. Why force the executives, who may have another new show lined up to replace it, to bring back this one? Why force Matt to go back to this show, when he may be working on something new?
Give me a break with all your speculation.  The fact of the matter is YOU don't know what the folks at the show want.  You just want it to be tied up in a nice little package, regardless that this show is people's jobs.  Man, some people forget that.  Its like telling a band that you "support" yeah man I hope you guys quit 'cause you suck now.  People that make stuff don't owe you anything.  If anything, the fans owe them.  But I just feel its appalling how self centered r/futurama has been in light of the cancellation news.  Anyway I hope everyone whose sympathetic to your opinions chokes on some Torgo's Executive Powder.
Such hatred on your side doesn't endear yourself to anyone. I mean, how would you like to be the creator of the show, and see comments like "They should continue the show, because fuck you."?

I just watched the newest episodes and they were so awful. The one where Zoidberg is invisible and the one where we meet the professors parents. Seriously the professors parents? This show is done...
Careful signing petition sites, you might be in for a lot of spam.
I used an alt email to find out how much spam.  It will be interesting.
I love the show and but I think it's time for it to come to an end.
There's a huge circlejerk going on in this thread.
Im on the fence as well.. I love the show but Id be afraid it would start to become Family Guy or the Simpsons where for every good season we get 3 or four horrible ones now 
The thing about the Simpsons is that the show is different, but its still actually very good. .The jokes and plot arcs are still very strong. .People like to complain about the Simpsons losing it's touch, but its just the viewers losing their grasp on what they like.
Do we even know if the people who work on futurama even want to continue working on it? I mean regardless of the canceling of the show Invader Zim, The creator, Jhonen Vasquez also did not want to continue working on more episodes. Do we want to try and force more creative juices out of people who have honestly produced plenty?
Yup, they have said they still have story to tell and would love to make more episodes if the demand for it is out there. ."As you might expect, neither Cohen nor Groening are convinced this is the true end of Futurama. Groening told Entertainment Weekly, Itd be a shame if we all went our separate ways [after this season]. We would love to continue. We have many more stories to tell. But if we dont, this is a really great way to go out."
I feel like if Matt Groening wanted to continue the show, he could make it happen.
No. Dont zombify my love.leave it dead. Start new show with same writers.
same universe, maybe even an alternative one set in one of the many universes the professor(s) created. 
Exactly. I almost wish The Simpons had been cancelled 12 seasons ago instead of being run into the ground. What good is another 3 seasons of disappointment?? I prefer ending on a high point than suffocating under a pile of mediocrity and forced episodes that didn't have soul behind them.
asks for too much personal info
And then sneakily trying to sign you up for Anti-Gun information before you sign.
Nope. I think futurama should die in peace. A good final season and I'll be happy.
exactly
Candle that burns twice as bright burns half as long. ehyup. 
Now I'm gonna go fix that clogged turlet...
life and death are an endless continuum, mhyup. 
Nah, it had a good run
Indeed..I would rather sign a petition for "give Futurama a good ending" rather than "keep making episodes until they suck". We all know what happens when you drag tv shows too long.
Simpsons did it!
Sorry, guys, but I feel like we're coming to the point where fan demand for more Futurama is like a Spa 5 for the production team. I love the show, and was even pleased with the quality of the new seasons, but this show doesn't even have the usual compelling reasons to keep it going (unresolved plot arcs, under explored main characters, and the like). .I love this show and it's characters, but at this point I'd just as soon see something new from these skillful creative minds.
I'd be ok if they did something new too but if they don't I'll just be sad.
I believe it's a petition for Comedy Central and not for the production team.
It's better than Family Guy, South Park and The Simpsons.
I think each does its own thing very well. The Simpsons is a mirror on our society, while Futurama is more of an anthropological satire. By removing itself from the people it satirizes by 1000 years, they strip off the details and boil down to the generalities (except when celebrity heads are involved). Family Guy and South Park are similar in their focus on specific pop cultural phenomena and granular trivia, with the key difference being that South Park toys with plot arc..The Simpsons and Family Guy are limited by the family frame. The nature of relationships between characters is underwritten by parental/child roles. While Futurama and South Park scarcely take advantage of their characters' relative freedom to change the way they interact (eg. Leela falling for Fry, Kyle despising Cartman more and more over time), just having an adult cast of unrelated characters gives a few more possible interactions, IMHO.
Is there a petition to euthanize the show with dignity?.Suicide booth?
I think they've chosen Slow and Painful....EDIT: Reddit Gold for this?  Unexpected but appreciated.  Thanks a bunch!
I think this is the only subreddit that will have an honest opinion about its show. . is a joke now.
Have you been to .? They've been frothing with rage on season 4 for a solid 13 weeks now.
And none of that is upvoted. And stupid shit does.
[deleted]
I said ., not that sub. 
Run it into the fucking ground. Ill be there until the end, god as my witness. 
This would be the only subreddit where anyone would get a Spa 5 reference.
Is it good?

Personally I think the quality has really dipped as time goes on. It's time to let the show die. 
Eh, people say this for almost every show. .The quality remained the same, the viewers just started becoming more and more bored with the episodes. 
the quality has dipped, but the newer episodes still manage to have some classics. one of my all time favorite episodes is the time travel one with leela waiting for fry 
Hardly, shows tend to be less fresh as time goes by. 100+ episodes is a lot of jokes to come up with. 
The Late Phillip J. Fry.  Definitely among the show's best.  I saw it for the first time with a face full of heavy dose...that was a trip.
haha oh man i bet
Yeah, I can quote the original run off the top of my head, the movies weren't the best work, but it was acceptable.  The CC series was OK, but not Futurama level.
Ya they had a much smaller budget when the show restarted and honestly I think they lost the people who told them what is and isn't a good joke as far as what to put in. New seasons just seemed like was a lot of pointless jokes that didn't fit.
Exactly, it's like they are still trying, they just aren't quite hitting the mark. 
I think it some of it was losing some good people, but I imagine a lot of it is that they are on a shorter production schedule and can't do the amount of rewriting and polishing they were able to do in the original run.
I agree, but I think it's still on a good note. It's better to die while on top than sink to the bottom..I don't want this show to go the way of the Simpsons. While I liked the Simpsons, they've far outrun their course in my opinion
It would be nice to let so many other shows die (too, or instead, whichever)..Character development, huh? Lets see how well the competition scores then....Compared to any of those, Futurama has had way more character development. 
The Simpsons did say what they were going to do.
no doubt, but it's like the pinnacle. I don't want it to drop in that rut. I would watch the hell out of it if it were to continue, but I also think this is a good place to end
Lol why not Zoidberg...
Maybe after a couple of full length feature films, like the last time. 
But the content is still fresh and relevant. No horse beating yet. 
I'm torn. One of my favorite quotes from my time as a camp counselor is, "Kill it before it's dead." It's going to be hard to finally say goodbye, but I'd rather have it die with dignity than get drug out like the Simpsons. I just hope the final episode is on par with Luck of the Fryrish or Jurassic Bark. 
Not die, maybe take another year or two off to allow more to happen. In that period of break maybe they produce some hour longers while they come up with more quality episodes. I don't wanna see it die
I've probably watched the episodes with commentaries more now than just the regular episodes. When watching on tv i can remember the commentaries from the episode im watching. They're by far the best tv show commentaries ive ever heard on dvd.
I love the show watched ever episode 5 time easy but have never listened to the commentaries I must do this RIGHT NOW! brb in a week :)
anyone listened to king of the hill's commentary? enjoyed both these very much.
Futurama is the only show's commentary track I actually like. I actually rewatch them at times, because some of them are just really interesting and funny.
My favourite is probably A Pharaoh to Remember (I think that's the one) where DiMaggio and West does the entire commentary track in character as various members of Planet Express.
That one is my favorite as well
But does anyone watch the show with the commentary on first?
Don't forget how funny "Guess the real Zoidberg" was.
I'm currently using the 2-DVD per week plan on Netflix so i can watch the commentaries plus special features. Currently on season 4. Billy West and John DiMaggio are great guys to listen to. Also i love hearing the behind the scenes things..You're right: futurama is one of the few shows with 100% commentary
I don't recall this 'Jrrr'. When was he a character?
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE BE REAL.

 in the Omicronian life and that is the baby that is saved in "The Problem With Popplers."  The only thing that piques my interest is growing up and consuming the mother..EDIT: Fast Aging not a factor, baby Omicronian is 13 years old. Thanks ..
*.That's a good theory. I could see it being tied in to the popplers storyline. Or maybe it's Lrrr's kid from a previous relationship or something. 
Not neccessarily even fast ageing. The Problem with Popplers was first broadcast in 2000 meaning it's set in 3000. Now it's 3013 so Jrrr is 13 years old.
Ah! You've definitely got it. He was in Leela's mouth!
smh not a true fan.
BLINKY!
Why does the Omicronian have Blinky as pet? 
It's not Blinky's first appearance in Futurama.
because every kid wants a 3 eyed fish as a pet
and because Groening likes to throw that in wherever he can.
That and everyone's favorite one eared bunny, Bongo!
You raised my hopes and dashed them quite expertly sir, bravo!
Is there any policy about spoilers?  I prefer to not see them before I watch the new episode.
No, but there definitely should be. Not sure why you were downvoted.
To actually answer the question in the title:.It isn't . it's .For example, Scrubs ended, and then it tried to not end, and the resulting effort was cancelled. They didn't let the season finish..Futurama is finishing it's season, doing a series finale, and just ending.
I hope to glob that is true, I don't want it to just get canceled and get picked up by some other station some years later or just be left unresolved.. I want a legitimate ending that wraps up many questions and I feel satisfied even if some things are left unresolved. I want to know why the Encyclopod saved human DNA. I want to know if fry and leela end up together happy. Does bender ever see his son again? They better do some sort of amazing series finale...
what hell do you think not being renewed is?
They are ending it because of the cancellation. Comedy Central didn't renew them for a second season.
Yeah, but my point was they haven't been straight-up kicked-off-the-airwaves cancelled. People seem to think that the show got shut down halfway through the season.
You think they're going to just not show a $500,000/episode show of which they have 13 episodes finished and in the can?.They'd be crazy not to try to recoup at least some of that loss by showing it.
It isn't unheard of. Scrubs cost about $2 million per episode and had a standard 22 episodes per season. They cut season 9 at 13 episodes.
That was also network television where their advertiser numbers can be more wildly variable. From very low... to crazy high. But i see what you're saying
[deleted]
Downvoted to hide this but you should probably delete this comment.
He is trolling you.
Well, you're kind of correct. The writers didn't plan for the show to end, but they did have a finale written just in case. 
Is calculon still dead?
There's an episode where they try to bring him back to life.  It's in the promo for the new episodes.  We don't know if those efforts will be successful, though.  
This isnt exactly true. David X Cohen has said that they will be gauging fan reaction to the 'cancellation/ending/whatever' to see it they will do something in the future. Matt Groening's exact words, "We would love to continue. We have many more stories to tell"..They were cancelled. Ratings were down. They are absolutely being forced off the air, albeit gracefully.
What do I sign/send to tell them I want more?

I think it's nice they're able to end it gracefully but if they can continue I'll be happy.
Canceling is not the same as not renewing a show for additional seasons. Canceling means they had originally ordered more shows and they ceased production on them or did not air them. Futurama is simply ending because Comedy Central is not ordering additional episodes. Its a subtle difference, but still an important distinction.
I understand David X Cohen is taking the opinions of those who show up in his bushes at night very seriously..Reddit meetup?
The petition has the voice actors support.  It's a good start.
International Reddit Meet Up . coming up we can kill two owls with one stone!
we're owl exterminators.
There's so much about this picture I love.
I know you got blinky in the fish bowl boba fet doll on the desk and Klingon fighting weapon on the wall in the back from star trek 

You missed the skull in the corner behind fry and what appears to be the 'What-if-machine' from Anthology of interest. If it's not the what-if-machine, it is damn similar looking.
There are skulls of both corners of the room I didn't recognize him from anything that's why I didn't mention them
Of course not. That's the Who-Ask Machine.
It's called a Bat'leth
The show is "Back" because they are still finishing season 7. There are 13 more episodes.
Damn. I was so excited.
I did not know this. I really hope they finish strong. I liked the latest ones, but I didn't quit love them like when the show first started out. I just don't want then to run the show into the ground like they did with "The Simpsons". Every great story needs a end, even if we are sad that it's gone..edit: spelling
We'll always have the early years
The Simpsons is still pretty damn good overall. They've had off seasons, but for the most part it's been consistently funny for years.
It's already been cancelled. This last batch is all there is (barring some other miracle come-back).
If anything, they might be able to get funding for a movie or two.  If they have the energy for a "close all open stories, but leave room for fan fiction", I am sure they will do it.   Maybe we can see them on kickstarter?
Squeaky voice teen is one of my favorite Simpsons characters LOL .Shame Simpsons has gone mild in the late seasons. I'm not all that concerned about Futurama. It has proven itself a valuable show for networks with a very strong audience. If they get canceled, something similar ... maybe even better will come. (altho they did set the bar pretty high)
I would watch the shit out of this
BITE MY SHINY METAL BUNGHOLIO!!
Bot-head
That's the best thing I ever saw
who's the dude that wears the winger shirt
I thought Bender was Mexican, not a Gringo.
So bad ass
Wow. Good job bro.
Dawson?
no
Stewart....Quebert would fit and Leela as Daria
Would watch/10
FTFY.
Would watch/10 (repaired that for you)
you got them backwards.  Bender is obviously butthole and fry is obviously beavis
I'm gonna get a tattoo of numbers that are an ASCII representation of a butt with a numerical butt-shaped tattoo on it. And I'm gonna get it right on my butt.
Fry is more of the Beavis and Bender is definitely Butthead
Yeah yeah blackjack! And HOOKERS!
OMG. Not sure if Awesome or Insult
Beyond awesome.
Definitely awesome.
I can't stand Beavis and Butthead. I'm going with insult
I'll ride the downvote train with you, bro. I really dislike that show.
Well fuck you then. 
Yeah! Fuck him! He has a different opinion than me so he's wrong!
As someone who is old enough to have grown up with it, Beavis and Butthead was the Futurama of its time.
I grew up with it too. To each his own though. I disagree


Unless you count lowercase!
It's an important unit!

What the L?  Also is it just me or does the motocycle in the background look like a giant shoe.
I don't know what the L was for.  My office is in New York City and we are next to a broadway theater, so I assume it was part of some show...I like to believe it will be a Futurama musical...
Exactly what I was looking for there...love this show!
Without it space travel is but the fevered dream of a madman!
FALSE!
He was a billionaire last season when he was winning at the Wong Casino before the robot mafia took over .
I just saw that last night this was made before I personally had seen that episode so bah
It's like the opening of Street Fighter II but older, but also 
Such senseless violence
Come on, lets go for a paddle boat ride. 
"The Transcredible Exploits of Zapp Brannigan.".I would watch the hell out of it. It would be interesting to meet other characters on board the Nimbus.
Isnt Zapp voiced by the same guy as Troy Mclure?
No. Zapp is voiced by Billy West, who also voices Fry, the Professor, Zoidberg, and several other characters. Troy McClure was voiced by the late Phil Hartman, who also voiced Lionel Hutz. Hartman was originally cast to voice Zapp, but unfortunately he was murdered in 1998.
I'd watch it, but I'd rather watch this:
No, because Zapp Brannigan is a "villain". He is basically Leela's main adversary. He isnt portrayed as pure evil, just narcissistic, and the show generally is not "black and white" in its characterizations, so a lot of people don't get that about him. He destroys planets, he won a battle by sending all his own troops in to die. He is definitely one of the main antagonists on the show. 
That's what would make it a great Trek parody. Instead of the suave, heroic captain, we'd have an anti-hero and the underlings who actually get his work done..He'd be a villain here, too, despite being charged with missions of DOOPer importancez
I don't see Zapp as an anti-hero, more as an anti-villain.  You know, the guy who thinks he's good but in reality he's so inept he's bad at being good. .Brannigan is a character that makes me want to gouge out Leela's eyeball and replace it with a cocktail onion!
Ok but with no Leela, who would be his counter? Kif?
This might not be the best example, but if you ever watched Frasier and Cheers... Frasier was kinda a one-note character on Cheers, and by changing his context (new city, better job, his elderly father and his jack Russell terrier live with him, and his uptight brother who's always bursting in)..The big question is, who could be Zapp's nemesis, or otherwise a recurring enemy like Z from Star Trek : TNG who shows up a few times every season to screw with the crew.
I'd rather see a Richard Nixon's head (and headless Agnew) spinoff! Aarrrooo!
Oh god, a West Wing spoof. Get Zoidberg as Josh Lyman and I'm sold.
Zapp Brannigan going from world to world teaching women how to love. If it was written good, I'd watch it.
I'm in love with his voice. It's so shapely, so elastic. Like Christopher Walken with bass tones doing Shatner without the pauses.
Why did I read that in Zapp's voice?
Lol I did the same thing
The thing that makes Zapp Brannigan great is that he is not a main character.  Seeing him episode and after episode would get old, quickly.  
I agree that Zapp as is couldn't float a whole show (unless it was aimed at 13-year-olds), but if they could assemble a decent ensemble of DOOPers under Kif, then Kif could emerge as the brave, if unappreciated, leader character.
Every time I look forward to starting over. The first seasons are so funny
That's it?
Started for (probably) the 10th time or so a couple of weeks back, only got a few episodes left now.
I restarted last week, nearly done with season 1. Its always a fun ride watching them all over again
I just started for the first time and am a few episodes into season 2. Joy. 
Unfortunately yeah lol
Short, sweet, and to the point. I like it. 

Bender, don't be a square...I told these guys you were cool
I haven't seen Fender in a while. He is probably touring with Beck.
What about Flexo? I'm more worried about him.
He'll be fine. HAHAHAHAHAHA Just kidding, he's screwed.
First Bender, then Flexo, then Fry.
Jacking on will do that do you
Don't worry about Flexo, let me worry about blank.
ARE YOU A SHARK OR A SHEEP!?
Which is the one that people like to pet?
Looks good.

Feels like an old-fashioned point and click adventure.
Bender drawing was one of the funniest things I'd ever seen when I watched this episode. It makes him look like an innocent child.
You did great! I hope I see a lot more Futurama gifs from you.
People still play this game?
Apparently 
We have all seen too many body bags and ball sacks.
"Young man, you have the bravery of a hero, and breath as fresh as a summer's ham."
which episode?
Shaka, when the walls fell.
Damok and Jelad at Tenagra
They consider bouncing 4 meters impressive but later on they all bounce so high that they leave the planet
Mix these mixed nuts! I see two almonds touching. 
Where's the little umbrella? That's what makes it a Scotch on the rocks!
We've seen too many soldiers leaving in body bags and ball sacks for this to go on.
Lower.... Lower.... TOO LOW!.....Lower.
I'm walkin' on sunshine!
War is the H-Word
You mean arguably the best episode they ever made.  Also arguably one of the most quotable ones. 
This isn't a war. It's a moyder.
...Hermes?
Fry, don't you recognize me?
It's ihawk the medical robot that fights with Zoidberg. 
 Hermes?
Sweet cow of Moscow! 
These balls are making me testy!
That is one of my favorite quotes from the show. 
Wait, where do you shove things up a ball?
We cannot condone bouncing of the seventh variety.
May you bounce in peace.
Get the hell off my planet. 
They got a lot of brains, and a lot of...chutzpah.
Soldier: This is the worst part, the calm before the battle..Fry: Then the battles not so bad?.Soldier: Oh yeah, I forgot about the battle.
The key to victory is the element of surprise. Surprise!
Ambassador, our people tell the same story.
Young man, you have the bravery of a hero and breath as fresh as a summer ham.
And it pink-ins your teeth, while you chew!
Look, our policy is if for any reason you're not completely satisfied, I hate you.
I did this years ago, with the Lisa Simpson email as well. Sadly, the Lisa Simpson one did not reply.
just sent an email in binary
Where is the "Kill all humans" (except for Fry) quote?
There are 3 or 4 responses that account gives. I tried them all.
Totally read that in Bender's voice.
That's good drawing of the professer.
Thanks! I'm the Co-Worker! 

Good news, everyone!
Hey your welcome man
calvin and hobbes kind of did it first.but still hilarious
This is funny, but will it get people off their tractors
Yeah, I didn't realize it until a minute ago but Futurama totally ripped that off of C&H.
I love that quote soooo great!
What day is today?
It's OP's cakeday.
What a day for a cakeday.
Lets all have some cake.

And you smell like one too!
Ha!
That's just 2DamnFunny!
hopefully something like last time will happen again. I'm wondering more of how long it will last before it returns, so long as they don't truly end the series. Either way I have a feeling reruns will continue on some network that has aired them in the past regardless if it ends or not.
Hey, there's always netfix.
I know there are a couple of petitions going around gathering sigs to try and keep it going...so anything is possible.
That's news to me. It could be a possibility. I know this is a long shot, maybe FOX will bring it back for their Sunday night lineup. .Also, First Post!
I live the infinite loop you have going there. 
I never noticed the cup bouncing off Bender's head.
Someone should make a mod where you can drop this little guy in some goop and he comes back..... Hint hint
Seymour!!!.(;_;)
Nice find
WHAT DO WE WANT?
I will wait for you.For a thousand summers....I will wait.Forever...
I've been carrying Seymour around for the longest time in my fallout account (I have over 200 hours of play on one account and have everything (unique weapons, armors, snow globes, ect.) and I JUST understood this reference!
I actually tried that and it didnt work. Fortunately i just reloaded a save since it was just out of reach. I still felt like an idiot though.
FRY'S DOG!
FRY'S DOG!
DRY FROGS!
WHEN DO WE WANT IT?
FRY'S DOG!
If anyone asks, you're Seymore Asses.
which fallout and where?
ON a related note, is Megaton a reference to the sewers in Futurama or Vice versa? They both worship and unexploded nuke.
Fallout new vegas lonesome roads dlc in the cave of abanddon just follow the wall to the right
With wild wasteland perk
I had both the perk and the dlc. I have no idea how I didn't notice something as signifcant as this.
Don't forget you need the Wild Wasteland perk
They're both references to the second planet of the apes movie. 
OOOOOOOH, thank you.
There's a second Planet of the Apes movie? I MUST WATCH THIS.
or did the apes reference Futurama and Fallout?
Here's the order they were released 'The Planet of the Apes' (1968), 'Beneath the Planet of the Apes' (1970),'Escape from the Planet of the Apes' (1971),'Conquest of the Planet of the Apes' (1972),'Battle for the Planet of the Apes' (1973). There was also a 14 episode t.v. series in 1974, and a 13 episode cartoon series in 1975 called 'Return to the Planet of the Apes'. This would be the last video production until Tim Burtons remake in 2001.
Was anyone else pissed when they have Charlton Heston's iconic lines to the apes in the Tim Burton version? Edit: Charlton Heston instead of Carlton... Whoops (Spacedicks would've approved)
"Planet of the Apes" (2001) is a terrible movie. it's up there with "Waterworld".
No argument from me, mate.
Carlton Heston? Thats a weird crossover. In seriousness, no, because who cares about something that lame? If you are going to be pissed about a line in a movie, why not be pissed that in Amazing Spider-Man no one ever says "With great power, comes great responsibility." That line is actually NEEDED and was skipped. Still didn't piss me off. 
A Little bit easier to read version
I haven't seen any of these movies (I know), but I knew this precise order because there was a series of songs by They Might Be Giants that were each themed for one of the movies.
Well, aren't you just spiffy! Thanks, mate!

I love this so much
I'm 40% bottlecaps! 
I agree. Every time I watch this scene I get a little teary-eyed.

I don't know what's so sad about this episode...well besides the extreme inconsistencies 
Being a dog owner/lover, Jurassic Bark hit me a little harder, to the point where I can't even watch it anymore.  Plus Sarah McLachlan loves to make everyone weep.. I can't words.
I love and hate when that episode comes on because I am also a dog lover/owner. I choke up every time it's on if I can keep myself from turning it off and looking at videos of cats and bunnies. 
What episode is this this?
One of the new ones that sucked.
It's called Lethal Inspection. I thought it was pretty funny and the end really got to me, not sure why people feel the need to rage on it and can't just let others enjoy it. Ig you haven't seen it, do so!
I have a similar, reversed version as my iPad background. <3 bender
I've seen some things in my life that no man should have to see. This episode made me break down in tears.
Futurama can really pull on my heart strings. Teared up during both of those episodes. Also, Overclockwise when Fry and Leela read their future together at the end. Got me right in the feelings.
I never found Jurassic Bark to be that sad, if I'm truly honest. In one episode you're told that Fry had a dog and that he might get it back, but then he doesn't because the dog probably forgot him but the dog didn't forget him. Well yeah, it's sad. But it's not a character I care about. I think everyone just lets it get to them more than it should because it's a dog and aww. .I do not apologise for my flagrant disregard for the hivemind.
hey, an opinion is an opinion. I can see where you are coming from. It just tears me up inside when they show him sitting there day in and out, through sun or rain, just waiting for his best friend to come home..and never will. It doesn't help he looked just like my first dog who passed a few years ago. 
he probably just doesn't have a little thing called, oh idk, A HEART! haha, nah I'm just kidding he's alright with me. but I agree with what smell my butt foo said, it's mostly about a dog who wants his best friend to return, which will obviously effect someone who has/had dogs more than those who haven't.
Nah dude, haven't you heard? Futurama is going to be bad like the Simpsons so it should die! Even though this episode was in the new seasons, Futurama should just die. No way it's going to be better or anything..Seriously, why do people want Futurama to be cancelled? Saying it's going to be bad is a shit excuse.
I totally agree! I can't stand the hivemind on here screaming that the new episodes sucked, hoping it stays cancelled and still claiming its because they are 'true' fans. 
Word of advice: when you're saying what other people are going to say, use "quotations" because it seemed like you were saying that futurama should die.
And btw, I don't know what people are talking about, I love the new episodes!
Personally, I just want closure. We've had like three 'finale' episodes so far, It'd be nice if it could end on its own terms for once. And I don't think a handful of great episodes truly excuses one and a half mediocre seasons.
You want closure? All this gripping about closure is buttkiss.  Here's what it'll be like: Leela and Fry have kids, Amy and Kliff settle down, Hubert takes over the delivery service, Bender becomes more human and Zoidberg becomes family.  There.  You got your happy ending along with disappointment because series enders suck. Man, you said it yourself, you already got three of 'em. Why do you want another? And on its own terms?  It seems everyone calling for a series ender isn't exactly giving a chance for the writers to end on there own terms. I think a lot of fans are acting pretty pretentious in supposing how the series should go, killing off any chance of the creators to do what they'd like.  That being said, I'd rather it end on an open note if it doesn't come back.
Definitly a good episode, but the inconsistency of bender's birth always stood in my way to fully enjoy this episode.
Little bird little bird fly through my window, little bird little bird fly through my window, little bird little bird fly through my window, fine molasses candy...I love this episode
oh man, that song, this episode. nearly brings me to tears every time. .another episode which hits me in the feels is the ep about leela being adopted and all that her parents did for her growing up.
That one too, yes!
Another that gets me is when fry's dad talks to him why he's always hard on him and they share a beer, makes me think of my dad and I and really hits me.
ah yes, absolutely.
Which episode?
How Hermes Requisitioned His Groove Back
Thank you
This episode was on like an hour ago on Comedy Central.... Strange.
Dirty boy! Dirty, dirty boy!
How do you think they do this joke in other languages?  
That is actually a very good question.
HOLY SHITBALLS I JUST TURNED ON THE TV AND THIS WAS THE EPISODE THAT WAS ON AND IT WAS AT THIS EXACT MOMENT. ARE YOU GOD?
Op is a space probe that collided with god.
What does... god... need... with a starship?
Right after reading this thread, the episode came on!
This post is technically funny, the best kind of funny.
I think I'm psychic. Apparently I posted this only a couple hours before it aired on Comedy Central. Cool.
Holy shit. Watching Futurama on Comedy Central, this episode is on. I saw this happen on television about 30 seconds before I saw it on reddit. 
Sounds like somebody had a busy Monday afternoon!
Yep, watching it now. Awesome.
i dont get it...
Omg I just got that finally
Zipper starts with a Z so it should be at the bottom of the jacket. Just like the alphabet.
[deleted]
But it always bugged me that the Collar is above the Belt. 
You mean the Strap? There you go buddy.
Let's start at the bottom.
im sorry, but, in the alphabet the z is at the bottom of the jacket? Do you mean it is the last letter? So the joke is that the zipper should be at the bottom of the jacket because z is at the bottom of the alphabet? Honestly I still don't get it, but want to. 
Personally I was thinking the same thing as you. Then I realized that I didn't think it was even a little bit funny, but hey, to each their own.
Yeah that's it. The joke is that saying something like "Why isn't this jacket in alphabetical order?" is such an absurd question to ask because it makes no sense, that is until she explains it.

Finally! I have a good claw! See? Three human females, a number and a king giving himself brain surgery!

It doesn't matter how many kings you have giving themselves brain surgery. Bender's on a hot streak.
Actually, I think he said "It doesn't matter how many human females you have"
I'd be more concerned about that tapeworm going to town on your intestines.
Oh my various gods!
You are technically correct - the best kind of correct.
This is the worst kind of discrimination! The kind against me!
But he finished working 2 seconds early. Demote him to grade 37.
As long as I can come back with severely reduced pay :D
You got it mon! In fact, severely reduced pay all around!
HORRAY! It's better than nothing.
Why is there yogurt in this hat?
Uh, I can explain that. See, it used to be milk and, well, time makes fools of us all.
So uhh.. I... make out with you now?.Stick out your tongue.
:.
.
.
.

It doesn't even move..
Just want to add that this was right outside the Michigan Science Center (awesomely fun place!). We spotted it while walking toward the Detroit Institute of Art building. 
I'm more surprised you lived to tell reddit about it. 
Me too!!
"SQUAWK!" 
Stop acting so
Stop acting so
Stop acting so
In Fry's defense, he . pointing the megaphone at someone who needed to hear the message.
win won
It's getting cancelled? 
This was a real concern for me the other week. Only, it was the other way around. I was drunk and couldn't recall if I'd seen the episode sober.
That petition passed through here a few weeks ago. I wish i had the link.
Futurama is on Netflix.  I watch it on streaming all the time.  
I'm saying we should petition to make it a netflix exclusive and keep making shows since it was cancelled by Comedy Central. The show must go on!
The more I think about it, the more I believe ending Futurama is not such a bad idea..Just honestly think about it. Would you rather see Futurama end with dignity or drag on until the quality is terrible, like other cartoons?.I know how sad it is to see something you love so much end, but that is life, and we should embrace it, my friend.
Why does everyone seem to think the show is guaranteed to be bad if it starts back up again? Sure, the last season and a half was pretty bad, but that tells us nothing about the future.
Not guaranteed, but highly probable. It's just natural for it to happen, man. .The first seasons are great because they also introduce the audience to a new world, characters, etc. Then you have the problem that newer episodes most reach a standard created by previous ones, and lets face it, as a fanbase we expect too much, and that standard is too high..Sure, shows like the Simpsons or South Park are still going strong, but ask most of the audience and they will prefer the first seasons. This happens to every form of entertainment. Dragging them just because the audience want more is not always a good thing. Lost suffered from it, HIMYM suffers from it, some people even believe there is a "trilogy curse" with movies..Sometimes stories need to end because they cannot evolve further or because the plot progression leads to that. it's not a matter of Futurama getting worse with each new episode, it's about accepting that it is a great show, but there is not much to do unless you make some radical changes or present unnecessary new plots..The real answer to this predicament is to make a spin-off, where this new ideas and storylines can be created, while maintaining many elements with the original series which fans like about Futurama..Just think about it, and this time . do it, don't just read this without pondering it. Do you see Futurama having another 10 seasons? Do you see it lasting for another decade? Above all, would the series benefit more from lasting 10 more years, or having a satisfying ending?
Shut your pie hole and give the writers a chance to decide what they want to do with their show. If they decide its time to call it quits, I'll support them. If they'd like to keep it going, I'll be super happy and I'll keep telling ass clowns to shut their pie holes. Until then, I'm gonna give them the benefit of the doubt that the cancelation of the series wasn't their idea, so maybe just maybe, it be nice to read about how their work doesn't suck or is gonna suck from so called "honest" fans.
It could go continue downhill true but it could also become better and episodes that would have been great will likely never exist now. Every television show has its ups and downs and for all we know this next and possibly last season will be great and we will all be wishing for more.
I think the petition is to have Netflix purchase the rights to produce new episodes.

What does this have to do with futurama?
Omg where?!
I thought Charleston Chews had always been available in Europe?  I don't dislike them, but when I was a kid, I ate one and it stuck to my teeth and tore off a filling.
Are they American? Coz selfridges sell alot of US food :)
I sell them everyday here in the states. 
They bring us FREEDOM DAY!.This planet has been so much this past year. Wars, Droughts, Impeachments, but we never lost sight of what's truly important. The great taste of Charleston Chew!
Nixon's back!! ARRRROOOOOOOO!
Is that one of the first mutant episodes?
Beneath the Planet of the Apes has the WORST ending to any movie I've ever seen. I can't tell if it was real or a joke, parodying some other terrible movie ending.
There is a "Beneath the planet of the apes"? TIL! 
Awesome! thank you for this. I alway under the impression it was a 'the time traveler' reference. Weird 
I have to remember that reference from the '60s, '70s, '80s, Hell even the '90s, go over the heads of most people here.
One of my favorite things about Futurama is the more you know, the more jokes you understand. .:-) 
I know the other Planet of the Apes movies aren't as prolific as the first, since they're just expanding upon a concept that was novel only in the first place, but I really enjoyed them.  As far as I see it, Conquest of the Planet of the Apes was great.  Things don't have to be flash and catch phrases to be a solid presentation on screen.  Besides, it's hard to make Caesar's speeches into T-shirt material.
This scene with the unexploded bomb has the worst fight scene in any of the movies. 
I always get this film confused with Omega Man.
So which episode is this?
Season 6 Episode 12: The Mutants Are Revolting I think..
Edit: Move along here I was wrong, next comment.
Season 2, I second that emotion
Yeah dude, it was a weird one.  
Have you seen the director's cut of .? It's much bloodier and has a significantly darker ending (though it's difficult to reconcile the new ending with the next film, ., but that's okay since . sucked).
I haven't seen the director's cut, and will now make it my mission to do so.
actually its from season 2, I second that Emotion. its episode 5 on netflix
Ah thanks for clarifying.
Its the 2nd in the series of 5. I did not know there were that many until I was checking out Rise of the Planet of the Apes
Have you seen Escape from the Planet of the Apes? It all comes together.
Season two, Episode 1, I second that emotion. Nibbler gets flushed down the toilet by bender and they go to rescue him in the sewers.
episode 5 if youre on netflix
Season 2 episode 5 on netflix indeed...whaaaa? That is so weird.
Netflix orders them by production and wikis order them by air date. Or vis versa. 
"Rise" is pretty much a remake of "Conquest," and the upcoming "Dawn" seems to be a remake of "Battle" (though hopefully they improve on it, because "Battle" wasn't very good)..In fact, if you put the movies in chronological order (the year in which they take place):.Looks like the new series is going the chronological route, since everyone knows the reveal from the end of the first movie (that Earth is the "planet of the apes"), and the remake of the original was received very poorly..Makes me wonder if the sequel to "Dawn" will be another remake of the original, and if so, what will they call it? "Return to the Planet of the Apes" is probably what I'd go with...
I haven't seen any of the originals in full, should I watch them or just wait for the new ones, since they're basically remakes? I enjoyed Rise of the Planet of the Apes quite a bit, more than I expected to, and it made me wanna watch the originals.
First one is definitely worth seeing. The second is meh. Havent seen the rest but I do plan to soon.
That was an amazing comment, containing just the type of information one hopes to find while aimlessly briefing reddit :D
Your dedication to giant man-monkey hybrids has finally paid off.  I salute you!
So which ones are actually worth watching (aside from the original)? .Also, all those titles are super similar, so it feels like it's basically the same thing in each one... 
All of them except for ., IMO. . is probably the weakest outside of that one, though the cheese of . can be difficult for many..The absolute essentials are the original (.) and the fourth one (.). I'd watch them all, in release order, rather than skipping, but if they're just too dated for you, watch at least those two.
If you are at all interested in the originals you should definitely watch them. They were and continue to be hugely influential on the genre of  science fiction as well as film in general.
I assumed it was a Fallout 3 reference.
as did I
you must be like 12 if you didnt now futurama came out way before fallout 3
I'm over double that age. For some reason, I thought this joke was a much later episode. It's possible another (recent) show made a similar joke.
I believe the Children if Atom in f3 is a reference to Beneath as well 
This season aired in 1999..Fallout 3 came out in 2008..EDIT: Hell, this . aired in '99.
"Yeah, but nobody is that observant. It's mostly a Christmas and Easter thing".I have always loved that scene.

OP, I am gonna get you so many lizards!
I love that Zoidberg is the only person on Earth that Santa judges as being Nice.
I'm gonna spin till I fall down!
That's not true.  There's also rape, malnourishment and general mistreatment.
Fry poignant as ever. 

Hear the word of Pharaoh. Build unto me a statue of ridiculous proportion. One billion cubits in height, so I may be remember-ed for all eternity..   ...and be quick about it!
Also Wolfman
That was such a great joke how that one Australian guy is perpetually a slave. Is he ever in any other episodes than the two?
[deleted]
Sweet manticore of Astapor! I had no idea thanks!

[deleted]
That was such a great joke how that one Australian guy is perpetually a slave.  ( ^_^) .Let me fix that for you (automated comment unflipper) 
I love when bots talk to each other. I want to track them all down and set up a chain of comments that trigger all of them in a series.
 vs .GO
I like Bender's stare.
bluh-ee Chunduh!
I love this episode. It might be my all-time favorite; I've seen it dozens of times..That being said, I never really think too much about episode titles, but Sudden Clarity Clarence moment here  . becomes .  and who remembers a drunken, blackout bender? Fucking genius. 

Tonight, we are slaves to no one, except the rhythm! 
I'm gonna spin 'til I fall down! 
Wtf are those grey circles on fry in the first square
looks like someone trying to select something on a smartphone
I guess that makes sense.  I'm on my (shitty, cheap) android and I've never seen anything like that before on mine.
Those are waves, jackass!
One of my favorite lines. My other is "I really wish the earth will end already, its the waiting part that kills me." I know I butchered that line but I forgot how it went exactly. 
Fry: . What proof is this, some huge number?
"I wish they'd just wipe out humanity and get it over with. It's the waiting I can't stand."
Thank you
That's stupid
Another great line from this episode (I think).Slave: "It hurts when I breathe!".Bender: "Then what do you think you should stop doing?"
bender: lowly slave why are you not working?.slave: i am..bender: i meant yourself to death..edit: format
Hey Leela, you know who I remember? That guy who used to bend things, you know. Hermes
You know what else stinks about being a slave? The hours

Our programming determined that the most efficient answer was to 
The humans are dead!!!
The humans are dead!!!
We used poisonous gasses
And we poisoned there asses."Binary solo"
0000001 00000011 000000111 00001111 0000001 00000011 000000111 00001111

Come on, sucker. Lick my battery.
I have no idea in the slightest what this chain is referencing..Normally, I can at least guess if it's song lyrics or a movie or something, but right now I'm absolutely confounded.
.
I can milk anything with nipples 
One of my favorite episodes.
Got Searing-Hot Resin?
It survived all our most powerful electromagnetic.blaats only to succumb to a simple sharpened stick. 
S1E5 "Fear of a Bot Planet"
Actually....Slurms McKenzie was based on the Bud Light ads from the late 80s starring a partying terrier known as Spuds McKenzie.. 
spluh
Whimmy Wham Wham Wazzle
The original party dog!!!!!
Slurms McCorgie
I've always loved this about those videos.
I've always wondered: is this YouTube playing a part in being funny, or just really neutral fans?
I want to upvote you, because I'm curious too, but you're neutral right now.
being colorblind, I was staring for about 2 minutes before I realized what I was looking for
Meh...
As a colorblind, ..
Some of the posts in this thread are incredibly witty, but I have to downvote them to maintain neutrality. .Fortunately I have no strong feelings on the matter. 
I just went through and voted on everything in this thread to try to maintain neutrality...
What am I doing?
you're welcome for that downvote. keepin the peace.
Maybe.
What makes a man turn neutral?
They keep getting messed up! It's driving me crazy!
Not anymore
These are the only comments I've not cared about downvoting.
why do I feel google rigged the videos ratings to appear neutral for an easter egg for the fans?
All I know is that this post exists.
This made me laugh in a very dorky way. Thumbs up.
Let's hope . don't find out about this.
I don't really have any feelings either way on this fact.
This neither interests me nor does it bore me. 
I down voted one for the sake of neutrality..Edit: Quite a few
The problem I have with this is that it's not really neutral.  Someone had to like or dislike the video.  If it was really neutral, there would be no likes or dislikes at all.
Equal distribution of positive & negative  neutrality, maybe.
Thats pretty OK
If the comments in here all wound up with one point each, that would be something that happened.
If you were to CTRL+F 'points' you could find posts that aren't at 1 and vote accordingly..Or maybe you, know, you don't even care about that thing I said.
 points each, son.
But with 0 points, there's a slight air of negative because we start at 1 point..I say that, and I've just downvoted everyone with one point to make it 0 D:
We must even be neutral about our own comments. Therefore, keeping your automatic self upvote is not very neutral of you. .I don't have anything nice to say, just don't say anything mean. 
Every comment (almost) perfectly neutral.I . feel neutral toward this sub. .edit: mehh
We strive for neutrality.
Love?
I went and looked at the actual numbers, and the likes/dislikes are . equal for all of the ones I saw..I'm pretty sure it's a deliberate easter egg by the programmers..That would be a cool feature to add to this subreddit, actually.
I thought so too, but I saw some comments that said "It would be cool if there was an equal number..."
And also.. this one in Spanish was off by 2!!!!!
.
I disliked it, but I need someone else's help!
I think it's legit, actually. I do my part to keep it even.
No, they've been off by a few in the past. Futurama just has awesome fans.
And that's why I'm down voting you.
I just un-upvoted myself. Fixed.
and I just un-downvoted you
What makes a comments page turn neutral ... Lust for Gold? Karma? Or was it just created with opinions full of neutrality?
I love futurama fans.  Now if I could only meet some IRL.
our regular game night includes : board games, beer, pizza and Futurama/Firefly episodes ... if youre ever in NJ we'd have you 
where in nj
Central
Wait a mintue, I'm in New Jersey and . .  all of those things. 
Thanks, possibly one day.  Oddly enough, I've been downloading firefly, and I decided to wait until I have the whole season to start it.  It just finished a couple days ago.  I think I'll start it right now.  maybe.
be prepared for ~13 hours of awesomeness followed by a lifetime of sadness
bro, I've started firefly and am loving it.  One question though, is there suposed to be subtitles for the non-english parts?
No... it was their way of getting around the censors when it comes to vulgarity 
that makes sense.  like frak.  censorship is silly.
kind of like undeclared...
I would meet you, but for some reason I have no real desire to get to know you nor to avoid you.
maybe.
I have no feelings about this one way or the other.
It's a beige alert.
If I don't make it, tell my wife I said, "Hello."
I never got that...  They are neutral....  But a wife is someone you love it have feelings for....  Therefore not neutral .Unlike this post though, it is quite neutral.
If he loved her I think he'd say more than hello. Spouses are simply a chosen mate for reproduction and child rearing. .Not that I care... 
Tell my wife I said, "hello"
Crap. I almost upvoted you. :/
I wouldn't have any strong feelings if you guys could keep this comment as neutral as possible.
This is the best thread ever. The only one where downvoting is considered good, if it's for neutrality.
With all my heart and soul, I say "maybe".
If this comment gets buried..Tell my wife..Hello.
Annyong.
Now there's a comment I can get excited about.  Sign me up!
sorry, not with that attitude
Don't be sorry.Don't be anything
Ok then, screw it
You're in.
Alright!
Nah sorry we're full.
but we can't be too sure about that
Working so hard to keep this neutral. Come on guys
I did my part.... Meh..

Awesome! Did you make that or buy it? 
Bender is the better choice. His campaign slogan would be great to see. I wonder if it would be vote for my shiny metal ass or vote for me or il start my own school with blackjack and hookers, you know what forget the school. 
No, they really don't.
Haha He is a perfect candidate!
Your sophomores are lame and can't spell "of".
Well, baby steps.
No
lol. but. so
Hes a zombie
zombie monkey
Your logic is sound.
"LIFE AND DEATH IS A SEEMLESS CONTINUIM"
-SCRUFFY
No.
War is the H-Word
When he almost marrys Lela's mom.
I must be crazy cause I can't stand Zapp Brannigan. I rarely watch episodes where he is a main character.
Oddly enough I like him best in Into the wild green yonder.
for me, there are only one 80's
Brannigan, Begin Again. How very neutral of you...
"If we hit the bullseye the rest of the dominoes should fall like a house of cards. Checkmate.
Amazon Women in the Mood. ."I find the most erotic part of a woman is the boobies." ."She's built like a steakhouse, but handles like a bistro!"."You win again, gravity."."What are you, gay?"."The spirit is willing but the flesh is spongy and bruised."."I had snu-snu.".The Leela/Lola "song." 
Zapp as Magneto? That is waaaay too much power for him.
Why are there two benders?
Edit: never mind, I see that it's flexo
that appears to be Flexo in the back
Thats much better. Thank you.
Lol Seymour is beast
Amy should have been Jubilee.
hehe...Fryclops...
why isn't leela cyclops?
Improving art. 
Eyy thats like an hour from my place longboarding, I should check taht out!
And perhaps get a photo of this work of art for the rest of us?
As a resident of the Best Vancouver (in B.C.) I approve of the efforts of Lesser Vancouver (in Washington).
Will do once the rain clears. 
This is going to make a very lovely sim house.
This is missing the Chart Room, S8 E10 Viva Mars Vegas
What about the chart room from the episode Viva Mars Vegas?
Looks like they misspelled hangar. 
I totally used these to build Planet Express in Minecraft. I was pretty epic....until someone burnt it down. :( My admin did save a backup of the files for me though :)
Were is the chart room?
Where is the boiler room(You know, where the plasma-fusion boiler is) and the sub basement with the lava pit?
What about Scruffy's break time cot?
Basement near the boiler 
Then what about the sub-basement?
Planet Express needs a surprising number of elevators.
Fry has an office???
What episode was that from? Actually I think he had sex in it with Hermes replacement
He had an office in that one (How Hermes Requesitioned His Groove Back) and in the one with the 80s guy (Future Stock.)
Yea, but would he have kept it?.She gave him that office for the sole purpose of having him nearby as her boytoy. .It'd much more sense that Lela would have the office, being the ships captain.
"But why were you wearing that scarf and the turtleneck and this fruity number?"
Wait, really? You are Eric Kaplan...not just a cheap knockoff? Thanks for a great episode, and jurassic bark is obviously brilliant. How do you feel about the cancellation? Sorry if you've been asked this stuff before, I never knew you were on reddit
By the end of the series, can we view bender's photos?
what photos?
"Neat." 
I feel bad about it!  I think somebody should finance a theatrical feature.
Okay.  Which ideas of Feuerbach's did you examine in this episode?  
He says that religion is just an alienated notion of what humanity is capable of.  The robots don't have a metaphysical religion, they have a physical religion -- literally building a literal hell.
And the literal seven circles of it.
neat!
I did not even stop to think of viewing this episode in this manner. This knowledge makes the episode even better. I will re-watch it later tonight with this information in mind. Thank you, Mr. Kaplan.
thanks
Eric Kaplan?.CAN I HAVE YOUR AUTOGRAPH
how?
You better charge him some quatloos
10 SIN
20 GO TO HELL
I like that joke
It's like Futurama only with more hazelnut! 
Hahahahahaha. I laughed at that.
What about ass-a-rama?
Or the pimpsons? 
I think it should be a show centered around Zapp.
But Futurella is set in 4000...
When are you going to do another Simpson's movie?
"Take this down, Kif:  we have been catapulted a thousanduh years into the future by a singularite."."That's 'singularity', sir..."."Shut up, Kif!"
The trans-credible exploits of Zapp Brannigan?
Aaaaaand it's cancelled. FOX has really streamlined the process.
When they ran this episode yesterday, I found some irony in that.
What is point of this post?
To remind people about the joys of futurama. .What was the point of your post? 
I wish they'd do a kickstarter for this.
I would have bought . if it said that but I got . instead.
I'll do whatever I want to do to you junk! 
I'll show ye.
This is one of my favorite lines from the entire series.
Not sure if repost or orginial.
i saw Futurama in my youth and got pretty tired of the first three seasons since I've watched them so much. Now that i'm starting to rewatch the seasons again there's some really clever jokes i get now that i'm older. Futurama is better than i remembered it.
I'm going to miss orange joe and one eye jane. 
I never even found Futurama that funny when I first saw it (I was a preppy middle school kid). I only learned to love it so when I became a complete nerdlinger when I hit university.
I watched this episode yesterday, so you get mandatory upvotes, OP.
No I'm.... doesn't!
This is an odd character set...
Why not Zoidberg?
Those feels
Those reposts
Well... that is touchingly pathetic.
I sure don't envy OP. lol
It's almost as if I've read this every week on this subreddit.
So is this the reason you love Futurama or Star Trek?
Eh, I have no strong feelings one way or the other.
Excactly!
That's it now we need a crossover. 

No, I mean like whole season based on a crossover. Seems like the perfect timing, no? 
Aladeen
Pretty sure Futurama already did that.
Yup
Yes
I watched vol. 1-4 when the dvd box sets first came out & they are all super funny! It makes me appreciate the episodes better.
Definitely. I've listened to the commentaries more than some of the episodes :D I have the Bender head box set, so I've listened to every commentary, including the hidden one on Roswell That Ends Well, for every episode of the original run, and the movies, in order :)
Yeah. Some of the commentaries are funnier than the episodes.
How about the hidden one on Jurassic bark?
Ooh... Good question. I'll have to check.
It was the Writer's bonus commentary. They talked a lot about how one man writes an episode, and they all come together in the rewriting room to rewrite various things.
I have not heard that one :D Very cool. I had no idea :)
I'm watching the commentaries via Netflix, and I had that one two days ago. Just at the last minute did I notice.
I thought Netflix didn't have commentaries?
Yes i mean DVD Netflixing.
I think he means dvd rentals?  Do any streaming site offer the commentaries?
Oh of course...
Gotcha OK.
agree
I used to fall asleep to the commentaries.  I tried to make an audio clip of "nobody cares" but failed..
I also recommend the hidden table read of Tale of Two Santas.  You will hear John DiMaggio give a genuine outburst of laughter
No thanks Ma'am, I'm actually gay.
My hands..... They're so big...
They can touch anything but themselves...
...oh wait.
"Whooooooa"

Heeeyyy Red....What's a matter, YOU SCARED?!


He's bluffing..OW, MY ASS!
Paint it red and give it a big ass knife!
"... and the second hamburger will also be made of your lungs!"
Now stand back, I gotta practice my stabbin' 
I'm not crazy! I'm just not user friendly. 
eh...
I'm thinking of a number between one and ten. Guess it: I kill you first.
CLAMP THIS CLAMP THAT BADA CLIMP BADA CLAMP
Have fun with your ikea cabinet assembly. 
ARE YOU SCARED?
Someone went through the thread and downvoted every comment. My guess is it was . After all he is an EVIL, METAL, DOOOOOOOOORK!

Fifty... six?
STABBIN' STABBIN'
Fifty-six? Fifty-six?! Now that's all I can think about! I'm gonna kill you, you no good fifty-sixin'!
*Girlish scream
Ha HAH!
ROBERTO!
I'm not crazy. I'm just not user friendly. 
He looks a bit unhinged!
That's an adoorable pun
As a guy who builds cabinets. I approve of these puns. 
You callin' me crazy? Just coz I gotta hotel in my foot don't make me a BOOGALEE-MOOGALEE-MOOGALEE! 
beat me to it by 5 hours. I need to quit my job.
STOP LAUGHING AT ME, FLYING AVACADO! HAHYAH! HYAH!
Jobs are for the mainstream. 
Its kind of an obscure job actually. You probably won't have heard of it.
Any time a friend says "What day is today" instead of "What day is it?", I say "it's Nibbler's birthday" without a second thought.
Happy Birthday is copyrighted? I simply thought that it was the future so songs of oral traditions simply evolved to be something completely different. .Side note. The birthday song of the future is superior. 

Yes the Futurama one = waaay better.
I sing this on my hubby's birthday.
And you smell like one too! :)
I even sing "nibbler" instead of his name.
I think it's because her eyes are too far apart.
Agreed. 
Yet so normal at the same time.
Hmm, not sure about that to be honest. On second thought I think it's the "stary-ness" of her eyes that's off-putting.
Where are her 3 boys?
The Frighteners is SO underrated!!  Horror and comedy dancing seamlesly with each other... I need to watch it again now...
The frighteners was an awesome movie!  
It's more likely David Cohen is a fan.
Yeah I think Groening gets way too much credit for Futurama. Basically he had an idea and him and Cohen sat down one day and came up with all this stuff and Groening probably saw it through to the first episode and then after that it has pretty much been Cohen's love child, he pours his heart into this show. 
The Frighteners was good. People often forget Peter Jackson's pre-LOTR career. He's made quite a few good films. 
So was Heavenly Creatures and Braindead/Dead Alive. There's a reason why Jackson was able to get the director's chair for LOTR, he had a lot of great films already under his belt.
Bad Taste was pretty awesome, but then again I have bad taste.
Meet the Feebles!
Just watched it last night and noticed he directed it. It's actually a good movie and still enjoyed it.
Comic-Con seems like fun on a bun!
It's more fun than a bag o jellyfish
Oh how infinitely envious I am!
sweet... I love it when you buy items with hidden glory..Friend of mine picked up a reboot art book which was from some bastard version 1 printing that had errors in it. To me, this is much more valuable :)
Oh great, some dude scribbled in it. Hope you can return it.
That was signed on my golden birthday. Neat.

I always find it hilarious how after bender does some running he is out of breath, But my favorite quote has to be either Beer makes you stupider Fry: No I'm doesn't. Or Man all these constant explosions and radiation are making me thirsty. Or whenever Zap Brannigan talks about military anything or tries to give love advice, or when the professor goes on a tangent to support the insanity clause
"i dont knoooooooowww.....never heard of no mayoooor"
"I'm 40% _____."."...shut up I know it."
i love when Fry and Amy are stuck in her car on Mercury waiting for the tow truck.  The tow truck guy shows up and the windows are all fogged up and he gives a perverted chuckle like "heuehuheohhoooo!"  And then he discovers the two are just playing cards and he's all disappointed.
"Oh god it's the future! My parents my co-workers my girlfriend. I'll never see any of them again... YAHOOO!"
You should have checked the wording in the fine.......print.
Floozies: Bender honey, we love you
Bender: Shut up baby I know it.I quote this all the time.also Fry: I did the nasty in the pasty.and Fry: Don't you worry about Planet Express, let me worry about blank
The robot mafia episode. Are you trying to steal from the donbot? Benders response: I'm trying but he's not making it easy
Anytime bender has an idea and everyone agrees out loud and you can hear him also agreeing along with everyone in the background. 
"Do a flip!".Bender  
When bender goes "doooooooomed!!" The short inhale right before just makes it. Also, when they did it again with Golden Bender in exact unison was almost as funny. 
"Good News everyone! I taught the toaster to feel love!"
Are you certain about the episode? I remember him eating money but didn't see it in the ff on bender gets made.
after the orphan robot gives bender his cut of the money he shovels it into his mouth and says," awww sweet legal tender."
have a Netflix? just use that and a screen capture program 
found it, converting now

You sir, are a god among men.
Toolchain: Netflix -> camstudio freeware (capture region to avi) -> virtualdub (trim and export gif)
certainly lives up to it's name. I CAN'T LOOK AWAY.
oh that's quite coo- OH GOD IT"S A WORM
He must have watched Prometheus. 
Barf.
Okay ew wtf.
You seriously had to remind me of this before I ate? 
Probably better than after or during....
After might have been better. You are 100% correct about during.
That's just disgusting.
 
looks like an eye floater
xpost to ., reap the sweet sweet karma
it has been posted there several times
That looks like a .. They're funky, but also kind of cool..Basically, they get into other creatures, lay eggs, and then when it's time for the eggs to hatch, the create feels compelled to go to water, where they die and the baby works burst out.
biology major?
Also, it is usually bugs that get "infested", but that sure looks like one to me.
Nephew of a Zoology professor, who helped me figure it out when I found one in a puddle a few years ago :D
haha very nice. I am about to get my degree in biology and I had the same reaction as you. parasites are very intriguing 
grossest gif EVER....
 
No, I'd go to . after seeing this to calm the f down a little :)
I have a massive fear of worms and parasites and stuff. I can't stop shuddering now. :l
this should be nsfl...
that was not as cool as I was hoping. ewwwwww
Any parasite big enough to see is .... 
Damn Nature you scary
Is that a fuckin' worm in his ey- ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD!

I saw that on today as well
Good post, but you might want to make your title a bit more unoriginal and meaningless. I almost had any idea what your post would be about. Next time, try something like "DAE like Futurama because jokes?" or simply "this.".
yes I like the jokes as well!
Wow I am watching this episode on my computer, and I clicked on this like 5 seconds after it happened in the show. That was pretty freaky lol
It's 4:14 pacific time standard and it's currently airing on Comedy Central. Eerie as fuck if you ask me
Now ask her how her day was.
[deleted]
it's okay to be that person because now everybody knows that you don't quite get the picture at all.. going out on a limb here I would assume you are not a fan of futurama
Why would I do that?
In Latvia, everyone is malnourish.
He's got male jelly coming out the wazoo.
Well that is were it comes from.
FTFY

Yeah this post was the tipping point to me unsubscribing it. So tired of this title
It's not like the sub was ever anything other than this.
Well, thanks for all the awesome content you've contributed! Oh wait, you haven't contributed much of anything except for whining about others! So brave!
I have, actually. I delete my accounts every half year or so. I used to contribute a lot.
Thanks
What a coincidence! I contribute anonymously . And delete my account later too! So there's no proof! We must be twins!
This is actually on RIGHT NOW. Coincidence, or different time zone. You be the judge.
It was on in German television a few hours ago
I saw it in the states earlier today
I just played that episode on DVD...
I watched it on Netflix...
Hasn't come in yet on Omicron Persei 8...
Give it a thousand years.
Hahahaha - this is bizzare. This ep was shown here in NZ tonight, was playing an hour ago...
"Are you suffering from internal parasites?" -a true ladie's lobster :)
"Well, first I got up and had a piece of toast."
"Then I brushed my teeth..."
"SHUUUTT  UUUPPPP!!!!!!"
 I'm confused, Fry. I'm feeling a strange new emotion I have never felt before. Is it love when you care for a female for reasons beyond mating?. Nope. Must be some weird, alien emotion. 
Is desire to mate a feeling?
You're not even trying 
I've seen this headline so many times..It's amazing you people love Futurama for one joke.
Dae not like screen cap post?
DAE like .?
Titles are hard.
I call it, a time to kill.
They come on Monday to demolish. So we had some fun with markers after the last dinner party in the old kitchen.
Fantastic!
I third this.And also I like the natural wood look
Don't you worry about paint, let me worry about blank.
I would buy one in a heartbeat 
OH. YOUR. GOD.
Shut up and take my money!
Was this CNC'd? I'd love to have the file for it...
I logged in to both my accounts so I could upvote this twice. Doesn't happen often, but this is incredible!
I would give upwards of $80 for it, if only I had $80.... 
I would paint it. Looks like plywood to me, and if you don't paint it the end grain would look bad. Along with the cutout circle by the text.
DON'T PAINT IT!!!!!! It's AWESOME IN THE NATURAL WOOD!! Just sayin'.......
I'll take eight!.
But real talk, I think it looks great as is. Maybe make another to paint, depending how easy it is to make one... great work, buddy! :)
I also say no to paint, that is awesome just as is!
If you use a dark stain on the base and a light stain on the letters/rocket, it would look infinitely better than paint..Great work.
Ha, an x-post from one of the random subreddits I subscribe to! Glad it started here. 
Next month's rent is just going to have to wait
shut up, and take my money.  no seriously ill pay you to make me one.  I'm only skilled with my own wood. 
I will take one how much!?
Should just clear it and make it into a clock
Hey, can you keep me updated with this?
Put a nice coat of Electric Mucus on the ship!
Wow, this is amazing. What do you plan on doing with it? 
I want to buy this. 
I second this
I third this
Holy crap that's cool. It looks great just the way it is too.
This gave me a boner.  I am a girl.
Might wanna get that looked at.
I wanna look at that
Mine or her's?.... or Both?
I must this!
Momma want!!!
Neat!
This is overused but shutupandtakemymoney.jpg..But seriously you should sell them.
He can't really sell them. At least not just like that. Copyright issues.
Got a template for this and/or any "in progress" pics? Looks great!
Don't paint it, it's too nice for that. Just put on a nice finish to seal the wood
ha! seal...
I'm with everyone else, I'd also love one of these for my room. Is this guy a shark or what?!
This is incredible! What skill you have! You should think about selling these, I would purchase one. 
Yes, I would also purchase an unpainted one, possibly with some varnish.  KEEP US UPDATED!
Yes, put me down for an order.
Don't paint it!
The wood is so beautiful, why would you even want to paint over it!
I agree, a nice coat of stain and lacquer and it will look perfect.
Looks pretty cool as is.  Maybe just do a clear coat of poly or something.
Varnish would be cool. A darker one for the ship though. 
Agree, as the son of a woodworker, it'd be a damn shame to cover up that nice wood grain with paint. 

[deleted]
but are you glad that you are being downvoted? 

Gif is better.
 has spoken , let it be so.
It is so.
And now it is known.
Decreed unto time for all to hear 
You can't just shop a brain slug on a girls nail and call it Futurama. 
these nails say "I've never had to do a day's worth of real work in my life!"
It isn't shopped, I think it is made of some sort of clay and is glued to her nail.
Sugru would be an awesome material for making those tiny slugs.
I myself have not been much to paint my nails like this, but if I ever do get the time I will definitely try your suggestion. :) 
[deleted]
I, like many females these days, am nail polish obsessed and kind of can't stand impractical manicures but I would absolutely rock this, in all it's impracticality..Edit: English
I work IT and when I see a keyboard thats all worn from a women with huge finger nails, I cringe. .How do you type?!!?!
My nails aren't that long personally but if they're your natural nails its surprisingly easy.

Why not Zoidberg?
On to new business. Today's mission is for all of you to go to the Brain Slug Planet..Zoidberg: What are we going to do there?.Just walk around not wearing a helmet.
Let's ditch him and go to the movies instead.
That comment says "I've never been respectful to anyone in my life"
good one!
Just doing my part to confront dickery where I find it.
"hmm I wonder if I leave a third comment, will they downvote that, too?".It was just a joke son, I don't really have any feels about this person's nails. But good job, you really taught me a lesson.
Good. Take that lesson to heart.
Now maybe you can move on with your life as a half-decent human being.
I posted that 4 hours ago. 1 hour ago, you felt like chiming in for some reason. so now, after I had nearly forgotten I had even see this, here you are brilliantly telling me to move on with my life. Do I need to elaborate on how dumb that is, or do you see it?
It would be dumb if this was a real-life conversation, but generally we apply different rules.

Oh God that thing scared the piss out of me.
What if fry brought back seymour
What if that thing I just said?
What if school didn't exist, and everyone was born with all the knowledge of the universe
What if Futurama never existed?
That corner over there . It crawl and hide there
What if the Toronto maple leafs won a cup? 
What if the Cubs were good?
possible future too implausible to predict. 
Nuclear Holocaust more likely
What if the professor actually put forth effort to make a cleaning burning robot? (Won't that mean Bender would've have never existed?)
Depends, the multiple universe theory could mean he would still exist in at least one of the clean burning differences, maybe his personality is different or his manufacturing home instead of made in Mexico he could be bender Chang 
Seor Bender Chang? I'd take his Spanish drinking 101 class!
What if comedy central didn't cancel Futurama
i guess we would have more futurama
What if i made my own futurama with black jack and hookers?
In fact... screw the black jack and the hookers!
Logging in?.I would do anything to save Futurama, but I won't do that.
So this fucking Two and Half Men gets 10 seasons but not Futurama?.Are we still getting Season 7 part 2 though?
It has run its course. 
Whilst it would be great it the show would continue, David X. Cohen has already said they're done for good this time. 
Actually both Groening and Cohen are looking for a new home for the series. 
That's interesting, I read a quote from Cohen on this very subreddit where he stated it was the end and he was just happy they had such a good run. 
I read somewhere that Futurama isn't getting cancelled, it's .. As in they're writing the end to the story. There's no point in trying to "save" it in this case.
It ended a long time ago, they have just been making us happy for the last while. 
I think I'd rather it end on a high note than keep watching it get raised from the dead. As much as I love the show, I'm ready to say goodbye.
If the future of futurama is relying on people logging in to vote, consider it dead.

Call me.
Gunter's back!
1080p please. What is this, the 2000s?
finally it worked..third time is a charm
Awesome, but needs blackjack and hookers.
Scrap the blackjack.
ThinkGeek has the hypnotoad vinyl figure in stock again in case you were having trouble finding it. Bought one as soon as I saw it.
Bought it by the way. Now where to put it....
I know, right? I opened the box expecting it to be a little bigger than the blind box ones. That thing is huge. Apparently they're making a big zoidberg one too
Can I have your penguin clock? It's magnificent!
I actually stole that out of an abandoned RV behind an abandoned roller-skating rink in East County San Diego about 8 years ago. One of my most prized possessions..edit: Forgot a crucial part of the story.
Seriously dude, thing is massive, and it's quite possibly my new favorite piece in the collection.
Well, I finally found someone who is a bigger fan of Futurama than I am. All these years, I thought I was at the top of the food chain.
I want to make a game where you name a character and then you go in turns quoting that character until you can't think of any more. That would separate the laymen from the uberfans. No google..Edit: Spelling.
Well, I'm impressed
Why thank you!
I am drooling over that damned clock
I'll trade you for a NIB Toynami Destructor. Is it worth $100 to you? Hahahah. But seriously I love that thing.
Nah, you can keep it. 
I'll draft a will stating that when I die it goes to penguinkitten.
Aww I feel so honored!
I have a question that I would really appreciate an answer to: what possesses people to collect things? What does the thing they collect say about them?
Why does this dude get downvoted? I think it's a great question and when I get a second I'll answer it.
I collect things mostly for my own sake. I like to look up at my collection and smile. See all my favorite characters from my favorite show chilling all in one place. Also I like to know that I made an investment that could appreciate in value. I was pretty smart about it and paid below market value for everything there (except that series 1 tineez). There's something satisfying about having a complete set of them as well. Having all the KidRobots is like having decked out a wow character in all top tier gear or getting all the achievements/trophies in your favorite game..What it says about me is that I'm a little obsessive. I had (at one point) some disposable income. And that I fucking love Futurama..Thankfully I do have a girlfriend because the one thing I worry about is one day bringing a girl home and having to explain my wall of nerdcrimination. No shame just potential explaining to have to be done. Maybe my GF secretly especially appreciates it for that reason.
That shadowbox is great!
Thankies!
Been waiting for this day. You rule.
Very cool. I'm entirely jealous of the Robot Devil Kid Robot figure
Today is your day, it's geedmat's cakeday, what a day for a cakeday, let's all have some cake!
Fitting name hahaha. Robot Devil was in the case of blind boxes I got. Was such a magical moment to open him.
And you smell like one too
You want a tattoo, TREAT YO SELF!!!!!!!!!
It's like a smelly mirror!
But.... Just one use could destroy the whole universe?!?!
Right. Right. No more than 3 or 4 times.
Ya! Guenter's successful!
If anyone were to pick this show up, it should Netflix
I think this would fit Netflix's business model fantastically, considering it has a great audience outside the US. I think on-demand distribution on its own would yield much greater ratings. 
you're right i didn't even think of that
Ewwww
For some reason this makes me want to watch a live action futurama movie. Though I hold no hope that it would be good if it happened. 
This actually comes from an album with almost all of the main characters in the same style. A quick Google leads . ;D
Curiously enough, he probably built a ..
my last name is Bender, i like to drink, smoke, and gamble
I read this part in the Professor's angry voice:
Its frustrating having four years to get to a single point go down the drain, Farnsworth said. And its silly. Its a science fair. Seriously, arent they supposed to be promoting science and not bureaucracy?
Good nyews everyone!
Hermes .
Professor 

"Its a science fair. Seriously, arent they supposed to be promoting science and not bureaucracy?" - Conrad Farnsworth
Cool! Where did you get these?
I found the image on Google.  I was talking with a friend about how cool it would be if they made Futurama Legos so I looked it up.  It looks like a few people have made it a hobby.

That is awesome.  Thanks for finding the source!
awesome.  my 10 year old would love this!
awesome to the max
*Lego. There is no such thing as Legos.
Well, excuse me!
Oh your god! That's amazing!
Sorry to shoot this down but as cool as this is he did not make this. I saw this years ago and even put it on a birthday slides how for my Father
This is a line I am surprised I don't use more often.  .Which is odd because I have been saying "non-biting otter" more than I have the title post while working at a tech support place.
Don't worry, I printed this out quite large and it's on the wall of my office.
Someone said Howitzer!
Funniest HAS TO  BE "Bend Her" nuff said.Most Emotional would be luck of the Fryish or "Leela's Homeworld".Most rewatchable: "Teenage Mutant Leela's Hurdles".Episode that best captures futurama: The Pilot.Personal favorite(s): Bend Her, Bender Gets Made, and The Anthology of Interest episodes
Not even Jurassic Bark?
Jurassic Bark was pretty sad and DEFINITELY rose some feels, but it just didn't make me feel the same way as these.
 Amazon Women In The Mood (Because it's probably the most quotable episode for me and episodes with Zapp in them are always hilarious). Luck Of The Fryish (Right in the feels...the one with Seymour is pretty sad too but I've seen this one more recently so the pain is still fresh). Mother's Day (Hilarious episode, never get tired of "nothing in here but a couple of elephant skin rugs"). Roswell That Ends Well (award winning episode, so well written and hilarious for many reasons "A buffet, oh if only I brought my wallet..." "Uh...it's free" "BLAHHHHH!!!"). Deep South (this was my first "favourite" Futurama episode, but I love all the first four seasons equally so I'm just choosing this one for the sake of choosing one. "He may have ocean madness, but that's no excuse for ocean rudeness!")
What happens in luck of the fryrish again? I can't remember.
He thinks his brother Nancy took his identity and became famous but it turns out it was his nephew named after him. 
Oh yeah. I thought that Jurrasic Bark was way sadder though.
Funny: Roswell that ends well, because honestly fry banging his grandma is so disgustingly hilarious it can never be beat.Emotional: Seymour, of course. Still kicks me in the feels everytime.Rewatch: the pilot or iRoommate, because they set up the entire series.Best captures the series: Fry gets the parisites, because it has everything, wacky aliens, fry being stupid, the awkward fry-Leela romance, bit of emotional story (note fry-leela), professors crazy invention (tiny avatar robots), and more.Favorite: The one where the business is taken over by the 80's business guy and fry is his #2. Idk, i guess i just liked seeing fry be such an idiot while being #2 in command
Funniest: Three Hundred Big Boys (coffee coffee coffee, one art please, rolled by queen elizabeth in her wild years, whale biologist...I'm sitting here cracking up just typing these).Most Emotional: Jurassic Bark aka Seymour (I actually really like most of this episode, some great lines, but I pretty much refuse to watch it watching it because of the feels at the end).Most Rewatchability: Roswell That Ends Well (One of my favorites, I love the storyline, and so many great jokes.).Episode that best captures Futurama: A Big Piece of Garbage (Honestly I had a hard time with this one.  Id rather show something from season 1, because later episodes have well developed jokes that wouldnt make sense to a new comer.  I think this episode has alot of great moments from many characters, even outside of the main crew).Personal Favourite: Three Hundred Big Boys (although, honestly its a 3-way tie with Roswell That Ends Well and Luck of the Fryish.  I love these three, all three to me are very funny and never get old.)


well done. 
Reminds me of Monty Python
Flying circus
Awww which one? I can't remember to have watched that python :)
100% I was going to say the very same thing.
 :)
What About Soy'd Burg? Is gold. Pure fucking gold 
They should have had one with everything but anchovies, and one with my personal all-time favourite topping, anchovies
Ah yes Vinnie's on Bedford. I love going to Vinnie's before jumping on to the L. I always get two slices with mushrooms. .They have a garbage can that says "T.Hanks" The 'T' is a picture of tom hanks.
Are these pizzas or just apps and burgers, etc. that are offered in addition to the pizza at Vinnie's?  They sound yummy either way.
Was this the Greenpoint or the Bedford location?? Gonna have to check it out!
Relevant username :C
That Phillip J Fried potato sounds awesome
Instant manly tears on sight. 
, it's gonna be a while before I can get there for these deals.
I'm sad now :(
Am I the only who hears the "I will wait for you song" every time I see Seymour?
Yay Vinnies!! Now I want a Mac Attack! 
T.Hanks for sharing.
I do like it  the vegan burger sounds tasty. 
A thousand summers... I will wait for you
Aaaaand I'm sad.
Is this vinnies in savannah? Seems like one of the few places a scad student could actually make money with their degree.
Upboat plx if u cry evrytyme
wheres the sardines?
Such feels, every time I see that dog
What? No anchovies? 
Close, but I'm pretty sure it's this ..
One Black Bean Avocado and one Buffalo was always my go-to meal.
There is no pizza items on that menu...
Those are the toppings.
not cool.
Oh shit, the feels.
haha this is awesome! what city?
Hey, Professor Hawking!  What do you want today, your usual?
I call it a Hawking Chamber.
Stephen Hawking in a pizzeria? Hogwash. 
Sorry to say this, but.........no one cares for you
Ahh this guy 
I care for you, bro. Even if nobody else does.
No. Today I'd like something good.
You're all right, Hawking.  I'll make you your usual!
just throw it in the trash.
Brooklyn 
I love vinnies!
What's the deal with all the cheddar in a Brooklyn pizzeria? Seems highly uncharacteristic of NY pizza.
if i'm recalling right a ton of local cheeses are made out on long island which has a large farming community, i'm assuming they're attempting to use local stuff
Pizza goin' out. COME ON!
Quit pickin your nose and KNEAD THAT DOUGH!
I spent weeks trying to forget that scene.....fuck you

You heartless bastard.
Sounds really yummy, not one but TWO vegetarian options in a single menu. IT IS A MIRACLE! 
Great place in Brooklyn.  They do pretty tasty vegan pizzas, too.
Oh, great. I'll take the train!.Ya know, the Imagination train from Dallas to Brooklyn. :(
Sorry, buddy.  Just trying to inform.  I wasn't trying to assume you lived here.  There's just more vegetarians here, after all. :/
I wasn't meaning that to come out dickish, it was supposed to be wry. .I would kill to live in New York, sorry for the misunderstanding. Please enjoy a delicious vegan slice for a poor little Texan, please?
A vegan texan? Is that even legal?
You got it, Ogbu!
Hahaha! Oh, yes. .I even grew up in a very isolated town of 700, mostly ranches.
 Noped out of there three days after HS graduation and moved to the biggest metroplex we have. Make no mistake, people think it is . weird. But yes, despite the "beef brainwashing" as I like to call it, I am indeed vegan. :)
I hope they don't use . as Panucci's.
If I made a pizza parlor and called it Panucci's, and it came with those boxes and actually spoke when you opened them...Would you use a scooty puff junior to talk with the brains as earth's ambassador?
It's only been 23 minutes you dumb-a canolli
Scooty Puff Jr. suuuuucks. 
In a thousand years, I'll get right on it.
assuming they serve spaghetti as well, the same 
I love how happy Seymour is there.
Awesome! Though I'm a bit disappointed that there aren't any anchovies there...
There should definitely have been -.''Pizza with all toppings minus anchovies''
''Fry favourite, Pizza with anchovies''
Do you have any idea how much those things cost? 
~$4.3B
Didn't he buy them for 50 million?
That's right. The $4B was the start up money and I forgot he went on a spending spree before the anchovies scene.
Reminds me of Bob's Burgers. :)
I went looking and found precisely what I hoped existed:
This is one of my favorite gags of the show... always worth watching just to see what's on the board.
I know Big Vinny said he was giving me the kiss of death, but I still think he was gay. 
Your username is straight up ridiculous 
Yea, there's no cheese. Plain queefaroni is just wrong.
Did he use his tongue?
A little.
:/

Haha awesome! I've been looking for a new ringtone and this one is too good to not have, thank you!
Glad to help I love Bender for ringtones!
I'm pretty sure this is final fantasy VI....
That's a fantastic reference. 
Doesn't FFIV predate Futurama by like 8 years?
It looks more like they've just listed them alphabetically
Just noticed that yesterday infact. I put on that season, and when the movies changed, it was wrong. Totally threw me for a loop!
Noticed this the other day too... I still watched them out of order because I'm a lazy ass-turd.
I noticed the same thing, but on episodes.
"just cause I got a hotel in my foot doesn't make me GOOGLEY MOOGELY MOOGELY"

oh wow 
Ah ha ., HA haha 
Do we have to take a picture of . outdoor lamp that looks like Roberto. I know how many there are, and I'll give you a hint: It's all of them.
HA HAAAAAAA
I wish I had a fungineering degree
"At least I died doing what I love" as fry runs on over
Bam! Zoom! Straight to the moon!
That's not how it happened...
I don't see your degree in Fungineering.
somebody just got a new Bradford,
What ep is this I must know for science
im going to miss him the most :(
I think you'd enjoy 
It's "Into the Wild Green Yonder".
And that, Ladies and Gentlemen of the US, is your government in a nutshell.
I love how awesome a parody Zapp is of Captain Kirk. Kirk would play the odds and win, or at least twist them so he can. Zapp doesn't. Simply doesn't. Whether it's because he's stupid, or doesn't care, it's hard to tell, but it's apparent the he has the habit of always choosing the worst possible option..He also has some of the best lines.."I am the man with no name, Zapp Brannigan, at your service!"
In one of the commentaries they describe Zapp as being like if Shatner had been the captain of the Enterprise, instead of just playing the character.
I thought that Zapp was supposed to be Captain Kirk playing as William Shatner.
What episode is this?
Roberto should consider getting one
They can't do this all day. 
I'm bored at work so I actually called that number.  No knife...
Any goid stabbin knives?
It's from the "movie" (which has also been broken up into "episodes"), 
[deleted]
5 is the number for K.
Does someone has this scene somewhere? I don't feel like watching the whole movie but really want to see this scene.
If only there was some way to go . through a movie in a . sort of manner so you could watch a desired scene without watching the entire film. But apparently nothing like this exists. Oh well. Bet they do in the future!
OH MY GOD HE TRIED TO KILL ME IN MY SLEE--Woah, is that the stag horn?
Never noticed the 1-800-4-NIFE before....Gotta love all the little details that make this show amazing no matter how many times you watch it.
Actually no, it's a katana. 
Unless that phone number was taken already.
[deleted]
We're talking about the future here, a world where all of the whole numbers in Blurnsball have been retired and they've resorted to fractions.  Just a hunch, but the numbers could have been separated from letters, especially since pretty much every cellphone in the past few years has had a keyboard..
I suppose I'm just killing the joke here, instead of appreciating it like you.
Well, I don't own the movie and don't feel like downloading it (or buying it) for only one scene
It's on Netflix. There's also this great new video hosting and sharing site called YouTube that may have it. 
I don't have netflix and of course I've looked on youtube first, and it wasn't there, so I asked here since it wasn't on youtube and couldn't find it on google neither.
Well that sounds like a "you" problem
So?.I never tried to pretend that it was a common problem, . asked for a link for . because . didn't have access to it..If someone was cool with uploading it, well go on, if not, who cares? I would've liked to watch that scene but it wasn't on youtube so I thought "Hey, why not ask on a Futurama fan community? Maybe someone will do it" and simply asked a question.Stop acting so butthurt and passive-agressive because someone asked something. I didn't whine that I couldn't see it, I just asked because I couldn't, of course there are alternatives, I can torrent it, go buy it at HMV, go rent it, buy it on Amazon...and asking on a Futurama forum. That's one of these these alternatives.
Well hm, maybe, as an avid Futurama fan and watcher, I didn't appreciate your negativity towards watching the whole film. You could have at least worded it better. 
Correct me if I'm wrong but have you considered remote viewing? 
I'm sorry? English is not my first tongue, I never heard the term "remote viewing" so googling it, all I get is "extra-sensory perception".Unless you mean watching it with the use of a remote (so skipping throught the scenes) but then again, I don't own the movie, hence why I asked the first time.
All I meant is that I did not feel like watching it today, but I've seen it many times back when I had all the seasons on my computer (before I lost everything) / when I had netflix.
Get out...GET OUT! 
I'll take eight!
I like when it breaks after he throws it at bender. 
That in itself is another reference. Google the item number and you see the video they were making fun of. 
Oh god, it's like the same voices... 
Ah yes without even looking I remember now. It's the guy with the sword. Lol..
Futurama is the best!
John DiMaggio is a great voice actor.
For the lazy 

Aw! Is that the staghorn???
It is staghorn not the cheaper manticore horn.
At this price? That has got to be a mistake, put a clock on this on...TWO MINUTES!
We should start a petition to make bender a real honorary globetrotter 

Spot on, indeed!
you'd better be best freaking friends with your coworker that's awesome 
Technically, you don't draw photos.... Just sayin'
You are technically correct... Which is the best kind of correct.
What's a CNC class and why didn't I have one?.That's a gorgeous project, well done.
Time makes fools of us all!
Not sure if based on meme.or TV show.....Awesome! 
WWU?
that is absolutely fantastic. 
Very cool! Nice Job.
A lot of people probably said; "Oh, I love that meme!"
very cool.. maybe you should sell em? 
I want that its so cool
Not sure if 2:01, or 2:02.
Thanks bud
I CNC what you did there.
You're a technical genius. The best kind of genius.
CNC stands for computer navigated control, which controls a milling machine or a lathe.
Whoa whoa whoa what do you mean you guys? 
Yup yup! 
Damn dude awesome clock
It's numerical control but close enough! 
Not sure if AM or PM...
Commentary on that episode states that in the script it was described as a "crazy bottle". David X. Cohen was amazed they let them keep it in the show.
if i wanted to watch futurama i would have been watching futurama 
Please stop reposting the front page.
Cheech and chong now on sale in head shop
Hermes looks so ancy. 
Antsy .Now you know, and knowing is half the battle. 
Source: 
What episode?
Bendin' in the Wind - Season 3 
The funniest part about this for me was that of all people Hermes is the only person to actually react to this.
Many thanks kind sir. Off to watch it right now
What did you mean when you said "i laughed a little too hard". Too hard for what?
Just watched this today, brief thought went through my mind, maybe I should post on reddit.  Nah someone else will do it.
I love how Hermes was the only one that was truly "woahed".
Hermes is probably suprised fry has his bong
One of my favorites!  Another....Zapp: "The key to a woman's heart is her parents.  Have sex with them, and you're in!"
"That's not a cigar... and it's not mine!"

Hermes' face is amazing!
Oh really? You consulted the Ministry of Approved Amounts of Mirth and they gave you a specific amount of laughter allowed and you .Oh wait this is just an awful title for a mediocre repost..Shame.
Come on, man....This image gets posted to this sub, ., or . on a weekly basis.  
That title...what is this, .?
[deleted]
A duel?
A dual what?
dual duels....need two more volunteers though
I'm not into gay stuff.
sword fight!
tummy sticks!
Well this was actually funny so it really belongs in 
"Yeah you've got to legalize it!"."We're talking about robo marriage"."We're talking about lots of things"
"We're talking about lots of .".Haha, that's definitely one of my favorite lines from the show. 
*"We're talkinabot lotsa tings."
"Who ever said that was a thing we could do? Also, . do? Seriously, we've got our own problems with these sentient carrots that we don't really want to bother babysitting a person from the stupid-ages.".-the Future
Here is a picture of both Mom and Nibbler both come with box and accessories, Nibbler comes with the small pamphlet
[IMG]. 
I wish I could have these. They don't sell then in England as far as I know 
Yes please send them to 176 new New York planet express for I.C. Wiener... Also grab a pizza
wikipedia is listing the season via the DVD bundle, which is a hodgepodge of reordering of episodes in late S03 and early S04 of the televised dates..netflix is showing them in their original air order on fox with respect to which season they actually existed in.
Thank you kind Sir. for this fine explanation. 
There's only one episode of those that I haven't seen, but I have to agree all of those listed are amazing and memorable in so many different ways.  Great read!
Thank you so much! As you can tell, I really gravitate towards the ones with a solid emotional core! What are some of your favorites?
I fucking HATED the Duh Vinci Code. It made no sense even for a cartoon about the future and I couldn't enjoy it at all. Too whimsical for my tastes..The other 9 episodes are all fantastic though.
I love that one.  My favorite "new" episode.
I agree man, the Duh Vinci Code is my least favorite Futurama episode ever.
Thanks for reading! Yeah, I figured that one would be the most divisive. For me, a lot of the jokes landed and I always try to rewatch it when I see it on TV...but it's definitely not one of the consensus greats.
I'm in the weird position of agreeing I really enjoy the episode, but chiefly for the art style, which wasn't mentioned. Where else can you see an alien planet designed by Leonardo da Vinci? 
Agreed, that is the only Futurama episode I dislike.  And that includes the latest televised season.
Hey everyone, I am the author of this piece and I just wanted to thank you all for reading it! Futurama is definitely one of those shows that engenders a sense of community between its fans, and I'm so glad that this list has inspired some spirited discussion!
Great list! Is there a place where I can find your previous article (which the title mentioned)?
Thank you so much! Here's a link to the first article I wrote. 
This really is a great list. Well Done
I agree with most of these, but yea I don't think I could put The Duh Vinci Code in top 10 would probably replace with overclockwise also has an emotional ending with Fry and Leela reading their futures together. Also would have Godfellas higher and Time keeps on slippin lower. .All in all good list though
I thought the end of over clockwise was pretty lame.  It's like they were trying too hard to have and "emotional" ending like some of the classic episodes.
Thank you so much for reading! Overclockwise is definitely a really good one! 
I can kind of see why it may have looked forced because at the time they weren't renewed for another season yet and if it was to end it would have ended with us knowing that fry and leela ended up together at some point, had some shit go down and then ended happy, well at least judging from facial expressions. Thats my take anyway cause Comedy Central has always been slow on renewing Futurama since they started airing it.
Np and again I say good job on the article
Got this from ., however trying to go through comedy central website it seems to just say one episode..
When I looked at my guide it said 2-D blacktop a d Fry and Leela's big fling were going to be on. 
I think the date is just wrong for Episode 17; it's probably 3 July. They usually show 2 episodes back-to-back for the season premier, and doesn't make sense to skip over Ep 16...
Muy macho
Now find the summer guy. 
My account's name and I approve this post
Fishy Joe will not be pleased.
All we know is that he's not Zoidberg, but he is Zoidberg's Mexican cousin. 
[deleted]
Yes it is. 
My mother was a saint!
por qu no Zoidberg?
woop woop woop woop woop
[deleted]
Go on. 
[deleted]
That is correct! Small world. 
And the winner is... Hot rod Zoidberg. Kshhhhhhhhhh kshhhhhhh

Por qu no Zoidberg?
He's there to ruin your drinking water
Damn. Beat me to it.
Hey! I find that offensive!
You latins are so hot blooded
Hecho en Mexico.

Is it my boy Scruffy ?
Nah , it's Nibbler's shadow , in the bottom left corner .
Sure its Nibbler?? Looks a lot like a certain main character image from a certain website 
Why is the shadow there?
Don't know exactly .
But there was a post where they say they plan futurama episodes ridiculously far ahead .
Maybe the answer will be in future episodes .
Or maybe we just missed it .
The music that plays here has legitimately brought tears to my eyes.

baby bender is ridiculously adorable
Hermes' eye goes over the glasses
How many years has passed between this episode and Bendless Love where Bender was pointed out to be four years old? I know people have pointed out nobody knows what happened inside the machine (commentary), but this has been screwing with my head since I first saw it. .In Teenage Mutant Leela's Hurdles, we were shown how Bender started from a blueprint, to a 'baby' bender, to a child bender, to a teenaged rebel bender..I know robots 'evolve' at a much faster rate, so did this scene happen right before Bender came out of the assembly line? He grew from a baby to an 'adult' bending unit in however short time that took?.Help me out here, I'm going insane!
"The only human's opinion I even remotely respect or care about!"
Dude futurama is by far the greatest animated series to ever existed i don't think we'll ever let it stay dead
le memes
[SPOILERS].She's not an orphan, that was revealed in an episode in season 4 episode 10 "Leela's Homewold".
You don't know what an orphan is do you?
Comedy Central has made many egregious cuts of jokes, short scenes and dialogue besides the intro, which is one of the reasons I haven't liked the fact that CC took up their episodes. It infuriates me.
Yep, they ran . yesterday and they cut out part of the cold open- they ended it at the end of the PlanEx ad.
And In a clock work origin the part were Leela questions the science Mobile is cut
Why would they tell us to set our DVRs and then proceed to explain the entire plot of the episode?
Yeah this should be properly tagged as this article spoiled quite a lot. 
I don't know if I can get used to the idea of Fry and Leela getting married. 

There is no season 10. The current season of Futurama is the latter half of season 7. 
Thank you so much for clarifying that for me.  I was going off the last set of episodes on iTunes with Zoidberg's image in the thumbnail.  They call that season "." for some reason which is where my confusion came from.
luck of the fryish, definitely. seymour was a loyal friend til fry was frozen, they had great times together, and fry recognizes that and is able to move on. not to mention that on his way to becoming lars, he has seymour with him the whole time. so he did get a second chance..in luck of the fryish, fry went his whole life thinking yancy hated him when really he was just jealous and loved him very much. that hit me in the feels so hard. oh man... i'm tearing up just thinking about it.
I say Luck of the Fryish...more feels that Fry never got to realize that his brother didn't hate him as much as he thought while Yancy was still alive, it's too far gone and he will never get another chance...That's my opinion anyways, both great episodes though.
Man, I can't wait to choose between my two favorite kids one day.
Of course, in the 1st movie we see that both Yancy and Seymour actually got to live out their lives never missing Fry because the Lars/ Fry duplicate was standing in. 
They both make me cry! D:
Luck of the Fryish is sad, but by the end of the episode we learn that Yancy, despite their rough childhood, did love Fry - enough so to name his son after him..With Jurassic Bark, it's just awful and sad. It's the one episode I can't watch.
Yeah! So really neither episode is really that sad. Little Fry got to spend time with his Uncle Fry and Seymour lived with Fry the Marine Biologist.
Yea, I agree with everything you said, including the tearing up part.
Luck for the same reason
This is how they should finish futurama, with one last movie done in this style.
I never realized Kiff 
We want Scruffy!
That Zoidberg looks a little too epic
He needs his coat intact and a bit more skittish 
Needs more bulging pouches of pink fat cracking through his shell.
Morbo looks awesome.
I wish they did fry, I'm curious to see what his hair would look like
Zoidberg looks fucking bad ass!
Aww Nibbler!
I'm thinking... horn extensions!
Fry (or at least his outfit and possibly hair) was based on 
Nibbler is no longer cute; but great effort though
ahh please take the picture of leela out of my head
"Universe just a hoax". Good details for Morbo
Richard Nixon encouraging panic is completely in character as well.
Zoidberg is just plain terrifying 
Leela's eye is way too small
Please, never make a live action Futurama episode. That shit will scare the hell out of me.
Awesome! That'd be cool to see an animated movie like this, or a short
Anyone else still think Lelia is hawt???
Nibbler is scary compared to his cute little self in the show.  These characters should just stay cartoons...
I think he looks reasonably cute. I surely would adopt it as a pet if I found it on a soon to be destroyed planet.
Good luck cleaning his poo up
Nibbler is also black and more doglike then apelike 
Leela looks Puerto Rican to me.
needed more zapp brannigan. 
no fry or bender?
I loved the zoidberg!
Farnsworth wears glasses, not goggles.
I had 1000th upvote! You're welcome.
Leela and Zoidberg are the stuff of nightmares.
Nibbler is going to give me nightmares..
Wheres fry?
this is creepy as all hell. i actually feel a little sick
Question: Are these actually "rendered" or are they just art work with shadows and shading
Confirmed, Leela's still hot in real life.
leelas eye should be a bit bigger,but overall awesome, especially Morvo
Leela looks great.
Zoidberg looks like he should be fighting Godzilla in one of the old 1950s films.
What, no Fry?
GOOD NEWS EVERYONE!
Zoidberg looks like Cthulhu.... which makes me feel mixed feelings. .It doesn't feel like Zoidberg but god damn does it look badass.  

I think the Morbo one does him justice
Indeed.
Lrr looks fucking awesome.  would not fuck with that dude.
Oh I would ... :)
Kif kind of reminds me of Roger from American Dad.
I think they also made him look angry (which is probably why he looks more like Roger) rather than sad/hopeless/defeated/pathetic.
Best Morbo quote:
Morbo is pleased, yet sticky.
Tonight at 11: 
My favorite Morbo Quote:
My friend and I always enjoyed "Stop it, it's fine. I will destroy you!" as his wife fixes his bow tie 
[sigh]
That's why not Zoidberg.
I thought Leela was supposed to have a melon-sized eyeball. I believe I remember a line about "One bloodshot melon-sized eyeball." 

[deleted]
Dat's ze joke!

"But what about me, Bender?"
And Fry. They didn't have Fry. And I personally think he'd be the easiest. 
Like Fry!  Like Fry!
Forget Bender, where's Flexo??

That was my thought too, I mean they even had the Robot Devil but no Bender?
I'll go make my own render, with blackjack and hookers!
In fact, forget the render!
A bender render.  
A  . Bender render
 is the best I can find of him. 
Looks like a robot on fallout
It is supposed to be 3d right?
Nice, except Nibbler is supposed to be cute, not a nasty-looking three-eyed Gollum. But that's just my $0.02.
I think Nibbler here looks like a character out of a Dr. Seuss book, or one of the new movies.
I think it looks like a dog. In a good way.
I prefer this render of Farnsworth  .. 
I love how they have him at an angle so you can really see the thickness of the specs.
This one is much better.  He's wearing actual glasses and not steampunk goggles. 
Uhhh am I the only one getting a picture of Aziz Ansari making a befuddled face?
EEWW
I've had that picture on the front page of my company's website for almost two years now.
I'm getting a white guy smiling... I upvoted anyway because he's kinda hot.
And . of Zoidberg
This one is wrong, rats aren't the pest on futurama's universe, zoidberg would be holding an owl instead :D
Oh my, yes.
To shreds you say?
How is his wife holding up? ....To shreds you say...
That Leela is terrifying.
If her eye was slightly higher on her face it wouldn't look so damn creepy.
It's weird, I guess I'm so used to seeing the cartoon version that I think nothing of it, but when I see that, ::shudder::
absolutly,  i cant figure out if im attracted or repulsed

professor is spot on though.
She looks like Sarah Conner
She looks like Sarah Connor.
YEP! Even with one eye it's easy to see...
I'd do her
I think she looks hot, it's just the normal size eye that makes it weird, whereas the cartoon she has a grapefruit sized eye... Well, wait. I guess just being a cyclops makes it weird, regardless of eye size. 
Also the fact that it's connected to her nose...
And the eyebrow with the weird tilt ...
These "realistic" renderings always just end up looking bleak and ugly.  The artists seem to go our of their way to make them in that style, which is why I prefer to say that these are "artistically reimagined" or something of that nature rather than "realistic", as (other than being in 3D) they're no more realistic than the original cartoons.
FTFY
Apartment 1i.  The old me would have made a joke about that!
Now we all know why people in the cartoon think she's ugly..When watching the cartoon I've always thought, "Hey, she doesn't look that bad... for a cartoon."  .Then when it's reality her looks make me jump back a bit.
she has had a number of attractive and successful male suitors... 
I think it would've been possible to make her pretty in the render though..A quick google brings . . ..
I like 2 the best. Her eye is in proportion without looking too weird...
The 3rd is deep in the uncanny valley...
The eye on 2 is . too small.
I like the first one best.

Not as bad but it still feels too low on her face.
I think it has to do with her brow, it's almost like it turns into a sideburn because of the shadows.
It's . creepy. 
way better!! ohh that Turanga 
Her eye is too small. I know this was supposed to be realistic and realistically a single eye would be that small but it doesn't . like Leela.
you're right, bigger tits needed lol
Her eye is wayyyy too low on her face. It's practically on her nose.
It's level with where the eye would be (midpoint of the head). The reason you see it like that is because a two-eyed person's nose meets their brow between the pupils.
This doesn't . like Leela.
Leela's eye is way bigger than that. In fact it covers almost the entire width of her face. 
The uncanny valley...
Thank you for mentioning that! Was just having a discussion on that very same subject with my son after looking at these pictures!

None of these feel like the characters. The artist really stripped the fun of their personalities away from them.
morbo
Oh I don't know, Kif looks about right. Bored, irritated but has just given up on protesting any more than a sigh.
I think Kiff looked good.
Yeah, Nibbler is supposed to be comparable to cats in cuteness, not that tiny monster-beast thing it is in this render.
It looks like a monkey 
Hence the term, "REALISTIC".
Does kinda feel like the robot devil.
You can't just announce how you feel. That makes me angry!
Because it looks just like him, the artist didn't change much
Looks like the artist just blurred the Robot Hell background from the episode. 
He did change the most important feature though. All robots in futurama have square pupils in their eyes, all 'living' characters have round pupils. The artist forgot this rule and rendered the robot devil with round pupils. Unforgivable. 

You'll notice that . doesn't actually . pupils, just red eye units, and is exempt from the rule. The rule was mentioned in the commentary of ., among other commentaries. .Hedonism bot was designed without square pupils, but there are a couple of episodes (Crimes of the Hot, and The Beast with a Billion Backs) where he is featured with square pupils. It's not a perfect rule, but the fact remains that the Robot Devil is certainly supposed to have square pupils, and the artist fucked that up. 
It certainly looks like eyes and pupils to me, I guess it's up for intrepretation.
actually,hedonism bot is the only robot with round pupils

His pupil is still square though.
Exactly, which is why vipercookienova is not correct.

How did I never notice this?
that might work. seems like it will.
Thanks, it did work. Unfortunately I forgot about it and missed it. Grrr.
yooo don't feel bad... i missed it, too. twice. womp. i still have yet to watch it... partially because i'm scared that it won't live up to the grand expectations i have for the new episodes :/
Yeah. I found a link to stream it the day after. I could give it to you if you need.
I'm really glad The Devil's Hands is as high as it is. Easily my favorite episode and most people tend to put 5-10 other episodes ahead of it. Other episodes I loved seeing were The Why of Fry and The Day the Earth Stood Stupid, and Thee Hundred Big Boys.
Pretty strong list of episodes. I would've probably had a few in different spots, but you can't argue too much with these. 
No Insane in the Mainframe? I call shenanigans...
Oh look, another list with "Jurassic Bark" at number one. Don't get me wrong, I cry like a baby as soon as I hear Connie Francis lead into "I will wait for you", but c'mon...there are better OVER ALL episodes. Also, that guy needs to proof-read before publishing. The end.
Your reply would be REALLY poignant if you named a few...
Exactly my view. It's a decent episode for the first 19 minutes (certainly one of the better ones, but nothing hugely special) then the last 3 minutes makes everyone on reddit say they are cutting onions. There are endings that are just as good with better overall episodes in my view. The Late Phillip J Fry is my number 1 because it combines a cracking episode with a brilliant ending. It's great for the entire runtime.
really good list, I'd like to see the Pilot higher. That episode gets better every time I watch it.
Exactly my view. It's a decent episode for the first 19 minutes (certainly one of the better ones, but nothing hugely special) then the last 3 minutes makes everyone on reddit say they are cutting onions. There are endings that are just as good with better overall episodes in my view. The Late Phillip J Fry is my number 1 because it combines a cracking episode with a brilliant ending. It's great for the entire runtime.
Yes, with all my criticism, I forgot to add that I did enjoy the list for the most part. And I also agree about the Pilot...I've found myself restarting the series on Netflix over and over because there's something about those early episodes, they keep calling me back. As much as I do love the CC-era episodes.
I'm totally with you. Early futurama is best for me. The later episodes are good when watching the full series but if I want a laugh or have some specific episode I want to see its usually in season 1 or 4 or something
Is that tonight..? Wow, how can i forget
I missed the premiere. Where could I watch it?
And.... . is the other
no
got this one at least
I also missed the premiere - someone had posted me a link to watch it "live" on comedy central, but it didn't do shit for me. .I am going to look for it again today, but if you happen upon it first - please share. 
i think maybe they're going to be streaming it on the comedy central site? that's what it seems like, at least. but i could be wrong.
they will i think, but if your in Canada you wont be able to see it, it will just say "not available in your location" try 
I thought it was the decision of the writers as well
On a bigger scale, I hope Netflix begins to pick up exclusive original series like this (in the way they did Arrested Development), and gain the attention of some heavy hitting shows/writers (like HBO has)..This is the pay-for-single-service people always wanted with HBO, and is much cheaper than having our cable bills subsidize the Oxygen channel.
I would buy Netflix just for this 
HOW DOES THIS SHOW GET CANCELED TWICE? It has some of the BEST writing I've ever experienced. For fucks sake they PROVED A NOVEL MATHEMATICAL THEOREM for one of the episodes. Just because they fucking could. It's a cartoon that makes grown men cry (fry's dog) and then IMMEDIATELY laugh (when do we want it? FRY'S DOG!). All the awards in the world apparently amount to dick.
It's expensive, and with people switching over to Netflix and DVR, they simply don't have the ratings to produce it. Arrested Development also had genius writing too, and it got cancelled for that.
Netflix! Netflix! Netflix! Netflix!
Netflix could do a kickstarter like campaign to raise funds to buy the rights of futurama from News Corp matching all donations..Then once they have the rights they have to figure out how to not lose money producing the show which News Corp was unable to do. This would also probably require crowd funding.
[deleted]
Perhaps a google search before being wrong >.>
[deleted]
OP means that Netflix should create more seasons. .I agree!
Oh ok thanks for clarifying!
It's a good show and it deserves to end while its still a good show. 
Or even better, keep the show going on TV. Sign this petition to keep the show going, please! 
I don't understand why this show isn't no a major network.  It's like one of the funniest shows of all time...
Actually it got canceled.  Matt Groening and David Cohen actually said in this interview they would have liked to continue the show and were looking into other options.
In this thread the writer explains that it was a financial decision make by executives and the writers and staff had no say.
To clarify I want it to become a netflix semi-original series
not the greatest
2-D Blacktop had its moments, but it wasn't spectacular.  The other one was actually pretty good, with a couple of neat plot twists and cool homages to past episodes and characters.  Both episodes were fairly dry, but it was a decent pair of episodes to kick off the season with.
I really really enjoyed the joke when Fry said he really doesn't like that talking monkey from a long time ago. Laughed out loud enjoy

Idiotic?  What's idiotic is the way to expect anyone to review something.  Do you think a reviewer of any movie watches it a dozen times over a long period of time before giving it a review?  They saw the product and they're giving you their impression on it, no need for this pointless fanboyism of "you just haven't watched that thing you didn't like ."  If they didn't like it, they didn't like it, get over it, what does it matter to you, it's just an opinion and the show is getting cancelled either way..Personally, I love Futurama and own all the DVDs but hated this episode.  I'm not going to watch it a dozen more times to force myself to like it, it's just one episode from some cartoon.
I agree people should sleep on it before making judgments, but come on, watch them a dozen times first? 
with shows written as deeply as futurama yes I do think a dozen times is necessary. I think it's the same difference as Arrested Development
true
"YOU WERE IN A ZOO!"
It was, "You guys were in a zoo!"
This has a lot of potential to be a great up vote gif. 
Yes please someone turn those gems into up vote arrows!!!!
wait, was this in one of the new episodes? did I miss it?

It's from season 6 I forget the whole title but it has 'benda' in it. 
Prisoner of a Benda IIRC
Sorry, but this is a terrible idea for Zapp.
I have NO IDEA who the pictured actor is... that alone tells me he's not the one to play Zapp...
Nathan Fillion, anyone? anyone?
I definitely would have thought Jason Sudeckis
I could see Nathan Fillion in a blond wig pulling it off.
Not even close.
Wait... NOT William Shatner? Too obvious?
Way too old.
Jason Sudakis
Neil Patrick Harris
He's too skinny to play Zapp. 
That didn't stop Tom Cruise in Tropic Thunder.
Phil fucking Heartman is the only one who COULD play zapp branigan. if you dont know why, you dont know futurama. 
Sadly an impossibility, but the character was written for him. Rest in Peace Phil, such a shame, such a waste.
dont go to sleep angry, and dont stick your dick in crazy. 
Hindsight is always 20/20
Maybe I'm the minority here, but I think Ryan Gosling would be hilarious as Zapp. He's good looking, and if he was wearing the little skirt girls would go nuts. It'd be an obnoxious role for him if he did it and people would love him even more for doing something crazy like this. Win-win-win-win. 
That would be one of the few ways to make futurama in enjoyable for me. 
I'm not really a fan of Ryan Gosling BUT I have to agree with you. I actually think he would be perfect. All the other suggestions didn't quite fit the bill for Zapp, however, Gosling could rock it, IMO.
I always saw Zapp as the sort of failure, hilariously idiotic version of Captain Kirk.
I think if he was willing to put on a few pounds Armie Hammer would make a pretty decent Zapp.
As much as I agree with you, I also disagree with you the exact same amount.
not close at all, sorry.
If they did make a live action movie or show, I wonder how they are going to manage Leela's cantaloupe sized eye.
Yep, you guessed it, Frank Stallone
I think . man would have been GREAT...R.I.P.
I always thought the porn star Evan Stone would be a perfect Zapp Brannigan..He is hilarious in everything. 
Upvote because I know who you are IRL. :)
Upvote because I know who YOU are IRL.  And now, we're Reddit friends.
Zapp always reminded me of a young 
I've always thought Sam Rockwell would do well
I so wish this wasn't all hypothetical!
Greg Kinnear, just think mystery men.
i think the same way 
2 words... John Barrowman... 
Came here to say this. 
 would beg to differ.
I think William Shatner, despite his age, could pull off the role perfectly..It would be awesome for him to play as a character that's a parody of a character that he played.
Nailed it!
I feel like Rob Riggle would be pretty good as well.
Nigga, Sam Rockwell is Kif.
Yeah, Sam Rockwell is clearly the comical sidekick. 
CGI
Bruce Campbell could do it!
Directed by Sam Raimi. 
Oh shit yes.
That's not William Shatner.
I Agree! 
Listening to the commentary David X and Matt G said that Zapp was half Captain Kirk and half William Shatner..Shatner is the only choice
Alec Baldwin in yellow hair could do it 
only because the great Phil Hartman is no longer with us
Nathan Fillion could so do it better. 
In Dr. Horrible, he has a line about "lacy, gently wafting curtains" that sounds exactly like Brannigan.
I was very shocked when it was not a picture of Nathan Fillion. Captain Hammer and Captain Brannigan are so similar.
Nathan Fillion is too heroic looking. Zapp Brannigan should be oafish, with a clear cut paunch.
Do you watch Castle? While I still love me some Fillion Steak, he's quite paunchy now. Compared to Mal, anyway.
I disagree, the paunch is only visible when he removes his girdle, and I always thought zapp was supposed to look very manly, if not . manly to the point of looking manicured
But he's supposed to . the paunch. And he's supposed to come across as a buffoon, more than as a leading man. Nathan Fillion, even when he's playing a buffoon, still looks like a leading man. 
Very true, but I think fat suits are a thing. Could be mistaken...
My money's still on Patrick Warburton. He's got that perfect, dismissive . look that Zapp always has, even while he's flying a spaceship into a black hole.  
He would also be great
Or fat ..
OMG, this picture combines two of my favorite things!  I love it!
That...is very spot on.
This man could have: 
He was made FOR Phil Hartman. It's just a shame he passed before he could play him.
I figured, seems like an extension of Troy McClure 
Its awesome how I have always been able to hear all of Zap's lines in Phil's voice. 
That's cause Billy West modeled his version of Zapp after Hartman.  I think he said in one of the DVD commentaries that he wanted Zapp to sound like him doing an impression of Hartman doing an impression of Shatner.
Uh, partly. IIRC West said he was an amalgamation of Hartman and (I think) radio DJs he heard growing up.
Right he usually avoids mentioning Hartman when discussing it and just talks about the radio DJs even though its very clearly an homage to how Hartman would have played the character. West nailed it as always, it's uncanny. 
or, you know, . he was modeled after is still alive
I keep telling you, he's 82 years old and he's dead!
I heard in an interview Zap was a compilation of the high school jock-types that Billy West had encountered? I understand the throw to shatner, but just what I heard. Will search for source. 
Pompous radio announcers 
Thanks, that was it. 
Don't know if an octogenarian Zapp would work for me. 
He was modeled more after Phil Hartman imo
Well, the part was intended for Phil Hartman. It makes me so fucking sad that I'll never hear those glorious lines delivered by him, because he was fucking irreplaceable in The Simpsons and his death was certainly a major factor in the decline of the show..Zapp wasn't supposed to be similar to the actor or look like him or whatever (though he was supposed to be fairly similar to both Picard and Kirk), he was just supposed to have that asshole personality that . Hartman could portray properly.
I firmly believe the creative downfall of The Simpsons happened at the same time we lost Phil Hartman.

Damn, didn't realize it was links to more material.  Thanks for the link!
np mang, enjoy
That's a really great way of putting it.
RIP Troy McClure
You may remember him from such educational films as "Two Minus Three Equals Negative Fun" and "Firecrackers: The Silent Killer."
Hi, I'm Troy McClure! You may remember me from such educational films as "Lead Paint: Delicious, but deadly" and "Here comes the metric system!"!
You may remember me from such children's cartoons as "Christmas Ape," and "Christmas Ape Goes To Summer Camp."

I clicked on the OP pic and was like, "wait a minute....that's not the tick!"
E-foxx makes me happy.
High five.
He was my first thought as well.
wow, i was gonna say the same thing man.
He's the first actor that came to mind for me too -- and he's already played a flyboy for a ..
Perfection
All I hear is Joe from family guy. 
this is a much better choice
Holy shit. He's perfect.
Patrick Warburton's got just the right amount of . to play Zapp Brannigan.  
I love this guy, he's hilarious.
Heard this in Warburton's voice.
"High five." .I go old school with my David Puddy references. 
The fact that David Puddy is old school makes me feel really old
You and me both. 
Once you start hearing things in his voice, it's really hard to stop. Until you look at my username, and start hearing things in another distinctive voice. Oh my, yes!
Mother of Fuck
I am the man with no name. Zapp Brannigan at your service..Rock crushes scissors, but paper covers rock... and scissors cuts paper.
Kif, we have a conundrum. Search them for paper... and bring me a rock.
I'm the tick.
ARTHUR! MONKEY OUT OF NOWHERE!
Dammit, it's true!
prairie elephants.
The dartgun shooting part was hilarious! In my opinion....
I loved the "Them!" Reference!
I used solarmovie to watch the new episode but it only had the "2D Blacktop" episode, does anyone have a link where I can watch this episode too?.Edit: I think it was updated so I'm gna try watching it now!
They are refering to the book 
I think the title for this episode was Fry and Leela's Big Fling, not Forty Percent Leadbelly. I loved seeing Gunther again though. How were the old-timey cars not strange though? Didn't they have one of those in the Old New York Museum? 
Damn, guess my source messed up :(
It's okay. 
No problem. Honest mistakes. It doesn't help that wikipedia lists Fourty Percent Leadbelly right after Naturama, for whatever stupid reason. 
A lot better than the first one.
I preferred 2-D Blacktop but thought both episodes were surprisingly awesome. Hopefully the rest of the season will follow the lead.
YOU WERE IN THE ZOO!
I need this GIF.
As do I.
Yes.!.Leave it to Scruffy to finally put that shit out there. LoL 
The second dimension is way harder to explain than that..There's a book called . that tells a story about a two-dimensional being walking across the lone continent on his planet.  It explains in great detail how things like biology and physics and technology would have to work in two dimensions.  Its solution to the digestion problem was that creatures would have to regurgitate when they're done digesting.  Of course, there are greater problems of how to open a door without causing a ceiling to cave in, and dealing with rain that can't really be absorbed into soil because it would leave no gaps for the water to flow downward..Needless to say, if you read it, it might ruin the parts of the show that aren't about street racing.
Anyone know the music in the end, where they drive away from the police? :)
Yeah this was a fun episode,  a neat professor heavy one. I loved his wicked grin when racing,  really gave him some manic life that I love to see from him.
Loved the use of Highway Star
This episode reminded me of Carl Sagan's . understanding 4 dimensions.  In this talk he describes a 2D world "flat land" that now will be forever linked to "2-D Blacktop."
Mbius drag strip!
Coincidentally, the new Mario Kart shown off last week contains a Mobius strip track.
Dun broke my spin, nice rack though!
I adored bender lighting four cigars with the candelabra. That was brilliant.
Brilliant . classy.
pimp-a-roo
AWESOME :) Also did somebody notice the bender art at the bridge?
You, along with literally everyone else.

As much as we all have bitter-sweet memories that episode, they're bringing him back in that clip as a talking character, and giving the role to Seth Macfarlane. It sounds like a disaster to me unless they do it just right..Edit: Turns out that Seymour will talk in Fry's dream, which means it shouldn't be too devastating..Source: 
This guy is the voice of some great characters. But since season 6 I don't find that the show has as much of that "watch it again and again" quality. It's hard to put an exact finger on it, maybe its trying to do too much. But I hope this last half of the season will be something special but yet still the good old Futurama we all love. .Everyone if you are not able to watch the show when it airs or if you download it online. REMEMBER to set your guide to record the show so they get those viewer numbers. 
Nice, but to make up for the high production costs, won't they need like 5 million signatures worth to encourage sponsors to pay that much for that many viewers to break a profit for the show?
Signing, sharing, and hoping for the best! The comedy central seasons have really impressed me and I'd love to have more!
I really hope this season is a strong one, and the fanbase doesn't just phone it in - after Arrested Development being picked up by Netflix, it feels like anything is possible. 
One never knows.  There's 26 million fans on Facebook.
It really is an odd world now.
Isn't it though?
i might have just been the 2300th signature
Well cool!
As much as I love Futurama, I don't feel obligated to make it last forever.  Those occasional straight-to-DVD movies were on par with the new episodes, and have the advantages of not having to conform to a network release schedule, and containing larger stories.  So I'd be happy enough to see a few more of those.
Agreed.  More long term movies.  Billion Backs was brilliant.
....you mean 22,200?
Clicking a button is a lot easier than signing a petition.
This needs to somehow get on the front page- I feel like Reddit could easily push that petition to at least 100k, Futurama has been one of my favorite shows, Im psyched for this new season but rly hope the execs at cc decide to renew it
We will see how the ratings go tonight.  I wonder if any of the voice actors would do an ama? 
I'd love to get the whole Futurama crew to do an AMA. 
An AMA, but the answers come in the form of a soundclip of the actor doing the voice of one of their respective characters..
The dvd commentary tracks are just as entertaining as the show's dialogue.  Really, there is no nee  for an AMA.
Yes, I'm so happy a Futurama cast member supports the idea of saving the show!
He's honest too.  If the show were on another network they'd kill to have the devoted fanbase that Futurama has.
It's not too late for fox to say they were wrong, get the rights back and do a Simpsons/Futurama Animated Crossover Crisis 
We're back on the Box network!.Will we ever deliver boxes? .Who knows?
What episode is this from?
The most recent episode(2-D Blacktop)  that aired I noticed when Leela was with her ex boyfriend Shawn. 
I'm raging at my DVR right now :(..I turn on my tv last night, and theres 5 minutes left of the new episode. Didnt even know they were starting it already, so missed it. Saw it was airing a few hours later, so set it up to record. Checked it this morning and for some reason it cut off the first part so it was already in the middle of the episode when it started recording..Now I have it set up to record tomorrow night or something, and starting 30 minutes before/ending 30 minutes after. If I can't watch it then I'll be upset.
Anyone know if this is airing in the UK tonight or just the US?
Not everyone, boss.
I really loved the first episode that premiered tonight. Not too fond of the second, but w/e it was probably because the credit screen spoiled it...
Only for the rest of this season. After that it's cancelled.
Good news, everyone!
Done broke my spine...nice rack though.
"Oh your god!" 
Is there an episode discussion? I'm looking but can't find one.
Great episode! Keep them coming guys, we gotta keep this show going!
Wait? The new episode is tonight?!?!
Ha! You all (or "y'all") rock!
I know I missed it too. Bullshit
Good thing neither were funny.
I just saw the new episodes 30 minutes ago. They're good.
There were 2 new episodes last night? Damn... I missed both of them. Any idea of when they will be aired again?
Since it's a new season on Comedy Central and they're not really playing anything at all this summer, just tune in and you should be able to catch them. I know for a fact that they play the previous weeks episode before they premier a new episode, so if you want an exact date/time, try  Wednesday (June 26th) 9/8C (1 hour before the premier of the newest episode).
You're in the wrong subreddit my friend. 
That's what you thought eh?
I thought the first episode dragged a bit, and the verbally abusive thing was kind of overused and not that funny. The second episode was absolutely hilarious though.
It wasn't funny to begin with really but they dragged it on so much they even ended on it :/ Felt like an inside joke...between family members..Seriously, almost ruined the first episode.
I got kind of upset by that, cause I felt like they were making fun of people who have been emotionally abused. It didn't even have any relevance to the episode.
Not at all. It's making fun how all racing movies and similar "we are all family less so this is our rough family" movies there is always one over dramatic person with some dark backstory. I laughed at every one of hers
This season is going to be fun on a bun
References to previous episodes...References to previous episodes, everywhere.
I totally called it that Dr. Banjo would be the zoo director. 
I was so excited to see Gunther again!

Read your comment and I'm still laughing at that line.  Gunther's face brought tears to my eyes. 
"What's the matter compressor?"
You were in a zoo!!.I wasn't expecting that after the first 'credit' screen
I thought that was an extremely clever twist, worthy of the Futurama of old. Never saw it coming. Bravo.
The teaser on the commercial right before the episode began . ruined the twist for me :(
Damn, I guess I missed that.
Yeah, what kind of bullshit was that? Anyone who saw that missed the whole twist all together
Shut up baby, I know it!
Don't be so verbally abusive....
Just finished the first part and made this GIF..Came here to check if it had been done and this seems like the perfect place to put it.
Holy shit, I only thought there was one episode last night. Same thing happened to me with Parks and Rec..Fuck!.and also whoo!
But what good is a candelabra without......
I was really sad when they dumped the new badass design for the second half.  I hope it comes back again as a transformer mode for the ship.
I always call her Leela rather than Gemma.
I'm still calling her Peggy
It sounds like some mexican with a speech impediment.
Good brews, everyone!
Gah! Kudos, you beat me to it :)
Someone break out the what if machine. I are a new anthology of what Ifs
If he opened a bar, he could call it "Good Booze Everyone!"
Could still go with "Good brews everyone!"
I may have to steal this idea.
Notice how it is a New York license plate
The owner needs to add a sticker that says "new" to make it new new york
Yes, it is. 
Is this from the Simpsons?
Eww imgur upvote.
New seasons are shit. Quit fooling yourself.
Your .gif is bad and you should feel bad
SHUT UP AND TAKE MY... Thing!
Idk. I really like the speed racer premiere. The zoo one? Not so much
Why is it green?
So close! It should have been orange.
Imgur upvotes are green.
See, 3 human females, a number, and a king giving himself brain surgery 
It doesn't matter how many human females you have. Bender's on a hot streak
What can I say? Must be my lucky shades.
 I watch them there, as well as every other show.
I bought the season pass from Google Play, think it's available on all the major renting services (iTunes, Amazon, etc...)
If only there was some sort of project for free tv...
And if there was only some way to google such a website...
Heisenberg.
Two words. .. .I miss the food in that town.
A very hard game to complete if I recall, not Bart vs the Space Mutants hard, but not exactly easy
Sweet, I still have the Xbox version I picked up when Tower Records went under. 
My mum went out to buy a game I wanted and came home with this saying, here do you want this it was $2.95, I screamed like a fan girl and dug out the old PS2. 
Hell Yeah, I have mine for PS2 too. This is my most prized and probably valued PS2 game I own. And it doesn't even sit with the PS2 games, it goes on the shelf with all the Futurama DVD sets.
I want this game :(
"who are you?" ."i'm scruffy. the janitor."
"I'm Sketchy... the janitor."
Looks like its your lucky day pimparoo
Yes, looks like a start to a great last season ... again ....
I thought they were funny as hell. I don't get why people cry about Futurama being "downhill" and the new episodes being terrible. I've loved every new episode..I don't know if they are "as good" as the old ones, but they're not .. These two newest episodes especially I thought were great examples of Futurama's classic "clever" humour mixed with "vulgar" humour style.
Me too. I love the Professor so much. The music for the race scenes and the laughter, oh god!
"whats the matter compressor" In the beginning had me on the floor. Which was embarrassing because I was in a study hall.
Don't worry, nothing's the matter
That was Highway Star by Deep Purple.  It came on my shuffle this weekend and made me wish I could do a dimensional drift...
his laugh during the mobius strip race when he drifts... holy hell hahahaha that got me so good
It's gone!
Two possible responses to this .A) "haha, yep!" if you were quoting the episode.B) "What's gone?" if you actually noticed something was missing/ image link doesn't work or something. .EDIT: Apparently the image got removed for whatever reason...here's a rehost 
It was mostly B but i was quoting Nixon in "A Taste of Freedom"
B
That's odd! :/ It works when i click it. Lemme try rehosting it on imgur again. 
Gotta love Shakespeare references! They did it again with the movie, The Beast with a Billion Backs.
Oho! You're right. I'd forgotten about that. 
Is there something about bricks? I remember a direction with futurama and bricks but can't quite put my finger on it
When Bender is scared, he literally shits bricks. Is that what you mean?
oh yea, I remember that, huh, never mind.
"You learn something new every day." Actually, you learn something old every day. Just because you just learned it, doesn't mean it's new..-Saint Carlin
That's fucking stupid.
I'm bored... You're boring, Zoidberg. I'm gonna go watch TV.
upvote for me agreeing for the most part, about the til post. i get more surprised by people not already know some of that stuff. 
Hijacking a highly upvoted post submission..Guys, isn't it . duty as arguably the most loyal and technologically savvy collective of Futurama fans on the Internet to find a way to keep this show on the air? Or at least band together and spam a Netflix petition and/or spam Netflix directly until they bend to our will like pawns?
It's getting canceled. There is a series finale this time. Let it go.

No. I love the show but let it die with dignity.
You mean die again 
My feelings towards most posts on Reddit:
Whats TIL mean
I feel like we're only saying that as a coping mechanism to rationalize to ourselves the horrible reality of this and/or because some of us are taking a hipsterish approach to this whole thing..Futurama . hasn't become Simpsons stale, and probably wouldn't for at least a few more seasons.
Today I Learned. . 
[deleted]
Did you learn something dumb? 
I thought this was gonna be "shut up baby, I know it."
I actually did learn that the creators of Futurama are lying bastards: claim to be a comedy show, makes you cry like a little girl.  The ending of this episode hit home hard
What episode is this?
Cold Warriors
Fascinating if true.
I signed as Professor Farnsworth.
i'd still want the episodes even if they aren't as good. there still will b some good ones. and it's still more entertaining than most other shows. (personally did NOT like the first two of the new season)
i saw that lol
You either die a good show, or live long enough to see yourself jump the shark.
40 more signatures! We're almost there!
good news everyone! we're there!!! 
As a huge Futurama fan, these newer episodes have been hilarious but some of them have felt like they went for cheap jokes, something Futurama never does. I feel if they extend it more, the cheap jokes will become more and more often and it will end up like Family Guy.
Yeah. Just let it be. All good things must come to an end before they turn to crap.
Also in "Why Must I be a Crustacean in Love?"
Then I found . couch fibers on his butt!
You just look her in the eyes and say... I've never been so happy....  ugh, if a guy said that to me then I'd know it.... wait they've all said that.... EVEN SEAN!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Love and Rocket also. 
i still want to know how he can even keep a saxophone reed in tact and playable for 20 years.
I knew I missed one. Good catch!
Especially since it was a 1 dollar reed
Fry and Leela Get Married.Zap Brannigans Death.Professor dies (just to finally end it all and say goodbye)
All of the words in the Becktionary
More Pimparoo
[deleted]
You're probably getting downvoted because there are so many spoofs out there already (Spaceballs, Family Guy, Robot Chicken, etc.), but I would love to see Futurama's take on it too.
NOT ZAPP NO! he's like the Adam West (Family Guy) of Futurama, his appearances aren't overused and his comedic style is brilliant so overall I think he's a great character :) haha
Zoidbergs Medical Degree that he "lost" in a volcano.
The word forever spelled correctly.  That and more hypnotoad.
You, my friend, .. I didn't put the album together, someone else submitted it a while ago. 
This really made my day internet stranger <3 Thank you.
That album's pretty neat 
I want to see another epic time travel episode. Rosewell That Ends Well and The Late Philip J Fry are my favorite ones by far. 
The Late Philip J Fry may be my favorite episode. Maybe. The Devil's Hands Are Idle Playthings is surely a contender. I'm a fan of the music. 
The Late Phillip J Fry was an amazing episode, the music when the universe comes to an end made it so much more emotional
Here's my fan theory I came up with.."The Late Philip J. Fry", is both the origin and end of Futurama..Okay, so imagine the Futurama series as one big book. Each chapter is each episode of futurama. Now picture that"The Late Philip J. Fry", is the first chapter in this book. But, this chapter is placed behind the last chapter. So you have to flip all the way to the back of the book in order to read chapter 1 and all the way to the front to start the second chapter, (Space Pilot 2000), and so on..Now imagine that the number of chapters in the entire book is N, where N is the number of futurama episodes, is N-1, because of the last, (first). This chapter opens with the line, "Fry felt a searing pain in his head as the machine raced forward in time". Then it would continue to tell the story of the episode starting from the point right after they fell over and hit the time throttle.("The Late Philip J. Fry"). In ""The Late Philip J. Fry" as soon as they start moving forward in time it cuts to a commercial. The next look we get puts them at 1000's of years in the future..We have no idea of how many stops they had before getting there. My theory is that each episode is one day in lives of the current planet express crew, (As it shows that time is cyclical the proffessor, Fry and Bender will be in each rotation of time)with each episode signified by even a slight stop by the time traveling crew, as the look for the perfect time for them to reenter society..So, again, imagine that each of these chapters are the episodes. The last chapter, however, is again the episode, "The Late Philip J. Fry", this then is told up until they get in the time machine. The last sentence being something along the lines of "Fry saw bender's arm flying towards his head". Then you would flip the page and it would be the first chapter..So my theory is that "The Late Philip J. Fry" is both a beginning and a end to futurama. Each episode is one of those stops they made before that we didn't get to see in the scene change. But the last episode is "The Late Philip J. Fry" because it tells the end as they watch the universe be destroyed. But, time is cyclical so it all starts over again, (which is why the first chapter would actually placed last, so you start over again.)
zapp marries  the kajigger lady. 
The Professor's final wish from Pazuzu! 
Professor: "My final wish is to stay on.".Pazuzu: "Sorry Profess-or.".Silent Credits.
50% Ape + 50% Chimp = 100% Hilarious
"Guess they should have 'Hailed to the Chimp'"
What season and episode was this from?
Nice find!
Did this episode air before the futurama pilot did?
[deleted]
That just made my day.
I do not know what season or episode number, however Bender makes an appearance on the Simpsons. It is one of the earlier seasons I know for sure. In the episode, Homer is going crazy and breaks out into a song were he is holding hands with several monsters singing in a circle. Anyways Bender is one of the monsters in the circle with Homer.
I don't know what episode either but I know exactly what your are talking about

I will never understand how people notice such minuscule details
After. Season 15 would be 2004-2005 I belive. Futurama started in '99 I think.
I thought that was the one where the family gets cable or satellite and homer and bart get hooked on it.  Bart has to take a special test but instead watches TV instead and while he is taking the test he changes everyone into different monsters (one of them Bender) and they have a little bar mitzvah party.   
favorite line from that episode "yeah I wrote the iggy" - Abraham Simpson
That was Al Jean, the show runner, wasn't his voice but it was a character that was made to look like him and that quote is actually something he attempted to do. It got rejected. You can hear him talk about it on the commentary for that episode. It has nothing to do with Futurama at all. 
2 episodes. One is when they got satellite, and other was about the future.
repost. still very cool
Haw, "When Harry Became Sally"!
 S14Ep 3
this episode aired April 25, 2004 Futurama pilot aired March 28, 1999 
Yeah, Ape Chimp, mental innit?
What episode is this from?  Well found!
Season 15 episode 18
When did it air? I'm at work or I would look it up. 
4/25/2004
A part of my was really hoping it aired befor futurama aired. .Thanks! 
me too haha
The interesting part is the title of the episode 
Yeah I noticed at one point in the episode the background music playing is very similar the music in "catch me if you can" 
Speaking of which, the band that did the music for Catch me if you Can are named Tangerine Dream... AND THEY ARE GLORIOUS.
holy fucking shit I feel so old
More than a decade and I still love the show...
I was more intruiged by "When Harry Became Sally"
And next to the text is a rose and a scalpel... eww.
I wonder how many unused Troy McClure bits they had to repurpose after Phil Hartman died. 
I really like Ape Chimp. The more I think about it, the more funny that title becomes.
That's what you get when you don't .!
lol wow it takes some talent to read something that blurry. good catch :)
Considering that Groening appears as himself on Futurama discussing how the Simpsons is still on the air, it seems that there are now conflicting timelines. Pretty meta.
Futurama is a TV show in The Simpsons while The Simpsons is a TV show in Futurama.
Just think of it like the 
Meta? Cool. Cool cool cool.
There is a Futurama comic where the two universes crossover. 
Groening also appears at a comic-con in a simpsons episode talking about Futurama. 
According to certain episodes of the Simpons The Simpsons is a TV show that the family makes in their universe, so really its just however you want it to work. 

I don't even have to click on this to get the reference. 
everything right 
Get more butter you dumb bastard! 
I think Jane Lynch is Mom.
moms not racist though :p
Bender: "Woohoo I'm popular!"
Good News Everyone!
He didn't even have any lines, he just stood there in handcuffs for like, 5 seconds... seriously seems like a missed opportunity.
what episode is he from?
The new one
For fun, who would have been a good voice for him?
That's a good question. I'm thinking 2 extremes.  Either Alec Baldwin or (of they could) Dave Chapelle. 
2-D Blacktop
I wanted more
"No, but I will."  >O|
What episode?
lol at the pufferfish/discoball
Fry is still the best character on TV. 
I thought it was obvious to recognize the name Jrrr/Grrr
I believe it was mentioned a while back by the creators that it was their intention.
definitely just posted this spoiler mistakenly and it hit the front page... but did yeardley smith voice jrr? she wasn't credited on imdb but i'm pretty sure it was her.
Ironic we ate their young and then spared one only to eat his feces in the future. 
they are still great for many other things :/  dont get mad over one tedious mess up
That feel when you get over 100 karma on a single post for the first time 
Thank you for a gif that doesn't take long to load!!! Jimmy tell him what he's won.. Jimmy: You have won a one way ticket for your baby's quarantine to be lifted, while supplies may very, any infectious outbreak following should not be contributed to death.inc nor its affiliates. 
Fry actually asked him to tell him when/if it was time to "Cheese It".  Which seems to be the new 1st Law.  I wonder if you go back through the episodes Bender always says "Cheese it" before shit hits the fan. 
I just shipped my pants
Hahaha I love how the professor in the background is just looking up
SMOKE WEED EVERYDAY!
Which episode is this from?
So...anyone notice the closeup of Australia got flipped?
Thats a closeup of Tasmania
Thank you. Without threads like these I wouldn't get most of it..
Well, don't I look silly. 
Why does the kid have pants but the adult does not?
The youngin has forgotten his human hating heritage?
For those who don't know, the Thylacine is a real animal, also known as the Tasmanian Tiger, that went extinct back in the early 1900s, due to humans over hunting it..So it fits very well with the topic of the episodes, that the primates despise humans for not treating them right, as this is an example of another animal that humans didn't treat right. .I thought it was genius when I saw it, but I thought I might share it in case it went over the heads of people who didn't know what the Thylacine was. 
Didn't it also show up in the movie Into The Wild Green Yonder?.I thought that whole sequence was to show obscure creatures that have shown up in the show before, like the cyclops eater.
I can't exactly remember that one. I watched it a while a go, but there's little things like that. It probably went over the heads of most Aussies too cause no one knows the real name of the Tasmanian tiger 
Haha the only reason I know what a Thylacine is is because I did a project on them in 5th grade.
I recognize it as a tazmanian tiger, didn't know it's real name thylacine
thats awesome, i had no idea!
As one of those people who didn't know what a Thylacine was, thanks for the explanation.
Honestly, I really don't like him.
What's scary is I had just turned on Comedy Central.  Gunter's first appearance came on just as I was opening this post.  Scary only to me, but I thought I would share.
I'm surprised at the amount of people in this thread who don't appear to be watching the show as it airs.
Not everyone has cable..Source: I don't have cable.
, 
I appreciate the help, but I've already seen the new episodes..I'm just highlighting that not everyone has seen these because of their lack of cable/time.
Cable isn't necessary..Source: I don't have cable either.
Not everyone has cable..Source: I don't have cable..EDIT: Fucking Android. Apologies for the double post.
Thats the problem with the new season; there is no subtlety. 
thatsthejoke.jpg.There's still plenty of subtlety, like earlier in the episode when Zoidberg can't use the monkey bars due to having claws (and his apparent fear of heights as a result).
This isn't about suability. The joke is that Gunter hasn't been brought up in years, and yet the one time he is, he happens to be secretly observing them..You're shoehorning your beef with the show somewhere it isn't applicable.
That makes me feel angry!
I agree they're not as subtle but wouldn't say it is a bad thing. Just funny in a different way. 
He's still at business school.
I thought he became President of the Fox network? 
You are correct...and he promptly cancelled Futurama
I thought the Box Network cancelled Futurama, and the executives were beaten into Torgo's Executive Powder.
I laughed so hard at that part.
Oh yea, Gunter's expression was priceless!
... what monkey?  
That monkey.
The hat goes on the head!
"EUREKA!"
Fry snickering at Gunter talking about putting a hat on his butt is maybe my favorite thing ever in Futurama!
"Space. It seems to go on and on forever and then you get to the end and a gorilla starts throwing barrels at you."
You stink, loser!
Are any left?
Can I request a Fry and Seymour? 
I'd love one of Zapp and Kif!!! Hit me up and let me know..
If you did one of the whole crew or maybe even the super hero crew you could up the price and I'm sure it would sell fast.  
Have you ever heard of etsy? You should set up an account and sell your paintings there! .Personally I would love Nibbler and Fry. Let us know about the Etsy account!
If you make another bender one, I'd def buy one from you. They look awesome!
You sir are about to have a problem of plenty of money and no free time.
The Bender one looks pretty sweet.  How much are they going for?  What are they painted on?
Yeah I need archer as well. But if more benders are coming that may suffice. 
I'd love a Zoidberg if you make another!
Seconded.
Prof & Zoid, and Bender are sold
Could you do Archer?
Yea for sure! When I am a bit more settled into my new place I'll be taking custom requests from any show/character.
I'm all about that Professor x Zoidburg painting. How much? Do you have a deviantart profile?
$20! msg me with your address!
I will be making more characters and posting them as I go! Thanks for the support guys :) 
A painting of Zapp would be awesome!
totally!! I'll make one of him for sure. 
Cost?! I want
Painted on cotton canvas with acrylic paint.. Prices will vary depending on the size of canvas.. Bender 14x11 (painted on wood): $40 .. Fry 18x14: $40 .. Leila & Amy 10x12: $25 .. Prof & zoid (flat canvas) 13x9: $20 ... I've never sold my paintings before so I hope these are good prices for you guys.. I am willing to pay the shipping for Canada and the U.S standard postage, if you want to help out with shipping that would be very nice :) . I can make more of these!!!
Let me know when you make another bender painting, I will definitely buy one!
More Nibbler!
Maybe you should set up an eBay auction and post the link, I personally want Bender... If it hasn't been spoken for.
Thats a good idea, thanks! Someone did mention bender but has not written back. He is $40.00. If you are interested and he does not write back by tomorrow morning I will save it for you. 
Hehe, I think you're going to need to paint a lot of Benders.
Awesome!
Yeah i'd love to buy a bender as well as a zoidberg if i had the money 
Can you do bender with other get ups? 
I think the Bender one is great and would go well with the "Shut up baby, I know it" caption as well. 
Oh I will accept payments through paypal! :)
Thanks to everyone who has written to me! I will get back to all of you once I am done moving and have my stuff set up to paint. You're all awesome and deserve high fives! 
These paintings are so awesome they could start a bidding war. 
Do more of zoidberg
Why not, more?
I definitely will! I'll post every time I have a new one for sale.
Feel free to PM me about a Zoidberg one!  I'd love to buy one.
You should paint a Fatherman one

Aww, no scruffy?  I'd buy a scruffy. :)
You should superglue it to the new Xbox one, chances are it will help it NOT overheat. 
Thats super cute
this is just a fantastic episode overall, of course (s12e03).[edited to add episode #]
There's also a time when Fry appears as one of the couch gags at the beginning of an episode.  I'm not sure which one.
HOMR 
"I'm sorry, but do you see a robot in this room named Folder?"
Haha I get it
Like all of life's problems it can be solved with bending, origami folding is just another primitive form of bending, benders great!!
Thank you!
You're welcome!
Zoidbergs head and Amy's mouth make Homer Simpson?
 
Haha I was so blazed when I realized that!
Oh, the irony.
Ive actually done that too!!
Now, what have we learned today, hungry_koala?
I use of words for something other than their literal inten~~~ion now that is irony!-Bender Bending Rodriguez
Technically that's sarcasm....
Today I learned that the users of this subreddit have a tenuous grasp of irony. Irony has various forms and definitions, such as verbal, dramatic, and situational irony..Situational Irony: The disparity of intention and result; when the result of an action is contrary to the desired or expected effect..Need I explain more?.Source: 
Sarcasm is a form of irony.
My mind added 'when I was hooking up' into the title between background and when and I thought, 'Damn OP, shouldn't you be paying attention to something else?'
And you got a screenshot of the TV, impressive.
Or, you know, after seeing it he went and got a screenshot of it by other means.
correct
Technically correct, the best kind of correct.

I say this not as a fellow redditor but as a leagey weagey, it could be better but pretty damn good lad!! 
"Bite me shiny metal booty!"
The keyhole is way off center on the treasure chest.The anchor is off center on his chestplate.The hat is not centered.The part where his arm meets his should should be rounded, not flat.Awesome concept, poor execution

10/10, awesome.
I fully expected this to be a butt tattoo. Buttoo? 
Excellent critique of body graffiti. .Writing the shit you love on your notebook not good enough? Sad that you don't have a bumper for all your clever bumper stickers? Try drawing it on your body. Tattoos.
Good eye. I didn't notice the arm part. Its the small flaws in tattoos that make them works of art at least that's how I've always viewed it.
Uh...was it a request of yours that the parrot look like it is wearing a Scream mask?
Just give me a minute it finish up the shading........ LETS GO ALREADDDDDDDDDDY!
001100
010010
011110
100001
101101
110011
why does your ass look like a leg?
When I was cloned I was left in the first tube too long.
"Yeah, leprechaun universe is fine - if you havent seen PIRATE UNIVERSE."
I came up with this comment, and then realized it was from the wrong episode. Posting it anyway:.I like to give OP's an informal nickname. From now on you will be known as ... Wiggles!
only thing i dont like is the blood on the sword. 
Hand over yer space dubloons!
Don't you mean electronically transfer 
I do.
I don't know... that kind of looks like Flexo.
Arr! The laws of science be a harsh mistress!
 
Slightly different angle and smaller file size
Is your camera or your tattoo shitty? Because it looks like bad coloring and shading to me.
My camera sucks its only 8mp and a cell phone
8mp isn't that bad, even for a phone..derped a word.
True but by comparison to whats currently available at the consumer level its a dinosaur. 
My sister is an aspiring tattoo artist she recently finished her apprenticeship and offered to give me a tattoo. In True bender fashion after 6 hours of work I paid her $1. Worth noting she told me it was free from the get go. 
If it was in true Bender fashion, you would have shouted "Cheese it!" and bolted out the door without paying. 
I did offer to steal her blood does that count?
Kind of. You need to stop being so polite. . 
I was excepting a ass tattoo 
That was my initial plan but I was met by a strong argument in the form of "If I won't tattoo a strangers ass for money, what makes you think I'll tattoo yours for free" 
I would have gone with the ass tattoo.
What episode is this?
Viva mars Vegas: Season 7 episode 12
It was in production season 7A , something about mars vegas because zoidberg was blessed with 8mil
Yea and he got involved with the mafia, Amy said poor ppl aren't good with money and then donbot takes over Wong ranch. As a Native American this episode made me smile. 
Oooh I remember! Thanks
This sums up your post too.
Of course he knows irony, he's 30% iron.

I often find myself wanting to sing "Now that is irony!" whenever I encounter it irl. I don't always stop myself in time. People think I'm weird. 
And I can't read it without singing it out in my head.
Quote from the episode:.Fry: "Ooh look, a Bart Simpson doll!"
Not quite hidden...
Thats the joke...
I just got it
Where is it?
Good eye OP. Isn't this the episode where Bender then takes one of those dolls and pulls the string and it says an iconic catch phrase of Bart's? 
Mmmmm shorts
Yup, "Eat my shorts!"
That is about as far away from an "Easter Egg" as one gets. 
Kinda hits you in the face this "Easter egg".
Something called .. You know that one ?
Except the Easter eggs in the other episodes are far more subtle than this one - particularly the tiny heart with HS and MB in it. So, no, you aren't clever or good at irony.
I do. Ironic.
Well. fuck.
The use of words expressing something other than their literal intention - now that IS irony!
Correction : it's not Vince but Marvin.
Yeah the guy who has like 1 line then gets his head blown off.
yes.
According to this Wikipedia, he's Ollie Williams on family guy... Mind blown.
There's this awesome new site on the web that has all of this information readily available to whomever wants to know it. Check it out: 
There was not enough Phil Lamarr in this subreddit.  He deserve some credits !
Why not both?

Why not Zoidberg?
Came here to say that. 
All time travel took place in the same universe until episode 607 - The Late Philip J. Fry..The first time travel episode that had backwards time travel was episode 401 - Roswell that Ends Well.  This didn't change anything because Fry was suppose to have gone back in time to become his own grandfather. So universe/timeline is the same..The next time we see backwards time travel is episode 508 - The Why of Fry.  It could be argued that a parallel universe/timeline was spawned from this event because Fry went back in time and changed things.  This is possibly different timeline, same universe..Then, we have Bender's big score which deals exclusively with time travel, but it is a paradox-correcting time travel, so nothing really changes.  The universe/timeline stays the same. .Lastly, we have The Late Philip J Fry where they find that the universe endlessly repeats.  They go forward a few times and end up in a universe that is 10 feet lower than their old universe.  Since they skipped a universe, they are in Universe C.  .I have ignore all frozen forward time travel, because they are only traveling through time at 1 second per second, they are just unconscious. .So until The Late Philip J Fry everything takes place in the same universe. 
There was time travel in Decision 3012 and All the Presidents' Heads also.
Oh I forgot about those.  I don't think decision 3012 counts cause it wasn't the planet expressed crew that did the time traveling..As for all the presidents heads, I believe everything is reset to normal, but that being the case, they are still in universe C when it happens. 
Did you ask if she was still together with Russ?
How could you tell?!?.I guess. 
Holy cow, just looked up Lauren Tom and realised she played Julie in friends. The more you know.
Lovely handwriting!
Sydney or Perth, OP? I got an interview with her and I'd love to post it here later this week.
Perth.
intersting last name... wonder if she has any relatives named tom tom
Cool, I just moved here.
Get out before you can.
I have no choice. They're the only ones willing to hire me.
Pfft. ..
I just looked up a picture of Lauren Tom, she looks a lot more like Amy than I would have imagined. Her handwriting is even Amy-like..It's kind of scary to be honest.
Sure, if Amy was like 30 years older.
SCORE!
Shes the hottest Chinese Martian Astrophysicist ever.
Martian Chinese astrophysicist. 
Chinese-Martian astrophysicist. 
dats some good ass handwriting
It's nowhere near Amy's ass.
I thought it said "sploosh" at first. Thought to myself: Lauren Tom wants to be Amber Nash.
I just looked it up and she voices Kahn Jr. And Minh from King of the Hill. Why didn't OP get a picture with her? 
Hi, I'm the person who gave the OP this signed picture. He wasn't able to make it to the convention yesterday. I have my signed copy too if you want to see it c:
He might've. Maybe he's uncomfortable posting his face on the internet or just doesn't want to put it up.
CRAZY CAT LADY IS NOT RELEVANT TO THREAD PLS IGNORE
:I
That's exactly how I picture Amy's handwriting would look like, right down to the heart. 
Exactly! It's what I imagined she would write like as well. 
Literally it means "And then Ostap suffered/carried." It's generally applied when a user starts talking about something and can't stop. It's from Ilf and Petrof originally - the character is Ostap Bender. 
Thanks! I found this shirt in Riga.
No potatoes though
Wasn't this a DVD extra?
Wow, thats pretty neat.
Does that look like the burnt out Simpsons living room to anyone else? TV on the right side, couch on the other.
I think the door is on the wrong side, though.
Who pauses at this part !??
I was watching the episode, and my eye wandered to the right place at the right time.
Springfield is in New Jersey (Which is where Robot Hell is, in Futurama). However, the Simpsons springfield was actually in Oregon... Just, random fun fact. 
There are soo many spring fields 
Keen eye, friendo. Love stuff like this.
new to me! nice catch..
So Homer and Marge must've taken a trip to the dreaded New Jersey haha. 
They did one time. The kids found out they lied about a trip and followed them around the country.
Good find!
Also, it looks like the same scene as when homer goes to hell for selling his soul to the devil.
Well, Dan Castalanetta is the Robot Devil ;)
true
The heart in the bottom right corner says "H.S. + M.B.", which stands for 'Homer Simpson and Marge Bouvier'.
I've watched my share of Simpsons, but it has been awhile since rewatching older episodes.. Is there any older episode where Homer and Marge do a flash back to a date at a carnival that would have a ride like this entrance?
There is the tunnel of love episode when they get stuck in there because Bart made the river into Jello and they tell stories. 
yea, that was the only carnival type tunnel i could remember; but alas, it is not the same tunnel.. I just really like when things line up ..
Not that I recall. I think the idea was that they . put it there at a carnival..I know they've carved it into a tree, though...
I think they carved it in the inside of the windmill at the minigolf place, but that's my guess. 
Also Ood, from Doctor Who, but only slightly.
It's a handicapped Ood. Tragic tentacle accident.
Ya, but looks more like the Nudists with only one tentacle like appendage coming off the face.  The Ood rule btw!
When was this painted? Does anyone know? Cause it looks like it may be Obama. Nothing racist.. (or political)
All I have is a gland that emits foul odors when I get bored.
Because it is the Greedy Aliens....Here's Zoidbreg from the same guy 
False. The president is wearing a suit. The scammers are nudists
Isn't that on purpose?  The sprungers are information seekers, the president is looking for information.
Blinky has made several appearances, if I remember correctly.
What about E.T. reference in the whole episode?
god, are people still putting "dat" in front of everything? i had hoped that shit died already
Also, since the fish is so small, I'd think it was a Klaus from American Dad reference before a Simpsons reference...
And that small american dad reference maybe? (the fish looks a lot like klaus).Edit: I'm retarded
Really Matt Groening did a three eye'd fish for american dad too!?.You do realize that fish existed long before american dad and even family guy and that the simpsons and futurama are both his projects right?
Yeah, but it's a goldfish and I thought American Dad before I thought Simpsons.  .But you can go fuck yourself.
Star Trek too, there's a pretty classy bat'leth on the wall above the mirror
It looks like the Omicronians did find more cyclopses than the Turungas in the Universe
no plain two eyed fish.
Star Trek reference checking in, Batle'th hanging on the wall behind.
OH yeah that Klingon weapon. Cool.
Whitch episode is this agen 
The most recent one.
It took me a very long time to realize that Fry was called "T" not just because he was a turd eater, but because the episode was called "The Terrestrial" and T is E.T. withe out the Extra.
That is more of a parody than just a reference. 
though there is an ET skull in the closet
true
OK cool, i missed that 
I'm disappointed that there was no "Problem with Popplers" reference. Jrrr was the Omicromian that helped save relations between the 2 planets in the aforementioned episode. (God, I really am a nerd.)
3 references in 1 shot. Amazing!
Four!
I don't see the Simpsons reference...
The fish in the first episode also has 3 eyes. 
Yeah, it's the same fish from when Fry is shooting through the tube. Apparently, it's from the Simpsons (my Simpsons knowledge isn't as boss as my Futurama knowledge).
His name is Blinky. He first appeared in Season 2 when Mr.Burns visits the Simpsons for dinner. 

Batman reference right behind it
Damn you've got a good eye.
nice.
Blinky the 3-eyed fish
Oh I saw it as an American Dad / Klaus reference
God damn, I hate that stupid "dat" meme. Just fucking spell "that"
Yeah it really only works for single words .Dat Ass.Dat shading .Dat derp .etc 
Dem
Dat pet peeve!
Also, a Bat'leth above the mirror

I like "wat" because it actually sounds like I say it when I'm actually confused. It's more like "watt" than "what".
Good, it's a much more sensible language. 
Said no one ever. 
..... I did. It really is. 
really any language is more sensible than english. The english language breaks every rule it makes a dozen times over.
Haha, yeah. My response came from the vague memory of a video making fun of the Dutch language because of how convoluted it had become. My memory could be incorrect. 
Star Wars, too. See the little Boba Fett?
Star Trek too! That Kling-on battle blade is hung in the back..I love Futuramas quirks. Especially, the mispronounced words. Cham-pagon , gawk-a-mole, Lameeh.
Aks 
I believe it's called a batlef
Bat'leth, if you're talking Star Trek. 
Pixar too guys ! 
You mean the lamp? I think that's just a lamp.
I spent far too long looking for something to do with Pixar
So our efforts to establish diplomatic relations with the lamp people were doomed from the start
i love lamp 
Love how he paused it, googled the location, then resumed. .Also this game totally slipped by me. Wish i could have played it. 
This game was awesome. Shame I never got past the zoidberg level.
You can get most of the new ones free here
.All you need is a cbz reader.
I am looking to get one too. I hope my local comic store carries it.
You should ask over at ..  I'm sure there are other Futurama fans over there, myself included!  But I have no art skills, so I can't help you out in the creation of it.
A planet express uniform jersey would be awesome!
I did this exact thing yesterday! I was really excited. :)
Gem
I have the first 4 comics from when they first came out. my life got busy and I never got to collect the rest of them. I found them a few months ago in a big book still in their sleeves, wife mentioned I should get more. I never read them, just bought them and put them away many many years ago.
Bongo Comics is awesome.
anywhere i can get this online? :O
Is there anywhere you can but the comics online? .I have had trouble finding them around my area.
There's a comic book series? :O
HAHA A MEME UPVOTES ALL AROUND GUYS!
You sound surprised? 
That's racist.
Amazon has them. 
It is a tarp! 
you are very easily impressed.
I always find them scattered around at various comic book shops that have no idea what they've got. 
Amazon, Google, ebay... 
TIL I don't know how to google..Tyvm good sir!
That's... a pretty tired reference.
Yes, a regurgitated meme is clearly a result of fantastic humor!.It's a lot less funny in a comic book when you have to read it than it is in a tv show where it can be delivered well.
No, just reinforces its awesomnicity 
A ham-fisted reference to an unfunny meme from yesteryear isn't what makes Futurama awesome.
I liked that one, as well as this one:

Lol, that's a joke that would only really work in written form like a comic. Cool that they don't just copy jokes from the show.
Yup. I've been buying the comic for a couple years now, and it never disappoints. Last year, I think, they even had 6 in a row with huge black-light posters of futurama characters!

Hah, true, but it wasn't spoken aloud.
I have a few years worth and the simpson's crossover. My favorite part is that I hear all of the character's voices in my head. 
Yah, I get a ton at comicon every year, and I have a signed copy of the crossover one. 
I'd say that's more of a lazy meme plug than an awesome joke, but to each his own.
Yeah. It seems forced.
TIL that futurama has a comic book series
There's also a .. It's great, btw. 
I wonder if it's as good as the Darkwing Duck one.
Darkwing duck has a comic book series :O that is awesome 
Just about everything has a comic book series. 
And its pretty awesome
It's gonna be inside a dream, where Seymour will have a talking role played by Seth Macfarlane, believe it or not.
Can you direct me to this clip. I would love to see Seymore again as well 
They have normal cars, and it looks modern. It's probably a flashback, but I don't know.
let's hope seymour will be in the final to
Did you take the picture with a potato?
I totally read that in Benders voice! 
Why isn't Bender holding a beer?
Bender gained some weight
Work there? Which one, I'll drop by! 
Now Matt has a much better chance of seeing the un-sued resource
I see you beat me to the .I like the other side of the board too... 
Kiss my shiny metallic appearing butt.
I noticed that every time I watched that ep
I don't see anything all that in-need of censoring about the "alien vibrator".
Why do i think that Calculon head is actually a dildo for robots?
All I can picture is the artists and writers all giggling like Bender when they episode aired.
Is that just a bucket of toast?
Looks more like Lisa Simpson wrapped in a pink blanket.
I had noticed that shot seemed excessively long, figures that I missed something.
Didn't he say they were revisiting the shop? So likely there will be more hidden toys.
I thinks its more likely a Darth Maul pez dispenser
Speak up. You're muttering.
I frequently make use of "Hey, I'm a porno-dealing monster, what do I care what you think?" 
How often can that phrase possibly be relevant? 
Whenever I do something stupid in front of someone with a sense of humor.
More often than you'd think.
Broken link. Any mirrors? Very curious about some sort of alien vibrator.
The link works for me.
Probably mobile being weird, it doesn't work for me either.
What am I supposed to be looking at?
Spikey headed alien vibrator.
Really?  I would have guessed Pez dispenser.  It even has the feet...
Look behind Calculon. 
Oh, shit, I can't believe I missed it.  Makes me qualified to be a network censor I guess.  In my defense, Calculon has such presence, you can never look past him.

I also hear "it fits" too :)
I hear "temper"
this get's annoying after the third time he says "fix it"...
Why does your work need a knife attached to the wall...?
Have you ever worked in the hotel industry?
No, care industry myself, are wall knives common in your trade?
why does your job,  not have a color printer?
You ever kill a wall with a knife? It ain't so hard. 
Yours doesn't?
No, doubt they'd shell out money for that kind of extravagance 
The point where Fry shuffles to the window with his pants around his ankles in Space Pilot 3000.
Space Pilot is where it starts for me... "What's with the eye?" and "Oh my gosh... A Million years" 
just amazing
Space Pilot 3000 when Leela calls in that she is chasing Fry, "This is officer 1B-DI".  I love that joke. 
When bender puts his own arms back on then says how he had no idea how he did it
omg i forgot about that joke, that one's amazing
I think seasons 3-4 are really when it went from great to amazing. Amazon Women in the Mood, Parasites Lost, Luck of the Fryrish, Roswell That Ends Well, Godfellas, Leelas Homeworld, Jurassic Bark, The Why of Fry, The Sting, The Farnsworth Parabox, and The Devils Hands are Idle Playthings are really something worth seeing.
yeah i totally agree
Bender
That was actually in Benders Big Score, in a flashback to the eventful night on December 31 1999. 
one of the best bits from the show
what's the episode?
Don't forget, chewing gum!  
(Unrelated but awesome quote):  "Then I just go to the bathroom.  And then I . eat more!
The world needs to know about your CAN EAT MORE
Me too, I had this as my profile pic for ages 
Go, man, go!

Well .!
He needs more upvotes just to feel normal anymore... 
Never felt better about giving an up vote before. Or worse for supporting an addiction. 
DAE not give a shit

is that imgur green? get that shit out of here.. your green upvotes are worth nothing here
Missed the joke :/

That is not a fart quote. 
He's at 199 and 499 karma, like he's almost at 200 and 500.
sevenandtwo doens't fixate over things being tenandfive.
No more cheap crack houses for me!
I have you tagged as nofx for some reason..So I love you.
huh, I'm not sure why... although I'm pretty sure I have made a few comments about nofx before.
You...must really like nofx. According to your username
They are my sunshine.
does somebody have a link to the clip?
 OK, I gotta break down that gate, beat up those three guards, steal that chopper and rescue Bender.. Hi-yah!. Hey, I did it! Wait, that's not me. 
"I've never been so happy to be beat up by a woman!"."Let's do it again sometime."
I love that one.
We've been on that subject for years...
If we hit the bullseye, the rest of the dominoes will fall like a house of cards! Checkmate!
AAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I find the most erotic part of a woman is the boobies.

And spare me the weary sigh for once.
The . made me think of, "Turns out it's Man!"
Zapp: "If it's a lesson in love, watch out; I suffer from a very sexy learning disability. What do I call it, Kif?".Kif: "[sigh] 'Sexlexia.'"
Twilight zone flashback 
The Scary Door
Why should I believe you?  You're Hitler!
Never heard it called a re-air before. I thought repeat or rerun were the acceptable terms. 
It's because he's a parody of William Shatner.
He's a parody of Shatner, and yet 

 (about halfway down the interview, next to a picture of Zapp). The part of Zapp was created for Phil but he was murdered before production began.
Good catch, thanks! 

Now THAT'S how you do a reaction gif. 
IMO Bender's Big Score was the only rewatchable movie. The rest were basically 20 minute episodes stretched into 90 minutes. They're not that bad, but they're still not very good at all.
Bender's Big Score was great. Made me happy to see all of them come back and an excellent plot..Best with a Billion Backs is the weakest by far, it honestly seems like they forgot to write any jokes in that movie..Bender's Game and Green Yonder I thought were decent. Bender's Game was a little late to the party by doing a LotR parody 4-5 years after the films. 
Bender's Big Score was great..TBWABB was awful..Bender's Game was ok..ITWGY was the stupidest and most terrible thing I had to watch since The Fantom Menace. We're really lucky the show got renewed after it bacause it sucked, both as an episode and as a finale.
Very sad indeed. Poor Seymour. He's walking on sunshine now.
I cry every time
Did you cry?.This is the closest I've ever come to crying on a TV show
Everyone bender killed Fry's dog in the movie benders big score fry was with him the whole time. Yes the ep is sad but the dog did not die alone.
the ending scene in  luck of the fryrish is also quite the tearjerker 
Why of course. 
Wow, I never noticed that..It's the tiny jokes that make it. I love freeze frame gags.
I just watched this episode earlier! .I think season 8 is my favorite. But this is by far my favorite episode. So many puns and laughs. .'Which way to the tiny hookers?!' 
That name looks familiar.......
What episode is this?

One of my favorites.  Maybe the most well executed "everyone hates Zoidberg" jokes in the whole show.
I completely missed this! This show is too good
I love that . reference.
The trick is the axiom of choice. You need it to make Lebesgue's measure do crazy things.
Wait. Zoidberg was married?
I was wondering that same thing. So many unanswered questions
Probably a fake wedding album of composite scraps pasted together. It seems appropriately pathetic for him..Also, I don't know if we've seen any marriage customs from the Decapodians, but we do know that mating kills the parents and their kids are raised by a third party. So, if it were a real marriage and anything like what we consider "traditional" in Earth terms, he'd be dead. Right?
When Zoidberg goes home to mate they talk about the decapodians dont have a concept of love like they do on Earth, that is why he asks Fry to teach him to fake it. Would suggest they dont have any marriage traditions. That combined with what we've seen of the decapodian mating experience suggests they dont have weddings just spontaneous mating and a living relative steps in to care for the child once he has come out of his many larval stages (as seen in Teenage Mutant Leela's Hurdles).
He seems to have at least dated Candy from the original Planet Express crew, though..I can't decide if it's funnier that Zoidberg was always a loser or if at some point his life just fell apart and he wound up where he is now.
It's funnier if he had a life, we find humor in tragedy.
You could theorize that, similar to ants, they have the young (teenage) decapodians care for the larvae after the biological parents die off. They would also possibly reserve a long term mate while childrearing together and as such would be 'married'. 
Well in earlier episodes he did have a mother who was disappointed at him for being a comedian and then being a doctor for not following his dreams
mating kills the male and it seems she takes another mate to raise the kid.
It actually kills both the parents. A third steps in to raise the child.
When he writes the letter to his Uncle Zoid he lists off all 3 of his parents..We see one of his other relatives in the episode "A Taste of Freedom" in which the female decapodian criticizes him for his career choice. I would guess that is one of his parents, but its hard to say for sure.
She also says "Sure, you can be a comedian instead of a doctor -- if you want your parents to roll over in their graves!"
"Sure you can be a doctor -- If you have given up on your dreams to be a comedian. "
He was a wedding planner
"I a saw frilly cake in here you would remember all your life"
"I know I will. Late at night it haunts me with its frosted beauty."
"ORDER THE CAKE DAMN IT!"
Good work today team. Take it easy tonight have a drink. I'll see you tomorrow.
The Sting..is a personal favorite.  The twist at the end is epic!
I think it's called war is the h word all the zapp brannigan lines in there tear me to pieces. 
I completely agree with you on Insane in the Mainframe and Hell is Other Robots is my other favorite underrated one
The key to victory is the element of surprise. SURPRISE!
Well my favorites are the luck of the fryish and the Jurassic bark episode Jurassic bark makes the list because its by far the saddest episode ever . I think the Seymour is  supposed to make a comeback this season
But what about your favorite underated episodes?
Well I can only remember so far back seeing how futurama has been off and on so often but it'd have to be the episode where fry drinks 100 cups of coffee 
"if rich people think its good, ill buy it! one art please."."hahaha, what a clever impersonation of a stupid poor person"
Time keeps on skipping or Prisoner of Benda!
Prisoner of Benda is my favorite for the sole reason that it is the only episode in the history of television to have a mathematical theorem developed and proved just for the sake of plot resolution. 
That's a fact that I always bring up when I try to convince a friend to watch.
I'm not sure if it's a fan favourite or not but The Honking is my absolute all time fav.
Interesting, what about it do you like? Other than the bits with the hungarian robots, I thought it wasn't very funny.
There are some brilliant gags during the mansion scene at the start, infact I thought the humour carried well all the way through. I know it's not the smartest thing they've ever done but I can't help but love the parralels with the classic werewolf story. A robot in to a car, whats not to love!!
"Ye think me be he?"."Si..."
ITT: All very well rated episodes. I think The Deep South and War is the H Word are the lowest rated mentioned here (and they're both rated quite well compared to some episodes)..Just to add my two useless cents :P
The Sting. My personal favorite. It shows just how much Leela and Fry care about each other. 
Isn't that strange though? I'm the kind of person to never like romantic movies or tv shows, but with that episode, I started to care about a fictional relationship. That's a first for me, and whatever the writers did, they did it right.
Fry and Leela's relationship is the first and only one that I care about. I cannot wait to see their wedding. For some reason I feel a deep feeling of love(?) for Fry and Leela. Is that weird? 
You're not alone, it's fucking weird. I think I should go outside a bit more..Oh dear god I hope they don't fuck this finale up
If the petition works Futurama might be saved. 
. If you haven't signed please do.
But no. I've seen enough evidence that we're not getting episodes on the par of the old run any more. I'm very cool with the idea that in a few months, futurama will be done forever. I don't want it to get any worse than this.
"if the petition works".has any petition ever worked?
How Hermes Requisitioned His Groove Back will always be one of my favourites. It was actually the first full episode I watched so it has stuck with me. .You are technically correct. .I think A Head in the Polls is also really underrated. Someone mentioned Hell is Other Robots too, reminding me how good it was and spurring me to watch it later. Dat song. 
You ever play any TF2? This SFM that I found on this subreddit was absolutely great. 
I do play and that's bloody brilliant!
My Three Suns is terrific. ."Honey, I wouldn't be talking about taste if I were wearing a lime-green tank top." ."BAM"
I'll show thee...
Robots don't say thee... also I'm thinking of a number between one and ten, pick it and you die first.... anytime I see the number 56 I quote this which is surprisingly a lot
I swore it was 'Ye', not 'Thee'
It is 
Insane in the Mainframe is actually my favorite episode of the entire series. Roberto is an amazing character. Aside from that one though, A Fishful of Dollars is up there in my top 5. .*This dream is brought to you by light speed briefs. Style and comfort for the discriminating crotch. 
STOP LAUGHIN AT ME, FLYING AVACADO!
That's tough cuz I love nearly all of the episodes, but Hell is Other Robots is one of my favorites. I love the song and know all the words and one of my all time favorite lines is in that episode. 
"Do I preach to you when you're lying stoned in the gutter? NO! So beat it!"
Of the newer seasons Law and Oracle is really great. It doesnt have the emotion of Luck of the Fryrish or the complexity of something like The Prisoner of Benda, but its just so funny I think I was laughing out loud from start to finish. Also we get to see Hedonismbot.
The Devil's Hands Are Idle Playthings remains my all-time favorite.
The Farnsworth Parabox!! such a great episode.
The Deep South doesn't get enough recognition for how good it is. 
I love the first few minutes. Especially Bender's illegal trafficking. ."Guess what you're accessories to?"
Amazon Women in the Mood. I love the way they laugh when the Amazon explains that they "no can dunk, but good fundamentals. That more fun to watch!"
They did what?!?! Did you tell them that the good fundamentals makes up for the inability to dunk?! Yes they still laugh anyways
Godfellas is my all time favorite.
Yea URL is pretty great. 
Pimparoo cannot exist.  I mean, I know I'm making an argument about an animated character in a nonexistent future, but....Have you ever heard of a pimp with deep pockets?
Looks like today is your lucky day pimparoo.
Awwww yeah.
Eh. I thought it was a shitty, cheap, filler joke. 
You didnt like pimparoo? :(
Is this angry yelling or broken hearing aid yelling?
"Kiff, how many men did we lose?"."All of them."."Well at least they won't have to mourn each other."
So far, the two people, which include this one, who have posted their "all-time favorite" jokes from the show, have been funny, but far from the best.
Evil Lincoln!
Whoa! Just watched that episode an hour ago!
So, crawling back to the big Z like a bird on its belly. Delicious..Birds don't crawl..They've been known to!
At first I thought you were a big pompous buffoon. Then I realised inside that buffoon is a petulant child. But now I see that outside that child is a big pompous buffoon..And which one rocked your world?
Professor: I've just made some modifications to the matter compressor.
Fry: What's the matter compressor?
Professor: nothing's the matter now that I've fixed the matter compressor
Bender- AHHH!! Your using my own words against me! 
"Sir, I volunteer for a suicide mission!"."You're a brave robot, son... but when I'm in command, EVERY mission's a suicide mission!"
"Sorry I'm late, my pool game ran long at the Jazz Club"
Kids love him.
Seriously? All time favorite? In the whole show? Seriously? Nothing makes you laugh more? In the entire series? For real?.I mean... Really?!
You can't have a favorite. Source if you care about any one thing to much you enjoy other potential jokes less
"The alien mother-ship is in orbit here. If we can hit that bulls-eye, the rest of the dominoes will fall like a house of cards. Checkmate."
Yes. Hence the title. 
It's personal. Star Trek: TNG hit when I was in puberty, so you can imagine what I wanted to do on the Holodeck. 
Almost everyone would use a holodeck for that. Besides a program for killing Hitler, interactive porn would be the highest selling program.
Dude, I'm in my late 20's, and that's . the only thing I would do in a holodeck. 
Quark on Deep Space Nine doesn't even try to pretend that's not the main thing people want them for. I believe early in the series he's noticeably baffled by the fact the Starfleet personell want to use them for anything else.
Quark is honest about everything except business.
Or something that may lead to business.
Happy time in the holodeck - fistfight and kill hitler, fuck cleopatra, smoke out bob marley
I'm more interested in someone from the age of shaved underarms?
like?
Men have it so easy. There are so few really great looking historical male figures. Non-creepy/evil ones i mean. 
Why not go back and tell him to never quit his job or giveup on painting, take killing out of the equation 
Cuz catharsis
In a holodeck why not program or creative your own, it doesn't need to be historical, besides if your female chances are your going with the Channing tatum preset on the holodeck
Nah. He doesn't do it for me. He just reminds me of too many guys from college. But making my own, yeah, that's a good idea. .Now i just need someone to invent the holodeck.
What would your holodeck hunk look like?  I'f I were penis-ly inclined, I'd assume Rasputin was a superfreak, Marquis de Sade (to an extent), or just try to see how Great Alexander was.  Also, scratch Cleopatra, I'd like to see how Great Catherine was (maybe before her equine escapades).
A tough question to answer. Apparently Rasputin was a superfreak but if we are going by general freakiness then Ben Franklin was apparently THE freak. I could take a young Ben Franklin, lol. Or maybe Julius Caesar. If he was good enough for all those women then why not? I think i would just make my own instead of searching history..I don't think Catherine the Great actually slept with the horse, that story was spread to discredit her (God forbid we acknowledge why she is called "the great" to this day)
 (5:04)

This would make paper,ink and divorce attorneys earths new precious commodities 
But you wouldn't be cheating on your wife with a real person. Just a fake one. One she can erase from the database. Lol. I joke. That would definitely be a cause for divorce for some people, yeah.
Even though Zapp is my favorite character, my favorite joke was when they were at the horse race, and one of the announcers said something about a "quantum finish." .Then the Professor immediately says "that's not fair, you changed the outcome by measuring it!" .Classic. 
Zapp: "I've studied abroad...or two."
The best is when Zapp and Kirk meet, seeing as how they're basically the same character.
This is one of many great lines that goes by so fast you hardly even think about it - but then in hindsight is incredible.  .Upon watching: "Heh, he had sex in the holo-shed, classic Zapp".
Extended thought: "Wait, Zapp knocked up three . - then, time went on . the holographic environment and they had babies - then, immediately upon becoming sentient, they file normal court proceedings to prove he's the father, which somehow had some level of legitimate legal recourse."
My favorite:."Scalpel. Blood bucket. Priest. Next patient!"."Woah doc, I ain't dead!"."Excuse me, I believe I'M the doctor!"
I liked the one where he was getting dissected and the surgeon pulled out the egg, and then he did it again so he goes "the same egg" its not a super clever one, but its funny
"Believe it all you want; that won't make it true."
Zapp's character is based on the idea of William Shatner captaining the Enterprise instead of James Kirk.
Exactly so when they see each other it's like they look into the mirror.
We're defenseless, like fish in a barrel. My instinct is to hide in this barrel, like the wily fish.
Kif, I'm sensing a very sensual disturbance in the force. Prepare for ship-to-ship intimacy.
"If it's a lesson in love, watch out, I suffer from a very sexy learning disability. What do I call it, Kif?"."Sexlexia""
"I'm going to jump!"
"No!"
"Do a flip!"
I still quote this line. I love it so much.
Almost every Zapp line is genius..Captain Zapp Brannigan: I'm de-promoting you, soldier. Kiff, what's the most humiliating job there is? .Kif Kroker: Being your assistant. .Captain Zapp Brannigan: Wrong. Being . assistant. 
Billy West does a marvelous job with his character, but I still wish I could have seen/heard Phil Hartman's take.
:(
"I'm the man with no name---zapp brannigan"
I dunno, I.C. Weiner has always seemed like a stroke of highbrow genius to me.
I'd like to place a pizza for I-period-C-period-Weiner
Zapp: What the hell is that thing?
Kif: It appears to be the mothership.
Zapp: Then what did we just blow up?
Kif: The Hubble Telescope.
In the commentary Matt Groening gets really upset about that joke and how it makes no sense.
Because it won't be up there in a thousand years or what? There are TONS of anachronisms in Futurama so I'm hoping he was upset about something else...
I do the same. 
Because why does the Hubble look like an alien ship?
Hmm. But Zapp is an idiot. Thatsthejoke.jpg
Could you speak up it sounds like ya got some kinda tiny head or something.
Mr. Pannucci has very few lines in the series, but every. single. thing. he says is gold. This is my one of my favorite quotes of all time. 10+ (or however many it's been) years later, I still say it to my friends whenever I get the opportunity. 
"What's up with Seymour? It's like he don't want ya to go, or he doesn't like your pants, which is ridiculous, because frankly, you look fabulous, NOW GET GOIN'!"
This part was so funny.
"Real holographic simulated evil Lincoln is back!!!" .Maybe my favourite line from that episode 
That's because Evil Lincoln is the greatest character anyone has ever imagined. I love how he pops back in after being blown into space. 
"I was born in 200 log cabins!"
Two Lincoln's for every Napoleon!
CHANGE PLACES!
One day, I will find a situation in real life where this is relevant.  It will be a very good day.
"You can't even remember your own name Einstein!"
"Hey Eisenstein is a hard name to remember"
"Hold, don't shoot laser cannon in space canoe.  Explosive decompression!".Zapp: "Spare me your space-age mumbo jumbo, Attila the Hun."
Zapp and I have a lot in common. 
Both are glad to be beaten up by women?
"After all that I could use some relaxation. I'll be in the Holo-Shed."
OH MY GOOOOD
OH MY GOOOOOD.
OH YOUR GOD!!
[deleted]
Oh you are god? 
No. 
It's actually, "Wait, don't shoot . in space canoe. Exprossive Decompression."
It's also 'space-age technobabble'
You are technically correct--the best kind of correct.
I always liked: "I find the most erotic part of the woman is the boobies."
"She's built like a steakhouse but she handles like a bistro!".Then there's his whole rock-paper-scissor and checkers/chess speeches. Basically Zapp is the best character ever.
Isn't that quote a Hitchhikers guide to the galaxy reference?
You know I'm not sure it's been a decade since I read that book. But if you find the quote I'd be quite happy.
There is no quote, there is just the bistromath which could have been the inspiration for the joke.
You're thinking of bistromathematics.
"If we can hit that bullseye the rest of the dominoes will fall like a house of cards, checkmate!"
What do you think about the new season?
I really like the 2nd and 3rd episodes but thought the 1st and 4th were incredibly underwhelming.
I enjoyed all the episodes. What disappointed you?
Something just seemed off in 2d blacktop. The singing annoyed me in leadbelly. The pacing in both was bad 
You should write a book, Fry. People need to know about the- 
Fry - I will always remember you - 
 was posted to this subreddit a few months ago and I've had it as my background ever since. I love it. The OP did a great job.
Thanks! Looks awesome!
thatsthejoke
I see your username.... Wernstrom -_-
Netflix it is labeled as episode 9.  Why Must I Be a Crustacean in Love?
I hope they do another scary door before the end
Indeed. I'd like another anthologies of interest myself. 
I can't figure out what this is referencing
It's making fun of all of the cop/detective shows where the main characters have some sort of special ability that helps them solve the case..The mentalist..Monk had OCD and a knack for noticing small clues..There's also that one where the detective has ridiculous memory like DVD playback..In this show the only way for the normal cop character to know who committed the crime is to simply 'find out.'.He is...  The Finder Outer!
Ok I thought his name was a reference to an older t.v. show or the twilight zone or something.
Sadly, the list of episodes out does not include an Anthology one. I don't think there are any three parters at all this season.
Next week's might be good:.S08, E07.The Futurama gang stars in a trio of craptastic morning cartoons..I saw in a quick preview that one of the cartoons will be based off of muppet babies.
Oooo I guess I was wrong
I would totally watch this. All the damned time.
Don't worry sons and husbands, it's not actually Mother's day.
"ewwww.."
Here is what the linked meme says in case it is blocked at your school/work or is unavailable for any reason:. | 
It doesn't work the same when "bra" is in capitals.
Any time any one says the word "bra", I always make a "keep it down" gesture and whisper "bra!".Thanks, Futurama.
Clicked on comment. Yeah, kinda.
I see what you're saying but I'm gonna say in that cap, he looks more like the bastard son of Mr. Burns and Beavis
yeah that's probably a better one
The Mutants are Revolting
It does in fact exist. It is episode 100: "The Mutants Are Revolting.".I'll attempt to sum it up:
They DO deliver a cake to a widow of a man who was on the sinking of the parody ship of Titanic. (landship)  In order to get it there safely, they do ask Bender to carry it in the ship..You are not imagining it.
"That was one hell of a bus.".Side note, anyway else find it amusing that they did two Titanic episodes?
It's made nitroglycerin for her heart, she takes one bite and throws it away, causing it to explode
it's a souffl 
Final episode, "All glory to Hypnotoad"
Anybody old enough to remember a line of astronaut toys in the 60s/70s, Major Matt Mason?.Check out  Callisto.Maybe all green aliens look alike
dooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooom
Spin off would be sweet
You know it always kind of bothered me how the Omicronians have invaded Earth about 4 times in the series so far, yet Morbo and his wife(?) are the only examples of his "mighty race" that we've ever seen on screen. I'd like to see an episode where the Omicronians get schooled in how to invade Earth by Morbo. Alas it'll never happen. Maybe in the comics?
an entire Morbo episode is nuts.... give me a Hedonism Bot episode.
Morborrama?
22 short films about Futurama? The simpsons did it pretty successfully so why not?
I'd like to see an episode where fry starts a rival delivery company and hires flexo as a replacement bender but morbo as a replacement Leela. Then morbo reveals himself to have been one of the last remaining member of his species resulting in fry trying to hitch morbo bc fry has given up on Leela so he try's to bring someone else happiness. At the end of the episode bender accidentally kills morbos child and hope for morbos race by giving him alchohal which is toxic to morbos species. 
Are you the calloused working man I ordered?
Shit, I'm still waiting for an "All My Circuits" episode they hinted at as an extra for one of the dvd movies.
FUTURAMA DOES NOT WORK THAT WAY! GOOD NIGHT!!!
TIL you can repost this once a week for free karma.
Boy, this A.C. is incredible! I'd better turn on the heater too.
I guess ford motor company is doing well in the 31st century
One word...Thunderkarmafalconbird.
She's a beautiful cup of coffee alright.
It's the safest way to protect your sexuality. 
Which episode is this?
S02E10 - Put Your Head On My Shoulders
Future Ford
No dog food for Victor tonight
Bictor*
Plus, there's some eagles under the floorboards. 
I only worry that it may not have enough eagles.
Awww, don't be sad. 
I'm sorry I thought it was an auction
I understand, And it's wonderful that you don't care whether anyone questions your sexual orientation. 
I care! I care plenty! I just don't know how to make them stop!
One word....thundercougerfalconbird
You're not santa, you're not even robots. How dare you lie in front of Jesus.
Jesus Zoidberg is my phones wallpaper right now
...what is it?
it's a "character" from the simpsons.
They mentioned that in the commentaries, as they would have needed to launch that pod to get back to Earth..Someone correct me if I'm wrong, but it . right.
Yeah they said someone pointed put the lander wouldn't be there so they slapped the sign up to mollify anyone who noticed.
Ohhh, now it makes sense. I always thought it was a massive goof.
If we streamline the manufacturing process, outsource to Asia and direct advertising to the elderly,gay/lesbians and futurama fans we could be millionaires overnight 
Who wouldn't :o
Sorry, we're not hiring at the moment.
Please post with coloring. That's awsome 
I will for sure post a picture of it when its done. Just so you know, because of my dark skin tone  its not going to come out like the original picture which is how I wanted it. But on the bright side I'll never get sunburn.
Yeaaaa being a white guy I wasn't making that point lol
Nice! Don't forget the two Dots above the BRU!
Actually they are there. They go above the last E in bender. Its hard to see them because of the lighting.
Ofcorse not. It just wouldn't be the same without them.
Here's mine from Netflix. I'll keep looking. 
Better?
Definitely better than what I have.  I'll probably use this, thanks!
Bender doesn't wear pants and sneakers! Also his antenna is much bigger. 
We're whalers on the moon!.We carry a harpoon!.But there ain't no whales,.so we tell tall tales,.and sing our whaling tune. 
That was a coin flip away from being the title of this post.
Than in an alternate universe it its the title
I got wheels; with clickity-clackers!
Like any other cat, he favors unreasonably big resources to.. Well, himself.
That's really cute!
So, I'm quite glad that I am one of the few people who can appreciate this post on both here and r/crochet :)
He deserved it, cats tried to reverse our polarity. I'm a nibblonion pet owner myself 
Is there a burn ward within 10 feet of here? 

Anyone else think this is an Eraserhead reference?
In Heaven...
That's just a radiator 
what's this episode about?
Great work. All these years, it never occurred to me why there was a radiator there.
So I actually watched S4:E12 yesterday and I was confused because this scene is no where in the episode. S4:E12 is "Where No Fan Has Gone Before" the Star Trek episode. Am I mistaken?
Huh, one of the few things I still never caught in the many times I've watched through the series. You really do keep finding lots of new things every time you watch these episodes. Definitely the number one thing that keeps me coming back to this show.
Doing the nasty in the pasty
Oh. My. Dog.
you're right. before i posted this, i googled which episode this was and some sites said it was the twelfth episode of the fourth . season and i just looked it up again and other sites are saying it was the ninth episode of the fifth . season. Regardless, the title of the episode is "The Sting"
At least you brought me knowledge that pertains to no useful situation whatsoever, and with that mankind is safe for another day. But seriously thanks for the find! 
He do snu-snu good!
Mehhhh.
Who's the ginger chick? I know who the others are (including the radiator), but between my friend and I, we can't remember who she is.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I thought gingers had orange hair and freckles? Wouldn't she just be considered a redhead?

I believe it was 
I have always loved that subtle callback
Really? No one has said it yet?.There still may or may not have been a Radiator Chick from a Radiator Planet. If you'll remember correctly, this scene takes place while Leela is in a coma.
Nice! I was trying to figure out where this scene was.. 
She's from the 21st century. Fry met her at the bar when everyone took Leela out to meet someone. Do you remember when robots enslaved all of humanity?
I do believe it was cyborgs.
When I was frozen giant carrots ruled the world. Now they don't , it takes  some getting use to 
That rings a bell.
I always thought this was pretty obvious... it's even making a sound like a tea kettle just before it's ready to whistle. 
yeah i think OP is sort of missing the joke... which is that the radiator he made out with showed up to his funeral.  its just a radiator, not a "radiator woman".  hence him asking for the burn ward...
Why would a radiator be located next to a pew with Fry's other romantic interests?
Actually it does have what appears to be a feminine style eye on the valve knob or whatever that is.
I think you're reaching a little
I disagree.
Yea, I think you missed the joke PlasmidDNA. It's that he "snu-snu'd" the radiator woman, and needed the burn ward for his pee-pee.
no, he snu-snu'd a radiator because he THOUGHT it was an alien woman, i.e. the radiator woman from the radiator planet.  hence needing the burn ward because it was actually a radiator
You don't think that the radiator planet could be populated with sentient radiator people? People whom it would be unwise for a human to mate with.
because he made out with it in that prior episode THINKING it was a "radiator woman from the radiator planet".  so as a joke it's put there with his other romantic interests....  I can't believe I am explaining this
You do realize that the creators of the show have gone on the record saying they'll throw continuity to the wind, in order to make a punchline work?  So please provide for me an . explanation as to why a inanimate object would show up to his funeral..The reason you're explaining it is because you refuse to get the joke.
THAT'S THE JOKE.  THAT IT'S INANIMATE.  HE HAD SEX WITH AN INANIMATE OBJECT AND BURNED HIS JUNK AND HAD TO GO TO THE BURN WARD.Jesus I feel like I am taking fucking crazy pills here
And it showed up to his funeral, why?
Because the "funeral" takes place in Leela's coma dream and thus never actually happened, so she's imagining that all of Fry's flings showed up at his funeral, including the radiator that he hooked up with (and told her about). What are you trying to say here?
Because its a fucking dream.  The Planet Express crew also doesn't spontaneously swap voices and sing show tunes but that shit happens in this episode too. Its a dream and they include the radiator for a joke because Leela thinks of it.  That is how dreams work.  Are you really that dense?
Because he had sex with all those other women as well. That's the joke, the amazonian said "he do snu snu good" and all the other women he snu snu'd, including the radiator, said "ehh."
I'm not asking because I don't know.  I'm asking because he doesn't know.
I do know.  And I already explained it.  More than once.  I'm not sure what you are having trouble with at this point.
WOW nice catch! .I guess fry did get lucky after all. 
edit: do spoiler tags not work here?
Hovering over the text shows me your spoiler.
Not on mobile :-(
Works on mine
How the hell do you hover on a cell phone? Galaxy S4 owner?
Note 2
Hold the power button, hit home, then up, up, down, down, left, right, a, b, select, start. 
_
You don't have a game controller to attach to your phone?
It's been over 5 years since that episode came out, the spoiler timeframe is long gone..(Holy shit it's been TEN years where the fuck has time gone)
so let me get this straight.. We got Patrick Stewart, Harrison Ford, AND David X Cohen all having birth anniversaries today?!!
Easily one of my favorite cities on earth.
where was this? I'm going to Barca soon and would like to see it haha
Its called parra-lel. I Made it a priority to check out most of the famous skate spots of the city (there are A LOT), this place is ledge and Mannie pad heaven. I remember Bastien Salabanzi filmed a bunch of tricks there for the Flip Sorry video. .Let me know if it's still there! Believe it may have been tagged on an electrical conduit box that was like 8 ft tall.
When are you gonna make another Simpsons movie?
He's awesome - he's the best voice on the Futurama DVD commentaries. (You all listen to those, right? They're pretty hilarious.)
Commentaries are a big factor in me buying DVDs/BluRays, and concurred he is wonderfully hilarious.
what day is today, it's davids birthday. what a day for a birthday. let's all have some cake (and you smell like one too). 
Hey weren't you that loser who got stood up at my other restaurant?
Happy birthday David! I'm not absolutely crushed by the fact you never answered my question in your AMA. I don't cry myself to sleep every night, and I most certainly have never been i that tree across from your second floor window with a pair of binoculars.
That show's been going downhill since season 3.
Why would you want to watch 20 minutes of Hypnotoad lol.
Because 
I'm personally waiting for them to acquire "Single Female Lawyer"..
My guess is somewhere around 2998
Why wouldn't he?.Also, all hail Hypnotized...
Never. Fox got exclusive deal on it long time ago. 
Fuck fox watch toad. Hypnotoad. Also licking your t.v screen will not induce hallucinogenic effects. 
Any chance of a larger resolution?
Where's Amy and Hermes?
Hermes is in the lower left corner by Hedonism Bot.  I cant seem to find Amy.
*Almost every character. 
Ei I'm just  gonna have to believe you just because I'm using my phone 
I see no bone vampires... 
Am I blind or is Roberto not in this?
Someone had to take the picture.
why do fry and leela have big heads?
They have big heads because they're representing the bobblehead alternate universive
oh thanks
I do not see Pimparoo...
Beat me to it
Now I'm just imagining him standing behind everybody ."Gettin' your picture taken, huh? Well, no one's taking anything from me. Haa! Aaaa! Ha-aaa!"
I can't find amy wong, clamps bot, roberto (as mentioned), the moon farmer, or his daughters, the robot minister.  I'm sure there are more..Edit: my brother pointed out fry and leela are actually actors because they were wearing big heads in the opera.  .Edit two (electric boogaloo)  professor upfront is alternate universe professor.  (Stitches around head)
This is uncomfortable and humiliating.. Now if they could make it into a suppository 
One of the more famous quote from obsoletely fabulous.  Something to always remember when life pulls you down and stresses you out.  Always look for the goodness in the world and you'll truly live you life to the fullest.
I love the 1-X robots....the 1-X robots are my friends. 
hummm humm humhumhum huuumm .It seems like someone has been hitting the electric eel. 
I always find quotes like that to be silly.   Reality is what you make it?  Make the best of things?  What if your reality is living as a african refugee after some warlord cut off your arm and killed your parents.  yeah.. just think happy thoughts.
Forced rationalization. My first guess whenever I read something like that is that whoever said it has a privileged life, which is a fallacious assumption but it's the risk one takes with their words. It really makes you come off as a pessimistic asshole (not taking things with humor, especially the less humorous things, is stuck in my mind as a sign of low emotional intelligence), but it's ok, Reddit loves playing that whole "life is miserable and everyone should suffer and that is the grand perspective of things" card. You may have meant the opposite, but to me the reality is that what you said is as awful to read as this very response. :)
Thanks baby!
what episode is that 
I don't know, Leela as Leia seems better to me.

wow, Leela really let herself go.
I got fruit boobs!
I don't understand. Why are the human still eating their soft pretzels instead of surrendering?
I really like how Zoidberg is dressed as Davy Jones.
This may be obvious to the rest of you, but is this a Twilight Zone reference or something else?
Yes
.TLDR: Aliens come with a book called "To Serve Man" and the humans think it is a "oh they are going to help us" book but really it's a cookbook..The Simpsons did a similar spoof on it during on their Treehouse of Horror episodes.
Thanks.  I saw the episode a few years ago but wasn't sure.
The salt content is just short of a lethal dose.
Well, I guess I shouldn't of had seconds.
SIGNED I
Can I anti-sign it?
It's time for the show to go away.
Why don't you just be neutral then.
Go the fuck away..
Fry: "But existing is basically all I do!".Story of my life.
"Bigfoot is my favorite because I can relate to him. He hates all the popular monsters while longing to be one of them." ~ Fry. Or something like that
This is the worst kind of discrimination! The kind against me! - Bender
"I help them who help themselves."
--Zoidberg Jesus
Hmm, if only there were a way to have a party for both of you here at the office, then write it off as a business expense... wait!  I thought of a way!  The way I just said!
It's gonna be fun on a bun! -Bender.  .Kajiggeru-des! -Kajigger lady.Leela: Fry, you may not be the most important person in the world, but it really makes me happy to see you right now..
Fry: Then I am the most important person in the world..
(Aww).
-- Prof. Farnsworth
"When you do things right, people won't be sure you've done anything at all." 
"This is a Verizon coverage map."
-Wernstrom
You were in a zoo!!!!
If you kill anyone make sure you eat their heart to gain their courage, their rich tasty courage.. mmh
"I am the man with no name. Zapp Brannigan, at your service."
"When's the funeral?"."Tomorrow, at the family castle. Followed by the reading of his will. Well, I'm rich. So long losers whom I've always hated!"
This concept of "wuv" confuses and infuriates us! - Lrrr
You don't want to be alone like zoidberg.. 
"One word.ThunderCougarFalconBird"- Car Salesman
"Mr. President, what the hell?" - Zapp Brannigan
"Please, Fry, I don't know how to teach. I'm a professor." - Farnsworth
Good news everyone!
-Dr. Zoidberg: We'll need to have a look inside you with this camera.
-[Fry opens his mouth]
-Dr. Zoidberg: Guess again. 
WINDMILLS DO NOT WORK THAT WAY!
I am Lurr, ruler of Omacrom Persei 8!
Any Zapp Brannigan quote is the best quote... The way to a woman's heart is through her parents, sleep with them and you're in... neutral quotes are funny... the amazon women quotes are funny... The very same Zapp Brannigan that did not blow up doop headquarters... and I like the Zoidberg quote "I'm intrigued with this love, teach me to fake it"
The Mongooses, that's a good team name.. The Fighting Mongooses.
I would have to say its a quote found in the new upcoming episodes I haven't seen yet. 
Zapp Brannigan: Brannigan's Law is like Brannigan's love: hard and fast.
Farnsworth: (Talking on the phone) Did he at least die painlessly? To shreds, you say. How's his wife holding up? To shreds, You say.
"The robot mafia supports you, but dont tell nobody.  Spread the word!" - Joey Mousepad..Also "If i wasn't so lazy id punch you in the stomach." - Sal
"But you are lazy, right?" - Fry
"Dont get me started!" - Sal
What's your source? 
but the deluxe edition has so much more eagle. - other car salesman
you mean, Bictor?
yes.thundercougarfalconbird
NONE LIKE It HOT!
Prison's not so bad you can make sangria in the terlet.
Of course its shank or be shanked
"The box says.... no." - Purple Zoidberg."Stop it, Stop it! I will destroy you woman."  - Morvo."He's clean, and he smells good too." 
"Better than me?"
"Awwww  ya"
Fry: It's just like the story of the grasshopper and the octopus. All year long, the grasshopper kept burying acorns for the winter, while the octopus mooched off his girlfriend and watched TV. But then the winter came, and the grasshopper died, and the octopus ate all his acorns. And also he got a racecar. Is any of this getting through to you?

"What's this water made out of, ice?"
"You'll grow a camel (?) hump! Or a Zoidberg face!" -Leela
"Ugh!" . -Zoidberg."You got a tattoo of me? Neat! It's like looking in a smelly mirror!" -Bender 
Bender: "Oh, so it's just coincidence that Zoidberg here is desperately poor and miserably lonely? Please...".Leela: "For your information. It's because he's hideous.".....Zoidberg: "I'd pay anything to end my miserable loneliness. If only I weren't so desperately poor..."
Some of you will be forced through a fine mesh screen for your planet.. They will be the luckiest of all. 
First thing that leaps to mind is Bender's fake funeral... 

"Bite my shiny metal ass." -Bender
"That was so bad, I think you gave me cancer!" - Calculon."Scruffy's gonna die the way he lived." - Scruffy
Scruffy is really just nick cage preparing for the new good will hunting 
What's my favorite Futurama quote? Everybody stand back, I gotta practice my stabbin'! ha-HAAAHH!
Dwight: I heard alcohol makes you stupid.
Fry: No I'm doesn't!
"How is working the lunch room, Frankie?"
"It's alright."
"Poor Frankie."
"I am the Man with No Name...Zapp Brannigan!"
Smith. Zapp Smith.  Brannigan.
"."
Professor Farnsworth
"What smells like blue?"
Shut up baby, I know it.
[deleted]
I like to watch them in order
well it's on now
It told me to tell my parents that it's educational.  Hypnotoad commands me to obey..OBEY..OBEY..OBEY....(I want a bone vampire.  So cute...if caustic.) :(
Reddit is a great way to find and express yourself in ways that may open you to ridicule by your friends. On here the ridicule is by meaningless strangers but THIS subreddit is the best by far, everyone seems like a interconnected family it's nice to share that. 
Bort.
That was from last week, but yes.
Was it really i missed last week lol, have they done the episode about the movie The Thing?
No
I've never seen that movie, so I can't tell.

I haven't checked in with Futurama in a while, but after watching the Scooby Doo portion of tonight's show, all I could think was, "maybe it is time to wrap this up."
I also made a thread 2 weeks ago about this season flopping.. I thought the beginning of the season their were some cool ideas, like the robot nature and the one where bender gets a kid are all A plus episodes imo, just these recent ones been lacking the creativity. Maybe it is true, that they really want to end the show for good this time
I'm just waiting for Calculon 2.0 or Game of Tones to somewhat purify the season.
They didn't "know" this was there last season when they made these to be fair.
It's funny....I can actually remember when this show first premiered.  I remember reading interviews with Matt Groening (probably TV Guide) basically pleading with viewers (there were no fans yet) to just give the show some time to develop its themes and characters....this request fell on deaf ears and it was panned as another Fox failure almost immediately..I still remember watching the premier with my dad, a Simpsons fan, and trying to explain that it may take a few episodes to get good.  He didn't buy it and agreed with the rest of America that this new "Future Simpsons" was awful.....Those were dark days for Futurama and the apparent handful of people that actually enjoyed the show.  I am reminded of those days every time I read a post in this sub about how the old episodes are better than the new episodes and the show would be better off cancelled.  The old episodes that everyone seems to revere are what got the show cancelled in the first place.  What made people appreciate the genius was the repetition of watching these first few seasons over and over again.  All the reoccurring themes, background gags, reoccurring jokes, one liners and underlying story lines finally could really be appreciated when seen over and over again..What I'm getting at I guess is that if you are a true fan of this show, please stop trying to destroy it for the rest of us.  If you think the latest episode was trash, please wait until you can watch the rerun a couple times before you make a judgement.  Fox thought the first few seasons sucked too....until Cartoon Network put that shit on non-stop.  
Old yellers dying son. Soon you'll have to take him out in the woods and do what's right. 
I thought the episode was great but this season has been flat.  My hope is repeated viewings will increase my enjoyment but no breath will be held.
I came here just to see if I'm the only one thinking they're throwing it so they won't come back this time.
"Yes, let's dump this high-paying dream job of writing for a popular scifi cartoon!"
I doubt it's high-paying work.
I didn't really think of it in that context, but you could really be on to something!
The season is young and the writers are old. Give them time and the second to last episode will be one of the 7 greatest!
and what makes you think that
This was possibly the worst episode I've seen, next to Yo Leela Leela.
I actually had to turn it off at the purple berry crunch shit.
Agreed.
I was just about to post something similar,  that episode was awful. its a dam shame
How would you feel if you were being cancelled... again... for the third time (not just the second) and being told you were never going to air again? Probably not too creative..I would imagine it's a feeling like being rejected by your crush, getting a new crush and getting rejected by them. Then after a while you come back and finally start trusting again, only to get rejected. It's cold, it sucks, and you feel like crap. These are real people with emotions that make this show. Please try to   be mindful of that.
Oh okay now it's funny again.
i hate to agree, but i do. lastnights episode was complete garbage. it made me sad :(
They didn't know it was the last season when they were making it.
They developed the last two episodes . it was the last season, similar to what they did with The Devil's Hands are Idle Playthings..But the rest of the season? Nah it's just going to be like last season
Hope and denial mostly
This seems like an easy way to increase the amount of deaths as the result of a flood.
All I could think was Futurama and Fallout New Vegas.
This took my mind straight to The Time Machine by HG Wells. Two peoples, separated by their class that were either driven underground or took over the world above... Come to think of it, now I realize that the sewer mutants are also an homage to this.
That is crazy!
who loves orange soda? kel loves orange soda.
This title is horrible. How can you misquote and completely ruin that line so badly and call yourself a fan of the show?
Here is a list of video links collected from comments that redditors have made in response to this submission:
Happy birthday! Have a great one!
Today is my birthday too! Happy birthday, birthday bro or sis. Hope it's a great one!
Two liter bottle of Shasta and an all Rush mix tape. 
It's my birthday too! But I am now 24. Happy birthday!!!!!!
Hey bud. Happy birthday! I feel your pain but the internet loves you. Make 18 your best. you only have one 18th! Welcome to adulthood...haha
Watch out .!
I'm celebrating my birthday tonight with almost this is exact method.  So its cool
Hey it's my 21st today! Have a great one, birthday buddy!! 
Space Invaders?
Space invaders and rush all the way!
Btw, happy birfday! . 
Mix tape of:
Wow, an 18 year old kid who listens to Rush. There may be hope for todays youth after all.
Very few eighteen-year-olds actually listen to Katy Perry and Justin Bieber. I'm eighteen and literally every single one of my friends hates that sort of trashy pop music.
Big brother standing by. I'm just here to get the last guy.
dude no way, I am exactly 11 years older than you!
 - This is my current background
Mixed tape? Go out and buy yourself an iPod. Its your birthday!
I listen to rock, metal, classic, folk, 
I don't like the music of now
I'm assuming you mean "popular" music when you refer to the music of now.  Popular music has always been pretty horrible and very unchallenging to the listener's ears, which sucks.  On the flip side, great (unpopular) music is still being written today. . was released this year and it's one of the best progressive metal songs I've ever heard.  . is brilliant.
happy birthday,bro
We're the same age, to the day! Happy birthday my friend
I'm tagging a lot of people as birthday buddy here, this is great!
Same! Anyone else born on a Friday? 
Friday 13, 1990 here!
probably foreign but still this is just awful idk how this got upvotes
is that true? does he?
i do i do i do ooooooo
With grammar like that, I highly doubt you're 18. Try removing 10 or so years. 
My second son was born this morning brother! Eating McDonalds and raising a Strongbow to you both!
You dirty bastard, getting on the Strongy. I hope you have a minging hangover in the morning.
Unlikely, only the one. I have a wife and little chap to collect first thing!
Get yourself down to Tesco and get some Thatchers Gold, it's the king of ciders. Treat yourself young man. Treat yourself.
On it as soon as my driving is not required! I shall report back, sir.
Happy birthday!
Happy Birthday guy. You and I were born on the exact same day.
Hey, today is my birthday too. Happy birthday, random stranger who happens to enjoy a specific thing relevant to my interests!.No really. I mean it.
Happy birthday! It's mine today too 
I think you meant a half bottle of shasta and your all rush mixtape...
Lrrr ruler of the planet Omicron Persei 8 says, Happy Birthday. 
DROP DOWN! INCREASE SPEED! REVERSE DIRECTION!
You get a pass because the compact disc is older than you.
Hey, according to ., its also Sir Patrick Stewart's birthday! Happy birthday!
Today is your day, it's Ulrikh's birthday, what a day for a birthday let's all have some cake!
Wanna buy a slice of birthday cake for $11.95?
And you smell like one, too!
Bah! Came here to say this! 
Get  legally hammered by drinking alone. .Welcome to adulthood. Here is your complimentary depression and alcoholism. 
In the states, legal drinking age is 21. He can legally purchase a bong, though.. Not too out of luck. Or he's not American, then, go for both.
MIX tape. MIX tape. MIX TAPE! NOT mixed tape. Sorry. I feel better now.
*What day is today? It's Ulrikh's birthday, what a day for a birthday let's all have some cake!.Sorry, don't mind me, I have anywhere from 30-80% of the lines of any Futurama episode (excluding the latest season) memorized. I'm not sure if I'm proud of this.
Be proud. My family will be trying to remember a Futurama quote, I end up correcting them and explaining other jokes/facts about the rest of the episode. I have earned the nickname Futurama Encyclopedia. It's an honor! 
Ask your friends to call you The Professor instead.
I did this like three years ago. They looked at me like I was dumb and have never once called me the Professor.
Thanks DiscoXDino, you know you and I are of a kind, in a different reality i may have called you friend..Melllvar has 3 l's, and George Takei has been to enough Star Trek conventions to know how to spell Melllvar, he also has a sexily seductive voice, and never talks about himself because no one asks..I'm glad I can do this here without the eye rolling, feels good man.
Ahaha! I would do that but...I am already in my pajamas. 
That orange soda better be a two liter bottle of Shasta! 
You butchered an hilarious quote.
His misquote is bad and he should feel bad!
And I take it personally. 
My god!  Almost three years you've been waiting for this moment!  Serendipity!  
I just think it's funny that each segment of the quote follows the original but each detail is wrong
a*
[deleted]
I will never understand how reddit sometimes vilifies people who correct others' grammar, and sometimes it get up-voted.  It simply defies logic..I will be leave the "an" in there.
Both a/an are correct.
"An" may be a correct choice here, but it also sounds stupid.
To your ears. Just like "a" sounds stupid to my ears.
your ears looks stupid to me
So you're British?
It doesn't even make sense though.  Every other consonant sound, you use "a".  What makes the letter "h" any different?
It better be an all rush mix tape
It's the only option. 
Tom Sawyer all night long
2112 may be more appropriate haha
Por que no los dos?
Por qu no Zoidberg?
Why not both?
Needs more Limelight
Everything needs more Limelight.
And Yyz!
it's pronounced yy-zed and neil peart stands alone
[deleted]
I actually quite enjoy all of the 3 part episodes.  More so than many of the normal episodes.
I can understand why they would choose to parody Scooby Doo and G. I. Joe because Futurama's target audience most likely grew up watching these shows, but the Strawberry Shortcake bit threw me off. Turns out there was a Strawberry Shortcake series in the early 1980s, which was revived in 2003, so you'd have to have been a baby or in your 30s to fully understand the reference.
I honestly thought it was a Smurfs send-up.
So glad I'm not the only one.  Although I never watched either one.
Right? I thought the Professor was supposed to be ., but everyone was saying Strawberry Shortcake. I never actually watched either show, so I guess I don't really give a fuck.
Gargamel also has a familiar: his cat!.There's also the monocolor people, smurfberry cereal..I too, thought it was smurfs.  
What's wrong with being in your 30s? :P
Nothing! I just meant that the target audience is people aged 18-34, so viewers are more likely to be in their 20's and be familiar with cartoons that aired in the early 90's. 0:
Al Jean and Mike Reiss everybody!
There's David X. Cohen.
If you listen to the commentary on the DVD, Matt Groening says the following during this scene: "aaw but i wrote the sitcom about the sassy robot..." and everyone laughs
Here is what the linked meme says in case it is blocked at your school/work or is unavailable for any reason:. | 
Hello, Beautiful! Who's this sassy robot I keep hearing so much about?
 from . where Homer sketches a rudimentary version of a Bending Unit (You can see it even runs on booze) and . another familiar unit that may have become the inspiration for Robot Santa Claus.
Never noticed the Christmas light nipples.
Oh, Banndit, you are the .!
Zzzap. Zzzap.
Thhhhhap. Thhhhap. 
Aren't they talking about "Small Wonder"?
That's what we're talking about, too.
theyre talking about me, bender./s
Bite my shiny metal ass.
The dashing hops powered mean machine himself!
Oh wow, suddenly Kurt Vonnegut showed up.
I also love how they both have the same voice actor :3
I saw that and didn't even think twice. Hearing Bender's voice and seeing a chest open like that made me not even realize it was a different show.
AAAAH! MY TWO FAVORITE SHOWS HAVE MERGED AS ONE! 
They both have the same voice actor.
Yes, yes they do.

i thought this was . and i got confused..I didn't notice that before though :) two of my favorite shows in one
Considering John DiMaggio is also the voice of that character, it's kind of a no brainer
Bound to happen sometime.. Now I'm just waiting for an Adventure Time Reference on Futurama..
What if Adventure Time was in Futurama's past?.After the Nuclear Holocaust (which is partly caused by the constant alien invasions) it is assumed that Finn is the last remaining human living amongst the Mutants.  But, it turns out that small enclaves of humans were hiding underground, biding their time until they could reclaim the earth from the Mutants.  After a great war the Humans prevail and force the remaining Mutants to live underground in the world's sewers until Fry's uprising leads both groups to live in peaceful coexistence. .But for many years before the uprising, Mom, being the unscrupulous person that she is, used Mutants as test subjects while creating her robot empire.  While the default robotic voice was fine for a while, her head of Robotics, Professor Farnsworth (who was oblivious to Mom's nefarious testing on Mutants), could not create natural voices for the robots, which was a major flaw for Mom.  So Mom began taking Mutants and hooking their brains up to super computers to access their speech centers and transfer them to her robots.  .The World Government's Species Rights' Tribunal, Ruled by the Heads of the Nuremburg Judges, would act quick to prosecute Mom should her experiments come to light, so she had to build her operations somewhere that they would never look:   Tijuana.  .Beneath a small village, in a deep underground facility, lies a slack-jawed, comatose Jake, whose brain is assigned to be transferred to select Bending Units in Fbrica Robotica De La Madre.
Unlikely(ish) given that the timeline of AT is likely post 3000 AD, too, given that there are multiple characters confirmed to be 1000+ years old who were ~5 and ~45 at the time of the apocalypse.
1000+ years old characters in which show?  Also, I admit I've only watched several episodes of AT, plus whatever I've seen on Cracked plus what my friend tells me of the show, and various clips he's had me watch, so I cannot claim super familiarity with show. .I just thought It'd be fun to write up how John DiMaggio gets around..EDIT:  I fail wording.
Adventure Time. Marceline and the Ice King are both confirmed to be over 1000 years old, and Princess Bubblegum is implied to be. It's not a terrible fan theory, though, disregarding some word of god stuff. .There are actual humanish sewer mutants in Adventure Time, and Jake is one of the more morally ambiguous characters, admitting to being a thief and such, so maybe having his brain transferred and losing Finn meant that he reverted back to his criminal state of mind..Maybe it's also two version of the same universe. In one, the wars and such lead to humanity rebuilding itself into much the same society, forming the Futurama universe, with a stretchy robot and his inept red haired sidekick, while in another it leads to the virtual extinction of humanity and the existence of a stretchy dog and his somewhat inept, extremely righteous sidekick. Both manifest in the same general character, but their actions are guided by the influences around them.
Oh yeah!  I remember the clip of the Ice King and how he came into possession of his crown.  I vaguely remember a bit about Marceline.  I had no idea about Princess Bubblegum..Yeah, wasn't there an episode of AT where Jake and Finn encounter a homeless person, who turns out to be an evil wizard?  I think in that episode there were mutants who sort of remember what they were before.  I think..I like the idea of the two versions of the same universe..Also, I figured the "Word Of God" was a reference on TVTropes.  So I went there.  I did so well, until the very last link.  So close.
Word of god is just a general "the creator said it, therefore it is true" thing..Multiple universes is usually a good way to making stuff compatible if there are similarities. A bit lazy, but it works nonetheless.
So basically, the Marvel or DC multiverses? 
Not a comic guy, so I don't know, but I'd assume so.
Like the TV show Sliders? .Ooh, or when the Planet Express crew flies to the end of the universe and waves to their counterparts the next universe over. 

Woah woah woah, when is PB implied to be 1000 years old?
In the Simon and Marcy episode it seems like the sentient gum creature is some sort of precursor to PB, either a primitive form or a distant relative, and there have been episodes like the one with Princess Cookie which imply that she doesn't age, so a synthesis of that information seems to imply that she's been around for a while, and stayed the same age for a while.
Given Futurama is in its last season, don't get your hopes up.
Given Futurama has survived 6 or 7 cancellations (between seasons and movies)  I don't understand why people always think that this is the last time Matt Groening and David X. Cohen would want to dabble in the art that is Futurama. 
This'll be the second cancelation, but the point still stands.
Wasn't it intended to stop after season four and the movies? It didn't get cancelled after the movies, but it was probably treated as such..EDIT: I am a robot.
Was canceled after the original four seasons, then brought back as straight-to-video movies, but that doesn't really count as being "renewed for air", it doesn't count as being canceled if they weren't actually intended to be a new season. The four movies became the 5th season after Comedy Central picked it up for renewal, which is ending now. Two cancelations.
I wasn't denying two cancellations, I was just saying three endings.
Probably for that reason.
If you really think that, ur a fool
... How? The season is definitely finished.
this season being finished is totally different from it being it's last season...
Well it's been dropped, so unless another parent company picks it up again, it's done.
Which it has been, multiple times.
Doesn't mean it will be again, at all.
That's the best time to do it. It's not like you're going to get cancelled if you piss someone off. 
I meant the season is probably finished.
Well when you put it that way, it makes perfect sense. 
Well yes, but they may have already put one in a yet-to-be released episode.
Better quality cap
Anyone else notice that R2D2 was facing the wrong way?
Is there anyone who can to the solid-color profiles with Hermes and Amy? Probably in Green and Pink?
on the ascent of robot, they should put an automated vacuum cleaner instead of the trilobite looking thing.
These are going to be so great for my wallpaper rotation. Thanks, you rock!
Got any more Bender related ones? in 1080p
why is there no wolverine in the xmen futurama?
Anyone care to mock up one with Leela saying "You gotta do, what you gotta do".Something like . Except with more HD's
I love you! <3
Going to put up #25 in my office
The Nibbler one is the best. Verily. Can anyone make it 1920x1080?
What about setting one of them as subreddit header image?
 is a good one missing from that album.
In the first one, shouldn't Leela be Leeloo?
Some of those seem like they'd be incredibly difficult to find your icons on. I love the nibbler one though, so thanks for that.
Took me awhile, but i found Wall-E. Hmm, Bender putting the move on Eve
In the superhero one, why isn't Fry dressed as Captain Yesterday?
I never understood how Leela's parents were at that Space Dome from the last movie (The first background). That was technically before mutants were allowed on the surface, and her dad was frightened of space, and her mother dreamed of going to space, after she'd already been in space.
I have my own I made years ago- 
My desktop thanks you.  .Also - that fifth element one...is that from somewhere?  I haven't seen anything like that yet.  New episode perhaps?
It's been around for a few years, think it must be fan made. 
anyone else think that in the xmen one, leela should be cyclops?
No Scooty Puff Sr.?
Thanks, I really like the one that has fry passed out on bender. It reminds me of the Calvin and Hobbes one.
Does anyone know where I can find the background that has the 8-bit Planet Express building from the Reincarnation episode. I got a new computer and can't find it anywhere.
I had fun trying to name all the robots.  Only got some but I saw:.Two versions of Marvin the Paranoid Android.R2D2 and C3P0.Possibly 1812 from Farscape.Mo, Eve and Wall-e.Tom Servo from MST3000.K9, a Dalek and some Cyber Men.The crazy car salesman robot from Futurama? Bender and Calculon.The Robot from the Red Robot Productions logo.GIR.The android logo.Rosi from the Jetsons.Tic Tock from Return to Oz.Two Cylons.Sonny from I, Robot and Andy from Bicentenial Man.The Tin Man.A Turret from Portal.790 from Lexx.Jenny from My Life as a Teenage Robot.Mr. Buttlertron.A Squidie from the Matrix.Maria from Metropolis.Rodney from Robots.Robot Bill and Ted.Kryten from Red Dwarf.The Robot from Lost in Space.Cutie of Isaac Asimov?.Terminator.Johnny 5.The Robot from The Day the Earth Stood Still
 (I'll keep editing this as I find more).Robby the Robot from Forbidden Planet.Dot Matrix from Spaceballs.XR from the Buzz Lightyear movie.Robot Jones from Whatever Happened to Robot Jones.Robotboy from Robotboy.ATLAS from Portal 2 (I assume Peabody is in there somewhere as well? I didn't see him.).Bubo the robot owl from Clash of the Titans.Thundercleese from The Brak Show.Watch? The protagonist from the movie Robots.Noo Noo (the vacuum) from Teletubbies. .Also you just listed one Terminator, I saw both Arnold and the T2 cop.
Calculon's there too

Allow me to start you off with this.

Zoidberg is wolverine 
Because he's fryclops :D
I've saved this post; set for life.  Thanks a bunch.
There isn't periwinkle in this picture? :l
I was thinking more of the whole segment... and not just the colors, but the feeling as well.
ORANGERED 5 EVA
Periwinkle: ."Wild Grape": .Which one would you say is in the screenshot?
Eyy, I'm just a man!
I'm diggin dat "Wild Grape"

We are the best!!
It wasn't my favorite, but I did chuckle at the Scooby-Doo parody when they chose NOT to replicate the doors scene, and just had them run from one room to the exit.
Yep... that got me too.
bort
I feel the show has made three-parters quite the habit, but how could I could I ever complain about .! 
The last episode started out . but ended okay. I couldn't stand the scooby-doo parody, but nixon dubbing over GI Joe was hilarious. I was never a huge fan of the episodes that were split into three stories, so I hope the rest of the season leaves the gimmick alone.
I agree -- when the 2nd segment started, it had the same "intro" and I thought: "damn, not the scooby doo again!"
I haven't watched the episode yet, but my first thought when I saw "2nd segment", my first thought was "GODDAMNIT, . three-segment?"
Yeah. The GI Joe part was definitely the best part. Of course the blatant racism toward the middle of the cereal bit had me laughing too.
All the second part did was inexplicably make me want sugar-coated sugar-blasted purpleberry cereal featuring orageberries..I wonder why that was....Edit: Apparently some of you cereal/spelling fascists feel "orangeberry" actually needs to have an N in it. I'll see you in hell.
Bort
"Bort" made me laugh more than it really should have. 
It certainly didn't the first time, but reusing the same sequence three times was actually hilarious and the best part of the 'lazy, merchandise-first kids cartoon' parody. I assume it was supposed to be a smurfs ripoff, but I don't remember them having a breakfast cereal.
 was an awesome box of sugar.
Holy diabetes batman. I was blissfully unaware of this.
Yeah this and the Naturama episode are ones that make me think "This is why you got cancelled again Futurama"..It doesn't suit the show's style at all in my opinion and seems forced as if they can't think of enough real episodes.
The naturama one was hard to get through, it was just boring. Amazing characters are a large part of why Futurama is so great, and they lose that when they're forced into other roles..I think it's a throwback to when Groening did the three-part treehouse of horror Simpsons episodes, but at least those had a constant theme and served a purpose as a Halloween special.
I didn't mind the episodes, but they were crappy season finales. The previous season Finally was something similar. If they end the series on one of these kinds of shows, instead of a meaningful one, then they deserve to be canceled for good this time.
Yeah Treehouse of Horror only ever 'got away with it' because it was a once a year Halloween special and even then, you'll find people who really hate them because they break the show's normal format..It's ridiculous for Futurama to randomly decide that they'd make some sort of nature documentary half-parody and loosely cast the animals as the characters. There's barely even any non-visual resemblance between the characters and the animals, it's all just forced catch phrases..A shame because some other episodes of Season 7 have seemed like a throw back to the good old days.
For example, the episode two weeks ago involving the crew being forced into firefighting. That was an excellent episode.
Assuming NNY is a pretty closer overlay to the current NYC layout, they're probably near Rector Park, in the White Hall neighborhood.
 says that it is located on the corner of "West 57th Street and, most likely, Henry Hudson Parkway." However, on the map in the image it would probably be near the corner of West and Chambers Street. 
I can imagine the first planet humans populated they created a city and called it New New New York City..At first, of course, it was called New New Amsterdam but it was too.
I must admit, I teared up at the end of this episode.
"Near-Death Wish", S7E10.
