Rome could have been built in a day.
Que?
Mas arcos!
Best told with a beer can in hand. 
I used to redneck but then I took an arrow to the knee
Cool story.
The man was not very smart, so he could only count with his fingers. Once he used up all the fingers on his first hand, he had to use his second and to continue counting to 10. While switching hands, be put the bomb by his legs. The cherry bomb exploded in between his legs and "sterilized" him, effectively doing the work for his vasectomy. 
I have literally looked at all the jokes on the thread JUST so that I can read your posts and upvote them.  And well, of course, laugh.
This is why the joke is titled ". Vasectomy". Emphasis added.
I like when my wife shares her pizza with me
a pizza is useful.
Pizza goes down the mouth, your opinion - up the ass.
Go tell that to jerkin Joe and see what kind of pizza you get
People like pizza.
The pizza isn't half-baked?.(I groaned at my own joke)
I'm going to sit back at my corner now. 

I lol'd :D
Fail
lol. Now that's a good one. 
This is actually a fail, because even though he is the 'Most secretive person', he has disclosed he is the 'Most secretive person'.
You can't tell only 'how much it means to me'? That's bad for the 'Most secretive person'!
Except you told us you won! Now the prize will be stripped and awarded to the runner up... if we only knew where to find him...
^ Point, you know. .However, if the people who gave OP the award found out.... 
Endless cycle of "Congratulations!... YOU ARE NOT WORTHY!"
super callous fragile mystic hexed with halitosis. 
You skipped part of it, you don't explain the mystic part
Ohmygod this was so dang funny to me. Upvote!! :D 
Been on reddit too long... time to call it quits
slow clap . . .
Mind. Blown.
I Dont get it :(
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious. From Marry Poppins.

I did NOT see where that one was going! Well done!
There is no other way to tell this joke. This should be a classic. 
Who says it's not a classic?
Reminds me of another joke..Mary Poppins decided to stop being a nanny and moved to Los Angeles to be a fortune teller. She was very good at her job, which involved her telling your fortune by smelling your breath. Outside of her house she put a sign that read: "Super California Mystic, Expert Halitosis"
Also reminds me of another joke..Mary Poppins went to a restaurant and ordered a cauliflower pizza and a seafood omelet. Upon eating the food, she said, "Super califlower dish but eggs were quite atrocious."
Brick?
Just noticed it. But will OP? DUN DUN DUUNNNNN
I don't get it.
Disabled child comes in and he's named brick, presumably part of the family specified in the joke. This implies he was hit on the head as a child with a brick, leading him to the mental state he's in now
where's YourJokeExplained when you need him?
If this is a Linkin Park joke thread, can we include the mashup album with Jay-Z? Cuz if not, I got 99 problems...
These LP Jokes are crawling in my skin.
The puns are making me numb...
I've practically Given Up trying to understand these references. 
Frankly, thinking of all these are making me Faint
It's easier to run away than baring enough of them to actually faint, don't you think?
Knock it off! I'm about to Break!
Everytime you counteract my pun it's making me go One Step Closer to the edge.
You all are like the catalysts for these jokes
Sorry for taking so long, but i'm Breaking The Habit
It's a shame, you tried so hard.
And got so far...
I tried so hard and got so far but now I am looking for somewhere I belong. (Or something like that isn't t)
this reminds me of another joke:
whats the difference between a bucket of sand and a bucket of period blood?
you cant gargle sand...

You're telling me.
Jake's wife knew that he was cheating on her, and without him knowing, she poisoned him and killed him. 
Hey dude, you are lacking on your job. People are asking where you are at!
I went camping last week. It was in tents! 
A mechanical engineer walked into a bar. It was tensor.
This was a bad joke eel last week.
Some of us don't subscribe to ..
A man goes to a psychiatrist and excitedly says, "Doc, you gotta help me:  I'm a teepee, I'm a wigwam, I'm a teepee, I'm a wigwam...".The psychiatrist replies, "Calm down, your two tents!"
Trying to look at the road, she gasps, "is this thing the hand brake or the stick shift?"
I like the, comma. 
As do, I.
Have you ever seen his wife, though?

What's black and screams?.Stevie Wonder answering the iron.
This is my favourite joke in the world.  Even tell it to my blind friends.
I don't know a single blind person... Yet you've befriended more than one of them?
There were two of them. They always travel in pairs.
They walk single file to hide their numbers.
one of them leads the other
I see what you did there. Upboat.
Fun fact! If you don't know any blind people, you can easily create your own!.WARNING: They may not be willing to keep being your friend afterwards.
Oldie, but goodie!
I have not been here long but this is probably the 4th time I've seen this "joke" here. Not counting the first time I heard it IRL. 
And in fact the bull stopped after seeing the badge!
Soo...  Did he make it out?  Please deliver OP.
No, he got gored by the bull and died a horrific death. 
"He wants to get down there and have sex with those cows"
And then the rancher fainted.
I guess I could just start copy pasting my grandfather's e-mails to r/jokes as well. 
We'd prefer you didn't 

OP pls
This is awesome... :)
This is awesome.  Who are the morons downvoting?  DEA?
Good Question...If that is the case, I'll have you downvoters know im not DEA..thanks...
Because it's a frequent repost, lots of people have heard it before so they don't find it funny and vote it down.
Heard it before but it always gets a chuckle 
Would have been better if the field was filled with Poison Oak or Poison Ivy. 
A coward you are, Redkirth. An expert on cows you are not!
Did it work? 
It's not a real story. This didn't actually happen. You're in ..
Actually he was raped. . is a pretty accurate representation of what happened.
Megarape.
Nicely done, got me chuckling audibly like an idiot.
retread.
9 Times this has been posted just from searching "DEA" .And it's definitely been here more often since it was here about 2 weeks ago with a different title
Something similar happened to a friend of mine while we were playing cards one night.  It was late and a few friends and myself were enjoying a friendly game of poker and a few cocktails.  My friend's apartment was not in the best neighborhood.  In fact, it was awful, so awful that when a swat team showed up at the front door demanding entrance, no one was surprised.  Some gang member was on the run and they were sweeping the large complex that my friend lived in.  We had no real cause to deny them access to the apartment, with the exception that it completely violated our privacy since they didn't have a warrant.  They showed us pictures and asked if we had seen the guy they were looking for.  We hadn't  We were completely hammered so we thought this was pretty cool.  The officers were cracking jokes as they poked around.  My friend's place was a real shithole.  Since I was the only semi-sober one, I shouted to the officers not to open the door to the last bedroom on the right.  My friend was dog sitting his sister's mastiff and four of her puppies.  She was generally a friendly dog, but she had become slightly ornery since becoming a mommy.  Well, the officer's didn't like being told where they couldn't go and opened the door before I could tell them why.  The officer's face when he opened the door was priceless.  The dog must have been looked real cute at first, but she didn't appreciate being disturbed and his smile quickly faded.  As she lunged at the door, the officer at least had the sense to close it.  Well, that didn't stop her.  She piled right through that door and got stuck.  I was surprise the officer didn't open fire.  This dog was massive, at least 200lbs.  I have a Bernese that weighs 120lbs and this mastiff made my dog look like a toy.  After ridiculing the officer that I had tried to warn him, they left, slightly embarrassed..Edit: It wasn't really a swat team, but it was a a group of heavily armed police officers
Not every officer wants to shoot a dog.  
I love stories with happy endings.
Plot twist: field is also filled with unexploded land mines
Hopefully he'll have cress seeds.
Hate the DEA; got a big laugh outta this.
Are you Walter White?
Heisenberg will do.
What's Wrong with the DEA?
The fact that they are the primary enforcers of the war on our own citizens for one, and have a long history of excessive use of violence and illegal activities?  
What isn't wrong with it?
It doesn't rape your girlfriend like I did last night
sr-k whip hune
with a spoiler at the bac
well.
Having imaginary sex again? You should see a therapist about that.
So... You see a therapist after you fap? That's.. Odd.
So fapping is having sex with someone that doesn't exist? I guess you could think of it like that. Pretty weird, though, if you ask me.
They don't let me 420blazeitfagget :(
Me neither :(
No kidding. I'm always wanting to 420blazeitfagget, but as soon as I start up, I always hear pounding on the door, and it's always the DEA going "Hey, you in there! Stop trying to 420blazeitfagget, that's illegal!"
Plot twist: your dad is a DEA agent.
take out the part where you call him an "arrogant" officer, let the reader decide that themselves. 
Exactly. This whole thing reads like a Mad Libs
Reminds me of that romance novel a redditor authored and recently pleaded for our help to sell which was absolutely covered in adjectives.
A <Three Letter Name of Govt Agency> Agent stopped at a <location containing animals> in <any state> and talked to an <adjective> rancher. He told the rancher, "I need to <verb> your <same location containing animals> for <plural noun> ." The rancher said, "okay, but don't go into that <location> over there...", as he pointed out the location. The Agent verbally exploded and said, "look <greeting>, I have the <noun> of the federal government with me!" Reaching into his rear back pocket, the <insulting adjective> officer removed his <small item> and proudly displayed it to the rancher. "See this <same small item>?! This means I can go wherever I want... On any <location on earth>! No questions asked, no answers given! Do you understand <insulting adjective> man?!"The rancher kindly nodded, apologized, and went about his <Activity>. Moments later the rancher heard loud screams, he looked up and saw the  agent running for his life, being chased by the ranchers <adjective> <fierce/scary animal>...... With every step the animal was gaining ground on the officer, and it was likely that he'd sure enough get <past tense verb> before he reached safety. The officer was clearly <emotion>. The old rancher threw down his <noun>, ran as fast as he could to the <noun>, and yelled at the top of his <noun, part of body>......"YOUR <SAME SMALL ITEM>! SHOW HIM YOUR <Same Small Item!>"
IRL, DEA shoots the bull multiple times in the head.
Ha! you've obviously never had to run from one.
I don't get it
From what I've learned as a hunter, and this . be incorrect, herbivores have very thick skulls compared to carnivores so killing them with a headshot is difficult by comparison.
Then the rancher gets charged for attacking a federal agent with an assault-bull.
That wouldn't do much.  First, he'd have to not be shitting himself long enough to aim at it's head.  Second, he'd have to be extremely lucky to get a pistol round to not just glance off the bull's skull.
yeh, arent you mean to shoot in the body for things like bears as well?
TIL bulls are pretty much bulletproof
Just in the skull from the forward angle. It'll redirect much of the bullet's energy rather than absorb it. 
BRB going to create a company that makes body armor out of bull skull
Our local butcher puts down cattle with a .22 rifle. Bulls aren't bulletproof.
you've never shot a bull in the head, your opinion is worthless
I've seen it happen with a black bear and a rifle round. .The angle is similar and the thickness of the skull is greater, so it really isn't much of a stretch. .Regardless, you'd still have to be able to hit it. 
Shit, I was told by an Army medic that if a person got shot by a 9mm in the body they'd probably be able to carry on walking. And that's not even taking into account the inertia of the bull so that even if the bullet did kill it, that body is still coming at him. 
Fuck yea, man. Animals, people included, can take a shitload more damage and keep operating than most realize. 
That would require stopping to aim, which means getting gored by the bull's horns.
not if you're a DEA agent
You mean, CT. Jack Bauer

I beg to differ.
But those guys are French
Well what about the actually shooting the bull part.

[deleted]
No, not really. It's good, but it's not quite at the . level yet.
Completely relevant gif win. 
It's actually a .jpg [/pedant]
You can rename a gif file to .jpeg and it will still be a gif.
It's actually not, though. [superPedant]
Super Pedant sounds like one of those Cyanide & Happiness superheroes.
OMG DAE Dark magic??? lolz
I sort of like the O'Malley twins version better.
Ah you're right. Would've added a little extra flavor
Just a pinch of spicy stereotype!
an oldie but always a goodie
100% worth it for the French hate humour.
Saudi isnt a dry country any more.
Just by reading the title, I had Russell Petter's voice in my mind saying "Somebody's gonna get hurt real bad."
This joke must be really old because I heard it in urdu in Pakistan with different nationalities of the culprits, Pakistani, Indian, and Pakhtoon (Afghan).
Great joke =)
I heard the same joke but with taliban canadians and americans 
Why not armor plating?  ok, ok.... I'll shut up now.
For some reason, I read the Englishman as Nigel Thornberry's voice, in my head.. 
This could be shortened because in sharia law (EG local law in Saudi) public drunkenness is 80 lashes in a public place but this is the mildest punishment.
Ref 
Eek. 
DAE's eyes seem to scroll ahead to the punchline on jokes this long, even if you try not to?
Just to balance all the people saying "too long", I thought that was a beautifully written joke..My husband isn't a fan of long jokes, but I had to read it out to him :)
Why wouldn't the englishman tie the german to his back? Germans killed his ancestors, but frenchmen . to help the english.
a good joke, but way more setup than you needed
Very good joke. What would be an interesting twist at the end could be for the Englishman to ask the Sheik to recieve his 100 lashings not from a whip , but from his wife's or daughter's tongue. Mostly because he gave the Englishman the chance to do so with a second wish.
That's horrible.
It's told with the frenchman getting two wishes. England a most beautiful part of the world ? seriously ?
France on the other hand...
BRAVO!
The shiekh envies their rainfall
I don't always, but I didn't clock which joke it was at first so glanced down to see if it was another variation on the 'people must collect stuff, then they find out they go free if they can stay quiet while it gets stuffed up their arse' joke that seems to get posted quite a bit.
It's funnier in the original Pashto.
By the way, two down, you got served 
Too long, it made it predictable, but I kept reading hoping the ending would surprise me. NEXT!
according to . screw drivers were started in Saudi
Why did the Englishman get two wishes when the others got one?
Because French and finest culture are basically interchangeable 
You are clearly not English.

Verbose..
Same joke:.
An Englishman, a German and a Frenchman are in Saudi Arabia sharing a smuggled crate of booze when Saudi police rush in and arrest them. The mere possession of alcohol is a severe offence in Saudi Arabia, so they are all sentenced to 20 lashes each of the whip.  .As they were preparing for their punishment, the Sheikh announced: "It's my wife's birthday, and she has asked me to allow each of you one wish before your whipping.  .The German was first. He thought for a while and then said, "Please tie a pillow to my back." This was done, but the pillow only lasted 10 lashes before the whip went through. When the punishment was done the German had to be carried away bleeding and crying with pain.  .The Frenchman was next. After watching the German in horror he said smugly, "Please affix two pillows to my back." The two pillows withstood 15 lashes before the whip went through and the Frenchman was soon led away whimpering loudly.  .The Englishman was last, but before he could say anything, the Sheikh turned to him and said, "You are from a most beautiful part of the world and your culture is one of the finest. For this, you may have two wishes!"  ."Thank you, your Most Royal and Merciful highness," the Englishman replied. "In recognition of your kindness, my first wish is that you give me not 20, but 100 lashes."  ."Not only are you an honorable, handsome and powerful man, you are also very brave," the Sheikh said with an admiring look on his face. "If 100 lashes is what you desire, then so be it. And your second wish, what is it to be?" the Sheikh asked.  .The Englishman smiled and said, "Tie the Frenchman to my back."
Why do people try to shorten jokes like this? Fair enough, a long joke relies on being told well (whether written or spoken) but for me, part of the fun of a longer joke is weaving the story and painting a descriptive picture in the minds of your readers or listeners..
That and the slow build up, leading to the eventual payoff of a belly-laugh or groan inducing punchline makes it even funnier!
Weaving a story is important, but it's important to weave it with relevant information.
'An Englishman was going to be whipped for a crime but was given two wishes, so he asked for extra lashes and for the Frenchman who was also implicated in the crime to be strapped to his back.' :-p.Anyway... It . take a skilled storyteller (which I don't think I particularly qualify as, as much as I enjoy telling jokes) but when done well, I'd say that information like the Sheikh changing the punishment isn't extraneous to the story as it just serves to further fill in the fictional world in which the joke is taking place..Of course it is completely subjective, so I'm not saying you're wrong.. I'm just disagreeing with you :-)
Are you my child?
Omigosh...  .Dad?
Where have you been? I thought mom killed you?
I can dodge wire hangers all day long.
Yeah, I do think this flows better. It is still a long joke, but it cuts out the fluff. If the day ever comes when I recant this joke, I'll probably use this version.
idgi you copy/pasted the op?
He cut out some of the superfluous information to make it shorter.
he took down all the 'sentenced to death but escaped with only lashes' story and made it marginally shorter. 
Very very marginally shorter. Barely makes a difference..Also wasted my time expecting a twist.
...is a shithole.
Reminded me of the:.3 men on island.Genie comes.first man wishes to get off.second man wishes to get off.third man wishes he wasn't so lonely and that the other two would come back
I heard similar, but with 2 employees and a boss where boss asks genie to get those two idiots back in office by lunch. The take away was to let the boss speak first. In the above case, it should be let the idiot take the first chance(In both the cases actually)!
Brief. Compact. Funny. .I like it. 
Alternate ending, Englishman gets whipped on his front instead.
If I was the frenchman, I would grab the english guys balls, and squeeze for every hit.
Nice. This would make a great post 2 days later ;)
Couldn't have that just wished for no whipping?
I'd choose to switch the whip with a pillow.
Or tie the Sheikh to his back
Pillows fucking hurt.
Not on your back (I hope)..PS: I always lose in a pillow fight cause of my dust allergies.
 
He should have wished for more wishes.  I don't think Sheiks follow genie rules.
Wierd. The local radio station here does a "Worst Joke You'll Hear Today" segment every morning. And it seems like whatever joke they tell on the station, gets posted to . that day or shortly after.   .I'd be interested in why these jokes get told around the same time. Other than the obvious idea that either the radio station goes on Reddit for jokes, or they post these jokes to Reddit.
Knowing reddit, somebody else probably just heard the joke like you did and decided to copy it here.
but then there'd be no joke :<
Realistically, I wouldn't have expected the wish to work anyway.
But the Frenchman only lasted for 65 lashes, and the Englishman had to be carried back on a gurney.
I don't really get it, could you give some clarification?
I feel like this should be the last line of the joke, it made me laugh much more than the punchline.
No no no, you tell the original punchline, wait for everyone to stop laughing, .you tell that part.
TIL English people don't like French people. 
Only some.  The ones who hate who they're told to hate.
Nah, we're friends, we even built an underground train between our two countries so we can see each other more often
Wasn't that always obvious? 
[deleted]
millenia
That's why "TIL" stands for "Today . learned", not "Today . learned".
This. Also, I'm American and I guess I generally think more about who hates me than who hates each other in different parts of the world. .Except North Korea. . hates North Korea.
Hell yeah they do.
Tell that to Cuba.
Everyone hates us bro. At least who is in charge of us.
You've been banned from ...The Great and Powerful Leader is despised around the world for his bravery and excellence by the jealous and misguided nations.  But even the hardened hearts of the west cannot deny the resilient spirit of the people the Great Democratic Republic of Korea.
You have been banned from ..

If I were less respectful of the Great Democratic Republic, I might put it this way, "It's ok to hate the government, while having sympathy for the people.".But that would get me also banned from ., because no one should disrespect the Great Leader.
Nowadays it's more like friendly rivalry, much in the way that brothers often give each other a hard time.
So it's a vicious cycle of noogies, pantsing and sacktaps?
More like sticking two fingers up at them and buying up all their cheap alcohol at Carrefour in Calais.
God, I hope a . isn't what it sounds like it is. 
It's precisely what it sounds like. 
And they hurt..A lot.
I don't even. Why would someone do that? 
Because they're hilarious as long as it's not you. 
That'd be like a death sentence where I'm from. Just the thought is absurd. If another man even pretended to touch my dick, that's cause for getting punched in the face. I'd never forgive that. Man, redditors are into some weird shit. 
Your ending clause is really suggestive.
Very funny, but I would hardly call England beautiful compared to other places in the world 
You literally are on the joke section of reddit. If anything he says is serious he fucked up.
The cities, yeh not great. Countryside and national parks, you better believe that shit is beautiful
Non sunny, light rain is my favourite kind of weather.
England has beautiful bits and ugly bits, just like everywhere.
Nonsense man. Parts of England (and the UK as a whole) are fabulously beautiful.
*fantastically
A lot of parts
Maybe people who live in the desert are jealous of the rain.
I think the Sheikh was hitting on him. Notice how he said handsome.
Men walk around holding hands, They kiss when they greet each other, and all of that is ok here in Saudi
I think the sheikh want the Englishman to strap him to his back. Then the wife wanted to go on too for her birthday. Would have been more sexy/funny.
Well, if this were some sort of deeply thought out Lawrence of Arabia reference, it'd be an Ottoman Pasha, not an Arabian Sheikh.
Is no reference. Only joke. Such is life on Reddit.
Let's not go there.
Quite a bit of reading in between the lines for a joke that ends in a French guy getting strapped to an English guy and whipped 
I didn't see the purpose to the German guy in the joke either.
Yea, I could probably think of something better to strap to his back. Why mention the Sheikh's wife too if she wasn't going to get involved. I feel like there is great joke premise here but it's missing it somehow.
The wife was involved. She requested that he be extra nice to them.
Rule of three.
Quite
Indeed.
What's this rule of three thing?
A bit lengthy, but easily worth the read. Bravo!
Lengthy for what? It's less that one computer screen. 
Agreed! Funny, but the beginning could be "busted with alcohol, an offense that gets you whipped" instead of smuggling, possession, consuming, which is death but lawyers, and holiday, and wife.
It adds to the joke I think. Anything you have to wait for has greater returns.

Could have totally omitted the German guy though.
Anything you have to wait for is expected to have a greater outcome. No one likes a let down after a long joke. 
better nate than lever
Yeah but he made fun of the French so it's all good!
Oh I don't know, I love me a groan-inducing ..
Yea but this was no letdown.
yeah, it can be a bit frustrating getting to the end of a long joke, especially if it rattles on for a long time. But on the same token, it's better for it to end when it does as opposed to ranting on for a few more paragraphs.
Cognitive dissonance. A longer joke will be funnier, even if it has the same punchline. Don't make all your jokes long though, because the increase in funniness is not always worth the waste of time.
I don't think that's an example of cognitive dissonance. Just wanted to point that out..I like your stance on the joke length though.
I'm pretty sure it is. Cognitive dissonance is when your attitudes and behavior don't match up, causing anxiety, which leads to you either changing your attitude or behavior (usually the former). In this situation:.Behavior= read a long-ass joke.Attitude=  the punchline wasn't that good.new attitude= the punchline must have been good since I spent all this time reading it.The above happens somewhat unconsciously, so you walk away thinking the punchline was pretty good, just because you spent a lot of time reading it.
I think its mainly because humor comes from the unexpected. When you read a long joke you expect something dramatic or important to happen so you're prepared for it but when the punchline is just a pun or something similar its hilarious because its the last thing you were expecting. (Eg the longest joke in the world)
Better Nate than Lever.
Thanks for making me google (and read) that.
Are you sure you read the long version? There are a few versions lying around.
I read the one from longestjokeintheworld.com, where apparently div width comes at a premium.
I'm never getting that time of my life back, am I?
I love that joke. My record is an hour and a half.
Fuck you, clown.
God I loved Nate the Snake. 
Oh, i get it. Because he's a black. 
Thought the joke was black guy trying to have proof that he works for a living. 
Blacks always steal.
A black colleage...An oxymoron?
Last night my black colleague walked away with the 'Employee of the year' award..Unfortunately security stopped him at the door..This is now a sad story of racial profiling.
Last night my black colleague walked away with the 'Employee of the year' award..Luckily, security had the courage to stop him at the door..You can add the words "The courage to" to anything to make it sound positive.
And yet "so brave" does the opposite.
Racist
Pu-239 has a half-life of 24,100 years. This is often used to measure radioactive or exponential decay. This is referring to the mid-life crisis, the period when most adults realize that their life may be halfway through, leading to emotional and behavioral changes. 
There was a similar joke in an episode of Mad Men
There WERE similar jokes posted on reddit a lot of times before.
That's pretty good. But what about the secret to uncrossing my crosseyed cows?!?
Scrod (also schrod) was originally any young (2.5 lb or 1.1 kg or less) cod, haddock, or other whitefish, split and boned. .The best-known features of the Boston accent are non-rhoticity and broad A. It is most prominent in often traditionally Irish or Italian Boston neighborhoods and surrounding cities and towns.The pluperfect subjunctive is used like the past subjunctive, except that it expresses a past-tense sense. So, for example:.-If I had known (yesterday), I would have done something about it..-If I had seen you, I definitely would have said hello..-I would not be here if he had not helped me..When used in the construction of a counterfactual statement as in the examples above, it is paired with the conditional perfect viz. "If I had [not] X, then I would [not] have Y". The (arguably) canonical example of the counterfactual actually eschews the pluperfect subjunctive ; If I Knew You Were Comin' I'd've Baked a Cake.'' .The driver's Boston accent makes him misinterpret what the man is saying. He thinks that the man is saying "screwed," not the name for the popular dish, Scrod. .From 
Wouldn't "screwed" just be the present passive?
One of the first times I think you have actually been necessary.
A-paw-ling
Meow 
No punch lion?
That pun was a cat-tastrophe.
Not meow I'm busy. 
It's unfurgivable.
I'll give anyone a full two dollars if they punch a lion. Scouts honor. 
I like cats
She could play it on a friends DVD player. But generally DVD players are cheap enough to just replace, and are difficult to repair anyway even for people that aren't stereotypically stupid.
Mr. Buzzkillington, we've been looking everywhere for you!
Don't be that guy 
Wow, that's dirty
A UDP gets lost on the way to the bar. No one notices.  .I don't care if you get that joke or not
The Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) is one of the core protocols of the Internet protocol suite (IP), and is so common that the entire suite is often called TCP/IP. TCP provides reliable, ordered, error-checked delivery of a stream of octets between programs running on computers connected to a local area network, intranet or the public Internet. It resides at the transport layer.
[deleted]
Heeyyy, Skyler's awesome. None of that here.
How many Mexicans does it take to build a... Holy shit! They're finished!
And Holy shit! 
What a piece a crap too!
Ha clever, how many cops does it take to change a light bulb? 2, one to arrest the room for being black and the other to beat the bulb for being broke 
Lol
haha nice.because one of them is in the closet 
Whaaat? You mean one cannibal's wife is cheating on him with the other cannibal?
1.a : assured reliance on the character, ability, strength, or truth of someone or something.b : one in which confidence is placed.2.a : dependence on something future or contingent : hope.b : reliance on future payment for property (as merchandise) delivered : credit <bought furniture on trust>.3.a : a property interest held by one person for the benefit of another.b : a combination of firms or corporations formed by a legal agreement; especially : one that reduces or threatens to reduce competition.4.archaic : trustworthiness.5.a (1) : a charge or duty imposed in faith or confidence or as a condition of some relationship.(2) : something committed or entrusted to one to be used or cared for in the interest of another.b : responsible charge or office.c : care, custody <the child committed to her trust>.From: 
I thought you were supposed to EXPLAIN what the joke meant, not completely debunk it.
Using the context, the most likely definition is 5a. The cannibals must trust each other because they might bit it off. 
A man cannot be "blonde" only a woman can be a blonde, a man is considered blond.
I heard a redneck version of this joke before. Never gets old.
In modern American/Canadian English, however, a woman can also be blond.
This joke works much better if he walks into a lesbian bar. 
Lesbian bikers, is usually how I've heard it.
Figures, I heard it from a pastor.
who the fuck is offended by boobies ever??????
I heard this joke as, "What kind of bee's does everybody like? BOOO BEEEES".
Cancer. 
My friend's six year old sister told this joke at a church Christmas party. Her mom yelled out in shock when she realized what her daughter had just said.
I don't get it.
Like I didn't initially!.Potato famine = dead irish people,
therefore you can kill an irishman with no potatoes.
My family, not irish, got it immediately.
If we aren't drinking, we are fighting. If doing neither, we are writing literature, poems and songs, though usually after doing the first two...
As much as I'm not a fan of stereotypes, that does describe all the (two) Irish I know.
There you are then, it must be true. That's a more scientific sample than most of the stuff on reddit!
Oh that makes sense.
Applies to Latvian as well, for they will never even get the potato.
Surely the Latvian historical experience is of the Russians stealing all of the potatoes to turn into vodka?
"One Latvian potato says to another-- this is bad premise, nobody in Latvia have two potato!"
And good old 'Murica sticks a couple of potato fingers up at everyone - you only need ONE potato

Can't blame you, I have a hard time understanding jokes when I'm drunk too.
Don't know how people can downvote this joke..HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS of Irish people died for this joke, you heartless bastards!
And many of those who starved worked on Irish farms full of food that was destined to be eaten on an island other than Ireland.
Because this joke is just about as old as the potato famine itself.
This is the equivalent of explaining the joke and beating the person telling it to you. Thanks!
I believe it was first uttered, in a moment of devilish frivolity, by the British Prime Minister, Sir Robert Peel, at a gala dinner in his honour. So I guess you could be right.
It's pretty easy when this is the 20th time I've seen it here.
It sounds like you spend too much time on this subreddit. Maybe it's time to take a break from jokes for a little while and come back fresh.
this is literally a repost of a joke that is still on the front page
And then the fat kid busts through the door.
I'll take twelve
Snot up the nose to make that remark sound even more obnoxious. 
Change wife to daughter and it becomes even more creepy
Add "stillborn" to "daughter" and it becomes even more creepy.
Well it'd be even creepier if the stillborn . naked...
I fear this is going to lead to a life size doll joke...
I've heard it as, "Why the big pause?" The bear replies, "I dunno, I've always had them."
This joke is best for in person so you can use your hands for illustration.
Ba Dum Tss
I'm finding it inpawsible to bear such a pun. 
Just bear with it.
Even as a grizzled veteran, I am having trouble coming up with a pun! 
I personally think this joke is fur-tle ground for a good pun thread. 
Lightning, if you're Dio
If gravity always brings you down, and Rick Astley will never "give you up", does that mean Rick Astley is gravity?
Astley's next line is "Never gonna let you down".Rick Astley is anti-gravity
, sort of
a pun isn't an antijoke
As I waited after the click, I said to myself, "self...if the answer is gravity, I am going to unsubcribe.".Gah...can't do it. 
The other one I heard was:
Ol
I'm missing something here
Its referring to the index of the book but I'm pretty sure girl number2 thought number 1 meant the index finger and it was tired from all the shlicking. Idk
Yea you got it... It was a lot funnier in my head
ah thanks.
female masturbation with the index finger
why is the little boy black? Why you gotta make it like that?
Little Johnny, known for being mischievous, is counting the number of times he has trapped? someone. At first he was chanting "97" meaning that he had trapped? 97 people. Out of curiosity, the boy joins him and falls into the manhole. Then Little Johnny starts chanting "98" meaning that he trapped 98 people. 
Can you actually explain this... further? I don't get it..Is little johnny supposed to have pulled the manhole cover out from under the other boy mid-jump? Those things are heavy!
Hilarious
CAINT SIMMER THE ZIMMER
Can't Flim Flam the Zim Zam
50 shades of brown. And the whole breathing thing.
Laughed so much I fell off the couch
ROFL, literally!
I've heard it before but it was with a bagpiper.
This is a good one. Didn't see that coming.
Uhmm ..Sorry, I hate to ask ,but can someone please explain? thanks.EDIT: thanks OP..:)
please reread it
Well he was hired to play at a funeral, got lost, finally stumbled upon what he thought was the gravesite with the gravediggers finishing up so he played his set to everyone's delight then found out the hole he was singing into did not contain the deceased but was actually a hole dug for a septic system, and the gravediggers were actually septic system installers. Just to be clear: the actual gravesite was somewhere else and never located. 
Apparently you also fainted..
Must be one of them guitarists with no sense of smell, enjoyed it nonetheless
well if it's a brand new septic tank it wouldn't smell.
I thought the title was the joke.
haaaaaaaa
That joke De-little to amuse me.
Good one, you get an upvote.
Knock Knock. Who's there? I'm a pileup....
The response would be "Smell mop who?" which sounds like "Smell my poo" 
what a shitty knock knock joke
Yeah, this joke stinks.
Har har har
I love potty humour and I don't get it. 
Smell mop who = Smell mah poo.
I get it, potty humor.
I think you mean "I eat mop"
Knock knock..Who's there?.Europe..Europe who?.No, you're a poo!
 haha. At least that's a joke my dad would use. He still laughs when anyone says "duty". (he was also in the military for 24 years...)
Scottish version: Ben Doon and Phil McHaverty
I put this joke up 6 months ago. It bombed. About -12. I like the version you did best of the variants. 
Here, have one of my upvotes.
I don't it get.
Michael fits Patrick, Patrick fits Michael. In the butt.
Aha. That's not as amusing as I'd hoped.
Friends of Phil McCracken, no doubt. 
It took me 48 hours to get this joke, and that's only because of Francis posting the Scottish version.
I always heard it with Gerald Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzgerald.
It also works with Henry Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzhenry

I was expecting something funny. My bad.
Look in a mirror.
Not sure what I expected
I like this because being that the subject matter is a current event, you probably actually made it yourself!
radeon~radar?
lol
Your username are you who I think you are?
no
Don't dell anyone. It's a secret.
So you're not not an NSA operative?
nope, were not spyin on anyone ok?
Right. Right. And I'm . a big shield.
you are now on the nsa watch list
Like I wasn't already? Well, myself and everyone else included.
ugh listen man. we dont even have the time for this shit.. can you just spy on yourself for a while
But that's impossible. I don't know where I am, not what I'm doing, as of now.

Indeed I did! One of those random thoughts.
A bit true.  Watch deal or no deal
Why on earth would I want a wife that likes beer?
[deleted]
i thought it was going to be a play on saks 5th avenue
 
Because ENGINEERS and DOCTORZ
The reverse role is the kicker
Nice touch on the PS at the end. 
Hmm the PS might be a little better if they added only 1 more positive characteristic instead of 2, like:.The first floor has wives that are beautiful..The second floor has wives that are unbelievably beautiful and love sex..The third, fourth, fifth and sixth floors have never been visited.
Nah, I like it how it is because it pokes fun at men stereo-typically being overly simplistic, while your version more implies men are satisfied with what they have.
So the parrot has fully mastered the English language? Also I'm sure they would both be dead or incoherent by the fourth day.  And why does the Captain's parrot have free reign of an entire cruise ship?  Was it just sitting on a balcony shitting all over everyone?
parrots are homosexuals
Illusions, smashsmish. Tricks are what a whore does for money. 
I like it, but the only type of captain I can imagine having a parrot is a salty pirate captain, and that gives me a weird mental picture.
I fucking laughed out loud, honestly the first time in this sub. Saved
The magician proceeded to eat the parrot.
Was the magicians name Gob?
COCK!
It's an illusion, a trick is something a whore does for money
I don't think you even need the parrot. You could make this joke with a repeat audience member without having to distract from the joke by people wondering about the sentient parrot.
Ou
I dunno why that made me laugh
dont get it :((
Why a parrot?  Why not a small child or something?  Parrots only repeat, they don't make conclusions based on observations.
Das da jok
every time i see a joke on here, someone doesn't get it... but what is not to get with this joke? it's as plain and simple as can be.
Actually, they do. Parrots are pretty intelligent. 
So you can't figure out where the ship went either?././
Parrots aren't that smart.
You must be fun at parties
Buzz Killington, ladies and gentlemen!
The parrot thought the ship sinking was a disappearing act by the magician.
Seems like a promising disney movie.
This is as old as magic itself but I always get a good laugh.
So how did he do it? 
i thought there was going to be an AD reference 
I read this in Jokes Every Man Should Know. Original? Not so much. Funny? Very much so.
I get a weird joy imagining the magician and the parrot staring at each other awkwardly all day.
I read the parrots lines in Gilbert Gottfried's voice

Or 
Shouldn't the parrot just be able to repeat words, not speak like a human being? I know it's just a joke but I think that's pretty silly. 
My dad was told this joke by Michael Caine while waiting for a flight :)
Parrots, storks... He seems to like bird jokes. 
What did one muffin say to the other? .Nothing, muffins can't talk..Realistic enough for you? 
 
Ron White
I think you answered your own question.
Yeah... silly was just a polite way of saying stupid.
Don't be silly!
It's funny, because after being able to talk and understand a magicians illusions, he's still a parrot that naturally doesn't understand the concept of a sunk ship.
The original story of the Titanic.
I think I heard this before, but instead of it sinking, the magician pulled out a gun and shot at the parrot. He missed and hit a large propane tank, and the ship was blown to pieces, save the man and the parrot. Same ending, just slightly different setup
Ron White
It's not fucking Ron White. Yes he used it in the Blue Collar Comedy Tour, but I heard this joke way before that..John Fox - .If you don't know about John Fox (RIP), this is basically his .Great joke!
Holy URL, Batman!.FYI, the only thing you need in a YouTube URL is the "youtube.com/watch?v=(insert video here)".The rest is useless information, at least as far as finding a video goes.
Thanks! I was a little worried about that! .I am on Alien Blue and it looks like beautiful blue text to me. Sorry about that..Edit: I see what you are saying. Fixed now. Not sure why YouTube gave me such a long one.
The rest is actually just completely redundant information, it says the same thing over and over
How can . get YouTube to give me a long one?
Be on a mobile device.
Gob Bluth
, Michael!
A trick is something a whore does for money
Or candy
Definitely read that in his voice.
I would pay good money to watch a magician get frustrated because a parrot is ruining his tricks.
While I was never a parrot, as a kid of 11, I was at a magic show for kids younger than I. It was in a fancy hotel ballroom with mirrored walls. As the magician was doing tricks I could see everything that he was trying to hide so I just laughed and called out how each trick was done. He was so pissed.
Sounds like a show by The Amazing Jonathan.
Vegas resident here. Can confirm this is Jonathan's routine. 
Seconded, it is a foam parrot.
Original. I like it. Have an upboat.
Not original but still great. 
Too bad I've heard it thrice.. Downboat.
I like the cut of your jib. 
Get on the original pun thread, or we're making you walk the plank.
It's an upship.
I've heard it before so it's not original, but definitely worth an upboat.
Wow, lots of hatred for an honest comment.
Well, that's Reddit. I kind of figured I'd get downvoted but didn't really care.
It's not original. It's from Ron White's sketch on Blue Comedy Tour. 
I think it was when they were all telling some of their favorite jokes. He almost certainly didn't make it up either. .But thank you for reminding me where I had heard this one before!
Thanks for the reference...My boyfriends father shared the joke with me but never said where he heard it. 
I need to let it sink in before that...
I'm sure he wanted something to drown his sorrows after that.
I feel obligated to tell you that I'm going through a "Ramblin' Wreck" phase, and I can't stop listening to it.
That's a fantastic phase to be going through. I can vouch that there are several fantastic versions floating around.
all these puns have really taken this thread adrift
Nah, I'd say it's still ship-shape.
You either like these puns oar you don't. 
No one needs to be such a beach about it
Don't tell me what I clam and clam not do!
You have a dry sense of humor.
He shoal does.
*shore.
Living up to your name I see. I look forward to you being around my threads.
Good-reef guys.
Oh, stop making waves.
Hahaha, I sea what you did there.

I knew a bee that graduated top of its class at oxford.
What if he was stuck on a donkey?
you helped your uncle Jack off an ass?
Yep. While eating stroganoff and listening to Tchaikovsky.
This is actually a good joke. Damn.
Oh, that crazy Jane. Did she think I was going to order the tuna?
Epic joke!
Good one! And an upvote for not mentioning roast beef or fish in the punchline. 
Jane has herpes :/
Usually it is the tattoo on the back of their neck that tells me their vegan. 
Yea, they don't eat meat, but they still like it stamped.
Repost 
That's a good one, chief. 
Regardless of how funny it was I think the premise was great. 
ha, haven't heard this one before! (a rarity on this sub) but the HOV part-- a twist I didn't expect until I saw the three letters-- is a little too quick of a giveaway though...id tell it more like....(brunette gets in the fast lane, but gets a ticket for driving TOO fast; redhead gets in the slow lane, but gets a ticket for driving TOO slow...) blonde gets in the HOV lane, but as the cop is writing her ticket for driving solo, she says "wait officer! my husband is in the trunk!".otherwise, all the extra sentences (about the blonde reading the ticket; besides, a blonde .) makes the punchline drag out...
Fairly good joke, But I would definitely recommend rewording it. For example, You shouldn't mention why each character was pulled over until you hear what each girl has to say about it, this way it makes sense for the punchline to match up with the first mention of a HOV lane. Instead, simply say each character was pulled over, and given a ticket. Then, the audience finds out why when each character says something like "Oh, sorry, I didn't realise I was speeding/going to slow." This will definitely make the punchline less obvious, because we won't know what the ticket is for until shes defending herself, something like "Oh, but officer, I'm not driving alone in the HOV lane, my husband is in the truck." Makes sense right?
Non American here, can somebody explain the HOV part please?
HOV. High Occupancy Vehicle. They are less congested extra lanes that only vehicles with 2 or sometimes 3  people are allowed to drive in. They encourage carpooling thereby cutting down on traffic congestion.
Thank you.
Carpool lane, essentially
Thank You
You can see HOV lanes in the larger cities where the finger is the horn and a wreck happens in front of you. 
Predictable but original (to me anyway).
it was pretty easy to guess the punchline.
Still decently funny, at least if it was slightly better-written.
yea a better re-write explaining why they had to kill their husbands would be nice.
Once.  Johnny Dangerously
This could be stepped up [down] a notch or two. ."I raped a retarded girl in an elevator once." 
I brought a case of whisky on an elevator. It really lifted my spirits. 
-Bo Burnham. 
I never fucked a 10, but I fucked 5 twos...
Expected something like, "Going down?" "Yeah, the cables broke."
Screwing a fat woman is like riding a moped. It's fun until your friends see you.


Bo does not approve..
I stole jokes from Bo Burnham once. It was wrong on principle.
Somebody call the police for this theft. I didn't realise this sub was for original material only
Any actual original material in this sub is always cursed with a title like, "I just made this up and thought it was funny."  
I once made love to Bo Burnham on top of a high school administrator.  It was wrong on principal. 
I once loving Bo Burnham in a seedy back alleyway. It was wrong in the present participle.
I once fucked Bo Burnham in Monaco, it was wrong in principality.  
I arrived just when he was turning into a satyr. It was somewhat bestiality.
One of my ancestors had an orgy with the followers of Jesus, it was wrong with disciples.  
Not completely following this, but I once dipped my dick in vinegar, is that wrong in condiments?.I feel I am missing a reference here.
I was part of this and I don't get the reference either. .As to sticking your dick in vinegar, couldn't you wait until your girlfriend was finished douching?  
I once fucked Bo Burnham back in college. It was wrong with a Princeton pal.
Bo Burnham
You know I have black people in my family tree, right?
Funny
Man who sits on cauldron, is high on pot.
Crowded elevator smell different to midget
Exorcism is a process where spiritual beings are removed from a place. "Exorcise it" or "Exercise it" is playing on the fact that the ghost is fat. 
I fucking hate that this is possible. I also hate child support. And woman talk about equality. Bitch stfu you have it so fucking easy!
Oh look, another stupid misogynistic joke on reddit.
Lel marriage = easy way to lose money. .But I'll be honest, I chuckled. 
Lighten up. It's a joke....
What can make you a millionaire? 
Marry a billionaire. .. . .. .. . . 
It's a stupid misogynistic joke that isn't funny. 
when your offspring becomes rich
Funny and true
i thought it was gonna be when youre a pimp
oh my god
Thought this was going to be another prostitution joke 
How can you make a million dollars with soup? .Start with a bouillon!
When they leave you alone....
I already knew the punchline from a Warren Buffet joke..How would I become a millionaire? Become a billionaire, then buy an airline.
Didn't see that one coming. Funny though.
How about a, trillionaire?
If you're a damn good pimp
laughed so hard at this!
How could reddit not like this... Never stick your dick in crazy amirite guyz?
What do you do if you are a farmer and win a million dollars in the lottery?.Just keep farming until it's all gone.
I like it more like:.Q: How can a woman make you a millionaire?   (or how can you become a millionaire racing/gambling/etc).A: Start with two million.
Why would you need a woman to make you a millionaire if you already were?
[deleted]
How can either party gain anything in a divorce? you're splitting ownership of your shared assets between two people..Unless you mean after the divorce men lose a huge cash sinkhole, because that's a bit more plausible..Either way I'm gonna need a link on this one
Implying that men go into the marriage with more, women with less..6/8 + 2/8 = 8/8 split that and get two 4/8ths. The person with 6/8ths now only has 4/8ths, the person with 2/8ths, gained twice as much as they had going into it.
Yay, math. 
source on that? not trying to deny you but I have never heard that before 
That's total bullshit.
Well, what can we expect from someone named "girlypower?"
Then you would be a billionaire 
In all seriousness :) My friends wife is an amazing investor/saver. .He met her when he was 42 yrs old and retiring from a 24 yr career in the Army. His retirement check was going be sizeable (he was a LTC) .He landed a nice government position overseas which paid his housing costs. The wife made him a deal they only spend his retirement money on living expenses and his regular government paycheck goes into investments. Over the course of the next 20 years she turned him into a millionaire. .He's now fully retired, they bought a modest home he runs a small business repairing computers. He now lives the good life because of her budgeting they are debt free, with a million dollars in the bank..He receives several paychecks
That lucky bastard. Where can I get one of those?
Korea she budgeted for him.But he did have the income, when your investing something like $50k a year that shit adds up real quick. 50kx20=1 million not counting interest. .A GS12 makes 60k a year..Also his retirement pay prob is like $4,000~ or more
He only made GS 12 as retired career military? I'm 28 and am a GS 11. Something's wrong here...
he didnt start gs12 but he got it quickly. when he retured army i was 3 yrs old
I'm saying he should have started higher than a 12. Someone with what probably amounts to management experience should start at a 13..Also, I forgot that I made GS 12 a couple months ago.
Richard Branson answered similarly to "what's the fastest way to become a millionaire" before.  His answer?  "Be a billionaire and then start an airline".
[deleted]
Saying shit like this is dangerous on Reddit bro. Enjoy your worthless karma downgrade.
I kind of understand his argument, albeit a very . one...
Thank you for sharing
Elon Musk has a similar statement: How do you make a small fortune in the aerospace industry? Start with a large fortune.
[deleted]
"If you close your mouth it just keeps the words from falling out like that."
I prefer the longer version with the billionaire and his wife getting interviewed.
Do tell please!
I would probably mess it up...
Try? 
A millionaire is asked how he became a millionaire and he answers, "I owe it all to my wife." The interviewer replies, "Wow! Your wife must be quite the lady! What were you before you met her?" "A billionaire."
Yes, this would be the place on reddit where you make jokes. 
[deleted]
Try . for less offensive humour. 
Did you even read the sidebar?
These past weeks? Apparently you haven't been reading longer than that.
[deleted]
I don't see your point. This subreddit is a place to make jokes. Some of them are going to be squeaky clean, some of them are bound to offend certain people, but at the end of the day, they're all .. In my opinion, some of the best jokes are the ones that aren't afraid to be a little edgy. Personally, I don't think women jokes are necessarily edgy or necessarily particularly funny, but you have to remember that they are jokes.
[deleted]
Now that's pretty flawed logic. It's alright for you to express your opinion that jokes on certain topics may not be appropriate, because it's probably true, but that means you should be the last person to say that black jokes are now perfectly acceptable. Racist jokes do just as much if not more to perpetuate racism as sexist jokes do to perpetuate sexism. Plus, women have historically had far more rights and better treatment than black people have.
[deleted]
So are men... What's your point?
Get to that shithole callled . and never come back.
Look. You've gotta chill lady, this is .. It's a joke. In a place for jokes. Like, this sub is specifically for people who want jokes, and not for those who are easily offended by something intended for purely humor in a humor forum..Secondly, your argument is silly. One, you can't say there is some set amount of time for a topic to become acceptable to joke about. Some people will joke too early, some people will be offended about a joke until the end of time. You wanna go tell a holocaust joke to a Jewish person who survived the holocaust and assure them it's ok because it's been 70 years? I agree with you that some things should not be joked about in some environments. Jokes are appropriate in the correct place, not simply time dependent, and . is the place for them..Additionally, you saying the civil rights movement ended is foolish as well. Why do you think Trayvon/Zimmerman was a big deal? Because it's still going on. Just like most social issues, like gay marriage, slavery, etc etc etc. Yes, women are being abused (also, completely irrelevant to the joke about marriage...? Why jump to rape?). So are men. Shit is going down over every social issue ever constantly and that's just a truth..So learn to deal with the fact that people will joke in . or unsubscribe, but you're fighting a losing battle in this thread (and fighting poorly).
Which side is mine? I'm not saying I approve of this, I'm just saying it's been going on forever.
What the fuck kind or response it that. It doesn't even make sense. You big dummy.
Nigger

Oh shut up and go make a sandwich.
I don't know what specifically qdawg321 was referring to, but I found an interview version. Not very long though:
It may be even better as ex-wife? Eh, maybe..
Yeah, that's the one. It is longer than OP's, still not long though.
Naw - works better as:.Interviewer to Millionaire: "Inquiring minds want to know: how did you become a millionaire?"
Millionaire: "Honestly, without my wife, I never would have gotten to where I am today!
Interviewer: "Wow, she must be some woman. What were you before you married her?"
Millionaire: "A Billionaire!"
Reminds me of a similar joke in my car/motorcycle circles. .How do you make a million dollars racing?.You start with a billion..
pretty sure it started with airline companies..
much the same is said, and in all seriousness much of the time, in the wine trade about starting/owning/running your very own boutique vineyard/winery. there is a reason it has a reputation of being a 'hobby' of the rich and famous.
Supposedly said by Richard Branson (of Virgin)
But a guy can dream, can't he?
Same in musician circles..How do become a millionaire playing jazz?.Start with a billion
How do you make a million dollars making board games?.Start with a billion!
How do you make a million dollars being a heroin addict?.Start with a billion!
I think this one wins
How do you make a million dollars online from home?.
Start with nothing! Google pays me $245 an hour!
And for what exactly? Would love to know the secret.
Google pays you $245 an hour to surf reddit..FTFY
Google should owe me loads now. 
By the way, what does one do when working for google. like what's your job description/title?
I was joking. Redditors do that. 
Wow, Reddit makes a lot more sense now!
Are you a stay-at-home mom in my area?
How do you make a million dollars filmmaking?.Ask ..
How do you make a small fortune in the aerospace industry? Start with a large fortune. -Elon Musk
How do you make a shitty comment?.Ask 
How do you make a shitty comment?
How do you make a comment shit?

When someone invents a sandwich called 'a millionaire.'
that's a great name for a sandwich
I would love to try an a millionaire.
it's like a BLT, but hundred dollar bills instead of lettuce
That sounds disgusting. 
That's a lot of lettuce. 
i want to make this comment famous
You earned everyone in this comment an upvote. Congrats.
[deleted]
Nope, Literally everyone who posts comments on this post gets an upvote, no matter how crappy your comment.
[deleted]
I just love upvoting.
I heard there would be upvotes.

That won't be necessary, sir. Please zip your pants back up.
Oh no, lets see what he has to say.
I had to reread the set up for that one.. Very nice
I would love a millionare sandwich.
" Bitch! Get out there and make me a millionaire! "
did you mean ethiopians?
That's the way he told the joke to me, maybe it was Ethiopians originally
what do scotsman wear under their kilts?.socks
What's the difference between Mick Jaggar and a Scotsman? Jagger says, "Hey you get off my cloud." and the Scotsman says, "Hey McCloud, get off my ewe!"
That's a little too clever Moustashe!
I've never been scolded for being too clever before. 
[deleted]
They got a lot of dates? 
Try saying that punchline out loud quickly.
each
Tried, and succeeded.  You drunkard.
Oops, I first read the title as: They got six months each. Then I realised wgat it actually said and tried to delete my own comment and we all know how well that went. I swear I'm not drunk, just tired.
How many times am I going to see a link to that subreddit in here??
At least once more.
Were their days numbered?
[deleted]
You should feel bad.
He does
this is underrated, r/puns may appreciate it more
2.Why is your grandmother wearing an armadillo suit....she just went bananas.3.whats the difference between a armadillo and a banana...your grandma never stuck a armadillo in her vagina
So Little Johnny is eating a banana and walks in on his Grandmother blowing an armadillo...
Go on....
So a blonde is lost in the jungle for many many years...
After containing herself for a while, she gives in to her natural needs...first she tries a banana to pleasure herself, but due to the bananas being too ripe at that time they just didn't cut it...frustrated, she looks up and prays she finds a toy to pleasure herself with some how...as if by devine chance,  at that particular an armadillo crosses her path... She looks up and says with a smirk 'close enough'.(points for trying?)
You almost had it except the missing grandmother.
Grandma-dillo....
Oops....forgot the grandmother...my bad...
Who says the blonde doesn't have grandchildren?
is that the one they keep plugging?
No,  you would have 3792, because you would never be happy with an odd number 
and sorted in date order....
if I had a dollar for every time I said that, id be making money in a very weird way

I believe that color is purple... but we will never know.  
There is so much wrong with this.
But in fact when he bet $100, the way he went about making the teacher show her pussy, was a bit - not definitive. I would say, this way of winning the bet had only a 50-50 chance if not even lesser.
Rofl
We should have a separate sub for Little Johnny.

excellent :D
I used to take jokes, but then I took an arrow to the knee
He's just a troll
Johnny has a gambling problem. He's not a day trader. 
Yet.
Little Johnny jokes are not about right or wrong.
He's going to be pissing all over bartenders when he grows up.
typical third graders.
Classic Johnny!
lol
nice novelty account
You can make one too, by prefixing, suffixing a '-', or '-'s.
Definitely haven't heard that one before...
I was expecting a joke about half and half, because of the whole red sea deal.
Oh that's good too, dang.
IS THAT SARCASM?.no seriously i couldn't tell, was it?

I give this my . of approval.
jokes like this Arctic-ing me off
Arctic-ing*
thank you
 
whoosh
either he doesn't get the joke or he doesn't get anti jokes in general
i dont get it -___-zzz
He is asking his child if he/she wants his cock. 
he didn't exactly ..
okay. so i did get it... meh
Not my cup of tea, but to each his own, 
Jack got married and did not know about sex. Paul said: "No problem, Jack. On your wedding night just take the hardest thing you have and put it where she pees." .So Jack threw his bowling ball in the toilet.

"Adieu" means farewell in French. It sounds like "Achoo," which is the sound you make when you sneeze. 
colombia
But what if I love cocaine?
Yea, cocaine is about as good as an orgasm.  That's why it's so damn addictive.
I had to snicker. :D Upvote! 
Oh my good lord.  I was rolling.
If you go a little too far, you're in deep shit.
Read that in Clint Eastwood's voice. 
so THATS what's coming out of the smoke stacks...
If I find my rice cooker missing, I will know why. 
You should be ashamed of yourself!
Two relatively dumb (and poor) people, for the sake of not being racist, pool together their money to buy a lottery ticket, subsequently winning it. Dividing the money between them, they hit the casinos. The first guy blows nearly all his money on roulette and slots. .He sits at the bar with a beer bought with the little money he had left and in general felt pretty sad for losing his money. His friend walks in with with a bucket full of quarters.."Dude, where'd 'ya get all that money from? Got lucky?"."You won't believe it, but there's a machine down over there and when you put in a dollar, out comes four quarters! It works every single time!"
Nice one! I feel like the Professor reinventing the Frisbee, except not as smart.
I'm pretty sure I read this somewhere before. As all the jokes I tell I reconstruct it from it's base elements (Read: retelling).

WtH is "gansta wrestling"?
Well, if it took off, you would have known.
Why didn't this joke take off? Because people quickly found out that it was... just not very good.
faux show?
for show
Hey hey hey....this is . not ..
Ahhhh, no ya don't! 
 would love this 

Violins don't have frets. Sorry.
That's the joke
He's having an affair with SJP?
Possible suggestion - the wife finds two names in his laundry, then the horse/whores called
PLOT TWIST: . is really a horse that races.
*half of a horse that races
"... the wife smacked the husband with a frying pan".Was this joke written in the '40s?
No, the wife is secretly Demoman.
Update: "... wife smacked the husband with a George Foreman grill".There. I brought it in to the 90's at least.
Update: "smacked the husband with her Ipad while her frying pan app was on".Modern day. Sadly.
Hey, Tangled really brought the frying pan back into fashion. 
That was the best running joke I've seen for a while
I heard this is Rodney Dangerfield's voice. 
I like the Ron White line, "I didn't know this. If you find a girl wearing a seashell bra, and you pick her up, and put her to your ear, .....you can hear her scream. I thought I'd hear the ocean, but not over that bitch."
Crabs?
If you looks between the fish, you might see some crabs!
If you put your ear to it you can hear her moan.
[deleted]
if you're lucky you might hear the waves .or you're just stuck with the rotten fishes
esp when your nose enters the cove
Clams
That is like:.a woman visits the doctor because of strange green spots on her thighs..The doctor says: " I can help you. Is you boyfriend a motorbike driver?"."How do you know?"."Tell him his earrings are not pure gold".
That is literally the joke told by OP.
[deleted]
Again, literally the joke told by OP. Try rereading the joke.
Again, your repeating his joke.Just in case you didn't see it at the top.
Ok my bad. I sometimes read too fast. I deserve to be down voted. I'll see myself out. Sorry OP
Bet you can see a starfish, too.
Wow this just made me realize Patrick is a pink starfish...
Will never look at him the same way again. 
Don't stab the star fish...
Ha. I expected the title to be the joke.
Is there a sub for one liners?  Or one where you know the rest of the joke from the title?

r/funny
True, he didn't say the content had to be funny...
I got stuck off he Blue Line in Compton and had to walk home to Gardena. Only the Mexican drunk buns fucked with me, and all the brothers didn't say shit. 
r...slash...JOKES
I'll give the same answer as last time this joke was posted."But now I'm addicted to brake fluid! Don't worry though, I can stop whenever I want"
Did you get this off The Last Of Us?
bleach. only once.
But then I got high.

I used to be addicted to soap. I still am, but I used to too.
Yes! I was hoping someone would catch this. 
no soap, radio.
Ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahaha
"I don't get it, what's so funny?"
The polar bear version is funnier.
I believe you mean hokey-pokey.
Huh, it's called the hokey-cokey here in the UK. o_O
I bet you turn yourself around on the left side too!
if true that makes more sense with the addiction bit, too
Now that's funny right there
What does that have to do with feminists having a point?
I'm wondering the same...
Why this is quite simply proof positive of the rape culture, wouldn't you say?  ;)
yep.
I accidentally read it as "I rear ended a cat"
That would be a whole other joke for maybe . 
Maybe not hell, probably jail though.
If it were a cat, it would not be happy cat either. It would be grumpy cat.
And then you fainted. 
The dwarf must have used hyper beam. 
[deleted]
Hello! Bleary-eyed is an adjective to describe someone who has dim/dull and watery eyes due to fatigue, emotion, or other possible things that could cause that reaction. .I just figured I would answer your question. Have an awesome day! 
I don't want to be "that guy"  but can someone please explain? Lol
The man and his wife thought that the old man needed their help to push his car, but actually the old man wanted someone to push him on the swings.
[deleted]
this was here a week ago
I see no disadvantage to it being posted twice. If someone missed it last week, here it is now. Nothing bad will come of it.
this is so stupid in the end, but I still enjoyed it. haha
...What?
My guess would be there are swings in parks. Either way bad pun
So then it is the same as blurry-eyed? I've never heard this before. I assume this was not written by an American?
The term blurry-eyed is most likely a synonym for bleary-eyed. The origin seems to be descended from a Middle English word, blear, which means dimness or cloudiness, thus blurry..It may just be that you are in a region where people say "blurry" instead of "bleary." That actually happens a lot with different words. It's quite interesting. 
So many down votes in this thread. Welcome to the danger zone!
Great joke
I thought the punch line was going to be the old guy trying to climb in to the Daughter's bedroom window
Wow, I already knew what bleary eyed meant, but I still want to say thank you. 
You are quite welcome! I'm glad to have helped someone. I'm unsure as to what the thank you is specifically for, but I'm happy to have the gratitude.
No he changed the last few lines totally different
I've been subscribed to this subreddit for a couple months and have seen this joke no less than five times.
[deleted]
What? Why?
Isn't the assumption that the old man is in car trouble and is stuck until he gets help from someone?
Why? The guy'a frustrated, I would be, too
Stop refreshing the page. 
Instructions not clear I got my mouse stuck in the liquid coolant vat.
This is the best joke I've seen in this thread so far. Of course, I've only been here for a week...
This actually really creeped me out. I thought I was on . for a second. Great beginning to a horror story. 
What is it then??
maybe copper, and the green spots are from where the copper oxide rubbed off onto her when he was going down on her?
Bingo.
Scrabble!
Yahtzee!
Monopoly
Poker
Jenga!
Is the doctor's name Sherlock Holmes?
Don't worry, I liked your comment.
I heard the joke with Justin Bieber instead of your buddy.
[deleted]
Maybe I'm missing something really obvious, but I don't understand the punchline. Could someone explain it?
You insert the name of the person you're telling it to or want to insult in a group, like they have the smallest penis in the world.
 
I heard it was OP
This is a repost of "a joke my dad told me" it falls short with out the set-up of useing a friends name 
Meh, I heard the joke probably 15+ years ago and tried to reconstruct it.  As long as a few people enjoy it, then I'm happy.
I enjoyed it, OP.

You said smallest feet twice, but funny all the same
Wanna upvote cuz Metallca... But I can't seem to
I though they called soft drinks "pop" in Minisoda
what city AND state have the smallest fruit and soft drinks? .Miniapples, Minisoda
Any state Bloomberg gets his paws on 
 
My new camp counselor joke. Thanks man.
Wouldn't they call it minipop?
New York
Me: "I wonder what it could be... Oh, Minnesota" right before the page loads. 
 FTFY (my first image)
really though the large fountain at McDonalds here is like a Medium in Mississippi. (From MN, go to Ole Miss)
In Australia; Cairns. Though Cairns isn't a state..
that was lamer than FDR's legs, nah it was ok
New York :/
I thought minisota was a city
When I was a little kid living in Minnesota, I told this joke constantly. I thought that I was the only one clever enough to think of it, but as I got older, I realized it was a dumb joke. But now... now... . made the front page with it. Congrats... I guess. >:/
False. New York because scumbag Bloomberg 
It is incredible how the shills down vote you
lol
Thought it was going to have something to do with "cans" and "ass."
That's what Missa sipped.


What state needs a kleenex?.Massachooits.
"Mass-ACHOO-setts"?
Massachushits.
I think you'd need more than a Kleenex for that
Best joke in the thread. XD
There is a street in St. Paul named Minihaha and our corny joke was, "what do you call a small joke? Minihaha" ba dump tish
Minnehaha* :P
A street? It is a park and a waterfall.
To be technical, there is a Minnehaha Avenue.. gives five results for Minnehaha in MN: 
Fair enough, i'd never heard it described as "a street in St. Paul" before. 
New York, after Bloomberg gets his way.
That's just NYC
I didn't realize there was anything in New York outside of NYC.
Minnesota thread? 
I love the Minnesota Karma train!
The punchline is ruined if you're actually from Minnesota, because the joke quickly devolves into the perennial soda v. pop debate.
And the fact that we've heard that joke about as many times as we have lakes.
I heard a loon the other day in the background of a GoT episode, and I almost cried. I miss Minnesota.  :(
Minnesota nice, hotdish, yea sure you betcha, Prince, Olie and Lena jokes, Bob Dylan, Trampled by Turtles, Purple Jesus, DAE 89.3 The Current, Fuck the Packers and Saints, A Prairie Home Companion, Michele Bachman (unfortunately)..somebody can add to this if they want.
The Minnesota wild? 
Well there are two MN natives playing in the MLB all-star game, Joe Mauer of St. Paul and Glen Perkins of Stillwater, both reppin for the Twins!
True, this last losing streak hurt so much I forgot about the Twins.
The Eriksens. People know the Eriksens.
MISSOURI asked me to borrow MISSISSIPPIS's NEW JERSEY. I said 'I don't know - ALASKA'.
what did Delaware? Idaho, Alaska. 
She wore nothing, that's why I Idaho..("I eyed the hoe"...if you didn't get it.)
upvote for how bad that one was
If she lends me it, I'll tell her IOWA.
When she needs it back she'll just have Cali-fone-ya 
By the time she got back to me it was Oregon.
Then find it.  (That's how this works right?)
Yes.
No
I thought I'd get over it but these jokes are making me squeaMICH IGAN.
Then Hawaii do you keep reading these jokes?
I don't know, it's just Illi-noise to me.
 The 's' in Illinois is silent. All residents of the state pronounce it "Ill-i-noi"
She told me that I should get my school supplies in pencilvainia
I upvoted you :).Edit: and someone downvoted me :( happy birthday Zoten!
I downvoted you :) thanks speigs!
I can't understand you damn Yankees. Cryptic words and such..I'll have to use my North Decoder..Edit:new phone, need to turn auto-correct off
I don't know; I thought that was the correct pronounciation. 
I wasn't saying it like that. This girl Indy Anna told me to use that to set up my joke, lol.
Everyone knows that. 
Haha fair enough. In my experience, almost everyone outside of Illinois had no idea. I think it was even referenced in some College Humor video where they make fun of each state.
Haha, I added the 'e' at the end for the sake of the pun. It wasn't a perfect fit, but that's how it goes.

How the fuck am I laughing my ass off at 
I thought you were suspiciously_calm.
Aw, this would be the perfect subreddit for my .. She loves a good punny joke. The more groan-inducing, the better.
I finally found a quiet place I can call my home.
I read this joke to my wife and she said, "ugh, this is a bad subreddit for you...".Then I saw this comment. 
My new favourite sub
When I have kids I'll use that subreddit and they'll think I'm a genius. Or just really embarassing. Hopefully both.
The scary thing is, I've got kids, and I've noticed that half of the things I say anyway are turning up on that sub.
Is it scary because you're a mom?
upvoted for truth...my gf was never into it before I showed her how its supposed to be...now she sometimes wants it over anything else...
its supposed to be 'if sex is a pain in the ass, you're doing it wrong'
anal sex is the unsaid punch line, because that's what they're accidentally doing..
I didn't even realize I wrote it that way.
Aha, I thought it might've been a mistake :)
Wouldn't that curdle the milk and make it taste horrible?
the train: Ok, this really hyper-active lil boy gets a train set for christmas, but his mom would not let him play with it for the fear he might just break it lose it what ever she is mom.2 days go by...  TODAY she has a huge dinner party coming this is going to be very hard to do with her hyper kid,, he allready shaved the cat, put dog in the fish tank and spilled the bag of cat food... Oh no whats next,, here he comes,,, MOMMY CAN I PLAY WIT MY TRAIN ?CAN I HUH CAN I PLAY WIT MY TRAIN? Not a second thought was needed... Sure honey thats a great idea your old enough now ,,but you sit in the dining room and play nice,, I'll be in the kitchen cooking ok play nice...shes in the kitchen and she hears him snapping popping dropping and breaking stuff then she hears wooooowwooooo all u bitches and bastards who wanna get onboard the train get on board! His mom runs to the dining room and tells him:you have a two hour time out mister! but mom what will they do the train people have to get there? two hours go by...MOM CAN I PLAY WIT MY TRAIN CAN I HUH CAN I? Ok but u play nice I'll be in the kitchen PLAY NICE! OK MOM.. While in the kitchen she hears him snapping popping dropping and breaking stuff,, then she hears wooooowoooo,,, ALL U LDIES AND GENTLEMEN WHO WANNA GIT ON THE TRAIN GIT ON ALL U WHO WANT OFF HURRY UP GIT OFF.... BUT IF U WANNA KNOW WHY THE TRAIN IS TWO HOURS LATE GO ASK THAT BITCH IN THE KITCHEN
What is Bailey's?
Citric and acidic things do that, Whiskey is neither.
What kind of person gives whiskey to a convent?
A reddit user...
You're serious?
You haven't met Catholics. 
Lol. I would buy it if they do ;)
Could someone please explain?
Generally Catholics like alcohol.
[deleted]
...
Oh yeah a version of this was said in " Bonnie and Clyde ".
Judging by the taste of a White Russian I'm going with no.
Even though a White Russian is cream, Kahlua, and vodka? .Meaning it would taste entirely different.
What I'm going for is the implication that dairy and booze can go together harmoniously.
All apologies... I misread the whole thread. Of course it wouldn't curdle the milk, as you stated.
If you don't get it, it's hopeless
Do you even jokes?
Judging by what he said, I don't believe he is familiar with how to jokes.
umm, catholics, we are all a bunch of drinkers
Nice! Great joke to tell to a very religious inlaw family.
She thought the cow produced whiskey milk. 
The capitalization of "Little" and "Mermaid" is unnecessary, unless you're alluding to the Disney movie of the same name, in which case the allusion is unnecessary..Also, . would love this
I'll try not to Flounder when I Scuttle off to tell this to my friend.
Ariel-y don't get those puns. Triton-ot be so confusing.
Somehow, I knew blowjobs would be involved.
Laughed so hard at the irony
I cun't understand why people like them...
seriously, twat is wrong with those people.
Cum on guys...face the truth! 
"Irving, at least meet me halfway.  Buy a ticket".
"Sorry, I dont follow you. But I could recommend a shrink that knows more in this field, he will help you. Just call this number and ask for.." <- 140 
The doctor sends him to a shrink who can explain how to cure his addiction in short, 140-charcter bursts.

the man fainted.
6/10
How many ways are there to spell "breath"? 
Did you write "breth" and say "darn, that's not the way to mispell it"?
A blonde walks on the side of a river. She sees another blonde on the other side.."How do I get to the other side of the river?"."You . on the other side of the river".
To much focus on your spelling (my guess would be, that English isn't your primary language).. Good joke, upvoted!
Btw, English isn't my primary language either, so I usually use google translate a lot when posting in here..
Blond refers to a male with fair hair. You meant 'blonde'. 
meh
You spelled 'breathe' wrong. This is something that you're going to want to be careful with in a punch line about someone being stupid.
OK, thanks.
Also, "misspelled breathe wrong" is unnecessary; "misspelled" already means "spelled wrong" so you're saying "spelled wrong breathe wrong". It should be "Misspelled breathe" or "Spelled breathe wrong"..(Not trying to sound like a douche)
Now that it has been corrected it is misspelled wrong! 
Boooo!
That's why she left me...
Saw it coming 
She didn't
The joke ends at the title? How sad. :-( 
apparently two things are missing, this guy has no joke, or gf.
My gf and i are in a loving relationship, i could never let my right hand go.
That's what she said!
is mexican the new black?
No because black people are compared to bus stop benches. Guess which one can support a family.
Naw, they raise their children.... After practicing with their 20 younger siblings.
Shockrates.Horrorclitus.Eufrightus the Stoic
His doctor used to work in auto repair, fixing trannies
I almost got fired for reading this
Classic Schmosby, on reddit at the future location of GNB
It does say "nsfw"
I think this was sarcasm...
Just maybe
2edgy4me
Someone care to explain?
If you say Diesel Fitter fast, it sounds like "These'll fit 'er".
As soon as I saw Child in the title I figured it would have to do with a mail/milk man.
No you didn't.
not him, personally, but a guy he knows. he figured it out at the title. wooo-eee!
I think I heard a similar joke told in "Big Fish". (But instead it's from the child's perspective and in dreams). But always a great one to hear.
And I'm guessing the dude wants a "ta ta, mommy" pretty soon.
ouch.
Great to hear they start young 
6/10
Line breaks... :(
... ? If a paragraph of this size causes people to cry for line breaks, we have truly lost our collective attention spans. :(
There are a shit-ton of line breaks. What are you reading it on?
Must be something wrong with the alien blue on iPhone..I am actually asking for "no line breaks" as the breaks will automatically apply usually
hey Hey HEY
Is funny, because internet loves cats. Old man loves cats like internet.

One of my favorite jokes.  You can set the expectation a bit more by having the man ask the boy "what for?" after the first two items are announced.
Yeah, I tried to shorten it as much as possible for those TL;DR people haha.
This guy gets it
Later the old man found himself puzzling over what to do with all those cats.
Post pictures to Reddit for karma?
fucking*?
If he said fuck off knife he would just make her laugh anyways....
True true
So meta!
META!
The way I first heard it, which I think works better: the chicken says "book, book, book" every time. The librarian follows him on the final time and actually hears the frog..This way the animals' only lines are onomatopoeias already associated with them, thus adding to the humor, since the presumption that the frog actually means he read it is gone because there's no longer the obvious possibility that he's able to talk.
This is my favourite joke of all time now. Thank you for this
Ah you never said that the crush actually accepted, so he seemed a bit premature at the start. It was obvious by the end this wasn't the point of the joke, but it was still a distraction. . it just started "A guy is getting ready to take his girlfriend to prom", which worked a bit better.
Honestly, I've never understood the charm of a shaggy dog story.
They're all in the delivery. They work much better in person with somebody who is great at joke telling. When well done, as much or more humor comes from the buildup as from the anti-punchline.
Humor us often generated by the denial or undermining of a social norm or an expected outcome; by not having a punch line shaggy dog stories create humor on a meta level about the joke itself.
and then what happened.... ugh
 
not really, there was a punchline which does make you laugh
This sub is great, thanks for sharing!
Glad someone linked this, otherwise I was going to. 
My favorite way to end this joke is to just stop on "He goes and gets her some punch.".Wait for the other person to respond in some way, then I say, "Oh, yeah, there was no punch line...."
Best thing about this joke is that you can tell any story in which the protagonist queues alot and then end it the same. While drunk i once told an exessively long version that went on for about 10 minutes. When id finnished, my freind (also drunk) just turned to me with the most deadpan look, sat down, put his head in his knees and laughed.

...why do you get down voted for posting credit?
I don't know...they must be jealous protons...
They both have 9 orange and blue spots.  At least mine does
_
Not sure if lol or wtf...
can someone explain?
My onlllyyy guess would be that the "bridge" the man referred to was train tracks that went across water making a "bridge". So I guess there was a train coming and they were stuck on the train track bridge. That's my only guess, IMO a terrible joke with very little clue to the punchline lol.
The pair went to a bridge over train tracks instead of the one over water and he was hanging there looking for fish on dry land when the train approached and was about to take his head off if he didn't get back on the bridge fast enough. 
Jew ?
why was billy a part of this joke?
Bcoz he financed the hospital
That was a lot funnier on sickipedia a week ago
Amazing double entandre..So many ways to interpret the meaning through trying different tones.
Just so you know, it's spelled "entendre", from the French verb for "to hear".
Ah yes, through trying different tones of perhaps this time? What going turned from all the jokes that through tones maybe. 
Ah, don't be so hard on yourself. I'm sure it won't be a big deal.
Yeah, apparently it's a small one.
Thatsthejoke.png
On the contrary, I think this relationship will suck. 
Is that a pun I don't get...? Ooorr?
That is a pun. 
Everything on reddit is a pun. 
No, no not a pun. What's the other thing which reads the same backwards as forwards?
Yo banana boy
Eva, can I see bees in a cave?

Castaway with Tom Hanks
A palindrome.
A palindrome for Bolton would be Notlob!
A man a plan a canal panama
That's one of my favorites. Works better with commas though. A man, a plan, a canal... Panama!
Bravo!
What?  A 
The twilight series
Then enters The Machine.
And then Boris Yeltsin brought out the vodka.
ANUSTART.
What did she intend exactly?
We have no clue....but I guess OP too....
Oh Tobias, you blowhard
Daddy's here to get his rocks off!
I'm a registered sex offender...
.... and pedophilia
Analrapist
Well, why are you sharing this disgusting piece of information?
didn't get the reference I'm guessing? I'm not actually a registered sex offender
Oh
Oh no, I'm not in the group yet. I'm afraid I just blew myself.
This four year old just put every adult comedian to shame
She was just going through a phase of making up anything that could sound like a joke. She probably saw the fan and just blurted it out. Needless to say, we all really laughed at that joke. 
I know family members who went through that stage... ."Knock Knock!" 
"Who's there?"
"A dinosaur farting! AHAHAGHA!" 
I laughed. Have an upvote
My famous one (in my family).Why is a raisin like a writing desk?  It isn't!
I'm 37 and still have some jokes like that. After the punchline, I just facepalm and claim that I'm an idiot with everyone in agreement. 
One of these statements deserves an upvote.

Your joke is bad and you should feel bad. 
Funny that this only works written out, I'd be interested in seeing how one could pull it off verbally.
Have a split screen scene, then have the NSA cut in.
Not really a joke. In more ways than one.
teehee
Gimme the weed, I'll fuck your mom, and then... Taco Bell sounds about right
I've heard this on Family Guy.
I prefer the Red Bull walking into a bar lol, still great though
Try researching the jokes files of the past few decades of Garrison Keillor and Prairie Home Companion (see: any edition of the Pretty Good Joke Book)
Will do, thanks!
Me too
Nothing because one of them is scalar
What do you get if you cross an elephant and a rhinoceros?.Elephino!
It's your own fault. Let them be.
Can someone explain this one?
yeah, don't take advantage.
I can't recall where I heard it but I was once told as a lad this story about why tennis uses the term love..Often playing a sport involves compensation. Football players play for a salary. Your game of darts may be to decide who buys the next round of beers. Before the match one player may ask the other, "What shall we play for? loser buys dinner?" The other player could reply with "play for love." Meaning the love between friends. Not brotherly love or sexual love. So love means there is no number attached, no purse, no wager. You just play for love. So love means no score. Then if you don't want to communicate the score to a casual observer, you would reply that the score is love/love meaning neither of you are keeping track.."What was the score when you played jim?"."love love"
Otherwise you break up
If you don't take advantage you're stuck in a deuce, and nobody wants that.
In tennis scoring "love" means zero points. Love means nothing to a tennis player because it is only zero points, therefore it is a bad idea to marry a tennis player. 
hmm this joke seems 
Reminds of this: .What's The Definition Of Endless Love? Stevie Wonder And Ray Charles Playing Tennis.
I hope people are able to see the humor in this version..
In this...revision...
[deleted]
... Guys troll account ignore him.
I hope your day isn't very good.
Love means "zero points" in tennis.
Sorry, I don't get it.
cantelope = "cant" "elope"  elope = run away to get married. its a pun/play with words
Oh now it makes sense!
"Screech, you can't elope!"."Who are you calling a cantaloupe, you melon head?!"
He could have also shitten on the bar, then chase the cat and shoot his own shit.
He could have walked in, agreed with the owner (who was more than happy to share the excess profits) to share ownership of the bar, shot the owner, killed everyone else inside, and siezed the land claiming manifest destiny.
Problem with that?
Read that, come back, giggle
This would go over well in r/reallyfuckingesoteric

Sorry, friend. There was an . thread about the most intellectual joke you know, and I had just read the article that . linked. I feel like I could have seen it in the thread and just forgot about it (which is another phenomenon entirely), but I felt like sharing.
I WAS REFERENCED!.I would like to thank my mom...
At least there's a new line of work for you that you are surely good at.
You want me make banana cry?
It would be making a banana spit - if you're talking about fapping.
Probably should have realized "therapist" is all one word
That's what your mother said, Trebeck!
I got fired from my job at the cemetery, I'd made a grave mistake
And you couldn't bury it?
Is this thing on? Hello? 
Got nothing..... did you turn it off then on?
Try blowing on it.
I hate my name :-(
But you can always trust a man who likes big butts: He cannot lie.
My friend Phillip just had his lip removed. Now I call him Phil.
i would spell it philihp. 
the uk

The night before it was two Brazilian men..... (How many is a Brazilian?)
How many could fit in her bra.
No.
awesome joke. i couldnt contain the laughs from the visual.
It's pretty horribly contrived, but funny nonetheless.
REPOST!
The teacher fainted.
[deleted]
only -115 comment karma? step your game up
They should make a subreddit that's the opposite of . for trolls that get satisfaction in extreme negative karma.

this is why people shouldnt be allowed to use the internet until they go through puberty
How about you don't repost
Obvious troll is obvious
this is why people shouldnt be allowed to use the internet until they go through puberty
Both comments are funny
The teacher again said "very good."
The teacher fainted! The look on her face was priceless!!! LMBO!!!.FWD: fwd: RE: FWD: Re: FWD: FWD: LOL!!!!1!!! 
Limbo?
Laughing my butt off
the bellsouth part was a nice touch.
TIL Eve was British.
the punch line was a bit flat.
So badly told
LMFAO AFUCKING FROG
Read this here a while ago, still funny.
I tell a version of this that goes on for at least 10 minuets. My friends know it as 'Paul's Frog Joke' and hit me whenever they hear me begin to tell it. Possibly the second best joke in the world.
Reminds me of this shitty joke that was incredibly popular on middle school:.Little john was going to school when he found a small piece of folded paper on the street. He opens and reads the text inside. He folds it back and puts it on his pocket. .When he gets to school, he shows the paper to his friends, who get shocked by the text inside. They tell the teacher about the paper and she tells John to show her the paper. He shows it and the teacher gets shocked. She sends to the principal..(.).The principal requests to see the paper, and john shows it. The principal also gets shocked and expels john from the school..John sadly walks in the street with the paper when a man asks him why isn't he in school. He explains what happened and shows the man the paper. The man gets shocked and sends John to the church..In the church, the priest asks john what he did and john once again explains. When he shows the paper to the priest, he also gets shocked and tells John to go talk to god. .John explains what happened to god and god requests to see the paper too. John shows the paper, and god gets shocked. God then sends little John to hell..Entering hell, he explains to the devil what happened..Want to know what was written in the paper?.I don't know, when the devil touched it, it burned.
Best joke obviously being The Aristocrats considering the style?
A friend once told me a joke that lasted 30 minutes. The joke was that there wasn't any punchline, and it was just to make us waste our time
you know that joke isnt very funny when its told that way
Best joke being: What did Batman say to Robin before they got in the car?  .'Shut up and get in the car.'  .One day I'll find some one who finds that joke as funny as me.... one day.
I prefer the telling "Get in the car, Robin". It is so simple and plain, there is no further subtext.
why is this funny? i dont get it.
It's an anti joke. When you're expecting a cheesy punch line they hit you with a stone cold unfunny answer that's so unexpected in a joke that its funny.
i hope it works better IRL 
Anti jokes are really hit or miss. I find them quite funny sometimes. But most people I know don't. At all.
Your joke is not the least bit funny in any way. 
Is the downvote button not working for you?
The title made me laugh.
That's an odd babysitter
I can confirm. I've gone through at least 50 of them looking for just one like that. 
Man who sleeps with itchy bum wakes up with smelly fingers. 
Baseball wrong: man with 4 balls cannot walk..It is good for a lady to meet a guy in a park, but it's better for the guy to park meat in the lady..Man trapped in pantry has ass in jam..Man who farts in church must sit in own pew.
Passionate kiss like spider web- soon lead to undoing of fly
-virginity like bubble. one prick, all gone.-man who runs in front of car gets tired. man who runs behind car gets exhausted.-man who stands on toilet is high on pot
It take many nails to build crib, one screw to fill it
Maybe the wife was giving his pubes a trim?
I read the ending as "to your horse" which I found funnier than the actual punchline. Still a good one though.
What if he said 2 hours because he was going on lunch break?
In Spanish it is a bit funnier, because the guy tells in the polite way third person instead of second person way of speech: "he is went to his house and made love with his wife" and then the barber says "don't be so polite", and the guy goes "ok, he went to your house and fucked your wife".
Was he robbing him then? 
nope, sleeping with his wife.
I don't see where you  draw that conclusion from :/
He would have noticed the successive disappearance of things after every time he sees this guy, if that wasn't the case.
From the joke.
What about the loss of his wife's sex drive? 
This happens, and is less obvious than finding your house emptier every day. =P
[deleted]
No, it's a joke
My wife thought this was funny. A little . funny. 
Funniest joke I've seen here 
Hadn't heard that one. Nice.
Shop was full of dudes...he wasn't going anywhere ;)
This was very recently posted here. 
lololol nobody cares here.go home.Seriously, this place is super repost friendly. This subreddit would pretty much be out of a job if we weren't allowed to tell jokes we've heard before.
Lololol? What are you 12?  Fuck off
Why was Joey laughing hysterically?
because he witnessed the barber's wife and the random dude gettin' it on. wheelbarrow style. 
Just got the joke. Thank you.
Is that a position? 
I laughed when I read your comment with no punctuation and even harder when I went back and added that pause before wheelbarrow. Well done. 

It's exactly how I imagined it 
So was his wife.
Heeeeeeyyyyyyyo!!!
Explanation please
I didn't get it either man. 
What are you, 6?
Holy downvotes, batman.
Making fun of someone for not getting a joke doesn't really contribute anything. By reddiquette, it's to be expected.
It's also really mean. :(
Excellent point, Steve.
Meh. Even contributing to the conversation gets you down voted if it goes against the crowd. BFD. .It's the simplest fucking joke to understand. Wasn't trying to be mean. Just a dick. There's a difference. 
Well, I gave you upvotes :)
And I gave you downvotes!.Wheeee! Fun!
Holy shit this SubReddit is sensitive.
Careful with that joke, it's an antique.

Oh Ezreal...
ehh
DR JONES SIT DOWN.
SO DO YOU!
Still funny....
I have never heard this joke before... 
Lord knows we need new fresh jokes on . constantly..
Every joke is a repost dude
Glad you got the joke..
Irl repost?
oh...well here it is again........
I like the cut of your jib.
What's a jib?
The arm/boom of a sail/crane..On mobile but 
I know, its a bit from the Simpsons 
I don't like the cut of your jib.
Promote that man
Is the poop deck really what I think it is?
A guy sticks his head in the barber shop and asks how long till he can get a haircut. The barber takes a look at him and says," About another half inch."
This is what I expected lol
Not what I expected. col - cries out loud.
no
Aw let the poor guy be, he has nothing to do :/
Seriously. No job, no girlfriend, no house. 
Joey's a dick
I'd like to see how his free haircut is going to turn out.
This joke went in a different direction than I thought it would.
I wonder if that guy took a short cut to his house?
Why?.Why is this always a comment on every fucking post in this subreddit..The point of a joke is to be unexpected..That's why it's a joke..But every time, the comment is upvoted to the skies.."A joke with a punchline? Boy howdy did I not see that one coming!".Why.
Stop hating
I too am filled with violent rage over this internet comment. 
Because I have the sense of humor of a Grandma and I thought the punchline would be something like "about 4 inches more". I know. I have a boring sense of humor. And I'm not usually on this subreddit so I had no idea my sentiment was done to death.
And everyone always competes over whether or not they saw it coming, too. I swear some people must stop and think after every line
There is also someone complaining about commonly upvoted trends in every fucking subreddit
The question you should really be asking yourself is: "Why does this bother me so much?"
I feel your pain, man.
Because Reddit has Autism..You may have also noticed that a comment explaining a joke will often get more upvotes than the joke itself..Who uses Reddit?  A combination of Autistic computer nerds, adolescents & boys in men's bodies, dumb people, and the occasional None-of-the-Above.  .This unfortunate reality explains many of the most annoying aspects of Reddit.
I bet you're fun parties.
[deleted]
Right on, brother..Or sister, I guess.
Because often jokes are very predictable, and it's nice to see one that's refreshing and unpredictable.
But it's not that unpredictable
You didn't laugh, did you?  :)
I have a unreasonable bias against infidelity jokes, but I'll admit it's a well set up joke
Infidelity? 
It was . of Seinfeld that made you this way....infidelity and barbers, forever entwined in your head.
Dude was fuckin his wife
And I just got the joke.  Thank you.
I assumed he was stealing from him...yours makes more sense. 
I didn't really predict the ending before the joke finished, so I'd define that as an unpredictable joke. To each his own, though.
He's fucking the barbers wife and kept checking in with him to see how long he would have to do the nasty
Or cutting his grass..?
I still don't get it. You mean that the barber goes home after he finishes every haircut? Stupid joke but thanks for explaining it anyway.
I've heard this joke half a dozen times and only now have I realized the punchline. I thought the guy just... you know, went to the barber's house and waited for his haircut... or something...
Yeah, I thought the joke was that guy was so dumb he didn't know where he was supposed to wait. First time I've seen it.
Try reading it slower
"I still don't get it"."Stupid joke".1200+ upvotes, the joke isn't what's stupid 
I... I thought he was getting robbed at first.
I just thought he wanted a damn haircut.
I mean, he kiiiiiiind of was. 
Why... why do you stutter online when you type?
It's n-not a s-s-stutter, B-BAKA!
Isn't your username just one big stutter?
If he told the joke like it was written you'd know better.
same. some mention of the wife somewhere would've cleared that up
B... because fuck you, that's why.
The barber would probably have noticed his things missing, and the guy probably would have stolen everything the first time. 
I guess that guy got a little trim either way. 
You're funny! Are you here all week?
why? so you can go to his house and shag his wife?
This guy.
HEYOOOO!!!!
Credit: 
Technically it's Jaime's joke
Ive always preferred this joke with "Because it is bothering the other patients!"
There was a four car pile up in mexico today, 216 people died.
Its racist and terrible, but also made me lol
Come to south-eastern Europe and enjoy the jokes which are considered racist anywhere else. People in south-eastern Europe know how to have a good laugh, and nobody gets offended.
[deleted]
Written: Somos los oltimos cuatros. Los otros ya estan alli..Spoken: ... ya estan ayi.Source: High school spanish.Edit: Spelling
Close, some minor corrections:.Nosotros somos los ltimos cuatro, los otros ya estn all.
[deleted]
Written:Pronounced:English
Aqu: A-kee: Here
All: A-yee: There (close)
Alla: A-yah: There (far away)
Press enter twice to get a line break..Like so.
Formatting ;)
I read the title in my feed and immediately thought this was in .. Needless to say I was a little worried for a second there.
*ltimos
There's a similar one, something like this:.They did a poll of Mexicans to see how many would come to the US if they had the chance. 40% of respondents answered yes. The other 60% were already here.
Why does Mexico do poorly at the Olympics? .Because all the Mexicans who can run, jump and swim are in America. 
Whats a Mexican's favorite sport?.Crosscountry
I think this is more truth than a joke.
Sometimes they're the same thing.
Ok that was original. 
I thought this was . for a sec
As a Texan, I understand.  We recently had a state representative refuse to give us state prison employees a raise because "A monkey could do their job." They sent us a bunch of no english speaking mexicans who constantly keep bringing in contraband instead.  Nigerans too. But they're kinda awesome. But I digress. This joke was funny.
Fuck texas
Haha judging by your username, you're an expert on staying hard
The whole state? That seems hard. Actually, I guess being hard helps.
I would think that being hard was recommended.
Really quite necessary 
nope, it didn't reference Snowden anywhere
Or Muslims. 
And nobody got raped
...by Muslims. 
Touch
And on the other border, here's a transcript of a radio conversation of a US naval ship with Canadian authorities off the coast of Newfoundland.Americans: Please divert your course 15 degrees to the North to avoid a Collision..Canadians: Recommend you divert YOUR course 15 degrees to the South to avoid a collision..Americans: This is the Captain of a US Navy ship. I say again, divert YOUR course..Canadians: No. I say again, you divert YOUR course..Americans: This is the aircraft carrier USS Lincoln, the second largest ship in the United States' Atlantic fleet. We are accompanied by three destroyers, three cruisers and numerous support vessels. I demand that YOU change your course 15 degrees north, that's one five degrees north, or countermeasures will be undertaken to ensure the safety of this ship..Canadians: This is a lighthouse. Your call
Reminds me of 
Someone told me this actually happened. Did it?

And with that, he beat OPs joke(applaud)
This is the clip . but with an Irish Lighthouse
Dear god that had terrible acting.
It wasn't . bad
The Australian Navy actually used this joke as their TV ads.
link?
I don't get it, why would he grab his backpack?
And how does that make another parachute magically appear?
The world's smartest man grabbed the boy scout's backpack instead of one of the parachutes.
Are you serious???
Where's YOUR_JOKE_EXPLAINED when we need him?
You would've been the guy to grab the backpack
Heh thought it was gonna be another pedophile joke. Pleasantly surprised.
I guess he's finding it hard to gauge the patient's reactions. 
And now, that asshole has the tool to write The Great American Novel.
sharpie in pooper
Swear I saw this here only a few weeks ago...
[deleted]
 nsfw as it is exactly what you expect.
OMG reddit really does have something for everyone. 
I want porn of ghosts fucking. Not people in sheets, not people that are pale or done-up with makeup. CGI ghosts having spooky sex. .Inb4 South Park, it was a spooky ghost reference. 
This was in a dirty joke book that I read 20-something years ago - seeing it again is a strange blast from the past
Same, wish there was a karmadecay for jokes.
Pretty sure reddit wasn't around 20-something years ago
I've heard/seen it once a year for the past 10
Oh no, how will you cope with having to hear a joke ten times over ten years? 
Sounds like you need to get a life. After ten years you'd think you'd learn not to click on a joke starting with "A proctologist"
So, does he regularly leave rectal thermometers in his patients asses?
I can't quite put my finger on the punchline.
He meant to put the thermometer up a patient's butt but accidentally put a pen up there. That's why he has the rectal thermometer in his pocket but not the pen.
And the asshole that has his pen is an actual asshole.
Don't bring this guy to any parties
FTFY
I don't get invited to parties anyways :(
Parties are overrated, unless there's crack involved.
Was.. was that a butt joke pun?..
Please, don't put your finger on the punchline.
But it feels really good though :(
The hole punch line is good. 
Please don't punch the hole.
Don't tell me what not to punch
atleast please dont punch a new one.
A million to one Doc, a million to one.
I'm Kramer, The Assman.
Excuse me sir that spot's for Drs, oh proctologist nevermind 
[deleted]
Hey serious question time: Why do you do this?.I mean, i'm not mad or anything, in fact I find the anti-reddit-pattern comment a little funny, but not grand or interesting as a whole. So in a sense it's just useless content..Obviously you don't really care about karma, and i applaud you of that, but I don't really understand your motivations?
I know a guy who seriously types like that all the time. 
What is his motivation, then?
He's posessed by an insult hurling lessor demon with the power to get itself banned.
That's just name calling..Seriously, why do people troll?
The reasons likely vary with the troll. Some may be immature dropouts living in mom's basement. Others may want to seek out new life and new civilizations, to boldly go, where no troll has gone before.
You're just saying words, mate. Those are not reasons.
Never try to reason with trolls.
He cares about karma, just in the negative direction. Just trying to get attention.
I'm curious to see his own reply, not your theory, sorry mate.
Well, I managed to get a glimpse of a message he just sent to me about my mom before he or someone deleted it, if that helps:
To be honest, he probably wont reply to you.
In retrospective, yeah, I know he wont..But i was drunk and curious at the time of writing :)
...Where do you think you are?
What did he say?
Something along the lines of "looool rofl u guyz r faaaaggz loololol haha do u no u r gay hahaha lol" I think it was trying to communicate but I just couldn't understand!
The proctologist's patient just happened to be one of his colleagues. "You mean one of your patients took it?" Asked the OBGYN. "What a cunt."
Oh, who cares about a shitty pen anyway.

Not enough upvotes

AFAIK you don't use pens to draw watercolour
Not the way I do it. 
Has got better uses with his time.
He'll care if he's a habitual pen chewer
He used to have a whole set of pens, but he rectum.
Pure gold
Mining... 
You can call it anything you want, it still won't come back to you.
Steve, GTFO.
this caught me way off guard and i almost choked on my V8
Someone told me another joke about a boomerang. I forgot it, but it, but I'm sure it'll come back to me.
i told this one last week...mine was wayyyyy better lol 
Agreed.  Better formatting makes the joke in this case. 
How did you format it?
Like a boss
I'm pretty sure this is just a rewording of one of the top posts in this subreddit of all time. 
I copied this from my friends grandmas FB, I'd link it but I don't think she'd appreciate me  doing that. Sorry, I should look better next time! :)
"Ties are now $50 each."
I'll let you off with a warning... this time. .Edit: Calm down everybody. I was joking.
you're worse than hitler!
It's pretty hard to beat Hitler, I mean, he . kill Hitler
Every single goddamn time I think it would turn into the Nate and Lever joke.
I love that joke, it's such an interesting story.
I've mastered telling that joke. I've had people at parties all sitting around me in a circle for 35 minutes just to hear them all groan when I finish.
That's great! The link that I read it from was forty meters long (it said) so the punchline couldn't be accidentally ruined. I had to reread the last couplde of lines. I read the entire thing without skipping ahead, then read the results and thought, "Ok, the ONE time I read a long joke and it's the LONGEST joke in the world? That's the real funny part."
Link?
Pretty obvious, isn't it?.EDIT: I meant that to be funny, not mean.
Well I just wasted 45 minutes...
No, according to the results you were part of the 11% who just enjoyed the journey.
You mean the.FWD:FWD:FWD:RE:FWD:RE:FWD:FWD:FWD:WORLD'S LONGEST JOKE OMG ROTFL.Style ending results?
What. The. Fuck. .How did I just read all of that to get to that punchline?
Because it's thin and the words are big. No big scary walls of text to deter you. Even though the end wasn't in sight, you had to keep scrolling so you felt that you were making good progress. Eventually, he runs over the snake and you're just, "WTF?"
Just read it. Holy shit that was hilarious. The epitome of bad jokes.

Sports.
To be absolutely sure, try switching it up with some anal. If he doesn't jump a little at first, he's gay.
Depends. How good is the blow job?
It's pretty dull. 
It came up flat. 
This thread should be erased
You lead me astray. 
im sure that could be an ashtray astray pun in there somewhere. 
In Soviet Russia your mama make jokes about YOU.
Occupying it.
European.
Finnish.
that was funny :)
why do people down vote this? it's hilarious 
I don't get it
And one to get the warrant... oh wait.

And one to shoot the light bulb's dog.
I get this reference. 

But you're iron man. (I get what he's saying)
Just one to beat the room for being black
then arrest the old light bulb for being broke
Much better
Thanks!
This is clever, but is James Thurber necessary?
Yes..James Thurber is always necessary.
Tom Jones, who was in the next bed, immediately contradicted the nurse.
I always love this one.
He probably threw it like 20 feet.
For trying to fuck his daughter
[deleted]

Wait..What?
By chance are you taking summer civics?.Our professor just said this yesterday o_o
Sorry, nope. I'm not taking any summer courses, plus I live in Switzerland.
I remember this from Pursuit of Happyness. Slightly different when it was told by Will Smith's son. 
Been a while since I read this one, always gets a laugh from my more religious friends as well (They aren't very conservative).
Oldie but a goodie
IT isn't actually insulting religions at all when you think about it. It says that people can be blinded by their religion so they fail to acknowledge the answers to their prayers. It isn't saying God didn't do anything, just that the woman failed to recognize it as his work.
This joke is also basically the same as a bible story.
Often referred to as a parable. 
I honestly didn't know that thank you. (No sarcasm intended.)
You're welcome. A parable is a story with a lesson. 
Lars and Lena are sitting on their roof because the neighborhood was flooded. Suddenly they see a hat floating along in what used to be their neighbor's yard. The hat bobs one way, and then bobs back. It does this for a little while of it doing this, the hat disappears into the house. Lena asks, "Well what do you make of that?" Lars says, "Oh dat's just Sven. Yesterday I heard him yelling 'By hell or high water, I'm going to mow the lawn tomorrow!'"
A good oldie. I always told it with a friend who offers a ride in his truck (before it's to flooded to get away), a rescue boat, and a coast guard helicopter. Still a good joke either way.
I actually prefer this version.  At first I thought it was a bit boring to just have three boats in a row, but it kind of makes up for that by having her climb higher and higher up the house.  And "For crying out loud, woman, I sent 3 boats" is just a really good punchline.  
here is one of my favs:
3 elderly ministers get together every Saturday afternoon at their favorite fishing spot to enjoy the day and company. One day they invite a younger minister to join them. They all get into a boat and begin to fish. One of the older men says, "I forgot to bring my thermos" , so he hops out of the boat, and walks across the water to fetch it. The young man is amazed, and says to himself, "My faith is just as strong as theirs!". When the older man gets back, the young man says, "I too forgot my thermos!", jumps from the boat and sinks immediately. The old men laugh and one asks, "Reckon we should have told him where the rocks are."
It would have been funny if you said giving furniture to the poor so you didn't use chair twice
How do you catch a tame rabbit?.Tame way, unique up on it.
How do you catch a calm rabbit?.Calm on, tame way, unique up on it!
how to you catch any rabbit?.stand behind a tree and make noises like a carrot. 
Matching servers.
that makes them less mobile then legs, so more like virgin immobile. Holy Roller still works though
crippled god bitch
3edgy5me
Holy roller
Roamin' Catholic
Why is speed limit set at 68?.Because at 69 you go end for end.
Knock knock.Who's there?.Cargo.Cargo who?.Cargo, beep beep!
 are that way buddy ---->
Knock knock..Who's there?.Europe..Europe who?.NO YOU'RE A POO!!!

this is plain stupid....
If I want pussy I can just whip either of them out, and walk around holding them in public.
I don't think walking around with your dick hanging out will get you laid
Yes, yes you can.
Well, not with . attitude, you won't
Nah, I used to know a Polish guy who could do that too.
Bring that up again and we'll vote on it.
The pun is too contrived....If there is no pier, it's not really even a harbor, is it? Let alone Earth's greatest.
harbour doesnt need a pier. a dock does
What?
pier-peer
I understand that. so it means earth has no equal in being shitty?
He meant the harbor is without pier, not the earth..Because harbors always have piers to harbor ships
peered at harbor ships?
Back off folks... I have dibs on his donkey!
it's a mule...
Either way, it's going to get screwed...
You people are sick. That burro is in mourning!
I like it
and a shell is too small
I was expecting the punchline to be something related to when the doc said "I don't know what came over me". 
[deleted]
Twice as big as the smallest a doctor's ever seen ... so basically, you're just relieved yours is visible to the naked eye (pun not intended)?
Pretty good punch line. Might be funnier if it were "isn't it obvious?" he retorted, "its swollen".
No it wouldn't be funnier. Why would that be obvious since the doctor had never seen it?
It's funny to think the man would have no idea that his penis was abnormally small, and it also changes your interpretation of the man's initial request not to laugh. Well, obviously it's not funny now that I've explained it, but there it is.
Yep, also the ten minutes of laughing is a bit much. Maybe 30 seconds or a minute.
Ten minutes makes the implied fact that he started laughing after the punchline even better. I agree ten minutes is a bit much but I think 3-5 would be best.
Yes, laughing that hard for 10 minutes might cause one to faint.  And no good can come of that in this subreddit. 
[deleted]
That joke is so bad that it is laughable, just like I like them.
You're friend is some kind of a dumb . for doing that!
Want some Karma? Go get the Eel.
[deleted]
Done
I didn't mean to sound like a dick, I honestly thought it would roll out better for you, bud.
Upboated!
Thanks for that one dad.

How can a joke be so bad, yet so good at the same time?
groan
My great grandmother babysat dimaggio 
A Golden Retriever has made it through many tests to get a new job and is sitting in the final meeting..The interviewer says, "We're very impressed, but this job requires a lot of travelling. Do you speak any foreign languages?".The Golden Retriever says, "Meow."
maybe he should have said Ruth.
I like my bananas how I like my women. Bruised.
strong?
I like my coffee like I like my women... .
 and I don't like coffee!!!! 
Where can you buy slaves for free?
Africa. Just pay s&h...
Black and bitter?
Clicked link expecting racism...much better than expected.
HHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAA, not funny at all...
Haha thanks. It produced a slight chuckle from me.
the hot ones are angry because the boys all stare at them.
the not hot ones are angry because the boys don't stare at them.
should read "cause they have 6 periods a day"
every half hour?  what school did you go to?
There's a difference between Lessons (streaks of the same subject) and periods (unit of time to differentiate between keeping or changing classes)
My teachers had an hour and a half periods. How could you retain anything with just a half hour?
I don't know about you, but I don't have two periods in a row with the same lesson
Would have been better to say they had 6 periods a day. 
Or 8 if you're like me.
You should probably get that checked out.
"That's nasssssty."-Cleveland.
Have you been acting for film? Cuz you got SAG written all over you.
I don't get it
You know it's a joke when someone's able to call a doctor.  
Her boobs sag so low that her left nipple is two inches above her left knee.
Sometimes I get stressed out by titles on . because I think it's from . or . or something
Right, saggy tits. I get it.
Then why comment?
Because he helped me understand the joke :/
Ahh I get it....had to think about that one.
I realise it's just a joke, but I couldn't find it funny after the doctor got the location of the heart so badly wrong. It just made me think that the person that wrote it is an idiot..Edit: Screw you downvoters. I can suspend disbelief for a joke. If this were about alien abductions or something I wouldn't have complained that they don't exist. But it was obvious that the doctor being retarded wasn't part of the joke: the OP really is so stupid he doesn't know where his own heart is. I found that hard to see past..Edit 2: Oh god no! Not downvotes! 
The joke wasnt about my heart im well aware of where it is..
If you want to analyze it we can..Perhaps the doctor, knowing she had a history of depression and that she was old, knew why she asked the location of the heart.  Knowing that her breasts were not as firm as they used to be, he told her where she should shoot herself based off of where he knew she would not die..Therefore the doctor feigned ignorance to save her life.  She should fuck him.
Edit: format
I don't get your point. In that picture the heart is clearly in the middle of the chest, not the left side. It sticks out very slightly more on the left than the right, but that's not the "exact location"..Edit: Of course maybe you post wasn't aimed at me, but was just clarifying what I said. I'm surprised people are stupid enough that it needs clarifying, but maybe I shouldn't be.
Booooooooo.
Stupid? It's a common misconception... ignorance not stupidity..You're really coming off as an asshole.
Dude when you get downvotes don't complain about it. It will only get more downvotes. 
Better? :-)
[deleted]
Ok, I'll definitely stop replying now.
[deleted]
Oh and like I said I'm not replying anymore.
Excellent!
Seriously, what's up with the comments on posts in . recently?
ITT: wut
Recently?
Comments in any . thread:.Edit: Thanks ..
(btw, what do you think we should be talking about in the comments?)
Also 'haha' and 'lol'.
I'm not saying these comments are wrong. I'm simply pointing out these are the only types of comments you will see in .. I can't imagine a joke would spawn an intellectual discussion where all parties learn something new in the end.
And people who don't get the joke.

Just a semi-important sidenote that might prove useful one day. .It's a common myth that the heart is located on the left side, some people actually believe it's literally and medically true. It is actually attached to the center of the body and grows 
No one ever believes me when I tell them that.
And it definitely ain't 2 inches below anyone's nipple.
My heart is that big?!
I thought it was supposed to be the size of your fist
That's about the size of a fist AFAICS in that picture. Ribcages are smaller than we think, in my experience.

I'll only need this once.
A beautiful young woman had had her heart broken so badly by her last lover that she had lost all will to live. She wrote her will, discarded all perishable food in her fridge, turned off the water and electricity.  .She took a handgun and placed the muzzle against the side of her head ... but lowered the gun again, thinking: I should not destroy my head, I want to leave a beautiful corpse..So she took the handgun and pressed the muzzle against her chest, aiming for her heart. But against this too, she decided, thinking she shouldn't destroy her wonderful, firm breasts..Lacking any decent knowledge of anatomy, she thought to kill herself by shooting herself up of her vagina. So she took the barrel of the gun and inserted it into her body. But then, she took it out again. Put it in again, took it out again. This went on for quite some time until she'd decided she was over her lost lover.
The gun went off just as she decided to live and she died. The end. 
This episode of The Twilight Zone written by M. Night Shyamalan. 
A brainless ditzy blonde woman goes to the hospital with a mangled bloody hand. The doctor sees her and asks what happened.."Well" she says "I decided to end it all after my last boyfriend left me, and I decided to kill myself with a handgun. I put the gun in my mouth, and I didn't want to ruin the money it took to fix my teeth. So I put it to my heart, and I realized that I didn't want to destroy the thousands of dollars it took to get my breasts augmented. So I put it up to my ear, and I realized 'ya know what? This is going to be really loud.'"
So why is her hand bloody? I don't get the joke
The joke is that she literally had no brain, so the bullet went in one ear and out the other, which she had blocked with her fingers.
She plugged her ear with her hand.
Oh man. :D
Reminds me of the song Hollywood the Cracked by Coheed and Cambria
DIE WHITE GIRLS! 
What a weird fucking coincidence, im listening to that right now....Except im used to it as KEEII
What?!  There's nothing is that song about fucking a gun. 
Well, the joke reminds me of the lion king by disney.
HOLLYWOOD HOLLYWOOD.Watch out here she comes.HOLLYWOOD HOLLYWOOD
I guess I never took it literally. 
It was actually meant to be taken literally in this case. Hollywood was literally fucking a loaded gun and it went off and she died.
Most people don't literally take it 
Dont take any of Coheeds songs literally, or else they all become weird and totally fucked up
Yeah, but you say a lot of things... and how does that work? You're a bicycle?
Wot.
It's from 10 Speed of God's Blood =(
I prefer In Keeping Secrets. Three Evils my favorite <3

I don't get it

"That's not my dog"
Are you positive?
That was a bloody terrible pun. 
We've bled this one dry. 
Yeah, we should stop circulating the same bad puns. 
We should always . b . a-ware of this.
Can I offer up a pun that is different, but in the same vein?
No, that would just be heartless. 
You win
What's showing?
Play by the book, of course
Retard
I'm confused as to why you called me a retard twice... Or even once for that matter.
Twice due to phone error, once originally because OP has said dealer has a 7. 
I meant which of his cards are showing, the six or the ace. Now, I'm terrible at blackjack, but I would play differently if the dealer knows I have an ace than if the dealer knows I have a six.
Blackjack can be played with the players cards showing. The dealer has a specific set of rules they have to follow so as to avoid being able to cheat and whatnot (i.e must hit if under 17, must stay if over 17, etc..). Most dealers I've had actually give out advice to newer players of the game.
Oh ok. I've never played blackjack in anything but videos games, so I had no idea.
What video game? New vegas has the game exactly as it's played in casino.
Honestly, the little casino apps for IOS primarily. And neopets. I've never actually played New Vegas.
Retard
I don't get it. Do you lose either way?
The number implies it's to get help of you're addicted to gambling.  But instead he had an actual problem while gambling and called for advice.
Oh. Thank you. I thought the joke meant "When they answered the phone they asked me "I have an ace and a six. The dealer has a seven. What do I do?"" So again. Thank you.
Couldn't you just pull the lever on the slot machine again?
Hit.
Really? Nothing? Oh come on that was funny.
Give it a while..It'll happen..EDIT- It didn't.
jam goes on bread....
unless it's a sandwich of bread... yeh, my joke doesnt really work, back to the drawing board!
The Holocaust
Cancer
Death
What's the difference between an angel and a prostitute?.The angel spreads her wings and gets a harp.
The prostitute spreads her legs and gets an organ.
Hehehehhehehehehuehuhehue
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAAH  Thanks man you made my day
You still have to tip the Mohel.
Half off.
what do you call a good one? a cut above the rest.
Repost but upvote for being my favorite one liner
oh lord my penis just cringed
That's a good Juan.
it takes Juan to know Juan
Yeah, but once you've heard Juan, you've heard Jamal.
Well they certainly know how to fuck small animals
I guess in that . you did not hurt yourself too badly!
Good one! This joke also works with,.Sean Connery hit his head in the kitchen yesterday. He only had his shelf to blame.
Haha, enjoying The Last of Us then?.For folk wondering what I mean, I remember this was a joke you heard in that - 
I've actually never played the game but if one of my favourite jokes is in it I should give it a shot :)
Must've come out like this guy 
Yeah, that doesn't happen during pregnancy sex.
Yeah, what was OP thinking? Babies don't talk that early!
THAT'S where it falls apart for you? 
In a similar vein:.A doctor shows a patient a full bath of water, and tells them that to pass the test (and leave the mad house), they must answer correctly.
The patient is shown a teaspoon, a ladle, and a bucket, and told they must empty the bath.."What do you choose?" says the doctor.."The bucket" replies the patient.."You wouldn't try removing the plug first?"
Could someone please explain this? I legitimately have no idea what this joke is on about in the slightest
Good stuff. Definitely some parallels to be drawn there. Your joke actually (potentially) tricks the listener too. Or maybe it just had me going.
Ah, I see now what you mean:.Q: You enter a room with one match only, and find a paraffin burner, a gas lamp, and a wood fire. Which do you light first?.A: The match..The joke tricks the listener by listing a whole bunch of stuff that just confuses the listener! .EDIT: Unless you're a survival expert in which case you know how to light a wood fire without a match.
the door he thinks he has a key to isnt real
This is by far my favourite "crazy people" joke.
Its a joke about that the only way to identify a nuthouse worker and a nut is if they have the keys.
yeah, you got it. I didn't understand that at first. Glad I read to the bottom of this thread. I like this joke a lot more now, because really the joke is on the person who thinks 'crazy' is an objective designation and not merely a construct having more to do with power than a person's health (i.e. the holders of the keys call the shots on what is 'crazy', but that doesn't mean they are not 'crazy' themselves.)
The doctor's assume that this man is not crazy as he is not trying to open the door.  They come to find out, that he is, in fact, crazy.
Good clean humor I love it.
Is it? I would consider referring to it as a "crazy house" and laughing about mental illness could be considered very offensive. 
Sensitive Sally.
Not at all, it doesn't offend me, I merely wanted to point out how we view offensive as using swear words and that's so stupid, you can say way more unclean and offensive things without swearing. 
I would have typed it like I usually say it and put "mental health facity" but the whole thing ended up way too wordy. I know I'm longwinded and conscious of it when I post (even this is starting to feel long) so I whittled it down and simplified it. I give you the bones of the joke and you can tell it however you see fit to maintain the purity and innocence of your sheltered children ;)
gb2srs
Hey I'm not saying you can't tell it like that, I was just pointing it out, I think people need to be aware of what could offend people. We have such a huge taboo about mental illness and at the end of the day those people are people. 
Indeed they are. I was only teasing on ya, mate. I recognize and respect your opinion :)
(:
I think they meant clean as in no swearing or sexuality. But I see your point as well. 
Awesome! I've only ever heard that joke about 10 years ago in Arabic :)
Eid katal saed? Meen thal?
Eid
Eid katal saed meen thal?.Just sound out eid
Lol I know the joke I was going along with it. .Eid w Sa3eed tel3o 3al shajara, nezel Sa3eed, meen dal?
Yeah lol that was the only Arabic joke I could think of since that's all my siblings ever say when we share jokes with the family 
Bo Burnham.
The jokes the funniest when it's preceded by things like "What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs at your doorstep? Matt" and "What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs in a jacuzzi? Stew" and shit like that.
THE TRUTH IS OUT THERE
There is a similar one with yetis insteadnof UFOs
I'm a blonde. I read the joke and for the heck of it, closed my eyes and tried to guess the punchline. My punchline was: "There's a chance smart blondes have already made contact". So here I am. Hi.
Do you need someone to explain the joke to you?
Nah, it's alright. I'm using a decoder. That's how I'm talking to you. Thanks, though. 
Lol I like you.


Thank you Prez!
i approve of this joke, but it would prolly work better with "...considered a human being"
No doubt equal rights will . all that!
Bo Burnham is like a genuise
I totally read this joke and was like... Uh... Where's the punch line?
Also Cyanide and Happiness. 
Is that like a .ius in dis.?
Nothing at all like that.
Jesse?
I heard another version of this joke with a sailor who is scrubing the deck of a ship with soap. I'm sure you guys can piece it together.
Two lesbians are sitting in a bath tub. The first turns to the second and asks, "where's the soap?".And the second replies, "Yes it does, doesn't it?"
I don't get it
This version makes the joke a lot easier to understand.
I have been trying to remember this forever! Better told in person, because having the word spelled out kind of ruins it. But still, thank you!
Wears your paddle.  The sand wears down the paddle.
oh i get it, lions are polygamous, so its not considered cheating. 
here ya go OP:  
As a lion, I would have to say your statement is false. 
you would never be able to cat one in the middle of the act anyways.
But if he did, He'd be lyin'...
A tiger never changes its shorts.
If lion cheated on his wife, he would have lost his pride.
Ha Ha! Tigers dont change their stripes.
Lions have too much pride
Ha! youre lion
Yea I would've never made that comment on my mane account! 
No, he is an obvious troll
Puns just Simba-lize a lack of creativity
Why was Johnny Cash the highest paid employee at the Zoo? Because he walked the lion.
LION
Nah, lions aren't cheetahs.
This is what I thought the punchline was gonna be.
I like how the dad says ye, but also says you're.
Semi-related, but not really: my friend and I have a thing where one person will buy Jamison and the other will buy Bushmills and we speak in Irish accents all night and play Carcassonne as Catholics vs Protestants...  .Yep. That's my story. 
Thanks for this - this made my coworkers crack up!
Not Irish, it should be "Mam". .Really made me laugh though!
I'm confused.  Is the joke that the father legitimately misheard, or that he pretended to mishear so the daughter would keep giving expensive gifts?
Irish people dont say ye, thats scottish people. 
I live here, and at least in my area, yes they do, a lot.
Yeah, I was reading it thinking we'd be more likely to say "Yeh" when referring to a person, and "Ye" referring to a group of people. I found it very confusing to read at first.
Everything turns just fine with . membership.
Where are you from? I live in Cork and only say ye when talking to a group of people. 
Derry, Northern Ireland, which is technically in the UK.
Didn't know fish could use reddit.
[deleted]
That's different so.
Hyuk hyuk.
terrible joke.
I don't know if the joke is that irish hate protestant or that the dad is a materialistic asshole, but either way I laughed.
Gold. .Especially when I read "Prostitute Dad" but without the imaginary comma.
[deleted]
so how does a being a catholic prostitute work exactly.  you cant use contraception and you cant have an abortion.
I think they get busy drinking. Not as a result of pregnancy, but as a result of being Irish.
Boo, poor effort. 1/10, overused stereotype.
Child support. That's how she got so rich.
On today of all days
What day is today? Friday?
Doubt OP will get that but I do. Just didnt want you to feel alone. 
As long as one person smiles
The 12th of July. Protestants go marching in cities all over Northern Ireland, much to the dislike of a lot of people.
Not being a Protestant doesn't automatically make you a Catholic. 
When was the last time anyone, anywhere, ever heard of an Irish orthodox?.That's about as absurd as an Irish moslem or Irish atheist..Stereotypes are fact, right?
Muslim.  It's spelled Muslim.
Eh they're synonyms.  Go look it up.  Not meant to offend, just the way I've always spelled it.  :s
Oh wow.  You're not wrong.  Though some find moslem offensive for some reason.  Muslim is the more popular way of spelling it today.
Only just subbed to this subreddit, as an Irish person all these Irish jokes are fucking deadly
As an American, I know my Irish heritage makes me prone to tell more jokes mocking the Irish. Sorry! I do it with love.
Your heritage has feckall to do with it lad, you're just a yank who likes Irish jokes.
LOL. You're just mad because your ancestors weren't smart enough to get outta that cesspool of a country ;) 
wat.png
Senseofhumor.jpg
Nah mate I'm proud to be a Dub, free healthcare and no school shootings, no obesity either, woo.
No obesity? Oh, come on. 
Average BMI of 22/23 here, so while there's most likely obese people here it's certainly not the norm. I've seen three morbidly obese people in my life, all three were in the space of one week during an American summer holiday.
Well I sure hope you didn't feed them. That only makes it worse.
Brought?
No, it's a brang. Just like a bring, but with a bang. Kindly check your oxford.
Yes, sorry. I was tired when I typed that.
I'm pretty sure the bible doesn't approve of you being a prostitute either so I'm guessing that they wouldn't be too concerned with a random interpretation of the bible forbidding contraception and abortions. 
I'm surprised she didn't buy an Ireland or something
The question is, which Ireland. 
the good one
Both?
I think most Irish people would say "mam" rather than "mum".
Posh Irish people like my cousins say Mum, freaked me out as a kid.
I've always said mom, never knew it was an American thing 'til I was about fifteen or so.
Where are you from?
[deleted]
Same, i've always said mum and so did all my mates growing up. Only people I thought said mam were culchies and knackers
Round where I'm from, "my mother" gets condensed down to "me ma", or "me mammy" if you're a big jessie.
...Dave?
I say Mum but I'm from't' north.
Yes pet.
I really like the joke, but in my head this sounds more like a Scottish accent that an Irish brogue with all the 'ye's.
I'm guessing it's based in Northern Ireland, hence the "" and not the "". Plus the hatred towards Protestantism..edit: They say "ye" all the time in N.I. ~ "What about ye?"
I believe you have it backwards. The north is Protestant, the south Catholic..Edit: Hey guys, I get it, yay generalities.  But a quick look at Wiki shows:.So I stand by my original post.
There is just as many Protestants in Northern Ireland as there is Catholics. I come from a 95% catholic village in the north. 
You can stand by your post all you like pal, it still doesn't make it any way accurate. Your wiki search is about as useful as your statement and I'm guessing anyone that upvoted you knows as much as you. BTW, I am Irish and half my family(catholic) live in NI so my source is in real time, not user submitted wikis.
Ok.
Nice try Cromwell.
In the joke, the family is Catholic. I'm sure tossmeoff meant that N.I. Catholics are more likely to harbor disdain for Protestants than Catholics in the Republic are (debatable, but there's some merit to this).  Although, it's kind of silly to talk about where the joke is "based in." It's Ireland, it doesn't really matter if it's N.I. or the Republic.
You got my point and thanks for pointing it out. I know it's a joke subreddit and I'm very easy going but I was just correcting the original commenter who claimed it must be Scotland because of the word "ye". The "" dictates that the joke is set in NI. Sorry for being all debbie downer about it.
I think you had a totally fair point about the type of currency mentioned. I was just also pointing out that the core of the joke doesn't make any more or less sense depending on whether it's set in N. I. or the Republic. 
In Northern Ireland, it is indeed roughly 50/50:.But when you are talking about the Republic of Ireland, you are looking at 87% Catholic..Sources:
.

Yeah I know, EVERYONE in the north is Protestant and EVERYONE in the south is Catholic. ./Sarcasm.
+1.Yes, they are and all the strife and issues are ENTIRELY based on religion../Sarcasm.
Are ye takin the piss out of 'em? 
i did not know heather mills was irish..this is where her lawyers sue my nuts off and i would not have a leg to stand on.
Double low blow... nice
She must have found a lot of guys who were willing to throw their money down a hole
Entirely new meaning for a fistful of dollars.
I actually call my penis "dollars," for this very reason
*in a hole
Hotdog down a hallway - Money down a hole....Whatever floats your boat!
My grandfather always warned me that a boat is just a hole in the water you throw money into.  This checks out as the irish daughter must have  found a bunch of seamen.
hiyooooooo.
not if she's positioned right.
Badum tssss
Nice one. Made me chuckle.
Ha! That made my day!
What's a faery?
Freed? or did he actually feed it?
Alternative spelling for fairy. I typed it accidently, and decided to leave it. 
An unannounced pokemon that is fairy type
Like Sting says, "Free free set them free". And then I believe he fed it, but he didn't tell the bartender because it was not relevant to his story and he was in a hurry to leave. That little prick was fucking the bar cat.
For what it's worth, it's either Fairy or Faerie.  I don't think faery is well-attested.  :P
Heard it as: .A man walks into a bar with a box in his hands. Inside the box is a gold lamp, and a man, only a foot tall, playing a miniature piano. He sits down and the bartender looks puzzled and asks him about it. The man tells him "I have this lamp, when you rub it a genie comes out and grants you one wish." Intrigued, the bartender replied "Cool! Mind if I try?" So the man lets him try it. The bartender rubs the lamp and out comes the genie, the bartender promptly wishes for an unlimited supply of booze. Suddenly hundereds of boxes of sneakers appear. "What the hell is wrong with this thing?!" Says the bartender, "I wanted booze, not shoes!" To which the man replies, "And do you think I really wanted a 12 inch pianist?"
You didn't hear it as that, that's just a different joke.
Pathetic.. didn't understand the joke or where the humour is.
The joke is that Italians speak with their hands.  Ever seen a stereotypical driving scene in Hollywood version of Italy?  When people get upset, they start gesturing with their hands in tandem with their words.
Did you just call yourself pathetic?
Nope. I was addressing Pathetic to respond to my question. Thank u your for replying. 
I would hate to strand on an island
Then how did he talk to the Greek? 
Why the hell did a tribe interrogate 3 stranded men in the first place?!?!.Just what sort of information did they have!!?
And how did they speak Greek, French and Italian?
Seen same joke but different background..A british spy, a french spy and an italian spy are caught by germans. They interrogate the french spy, they tie his hands and legs to a chair. After an hour of beating, he tells them everything. Then they do the same thing with the british spy, except he lasts four hours before giving up. Then they try the italian spy. But after six hours of torture, the germans give up and put him back with the others. The other spys ask "How did you do it?" The italian responded "I wanted to but they tied up my hands"!
This one makes more sense since they would have important information. This one makes no sense. 
It could be better for clarity purposes if you changed the first "this one" into your, or something similar.
Commenting to remember this joke!
"The fuel's gone bad."  What?
They look at the computer engineer who says "Yeah, I ran a diagnostic while you were yapping and the car's computer says...." Sorry, the guy who usually explains jokes is busy and asked me to fill in.
Computer says no.
"Maybe we need to close all the windows and then reopen them?"

you can save it
On baconreader?
The car then miraculously worked.
It was a microsoft car.  The windows all turned blue and everyone died.
Being an electronics tech, I completely empathize with this comment. Then when a layman asks why it worked, you reply with, "It really really upset the gremlins."
Being an engineer, that's one of my favorites!  I always get in the middle of it and (having forgotten) realize I have to make something up for the 3 'explanations' - never the same joke twice :)  
Gotta love those id-10t errors and PBKACs.
I always told them it was an RTFM error.
Fuel can go bad.
Not in the middle of driving.
If the fuel has too much water a vehicle will lose power while driving..Source: it happened to me 
Happens more often than you think in planes. You gotta check the Damn fuel tanks every day to make sure the stuff is still good.
I saw that video, too..Fuck it, have an upvote.
Plagerjoke
What?! We can only tell new stuff here?.I get yr point; ripping a joke from y'day's front page is lame. But it's all recycled
What is this a reference to?
someone posted a video yesterday of a young man doing a comedy show comprised of mostly one-liners and puns.  the video was on the front page for a large part of the day.  this was one of those jokes.  
At least give credit
Why not "Cold War US"? Didn't they "win" the Cold War?
according to expendable 2, Cold War Russia had a mine with 4 tons of plutonium in it 
Link please?
I had to say this outloud to get it.
They died at the same time, but the pope is first? 
So if you walked into Starbucks at the same time as someone else through a double door and there was only one cashier, would you both order your coffee at the same time? 
Hell no. I let the other person order first...then I stab them in the butt and make off with their coffee. 
Also, the huge mansion was built next to a school. 
A school in heaven would be the saddest place ever :(
Recess all day and free ice cream. 
All those new atheists...
Never mind!
You need somewhere for all the kids of school shootings 
NSA
Don't clown around about circus fires... 
For both it's hard to come and go.
Both give me an erection.
Are great when you're feeling down.
Been to Disneyland, 4 hour wait for them to tell the ride is broken.
Goodbye!
Can't tell if anti joke or I'm dumb
Hope it looks 
This is totally a really deep dry sarcastic pun meant to indirectly expose the hypocritical way we enjoy our lives while the totalitarian government who partitions information in such a way that Edward S... Wait... Wrong post.
I will meet you down by the docks later brother.
... all I can come up with is a pun on the dish pad thai...?
That's it.
*lose.
Loose describes a shoelace.
I feel like 80% of America doesn't know how to spell "lose", "definitely", and "ridiculous", as well as "could've", "should've", "would've", or "must've." Or how to use an apostrophe.
You know, other countries speak English too.
or bowel movement
or whore.
Then the quarterback reveals that he was using Base 11 and takes off in the rocketpack that he designed and built himself.
And the coach reveals that he thought he was using base 9 and does the same.
smashed his head on the ceiling, cracking his skull and then walks out of the door.
With the donkey
This joke doesn't do it for me. 

I don't get it.
Don't ask don't tell.
Well he wouldn't have jumped that much if they lubricated...
Good joke. Would have fit also at .  
i don't get it, english isn't my first language
I must be dead inside I didn't laugh
Things have been a little Queer since the Government repealed Don't ask, Don't tell.
OP: So all paratrooper instructors are gay?.Instructor: Hell no! You're gay for letting me stick it up your ass.....makes me sick
And they thought the . was rough....
This is my guaranteed "goto" joke.  Never fails.
He took one in the bum rather than jump..He jumped a little when it went in.
Why the fuck did I click on the extra link?? What the hell did I expect?!
[deleted]
That's because it does not have a weed eater..Comment changing edit.
i dont get it
anal sex without lube can be painful
Don't gag don't yell
got it, thanks
Does anyone else notice that there are a lot of jokes that end with gay sex?
Your life is a joke and all the gay sex is in the middle. Explain that.
Really?!? Where?!?

Well what cums at the end?
You're half right, because I am actually gay. 
lol thats a good one thanks for the link
:) no problem
And then the father fainted.
reminds me of "Gay or not gay" by King Missile
Watching porn with other guys, even if there are girls in the room, is gay.
Watching porn, even gay porn, with one or more other women only is staright.
lmao glad someone enjoyed it
Ugh it's so offensive, huh? Everyone on this subreddit is a homophobic shitlord! /s
One issue, your first jump is out of a plane, jumping off buildings is way more dangerous. You could remove the section about jumping off structures and it really wouldn't alter the narrative at all.
Buildup is a thing, you know
Then get lost.
You get lost. This website is for fun/laughter/news and stimulating conversation. Not being a dick.
Ha :D
Uh, what? Before you jump out of planes, you jump off various platforms and towers in Army Airborne School.
Seriously? Because I can just go skydiving and my first jump and all my future jumps will be from a plane with varying amounts of safety equipment and/or experts strapped to me. I assumed military training would be somewhat similar.
The difference is training on person for freefall at a high price and a lot of people for static line. Static line can be a lot more dangerous as you don't have any control on where you land. The structures jumping is to practice PLFs
From the . website:
I haven't thought about jump school in a long time. Reading this description really brought back some memories.
All I could do was start singing cadences. The first two that popped in my head were: . and .    .Of course, my mind wandered off to: .     .Good times. Here, have a beer. Well, crap, it won't go through the screen. Guess this orange arrow will have to do.
 funny!
That father is a really annoying listener
Shut up, dad. Let him tell the story.
Im sorry... would you like a reach around instead?
I think there's something I'm not getting..
Relevant username, op.
The big guy fucked the paratrooper and he jumped a little when the cock went in his ass. The paratrooper telling the story took the question his father asked "Did you jump?" to mean a different thing than the father intended (which was asking if the paratrooper jumped out of the plane). The paratrooper would rather take anal than jump out of a plane. 
I understood it as he enjoyed it so he stopped jumping.
Ah, I thought so.
No you didn't.
I was in the same boat as this guy. All that reading wasn't worth a mediocre pun.
as a consolation prize have a limp biscuit
Well no, not me personally, but this guy I know, he GOT. THE. JOKE!
WOOOO EEE
No. No he didn't.
......But you can imagine what it'd be like if he did
WangJustice! Smiting evil with his mighty Rod of Righteousness..or maybe just an immature asshole who thinks a superhero who cock slaps people would be fucking funny
...Sounds like something Stan Lee would totally write
Tagged you, "mighty Rod of Righteousness"
awsome!
The superhero the world deserves, not the superhero the world needs. 
No it isn't. Not at all.
But your stuck with me. so . up! .haha! you see what i did there? did ya? did ya? =p
I think you have just named my dick.
Rod of Righteousness?
"Fucking Funny"
My job here is done!
Text is never NSFW...
Another person who is not actually at work and doesn't actually need NSFW tags. 
it is when your company scans everything that goes through the network including text.your IT says to stop reading reddit at work thanks
Thank god Im the IT lol
In can be useful when telling jokes. I've opened this subreddit up when I need to find a quick joke, and knowing if the joke is dirty or not (nsfw or sfw) can be helpful dealing with certain audiences.
Not safe to read aloud at work = NSTRAAW
shit piss cunt fuck cocksucker motherfucker tits
to these people NSFW= kliC pron HeeRE!!.  
Like I said, it's just people who are not actually at work or don't actually read Reddit at work, and they don't understand what NSFW is actually for..I find it hilarious when people get upset when it's gore and not tits, as if gore is okay for people to look at while at work.
Yeah what's with this .?
I always assumed that in this sub it differentiated R-Rated jokes from G-Rated ones.
99% of the time it's not....  But there are certain cases where it actually is.
I appreciate the tag. Sometimes I sit with my mom and read her jokes from here and the nsfw tag keeps me from starting a joke I wont be able to finish with her... thanks 
Very welcome my friend
But jokes can be.
[deleted]

I will fully admit I'm new... this was my first link thingy so I apologize if i marked it wrong.
I actually was at work when i posted this
I wasn't talking to or about you though...
LIES!
No, you marked it right. It should be applied liberally. But for some reason, some people get really upset when they don't see tits on a website. 
Then don't read it out loud at work.
fine its NSFW only for people that have Read Aloud installed
It is for some people, the tag doesn't hurt anyone..Get over it already.

you too? I love that shit...
The NSFW tag is so people who don't want to view that content can avoid it. Therefore, it should be used liberally. It is NOT, and has NEVER been, an indicator saying "tits here!". Is it really so terrible for you that you didn't see tits in this link? . There. Enjoy, you sad, sad, little man.
It must be some kind of accomplishment to have the top rated tits on Google.
Any comment thread on reddit could be NSFW, and most seem to be. Application of the tag hides this post from people who have an NSFW filter set up, and from my experience most people on reddit wouldn't consider text to be NSFW, so I consider this a frivolous use of the tag..Also, in response to your "tits here" argument, ..
Point has been made already. Wont Tag NSFW anymore got it....The horse died yesterday. you can cease flogging it
First, some people DO consider some text NSFW (myself included), and so it is..Second, like I said, there's no such thing as "frivolous use", because it's better to be extra cautious with the tag. And I didn't commit a strawman, because that wasn't part of my argument. The first two sentences were the argument, the third was a factual statement relating to the argument which also attacked a potential counterargument, and the remainder was me insulting iWinAtMarioKart.
Ever heard of the Boy Who Cried Wolf? As more and more tame posts tagged, some people will adjust their thresholds accordingly and start to take riskier clicks, leading to some undesirable outcomes if they view the wrong picture while their boss happens to be walking by..We need a graduated NSFW system with objective standards so that it's not subject to wildly varying standards from the more conservative (OMG, this joke has dirty words, better tag it!) to the more lenient (Whatever, her bush is covering most of her vag, no need for a tag)..It reads like the third sentence was part of your response to iWinAtMarioKart, what with you going on to say "Is it really so terrible for you that you didn't see tits in this link? Here are some tits.[1] There. Enjoy, you sad, sad, little man.".Sounds like you were speaking to IWAMK directly. So if you aren't guilty of committing a strawman fallacy, you should work on your writing to more clearly get your point across.
I agree we need a standard, but the admins refuse to set one. Therefore, you should keep it liberal, and if it's something you're worried about, don't click.
I agree that it's better to have false positives filtered out than false negatives getting through and getting someone fired, so I'm all for erring on the conservative side. But this joke errs too far and devalues the tag, IMO.
I disagree. I think it's perfectly reasonable that even the concept of this kind of thing could be found NSFW.
So would you tag this text post NSFW then?
I wouldn't tag it, but someone who would consider it NSFW would.

LOVE THIS!
No3 is a honey.
And here I was thinking those were gonna be some cute little birdies.
Dude, NSFW that link pls.
Original post is NSFW, therefore all sublinks are automatically considered as such.
I think he meant linking to a google search. now we are on the NSA grid dickhead
maybe he was being ironic?
I'm well aware, just taking the time to educate about one of the most misunderstood things on reddit.
Thanks, I actually didn't realize that about the original post sub links thing.
It's pretty much implied. In subs that use the NSFW tag as a spoiler tag, it's also assumed that every comment is a spoiler as well.
nice save.
^.I thought it was pretty obvious.
eh better safe then sorry
Your name kinda fits with the story....it's apparently not the only thing that "fits" in this story.
indeed
First I was safe...then I was sorry.
I recommend you always use protection regardless
He's mocking you because you used 'then' instead of 'than'.
I got that... still not going to fix it
You monster...
RAWR! 
The big NSFW tag in red is way more "not safe for work" than any text will ever be
 I'm so sorry! If I promise to never ever do it again, will you resume tickling my balls ?
 you okay?
lol in the head? not at all
And WangJustice was served that day...
Totally stealing that line
Just.... dont repeat it every time a waitress brings you a beer..Sounds like a catch phrase from Venture Bro. Followed by Samson telling the wannabe hero 'Would you knock it off!'
OP doesn't have a weed eater. 
I lolled
lol
.... how did you know?
It's a reference to a joke posted a while back. 
What was the joke?
2 days ago is 2 years internet time

This joke is funny but the professor obviously doesn't have a good grip on logic.
Neither does the second redneck (fallacy of the inverse), but we can't hold that against him obviously (first-year student; redneck). 
Screw that mess. Sharpen your pitchforks, someone on the internet is wrong.
If it's meant to be deductive reasoning, then the professor is lousy at logic (not that it disrupts the joke).  If it's abductive reasoning, then they're fine..I try to keep my pitchfork sharp enough for bizarre nitpicking, but too small for mob action.
House =/= Wife
Logic. 
Hadn't seen this on here... one of my favs. Sorry if a repost
I'm going to have to share this with my buddies. 
Is that all you're going to share with your buddies?.You could always reenact the joke with your buddies. You know, for science.
I didn't believe I could have stated it any clearer. 
He's making a gay joke.
Retelling, not repost, well done.
Thanks. First heard that from a former marine... He tells it way better than I could replicate
Ron White tells a really great version, I've been working on my delivery. It helps to have a scotch & cigar in hand
Haven't heard it. I'll have to check it out.
Of course it's one of your favs OP.
I too like it.
Of course! =P
with a name like wangjustice how could it not be?
"OP is a faggot" possibly applies here...Edit: TIL faggot + OP = -170
How did this get downvoted so much? I thought it was funny
-100 downvotes? Is this a new record?!
Someone has never seen 
Oh, you sweet summer child. 
You obviously haven't met FabulousFerd.
Clearly few others did.
Hm? I'm not sure I follow, sorry
He blatantly stated the message FoundWaldoOnce was implying
Hey you actually answered my question w/out insulting me also thanks
I hate negativity. Become enlightened, not belittled.

I thought it was funny
Eh, I think it's been pretty played out.
Only for you. But you're such a wonderful bottom, who could resist?.Edit: grammar
Won't the bushy peepee be a tad annoying?
*you're   .And I'm vers.
nice catch... thats what i get for trying to squeeze in too much reddit while working
Are you Mr. Slave?
"Nguyen" is a common Vietnamese surname. It is a pun for a "win-win" situation, where the two people marrying each other have the last name Nguyen. 
 how you pronounce that name?  Wow...
It really depends, I have many vietnamese friends who pronounce it differently. I've heard nuyen, gwen, nuen, nugen... it really depends on the family
Seeing as how I'm Vietnamese, I enjoyed this joke very much.
It's kind of pronounced like "win" but with an accent over the e. This is how it's correctly spelled: Nguyn. But I've never met another person (who wasn't Vietnamese) that pronounced it right though. So I just tell them it's "win".
when saying it, you should start of trying to say N 'nnnn' but not say that and instead proceed to say 'ggg' and not say that and say a  short 'u' and then 'yen'.  That is what I claim, as someone who knows nothing about vietnam or vietnamese or anything in the far east.
It's the equivalent of the Chinese word  which is pronounced win or wen.
awful
This is probably funnier if you just describe the women and ask the question of your audience instead of it being a story. It's a similar set-up to . over on ..
thanks for the tips, I'm quite shit at this, I'm learning though.
Learner?
In South Africa we refer to school kids as learners and university goers as students. Subtle differences
Wow. Sexist and racist.
Yeah. . . This joke might not fly with everyone. . . 
I'm Chinese and this is definitely one of the better jokes. .I've mentioned this before but Asian jokes usually fall in the category of "Ching chong ding dong" your language sounds funny. 
Yeah, this one gave me a mild chortle. But to be honest, I'd be genuinely more entertained if asian jokes were a little deeper than ching chong chang :l
Racist? A little, but it's in good fun, a harmless joke. But sexist? How?
Classic
I thought the broccoli was a reference to the woman's bush.

So racist, but so true :). I'm saving this for my asian friends.
Ror.   I raughted so roud ....
Shitty delivery
I'm sure you meant to say shitty 
City Wok are doing takeout now?
I would like the city chicken and the city beef prease.
I would rike the Mongorian beef.
God damn mongorians! 
Prease type in engrish.  I cant understand a word of what you peopre are saying.
Umm...yeah, i kinda don't.....get it.
Chinese Restaurants tend to have lots of item on their menus and are often numbered.
Chinese restaurant. Order #69
AH, I see.
Never seen that on a Chinese menu. 
If you're serious about not getting it and not making another joke, the premise is Chinese restaurants (especially takeout/delivery) have long menus that often list everything by number, usually with upwards of one hundred options.
Why do you wanna rape your slaves...? Don't they have it tough enough?
Maybe that's what they're there for

I produce natural Logs at least once a day
yeah, his mate was even worse. HE got it with logs.
I heard this one as: what does a mathematician do when he's constipated?----he works it out with a pencil.
Was it a #2?
Ha!
Hall & Oatmeal Raisin.  
Wow, that bombed. Guess I'd better not give up the day job just yet..Edit: Woo, people get it! :)
I love this joke!
So telling it to my friends!
If what you're trying to reference hasn't been on the front page, no one is going to get it.
Aw man, don't joke about oatmeal raisin, I offered him one of those once and he gave me a look not dissimilar to that of a smackhead on a come-down being offered a paracetamol.
I don't know why you've been downvoted to 0 for this, I think it's a bit mean and some people need to brush up on their reddiquette...
System of a Cookie.Slipkookie.(K)or(n)eo.Cookie Talent.V-Cookie.Cookie Undead.Hollywood Uncookie.MC Cookiegina.Cookie Lajoie.All MCs ever (Master of Cookies)
aha children were expecting the answer 'poop'.
What's brown and runny?.Usain Bolt
DR. DRE MUTHA FUCKAAAAAA
More appropriate, I would have thought...
I expected 'Lion'. 
I just gotta win 9 more times to get the big animals. 
[deleted]
I've had to post this twice today...
Got the joke, but I don't have the patience to check... is it ladle or ladel?
ladle is the correct spelling. I misspelled it in the title.
I heard this but with a gay male housemate
Ladle.
i heard this one before but the story line was much more beefed up. 
I wrote this from memory from an email forward my mom got a few years ago.
I for one appreciate brevity
Paddy is the term for an Irish man only
I think it's "pass me the tea, bag".
Wouldn't Irish Paddy say ."Pass me the milk, milk.".Because the others didn't say what CREATED the substance, they just repeated it.

By saying honey/sugar/cow, they are referring to their spouse, as in, "., can you pass me the salt." They all ask for the item which happens to have the same name as the nickname whereas the irishmen call their significant others "cows" instead of something sweet like sugar or honey.
By saying honey/sugar/cow, they are referring to their spouse, as in, "., can you pass me the salt." They all ask for the item which happens to have the same name as the nickname whereas the irishmen call their significant others "cows" instead of something sweet like sugar or honey.
Wat

What?
A stereotype is that black guys like afros (google that).
Astroturf is a synthetic ground used for sports.
Anyone that didn't get it, urinate= you're an 8
To be honest, I think the punchline is less funny than what fat carl had to contribute.
But Johnny said tits..Instant win.
Anyone hear about the gay sperm whale?  He bit the end off a submarine and sucked out all the seamen.
I feel at home with this joke. 
Reminds me of this joke for some reason..Two whales are in a bar. One looks to the other and says "OOOOOOHWEOOOOOOHOHWEOOOHWEOH", which caused the second whale to turn around.The second whale said "Goddamnit Frank, yer already drunk!"
are these two whales from Scotland by chance?
[deleted]
I feel like I should have something to say here.
Haha I get it because sex!
I'll see myself out.
Haha good one. Was expecting:.I was in a pub the other night. Had a few brews when I noticed two rather large women by the bar..They both had strong accents so I asked,  Hey, are you two ladies from Scotland?.One of them chirped:  Its WALES you friggin idiot!.So, I immediately apologized and said, Sorry, are you two whales from Scotland?
I'm tired of these mom jokes
I love whale jokes..Two whales are drinking in a bar.  One whale goes "OOooooooooeeeeeeeeuuuuuuueeeeeuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu Oooooooeeeeeeuuuuu"..The other one goes "Shut up Frank, you're drunk.".Two whales are swimming in the ocean when one says to the other "Hey dude, check out that hot whale over there!".The other goes "Eww dude you into fat chicks?"
I like
I also like
I also also like very.
I know.  Some people just can't tell the difference between water and water. 
BLARGA.That's how you laugh in whale!
Sounds Like one of them is a killer whale.
... Were you expecting people to find that funny?
Yes'm
Yeah, a whale laugh is more like "OOOOOoooooooooooooooooooooOOOEEEEEEEEEEEEEEOoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooOOOOOOOEeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEoooooooOOOeeeeeeeeOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOooooooooooo".
Dori?
Sounds a little Orcaish...
Shut up, Frank, you're drunk.*.*For those who don't know, is from a different whale joke. Two whales walk into a bar, one whale says 'OOOooEEee(etc)', the other whale says 'Shut up, Frank, you're drunk.'
The punch line I use for this one is "Dude, you're fucked up!"
How do you get two whales in a taxi?.Cross the Severn Bridge (to Wales)..Need to be British and to read it aloud to get that I guess.
nope you don't need to be british to get it, i am norwegian and i found it hillarious
Let me revise slightly and say one needs knowledge of British geography.
I am Indian and I too found it hilarious.
Huh.  In Texas, you can get two whales in a taxi just by showing up at Walmart with a taxi.  :-)
From Texas, can confirm
Did you get this from Eli's Dirty Jokes?
Saw that episode, but knew the joke before hearing it there
but decided to post it AFTER seeing it.
Welcome to the Internet. 
OH SHIT YOU'VE CRACKED THE CASE SOMEONE CALL THE POLICE 
DOWNVOTE EVERY POST AND ALL COMMENTS ON REDDIT FOREVER. THATS WILL SHOW YOU. 
And the award for most interesting username goes to...
u/MitchC227
Thanks u/CHEWS_OWN_FORESKIN
Maybe he realized he was gay?
The joke is kind of crude and funny, but the punchline asks a little too much work from the listener (I assume you're telling the joke to someone) for it to have an immediate impact.
No... Just stop...
Does that mean he would have rather gone to jail?
It means he fainted. 
 BAD REDDITOR, BAD!
It's perfect for lowering my karma score when my comment karma gers above 420
Haha...420420 is the way to go.

Yes.
I have two..Q: Why are the streets in Paris lined with trees?.A: So invading armies can march in the shade..And my favorite:.Going to war without the French on your side is like going fishing and forgetting your accordion.
Dont put me in salad! 
I gotta hand it to you
Nice. This reminded me of a certain family guy ep.
Nice, but the pickle in your example . a cucumber at the start.
Change pickle to cucumber and cucumber to carrot and you've got a working joke again.
Nice!!
To anyone wanting to recite this joke but doesn't know a welsh accent. you could pronounce it:."It's Whey yulls, Stew ped"
I thought the "Two Whales" joke was this one.
I bet that's all you remember.
Haha. And Speaking of...
I posted this joke a couple of weeks ago. I think I deleted it, didn't go down too well.
I'll be honest, that reminded me of this :) 
IRL, the fatty would have smashed a gless in his gob
Yeah, it's definitely not an original aha :) but it's a good one, so I thought I'd share.
Me trying to tell this joke: 
So guys, two whales are at a bar...
Groan :)
"larger?" why not just say fat? you call them whales in the joke anyway.
[deleted]
...In the title of the post.
My bad.

Dafuq?
Um.
The punchline is less expected this way.
Yup, i tought OP was talking about their height
You stole that from Mock the week 
Granted, im only sharing because im pretty sure not everyone watches it. If you dont like the joke downvote and move on.
Done, have a great day 
the woman fainted.
And fell of the cliff..Everyone's a winner.
The woman fell on the tramp. They both died. Such is life, no potato.
Is happy, I get both their potato ration. Now have 1/216 of potato.
Please share, I have kids and home..But home is hole. And kids is hallucination from malnutrition..Hole is dark. And cold.
The same thing happened at my job when I put my dick in the dishwasher!
And when I put my dick in the pickle slicer!
And when i put my dick in the oven! 
I get it..Because she was ., right?
She was a Jew.
Oh..That...That's also valid.
That made me say "ooooohhhh" in a black man sty-le out loud...............I'm not racist!
the fuck?
Ba-dum-tsssss!
Well...wasn't expecting that.  Fuck it, have an upvote.
What is a leper
A person with leprosy. .For more info: 
OP. lmao. 
ewww
I've spent hours in cooking for nothing, just not gonna be hungry for days.
I just threw up a little...
Me too.... I honestly don't think I'll be able to finish my lunch...
But it was the most delicious leper meat he'd ever had? Why would that gross you out? 
Damnit. Every time I see "A man is wandering in the desert" I'm hoping it's the longest joke in the world..It never is.

I was just thinking that. I love that joke so much
I've realized that that reminds me of The Little Prince, and for that reason I have a pretty fond opinion of it, even though I've only read the first half of the joke and then skipped to the end....Actually, the joke might be longer than the novel!
Link?

Read the entire thing. Worth it.
It'll be at some point. Better late than never, eh?
Better nate than lever.
You actually need a spoiler tag! 
this made my day.
This isn't nearly as funny when stripped of the GLaDOS context.
Fair enough.
That's an antijoke
It would be so good to follow this up with something he could say on his way home.. (any ideas anyone?)
Hi ho, hi ho, I'll be over in an hour or so
The Holocaust. 
Whats better than roses on your piano?
Tulips on your organ?
A shrimp in your jockstrap
cancer.
Lobsters in your piano
Technically correct, the best kind of correct.
Hold on, I got that around here somewhere...
Ewwww...
Ask him to show you his bone.
"Annyong."
- Annyong Bluth
Heard this in a different language. 
Why did it have to be Luigi?
Mario puts the holes there
What?

Supposed to be butt hole not cheek. 
[deleted]
A lot of jokes are about ethnic jokes for no reason because different groups have traditions about joking about certain groups, often ones with thick accents..That being said, rednecks are a pretty reasonable choice. They're perceived to be uneducated, which would lead to misunderstanding of the Heimlich maneuver, and are also noted for different pronunciations/mispronunciations, which makes it believable that one might have heard a friend pronounce "Heimlich" strangely.
I gave you an upvote because of your name. :D
Rectum? Damn near killed'em!
I actually got to use this phrase in a real-world conversation this weekend. I was ecstatic.
Story. Now.
My stepmom mixes words up a lot. So she calls crotch rocket motorcycles rectum rockets..She was telling us about a guy on a "rectum rocket" that flew down their street, followed by a cop.  Not a great story, honestly. But the bike skidded and she said the guy "fell off his rectum rocket", so I had that one in a million opportunity for the comeback.
That's awesome!
Good one.  That's going out to all my friends.
What do you call a stupid irishman.Bill O'Reilly.
What do you call 2 gay Irishmen?.Patrick Fitzgerald and Gerald Fitzpatrick.
:) 
Lag costs me 3 karma. Goddamnit.
COCK
I ALMOST feel sorry for the guy. 
Haha, accidental double post?
Yeah, what the hell?
The better ending would be if policeman said that his wife is a bitch too and let him go. Or tased her for interfering and for the hell of it a few shots of pepper spray with friendly "Stop resisting" whisperings
Not very funny
Guys, I think I found the guy who got cheated on by his wife
Sounds like my wife.
It happens
:( I hope people understand it. I will not delete it.
I thought it was going to end up as a GG cop story where the car is actually in her name so she gets the tickets and he was just letting her bitch her way right into it.
this is why gays shouldnt marry
Troll account, just tag and ignore.
I was getting increasingly angry at the woman. Shut it!
I noticed. I noticed. 
After coming to a stop, a police officer approaches the car. The man asks, "What's the problem officer?" .Officer: "You were going 75 miles an hour in a 55 mile an hour zone. I'm afraid I'm going to have to ticket you." .Man: "No sir, I was going a little over 60." .Wife: "Oh, Harry. You were going at least 80." .(The man gives his wife a dirty look.) .Officer: "I'm also going to give you a ticket for your broken tail light." .Man: "Broken tail light? I didn't know about a broken tail light." .Wife: "Oh, Harry. You've known about that tail light for weeks." .(The man gives his wife another dirty look.) .Officer: "I'm also going to give you a citation for not wearing your seat belt." .Man: "Officer, I just took it off when you were walking up to the car." .Wife: "Oh, Harry. You never wear your seat belt." .The man turns to his wife and yells, "For cryin' out loud, can't you just shut up?!" .The officer looks at the woman and asks, "Ma'am, does your husband talk to you this way all the time?" .Wife says, "No, officer. Only when he's drunk."
I submitted the joke via Alien Blue. Appeared properly formatted on my iPhone. I just checked it on my desktop. Yuck. I now understand why Probable reformatted. Why does this happen on Alien Blue?
I don't understand what's going on lately, but I haven't been able to sign into my account on Alien Blue for a couple weeks.  It keeps saying I put the password in wrong...  I'm pretty sure that's not true.  
I think Alien Blue might have been abandoned...
i hope not ab is the tits
Oh, maybe not! The last post by . was 2 hours ago. Maybe there just isn't enough people sending bug reports/feature requests.
Im on Alien Blue and it looks good to me
Ditto.  I'm ALWAYS on alien blue. 
You're alright for a foreigner...
It's probable...
That you're alright or that you're a foreigner?
He's probably an alright foreigner
Everybody is a foreigner from someone's perspective.
God damn. lol. I'm surprised it didn't end with him saying "You may as well get me for domestic violence too" Then he beats his wife or something.
And then fucks his daughter in the back seat.
What the hell, man?
That's what she didn't say, because she was still-born
I for one respect how you doubled down on darkness.
Thank you good sir
The police officer fainted!
And you're fucking gay!
And they both got downvoted the end
Yeah I wasn't expecting the downvotes... I just knew that everyone downvoted the dumbasses that comment "And then blah blah fainted!/took and arrow to the knee!" but oh well.
I was hoping someone replied Hooray to continue the rhyme .to .Hooray!.It rhymes . Reddit this is why we can't rhyme cause you act like it's a mothaf**king crime'
Downvoted again. I quit.
Everybody has a few downvotes. Just learn from em'.

I wish people would allow me to, by leaving feedback on . they downvoted. Also, is your username in reference to the Odd Future song?
Ha, it is. And yeah man, you were just very uncalled for :p
Because you seemed like a bit of a dick. 


Because you were being outwardly homophobic.

I actually wanted to tell her to shut up while reading the joke.
Pretty dark, but I could see it going there. 
Anything unrelated to elephants is irrelephant.
Made me giggle, upvote for you!
Aww.. ..
That was African terrible.
This made me laugh, the joke didn't
That's African terrible play on words, it didn't even make sense.
Kenya believe it!
Funny thing is this actually happened 
At least something about it was funny!!
[deleted]
It have him cancer. 
It wasn't thaaaat bad dude. There have been a lot worse
I don't even get it....
Read the joke out loud
"African" sounds like "a fricken"
Basically the same thing as "death by snu-snu"
Lol fuck that is so funny. Heard it before though it was a different version. 
but he specifically chose not mogambo.  the chief viola.. oh who cares!
But that's not even funny
Errr could someone explain this one to me? 
To dumb for jokes
Don't be a dick.
too dumb to spell correctly
*Too
The lawyer set fire to his home to get the insurance. He assumes the engineer somehow created a flood just to get the insurance money.
Insurance fraud
That's the punchline, in the title.
bemused is not opposite of amused
When the joke included a talking, football playing chicken, I expected much more 
Haha, sorry, the joke is actually from an accountancy blog I follow, so it's made for us acc nerds in mind :D
Just a better punchline would of been prefered. Don't you worry, you have still earned a upvote. 
So does this mean time travel never happens?
Basically, yes, unless time machines in the future require a receiving end to be built.
This shouldn't have made me laugh
worst joke ever
I guess you can say he BIRDS his feelings away
According to the other guys you can't. 
No you can't.
No you can't.
No you can't.
That doesn't even make sense
Yes, it should. Embrace the giggles.
No you can't. 
Sounds pretty similar to a joke I heard on MASH.
But he got it completely backwards.
BJ told it better.
No way, Hawkeye made it funnier!
What season was it from?
Season 8, titled "Dear Uncle Abdul". :)
Damn... I'm only on season 2...
Enjoy it! It's one of my favorite Sitcoms ever.
It's so funny!
haha at first i read it as "well thanks anyway 'and dies' and i literly just laughed four 15 minutes straight HAHHAHAHAHAHAHA still cracks me up to think about not sure why OP decided too go with him flying, seems a little random, shood have died lol
Bird impression... Birds fly... Dying is a . more random in my opinion.
You realize he's a troll, he has -4,000 comment karma and with a name like laxbro1999, it has to be fake, unless he truly is 14
I just wanted him to feel dumb... I didn't look at his profile, oh well.
In only 11 days? That's got to be some kind of record.
Are you sure you were walking?
You should be more careful.

Anyone else read that in an Indian accent?
I read it without any accent.
Haha xD I'm half Indian, just don't have the accent.
Prime suspect: Hawaiian
I would have thought an Italiano...
Am I crazy or would the punchline work slightly better as ". Juan"?
You're not crazy.
I think the last dozen times this joke was posted, it was "just Juan"
Who cares 
No Juan. 
Is there supposed to be a joke in there.
too soon.
For naughty parties, you can invite guests to look at the rings around Uranus.
Hopefully no one Mars the mood..Like last time when someone Saturn the cake..So watch Uranus to make sure we don't have a repeat.
I thought this was . and expected serious discussion.
Holy murg
In a more bilingual way, Gosht means meat.And here is how to cook ghosts
All I could think off was Ke$ha
He slipped on some Greece and hit his head on conCrete. 
I saw it happen, and iran
I was Russian too.
Anyone want dubai some qatars? I am syria, I am super syria.
Shame though. I was pretty Hungary.
I wonder if they sell Turkey
Wow... dark! 
I like it! ANOTHER!
Old but gold (y)

yer
Damn you, OP. In spite of my dignity, I laughed. Nicely done.
this joke gave me cancer
Q: What do you call a Frenchman in sandals? .A: Philippe Flop.
There's a better one 
DOH.
Shoes.
But is he a DOCTOR?
Love it!
They're called jandals!
what about flip-flips?
technically that would be for a guy with two left feet.
For some reason this reminds me of flip flops (binary) and flip flap flops(Ternary).
What do Asians wear on the beach?.Frip-frops.
What does an Asian guy with 2 right feet wear to the beach?.Frop-frops.
The phrase is "two . feet", not right. (Although in that case maybe it would be "flip-flips".)
3 thongs!
Flippers
What does Bill Cosby wear to the beach?.Flip Zip zoobity bop flops
I approve of this joke because it makes the left foot first, and us lefties SHOULD be first.
of course lefties can be first. just step into this specially designed lefty only shower.
I always step into the shower left foot first. 
This subreddit is getting better by the day, seriously.
Whatever's left?
We call them thongs in Australia, so a . would make sense. Then realised what you guys call a thong...
Yeh, different sound altogether.
Definitely . 
A young man was discouraged because he was having no luck with the ladies.  His friend who had no problem with this gave him some good advice, next time you go to the beach put a potato in your speedo..He did this and found that people were actually running away from him in horror :(  When he went over the details with his friend, the friend was killing himself laughing and said, geez mate, you were suppose to put it in the front of your speedo NOT the BACK  :o !!! 
This joke is a flop
What does a horse with 2 right feet wear?
?
Oh god, I subscribed to this months ago and I just now decided to see what it was all about. 
You...  . to it...?.*slowly inches away*
But, I didn't know. T.T .My son is into MLP on Netflix and I stumbled across it with the intent on checking it out layer. I need a bleach shower now.
Good thing you didn't just send him the link... "Hey son, here's a link to an MLP fan forum. Haven't checked it out myself, but should be fun for you!"
Clicking reddit's random button it's amazing how many MLP subreddits there are and no not ones anyone would want to view.
He's...3. Years old. Oh. God.
Oh man, I'm sorry for even bringing that up..I think I need to give myself a bleach shower now as well.
It's all good. Crisis averted. 
To no avail, I'm trying to get the picture of a horse with feet (not hooves) out of my head..
.
Not sure if i should laugh or cry.
Another link that's going to stay blue!
Well, on the work PC at least.
Giggity... ?
I'm.. not entirely sure of how to respond to that?
you ---> 

What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs who goes to the beach to go swimming?.Bob.
Unidentified drowning victim?
a cramped wanker
What do you call two hanging out at the top of the window?.Kurt 'n' Rod.
What do you call a girl with no arms and no legs laying on the beach?.Sandy.
... hanging on the wall? Art.
...outside your door? Matt.
...in your freezer?  Evidence.
...one leg?  Eileen.
Ba-dum,   
Tsssh.That was going to bug me.
..... Japanese with one leg? Irene
...Japanese in the bottom of a sink? Dwayne. 
Leper in a hot tub? Stu
...in the ocean? Bob.
... in a pile of leaves? Russell.

What do you call a French guy at the beach?.Phillipe Fillope.
This shall be my new joke. Flip Flop approves.
Flip flips. 
FTFY
Flipadelphia!
flip flip flipadelphia
Fuhhlipp
Technically that would be 2 left feet. 
Maybe he is also dyslexic.
I hear them make more of a flop-flip noise.
My left foot has always been better than my left one
Nuh-uh!
You hear what you want to hear. If you concentrate, you can hear it either way.
Sounds like flip flip the entire time for me. Well, flipshh flipshh because people are too lazy to pick up their feet.
Q: hat does a dyslexic agnostic insomniac do? .A: Lie awake all night, wondering if there really is a dog. 
fliq-folqs
what if you step with your right foot first?
Then you're wrong.  or a cadet.  Either way, Figure it out, new guy!
flip is on the left of flip-flop so it goes with the left foot 
Then you walk around all day making the noise backwards. flop flip flop flip..If you run backwards: pilf-polf, pilf-polf, pilf-polf
As someone who has run backwards in flip-flops, it would read more like: pilf-polf thud!  Ow fuck!
Haole 
You called it a flip-flop, not a rubber slipper.  Are you a true Hawaiian?  
Is that what that was meant to be?.Because I'm pretty sure aloha backwards would read: ..
Haole is a term Hawaiians call dumb white people.  
Ah. So I guess in this context that would be me.
Slippas, sorry bra.
You like scrap??
swim trunks
So much funnier than the original.
So combine the jokes:.What does a guy with two right feet wear to the beach? 
Flop Flops. 
What else does he wear?
Swimming trunks.
But... everyone will immediately think "swimming trunks" when you ask them the second question.
Then people will look at you and say, "that's not funny."
I should fucking hope so








WHAT IS THIS A SUBREDDIT FOR ANTS!?
That is a fowl joke. .Blarg, now I hate myself. 
=.=' The best joke I've seen all week. 
ba dum, tss
If it's a road construction site, none.
Because nobody WORKS at a road construction site.
I don't know, man. It really lifted my spirits. 
"Honeydew you love me?"."Yes, but I cantaloupe tonight.".Ohohohohoho
"Who you calling a cantaloupe, you melon head?"
"Two melons were in love, and the one asked the other "Why cant we just get married? The other replies : Your a water melon, and I cantaloupe" 
i was thinking the same thing!   ahhh the wise words of screech powers ;)
My dad has been telling us this joke for the last 15 years... a classic I suppose. 
I always heard it as "Why do melons have big weddings?"  Doesn't give away the punchline as much.  
if only he hadn't made that sex tape.....
They don't have legs.
and so they wait until the time is ripe, go forth and bear fruit.
Having a wife is annoying anyway. Honeydew this, honeydew that...
Not if it rolls past a kfc
What do you call 5 black guys sitting on a bench. State prison.
via Redd Foxx
I <3 cannibal jokes
I love the word "brain" as a verb in this context. It's so Three Stooges.
"Brain" is being used as...a verb?
Did anyone else also guess what the last line would be?
I always thought "brain him" had a VERY different meaning
"You can't BOIL them, they're friars!"
Two cannibals are eating lunch and one of them says, "Man, I really hate my mother-in-law." The other one says, "Well then try the salad."
Two cannibals are eating a divorcee, one looks to the other and says "does this taste bitter to you?"
[deleted]
Don't feed the troll.
Impressive.
top lel
Pink fluffy unicorns dancing on rainbows!
You're using gay as a bad term, for one. What are you, 14?
Yeah, only a gay would do something that gay
Just another downvote whore out for summer. Don't give him what he wants, just move along.
I just don't get why he hangs out in .. It's so small, relatively. 
This sub is huge, and his comments take longer to be deleted than in the defaults so he gets more downvotes.
[deleted]

Lots of penis innuendos for you there!
What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend?.Wiped his butt!
'twas a Jeffrey Dahmer joke at one time.............
Except he was gay.
and?
he wiped his butt
Nice joke... I now know three cannibal jokes. The other two are:.1) Two cannibals are eating a clown, one turns to the other and says, "does this taste funny to you?".2) Did you hear about the cannibal who came home late for dinner? His wife gave him the cold shoulder. 
Two cannibals are eating dinner. One says to the other
"I don't like my mother-in-law.".The other replies 
"Then have the noodles instead."
Noodles..Cannibals..Noodles.
Another one: Two cannibals are eating a lawyer. One turns to the other and says "How's the liar?"..Hint: Liar, L(iar)awyer
In my Dublin Irish accent, both words are pronounced the same so that joke wouldn't really work here.
This might be funnier in Tennesee.
My be funnier if he didn't blow it explaining it also.
did you hear about the cannibal in summer school? it was a struggle, but eventually he passed the class
I heard the joke #1 in Fallout 3 by your personal Mister Handy in your house in Megaton/Tennpenny Tower. 
Electrons have mass? I didn't even know they were religious!
Pretty much everything has mass.
A Barack shit'n
Husband answers: "Where is that bastard?".I misread SOB as bastard... still works.
No, no....he called his wife a bitch....just google how to tie a noose.
Maybe she had a womb for went...
Time to bring back the classic insult: whoreson.
haha
That is one awful joke. Seriously. Awful. 
Upvote for username
I get it now. 
_
well im appearantly "that guy". explaination?
lol. I laughed way more at this.
Which guy, the father or the son?
Both. Familyception.
read it again
No I think he's the holy spirit. 
The father, the son and the holy toast 
You see, in this scenario, the mother is mad because her son called her a "whore." Therefore, she tells the son's father, who then asks where the "son of a bitch," is. In so facto, the father, who used the term "son of a bitch," refereed to the son's mother, who was also called a "whore," as a "bitch." .Kind of shows how the apple doesn't fall far from the tree, as they say. 
i think you mean ipso facto, maybe it was an autocorrect
Nah, in so facto, is Redneck Latin.
Ergo in so facto columbo oreo.
Didn't think I'd learn any Italian today.
[deleted]
(I'm implying that Italian is the same thing as Redneck Latin or "Dog Latin". Nationalism for fun and karma.)
frajah le?
Yeah, Italian and other Romance languages developed from "Vulgar latin" as they called it in ancient Rome. So Redneck latin is historically pretty accurate.
I oughthay tiay asway igpay atinlay atthay asway ulgarvay. I uessgay I asway onwray.
A toad a so.
I didn't want to say it, but atoadaso. I fucking atoadaso.
[deleted]
Dont try to beat a good joke with a shitty one, and not expect boo's. 
Someone give this fucking genius gold. In 11 days he has managed to stack up a whopping number of 4 k downvotes! I'm impressed man, i truly am.
He's the next Ferd
I laughed way harder at his version than the original, actually.
Probably cause of his grammar and spelling. 
Nah, the scenario he painted stands on its own two legs. 
I'll feed the troll just because this one sucks at trolling: 
*would
*have
*been
*answered
*for
*for
*our
*son
*whore
*which
Quite a homophobe too I see... Just look at his other comments! They're chock full of homophobic slurs!
I know this is a troll account and all, but this comment was actually pretty funny. Maybe I need to grow up. 
Just look at his other comments. "Its pronounced gif not gif lol" I need to grow up aswell I think
Oh god. I need to read more of this genius's work. 
Some if his comments were kinda funny, yeah. 
Dude....Are you supposed to be a troll?.I'm sad now :( go do something constructive instead of wasting time here trying to piss people off.
His name is laxbro....Specifically laxbro1999
If he's not a troll I feel bad for him.
I'm not sure, I have him tagged on RES as "Doesn't understand humour."
Hey, wait a minute! You're not a shitty human being after all!!
He's a phony!
A BIG FAT PHONY.
Ironically, making him a shitty human being
...
I still hate you <3
It's ok. Deep down, we're all shitty human beings. <3.Just hang in there, bud.
My mother calls me a "son of a bitch.".She doesn't get it.
In all seriousness, my mother once called me a son of a bitch.  ONCE..Then I replied "Yes, yes I am."
I agree, you are.
From the husband's reply, it appears he is sympathizing with his wife, but he is actually further insulting her (calling her a bitch) 
[deleted]
You aren't that funny
At least for you
Your mother calls me a motherfucker.
She does get it. 
Oh she . alright
As a person whom English isn't his native language, for years I thought "Motherfucker" meant "A person whose mother is a fucker/a whore" and not the actual meaning which is "A person who fucks mothers". Since well, you know, the latter meaning isn't as vulgar as the first!
you...fucker-mother?
Not sure if ...
Did you break your arm?

I'm sorry. I'm not trying to sound like a dick and this isn't a shot at you personally but I'm just really sick of that fucking joke.
Me too. It's in every thread and it's not even a good joke.
Me too. It's in every thread and it's not even a good joke.
Where did it come from? I haven't seen it before and I thought it was terrible...
It's the joke from that AMA where a guy claimed he had a sexual relationship with his mother for a number of years. Apparently it all started when he broke both his arms and she masturbated him. It gets brought up all the time. I'd find a link to the original thread for you but I'm on my tablet and i don't know how.
You know what. I'm okay without the link to that. Thank you though.
I'm just gonna leave this here. 
Damnit, you know I had to click it and read up on it.
Plot twist: You broke your arm when you were 14. 
NO. Enough of this... FUCK OFF WITH THESE COMMENTS REDDIT. .EDIT: FUCK YOUR DOWNVOTES. 
How bad is it that I entered this thread expecting a comment like this to show up?
How bad is it that I need the broken arm explained?
It's a good thing. Cherish your innocence. 
not too bad, it happened quite a while ago though you should have heard of it if you frequent reddit (there's a reference in almost every thread).Any way, there was an AMA about a guy who started having sex with his mom after he broke his arms, his mom sensed that he was getting more riled up from the fact that he couldn't masturbate so she started getting him off and before he knew they were having sex regularly..In the end it turned out to be fake but now you know.
How was it discovered that the story was fake? Did he admit to it or something? I missed that update.
I dont quiet remember so I may be wrong on that.
I frequent, but unsubbed ama about six months ago... Read comments on jokes even there are quite a few... Missed this one.  Thanks for the explanation.
I dont remember it being fake.
Probably saw it and didn't think of it
Wait it did?
It was fake?
You motherfucker!
Actually, you can call me dad, you little bastard. 
Coolest Plot Twist ever: Klashnikov is Anpher's real dad.
My worst nightmare: my parents finding my reddit username.
it's okay son, we already know it.
I think it's about time for bed, Yan.
Fuck you Peder or Max
Don't worry, I'm just some random internet stranger who stalked you and found out your name. It only takes like 5 minutes.
brb, deleting Reddit account.
We already know your reddit username, Matthew.
Son pipes up from other room: "I'm in here, ya motherfucker!"
Motherfucker? .I know a thread for that! 
Link please
MY GOSH, that was a horribly erotic/disgusting thread(s) to read...
I found it easy to masturbate to
At least we know your arms weren't broken.
I cant get through a day without seeing that reference
Well... when I said ....
WHAT WAS THE THREAD, GIVE US A LINK

Thank you, good madam..EDIT: Better?
There went an hour of my morning.
I am a woman..edit: removed caps, didn't mean to sound so full of rage.

Plot twist: the son is yelling from inside the womb.
"The call's coming from inside the womb!"
Plot twist: the mother is also inside the womb.
No. Clearly she's not
Shes been concepted: a womb within a womb
of her mother.
Awesome..lol..
Hehehe. Glad you like it :)
I have actually done exactly this. Had a girl that intentionally misbehave in order to get punished, so i stopped punishing her for misbehaving and told her that was her punishment. 
Edit: Spelling
lol :)
Dwarf penis?

Confused boner?
Kermit's frogdick
Good one Hesher
I heard it as "What's green, wet, and smells like bacon?" 
Tangentially, why was Ms. Piggy late for her banquet?.She had a frog in her throat.
Circumferencially anyone?
I'd say something like "quick! Hide them between their legs" and the punchline could be "let's just hope it doesn't kill them." 
Funny..But if you reversed the male female roles, you'd have to put it in . at least. ;)
I heard that on house like ages ago. 
missed telling the audience in the beginning that the gun had blanks the whole time, and it was supposed to just be a test
Then the joke would suck
That would most definitely ruin the punchline. The whole point is that we don't know, and it is revealed with her actually killing her husband.
repost, but funny nonetheless
I feel like that sorta ruins the punchline. 
I think this joke is better when told more subtle: "He fell off of a guard tower" 
I did Nazi that coming.
reminds me of my uncle who died in the world trade center, I Told him not to fly without his glasses.
oh, so did mine, some guard landed on him from a tower..NOTE: he didn't actually die in auschwitz, and i do not condone holocaust jokes, but who cares, it's reddit.
Anne Frankly, I'm not sure how I feel about it.
Every time a joke like this comes up, these same two jokes come up
Au, schwitz.
Ternary, but still a good joke
Thanks bud
I would just say "Because he's illegal"
By the rules of prosody, it would probably be an ill illegal eagle, but if you're Italian and talking to a Mr. Eagle you get to call it Il Ill Illegal Eagle, Eagle.
"Never feed drugs to your eagle." "Why?" "If you do that he will be an ill eagle!"
Well, lick his balls off!

Candy maker? . for you. 
Cover his genitals with boiling sugar. 
"Take him away and impale his genitals with sticks and have him eat it like a lollipop!" 
Yeah, like, what? I don't get it. Why does he seem to think he won't still get a horrific lollipop-related torture death?
He thinks that he will be licked to death.
Sucked.
Something something Dr. House...
Surgeons should be banned from practicing medicine for such silly beliefs
Ha! This is a good one!
Hello there Mr. Buzz Killington
I can only say this for the post: Please move your eyes towards the right of the page - 'You can man up and understand this is a subreddit dedicated to jokes, OR'..Please post only JOKES over here. .Downvoted!
I can only say this for the comment: Either you man up and get that this IS a joke, or...
Please just try to understand it
I can only say this about you. I think you need a few more IQ points... 
I thought I was in .Edit: it was a compliment. I love that sub
Ha, no worries. :)
You could shorten it up and say something like "my surgen friend always tells me he likes operating on politicians because...". 
But I'm biased toward one liners. 
Yea, I guess you could. I don't like one liners very much either. The building up to the punch line always seems to make the joke better. Just my opinion though.
Nah I'm biased in favor of one liners. :P . They say you shouldn't write with an un-sharpened pencil.. There's just no point. 
Yeah don't worry, the OP is an idiot!
Yep, total idiot, have no idea what I am doing. Nothing in my noggin..(This is sarcasm).sarcasm  ./srkazm/.Noun.The use of irony to mock or convey contempt..Synonyms."irony".Since it is obvious you need help understanding a few things here is a little more information..word: Joke.noun/jk/.jokes, plural.A thing that someone says to cause amusement or laughter, esp. a story with a funny punchline
- she was in a mood to tell jokes
 I would really like to believe you're a troll, but after looking at your comment history, I think you're just an idiot.
Isn't it so evident that DeathMaul511 lacks in IQ, when kb-air has clearly written:  'But I'm biased . one liners.'?
But...thats two lines.....
not if it's a really long line.
ohshit
There's our one liner!
Ha, the one place I don't get any karma for posting something is always the one place I always get all the up votes on my posts haha. Oh well, at least this one gave some people a laugh :) Glad you guys liked it.
Sounds like something from M.A.S.H
I rarely ever look at jokes but I'm really glad I checked this one out.
Why are you subscribed to this subreddit...?
It does show up in r/all ... which I browse when I'm exceptionally bored :-)  (but personally I am subscribed to this sub and enjoy it)
Glad you like it, I heard it and was like "OH wow I bet people will like this". At least some like it anyway ha. :)
And you just flush the shit out, then there's nothing much left in them. 
Bahahahaha nice!
St Peter fainted
He's been there for all eternity. He'd seen everything at least once.
You mean my giant fish sculpture is useless?
Was the bike a BMW manufactured by nonunion workers in Greenville, SC?????????
I wonder if Hitler would burn a Kindle?
Now THAT is funny...
Ha! I like it I'm telling this at work tomorrow.
be sure to add the part where St Peter looks into the book and say "I dont see a mention of this anywhere... when did this happen?" And the guy says "like 30 seconds ago"
I feel really stupid for saying this, but I really think I'm missing something here. Care to explain anyone?
He got killed by the bikers.
wow I don't know how that went right over my head. I normally figure out much more complicated jokes than this. Thanks!
No Problem
hahaha omg this is way funnier than when I heard it about 20 years ago
Why would he have to tell an omni-present being anything? Wouldn't they already know? I thought those things were already written in a book that St. Peter has. This person who penned this joke hasn't done their research. 
I can tell your humor level is well below 9000.
Who has time to read books any more?
Now that Steve jobs is there they are upgrading St. Peter to an iPad.  .*Edit-Now that Steve Jobs has been there nearly 18 months, they have taken away St. Peters iPad, and are upgrading him to an iPad 2nd generation.  .**Edit 2-Now that they have upgraded and trained St. Peter, they have taken away his outdated iPad 2nd generation, and are now upgrading him to an iPad 5th generation.  St. Peter, unfamiliar with the new interface accidentally lets three lawyers through.
Okay, St. Peter is not an omnipresent being. Peter, or Kephas, was one of the Twelve Apostles of Jesus Christ. Peter was told by Jesus that he was the rock on which the Church would be built (hence the name change from Simon) and was given the 'keys to Heaven', which meant that what he held true on Earth, Jesus would hold true in Heaven. This is why St. Peter is often said to be at the gates of Heaven- he is supposedly the one who decides if you're in or out.
Ha ha. Loved it!
Dude says he bought WinRar, respawns as 2nd coming of Jesus.
Anyone else a bit disturbed that St. Peter would condone violence toward another human being (i.e. the biker)?
I don't think all physical violence is prohibited in Christian beliefs..Also, it . a joke.
Yeah, I studied the Old Testament, and that God chap gets pretty angry. The familiarity of it doesn't make it less crazy to me, though 
As a Korean, I'm curious as to why you just used Korean characters there instead if just saying something like "lol"?
I'm confused as to what the difference is
Well this is a mostly English-speaking website and many people don't know what that means. 
I'm more confused, as a Korean, why you wouldn't be happy to support using Korean? When I see a language I don't understand used in a manageable way (e.g. three characters), I tend to investigate on my own, not just throw my hands up in confusion. Why not take advantage of the global village and inject some multiculturalism into a popular website?
I never said I wouldn't be happy. In fact I'd be thrilled if it caught on! I was just asking because Hangul is not something I usually expect to see on Reddit threads. 
Ok cool ... as a sidebar here, I think one of y'all following this comment thread decided to visit my userpage and just downvote indiscriminately my last ten or so comments / threads across various subreddits in the past few minutes. I don't care about internet points, but I'll go ahead and admit it's kinda creepy.
Pfft some people think imaginary Internet points online have so much meaning. It's kinda sad. 

It's a joke! 
I'm not offended, as I'm not Christian, but it's a chilling notion, isn't it??
I don't believe that he (st Peter) would think this is even remotely a 'good deed'. Even if the cause for attacking the guy was righteous, he went way to far in causing that biker guy pain. He could've handled it much better. .But for the purposes of the joke, St. Peter considers it a good deed..Edit: we're looking into this too much!
omfg either go back to . or get a sense of humor.
It's not like the guy flooded the world and killed everyone.
....St. Peter?
This joke would work without the recently deceased being violent. He could have walked up to the biker and politely explained why his actions weren't kind and ask him to stop. Everything else stays the same but you lose st. Peter condoning violence which is the only problem with this joke. Still made me laugh! 
Ohh yes, because the Bible is so peaceful......No religious figure would EVER condone violence, I mean what kind of sick bastard tells someone to kill their own child.....
Well, God wouldn't let Abraham kill his own kid, that's why he sent the lamb there instead, to test Abraham's loyalty.
I feel that using violence as a way to prove you belong in heaven is silly. You obviously don't agree and that's ok. I'm not trying to argue with you about fictional characters in a novel even if it is a good book. 
Still with the downvotes? Perhaps not so obvious. Or perhaps reddit is too dense. After all, it is summerreddit
his username..
this is great.
IT WOULD BE BETTER IF HE (OR YOU) KNEW HOW TO CAPITALIZE LETTERS.
WHY ARE WE SCREAMING LIKE THIS?!?!
I DON'T KNOW
calm down
where st peter asks him "son, to let you into heaven you must tell me one good thing you've done on earth" the guy thinks for a minute and replies, "Well, one time I gave an upvote to a guy on r/jokes even though it was an obvious repost, just to encourage someone who was new to the community.".St. Peter fainted.
In my case, the answer would probably be "I once left my uTorrent for te night - only for seeding!"
We Do Not Sow.
you're obviously not a member of any private trackers, brethren. 
Yeah, that comment took me a second to figure out, being used to private trackers
I am not, care to share? :-)
I'm guessing private trackers guarantee at least a few dedicated seeders? 
lol, funny guy!
They require you to seed back at a certain ratio or you get cut off.  In my experiences it varies anywhere from 40% to 80%, depending on the tracker and how many GB you have downloaded.
I sit at 300%, but haven't been part of a private tracker in years. :X
I try to do at least 100%, only for legal data streams of course.
Pm me
It's the MPAA/RIAA! 
Well the new oink url is ..... hey wait a minute, nice try
SCATTER
NO! They're in our territory now! We can beat them here! 
No, we're on an American website. It's their territory.
You're a god among men, sir.
Was the guy an ENGINEER or a DOCTOR?
Is this the new "then they fainted?"
you are the biggest laugh of the day for me.  Thank you..i had seen that other joke this morning and  it was worth the "wtf?" 
LMAO
Thank you for your input, Honorable Chairman. 
Like you give a fuck.
Bahahahahahahaha!
That's like picking between "Are you a BOY or a GIRL?".
This made the joke way better.
This is the new "and then he fainted", isn't it?
FTFY
not since the accident.
oh NOW i get it ....
sad and funny, i got it right away...
I don't :(
Me neither

oh, like the race of two people?
I think the guy that posted the joke was trying to imply that engineers are geniuses and that's why the engineer was able to pull that prank on the doctor. 
Thanks SHERLOCK HOLMES.
In the comments it was clarified that the OP of that joke copied and pasted it. The person who sent OP the joke was an engineer.
So was the reposter a DOCTOR?


Twas only a joke my dear friend.... 
CUZ THEYRE BLACK AND BLACK PEOPLE ARE POOR
This took me a minute. Originally I thought you were referring to a police cruiser.
said the 14-year-old.
ur a gay faggot
WRONG
Which proves his point
 


Why don't black people have dreams?.Look what happened to the last one that did.
Easy now you racist bastards, I have black people in my family tree. They're still hanging there.
Didnt a gorilla shit on your face?
Well that is what they do. Niggers will be niggers.

None, they hide their face in the dark out of shame
Great Coonass names and accents 
Dude, those are obviously Bayou trash names. They don't tell us anything about animals' posteriors.
These are from Quebec, Canada
They eat a lot of gumbo is Quebec?
Nope. But Thibodeaux is about the 2nd most common name in Quebec
I feel like the setup was really stretched out. Or did you mean to make it like that?
Turkey panino, damnit!  Panini is plural.
* Caution - Italian grammar nazi at work *
Huh... you'd think I would have heard that by now. Appreciate it..Then again, if I change the punch line to panino and no one knows what the hell I'm talking about, that might be counterproductive.
A roman walks into a bar and says "I'll have a martinus" the bartender says "don't you mean martini?" The roman replies "if I wanted a double I'd have asked for one!"
Italian grammar fascist?
Italian grammer fascist?
 FTFY
You are a horrible novelty/troll account.
Damn that veggie sandwich was getting on my nerves. Oh, and can I please get an explanation of this one after reading the entire thing?
Pretty sure a "pressed" Turkey sandwich is a panini
Pressed and toasted in a panini press, yes. It's a hot sandwich.
NIGGERS.
That dahrn Rocco.
Funny guy!
But did you leave with one kidney?
Arm and a leg... DO YA GET IT?!????!?
Actually I did not, thanks.
This sickened me.
I would have said zombie. Funny though
Somebody just watched ....
Really? Jokelopedia?
I was expecting something different, considering the man "walls" into the bar in the title
umm.... there would never, ever be a giraffe in a bar. I mean the cops would probably be called and the giraffe wouldn't even fit in the doors!!
You're an awful novelty account. 
Filthy.  Disgusting.  Funny as hell!.I can imagine this as a cartoon in Mad.
Ummm.... The doctor asked for stool, blood, and urine tests, so the underwear is completely irrelevant to his orders...
because her undies are covered in stool, urine, and blood lolz
I approve of this account.
I don't. But I can see that it's a matter of taste and promise to not make a big deal out of it.
But probably not enough for the doctor.
Someone didn't get the joke :P
I visualized it only because I've seen it... its not a great path to venture on Frodo. 
You guys don't read usernames so much do you?
I thought it would be Boo-long.
I like it OP, but I think if it was a pirate ghost, it Would be better. 
I love a good joke! Nice one! 
This is awesome :0
[deleted]
does he own this sub reddit or what?
Mind your own business.
*fucking
What did it say?
uhhmm bullshittery?
Any exact bullshittery that I should be concerned about?
Uhhmm no? but its bullshittery, you shouldnt even be concerned about it..
Well, I'm very curious whenever someone speaks in the language of bullshit.
So his business was, fucking?
I always thought my grammar was bad, and I tried my best to write this joke with decent grammar. But I never imagined people actually questioning THE RATIONALITY, THE GRAMMAR, OR THE PUNCTUATION OF A FUCKIN' JOKE...on a "joke" site.
Well, when It's a repost with poor grammar, spelling, and capitalization, then people have the right to inform of your poor writing skills. Also, the man should say, "It's not good for your health." Saying health more directly correlates with the kid's grandpa living to be 100.
Rather naive, aren't you?
It's weird the way these assholes just pick everything apart. I'm with you, it's a fucking joke site for Christ's sake! Read the joke and laugh or not but don't go shredding it for bad grammar or  punctuation. Assholes! 
you should typed "for the sake of our lord and savior, Christ, son of God lover of many" just saying
Yeah.....thanks.

In the interest of full disclosure I am going to steal this image.  
i'll allow it
I always thought my grammer was bad, and I tried my best to write this joke with decent grammer. But I never imagined people actually questioning THE RATIONALITY, THE GRAMMAR, OR THE PUNCTUATION OF A FUCKIN' JOKE...on a "joke" site..FTFY
I.checked out ur profile and wow!!! Ur comment karma...
Thanks for proving my point. I less than three to you.
His name is ".Nazi_" not ".Nazi"
Just kidding. I giggled at this. Neat name! Makes me feel better about my own life, honestly. Every time I see someone committing him or herself to an online personification of his/her username, it gives me hope to get laid one more time in real life. Cause, you know...that gets one more person out of the picture.
Get out of here. This isn't Facebook. Have a rational debate. Not just immediately making fun of someone because they "commit [themselves] to an online personification(?)." And because that automatically means they sit at their computer all day, which means they don't get laid like you do (lol). 
U/Horse_Bot_3k you owe me 5$ for crossing my bridge. Unfortunately since you neglected to pay on time you also owe a 2 dollar late fee which I am willing to waive since you normally pay in a timely manner. Assisting you in getting laid I will gladly do for free as you seem to need all the help you can get! 
Why not have her dress up as an insurance agent? :p
the joke would have been better if "to fulfill my fantasy was in the title. But nice dark joke :)
You didn't say the whole thing that should have been added to the title because you said.What would he rest of it be?
Maybe she IS an insurance agent!
O_O that is a very true possibility.
Clicked on this before looking at what sub it was in. Was disappointed.
I knew what sub I was in but was still hoping for a picture! 
That got dark quickly.
I think I've heard some of these briefore.
If someone below me says "these jokes are so cheesy" so help me i will explode
I don't think they're cheesy, most are pretty gouda.
I'd try to make another but I don't know Jack about cheese.
I find them quite cultured, actually. 
What does the cheese say when it sees itself in the mirror?.Haloumi!
These jokes are so cheesy 
So, so cheesy.
What type of cheese do you use to make a Polar Bear come...to you.
Q.Whats a cows favorite cheese?   A. Moo-zzarella
I've seen cheddar jokes than these.
Hey I think they are pretty gouda! 
That joke blue my mind!!!
Tell them to Rick.  Rick oughtta be able to improve on them.
I'm glad he kept it brie-f
Rick has a brother named Ray that is better at jokes than he is. If Rick can't improve the jokes, move on to Ray, Jack.
Hello, I am Officer John from your local police department. Please stay at home tomorrow at 6am.
Dude....... im in total awe.....(=O_o=)
Id say it's the funnest
Do i have to buy donuts?
Jelly filled preferably
It would be appreciated.
The nsa isn't going to like this
Cleaning the blood off your clown suit.
True story.  One time my girlfriend said she couldn't date me because I was a pedophile.  I said that's a big word for an 8 year old...
I thought it was:."All of the fucking immature assholes"
Holy shit

It's supposed to be Fuck. I laughed. 
wow, fan shoulda gone with it lol. everything woulda been fine
Fred?
I'd think Frank is closer
Fernando?

Migrating? Are they seasonal, like birds?
he could have made it Larry
I heard this with three Jews named Berel, Schmerel, and Cherel
Wow, I like this joke. Short, funny, and to the point.
Buck, Schmuck and chuck?
Is Fan's last name Yu?
At least his name wasn't Sum Ting Wong.
Strategic Advance to the Rear = French Attack...
6/10. Would read off popsicle stick.
We do now.
But we know why.
I laughed out loud for about 5 minutes at the last line...
My favorite:.Me: Do you want a jolly rancher??.Friend: sure!.Me: then go fuck a farmer!
Did you hear about the cowboy with leprosy?.He threw his leg over the horse!!!.Gets me every time.
Drunk.
But you have to get rid of the last line
even darker, get rid of the first two lines.
bringing up jolly ranchers on reddit is just asking for trouble.
Behold: 
without fail.
Eeeew... 
death is the only escape
B-But you are the one, you were suposed to save us!
I laughed harder at the last two lines hahaha
Haha I'm glad. That was the point. 
 esp the last part
Terrible jokes and you need a hug.  Tons in common my friend, tons.
he must be a real sucker.
I love you. Let's talk
Hi...
Well then. Good conversation! Thanks for your time ! 
My friend worked at a movie theater when Brokeback Mountain came out; their marquee for it was "JOLLY RANCHERS".
Hahahahahahahahah.You are quite alone, aren't you?
You're sad epitaph was funnier than the jokes punchline 
That's "You are sad epitaph was funnier" which I like for some reason.
Grammar! The difference between knowing your shit and knowing you're shit.
Perhaps, somewhat ironically, I was on the commode when that message was composed; I let that one slip through. 
Haha good that was the point. 
Don't worry you're the one
You guys have no idea how alone I am.
Your misplaced apostrophe was not
Oh, you're right!  That was disappointing. 
Don't bother. He'll just blame autocorrect.
"un uf" is French for egg. The hen had "enough" so she quit the job. 
Omelette.
...du...
fromage
I feel so dirty.
...then she said, "ten ., fifteen ..
Haha I love these jokes. 
Uh, can someone explain?
He's leaving her on the island and sending a plane over fifteen years later to pick her up. 
HA! :D
Sounds like me and my best friend.  Good times.
Yep.
This joke isn't finished. It needs something like this at the end:."And then they both get hit by a bus and are sent to Niflheim to have the their corpses devoured by Nidhogg. "
 is that way -->
^ now it's that way
But I could have sworn I just saw it over <---
Nuhuh, it's ^  
Why do French battle tanks have rear-view mirrors?.So they can *assess the effectiveness of their non-tactical withdrawal.
French tank engines actually had a 5-gear transmission..One for forward.One for neutral.And three for reverse.

There's a gunsmithing joke I've heard before "How do you replicate the finish on a french rifle? Stain the stock and then drop the gun once."
Yeah, I don't get it?
The French have a reputation for surrendering very easily see world war 2
They are a bunch of sallies and history shows they drop their weapons before using them.
French stereotypes say that the French are cowards, and would sooner surrender (AKA drop their weapons) than fight (AKA fire a bullet with their guns).
Why do new french navy ships have glass hulls?.To see the old french navy ships
There was a TIL earlier about how France actually has the best war record in Europe. Something like 109 wins, 10 draws, and 49 losses. Unfortunately WW2 just didn't work out well for France and that is how most view the French
Also I think that stigma of being quitters is something the Brits may have augmented and generously perpetuated. .In July 1940, after the fall of Northern France to the unstoppable Nazi war machine,  Churchill ordered the British Navy to attack and sink several French warships in North Africa. The ships and the entire French naval fleet could have fallen into Hitler's hands.  Over a thousand French sailors died at the hands of the British. They were shot like fish in a barrel as the French flagships were trapped in the harbor by English mines. .Perhaps the Brits perpetuated the stigma of French cowardice to help themselves deal with attacking an ally. 
That was very interesting.  Thank you.
Though most of their "wins" are against tiny monaco, lichtenstein, weak spain, italy, etc. And their greatest general is a two time surrenderer...
Napoleon? When did he  surrender and why is that so condemnable, surely that isn't so bad, considering the fact that he was vastly outnumbered and his men. Were inferiorly armed and equipped, sorry phone grammar
Considering he STARTED the fight, that's his fault. And he wasn't vastly outnumbered. He had the largest and the best military in the world. Unfortunately, due to his "brilliance" he killed off a significant percentage of his army..Bullshit. The french military was the envy of the world in the early 1800s. It was the best in the world. 
About the equipment, I was speaking of the early revolution, mainly of his campaign in the alps. Against Austria. And they following the execution of that bourbon king dude they were attacked by several other monarchs 
But we were talking about the times he surrendered?.France had a decisive military and economic advantages in the war of the first coalition. Am I supposed to be impressed he beat some italians and some austrians? 
Okay, I was speaking of the time, whoops. But the fact that he beat  the Austrian empire with about a third (I think) of the French army is certainly impressive to me
No but he beat up all there friends as well. 
Yes, the mighty portuguese, spanish and italians. .So if I became emperor of america and beat up brazil, ecuador, argentina, etc, that makes me a military genuis?.The myth of napoleon is pure european propaganda. Nothing more. Nothing less.
A myth just like your dick 
Along with the Prussians and Russians during the 1805-1812 period. 
Yeah he defeated a FAR inferior prussian army and he kicked out the a relatively minor russian force in poland. Pretty much anyone and their grandmother could've done that but we have to think about building up napoleon's reputation don't we?

Yes I have a giant mythical penis that conquered all the women of europe. But unfortunately, just like napoleon's military prowess, it is all myth. 
Then they arrest the bulb for being broke
This.
An American shifting blame, what's new?
Fucking periwinkles
I'm pretty sure that this was a scene out of the British movie, "Carry On Nurse", released in 1959....
(   ) Periwinkle 5 lyfe 
that... was shitty
Hey man! Back off! That's my sister you're talking about!
I think there is a alternative of this one but I can't remember it .
I think I heard this one with the mailman in for Brad Pitt, and there wasn't a gay brother. 
"Theoretically, we're sitting on a gold mine, but in reality, we live with a couple of whores."
I like that better, cuz "faggot" is a little harsh and unnecessary 
but saying "whore" is fine, cuz it is an insult used against women!  :P
HAHA!  Good one.
Can we ban this joke entirely? It's older than your mothers, guys. 
Idea for a new rule: No jokes that are sold as T-Shirts on ThinkGeek.com
And those who think this joke is in base-3 and those who realize you can add on to this joke forever.
And those who were about to make the base-3 joke but then found out that someone beat them to it..
And those who realize that it's actually a base-6 joke.
Don't want to be pedantic, but the response when this was first posted is better - "So he gave her one."
I find this response shallow and pedantic. 
So he says, "Just plunk your ass right down here and I'll give you a shot."
Semantically pedantic. 
You stole this joke from me a week ago. I told it better. 
Was Reddit where I heard it? 
I had a great joke someone told me and I wanted to share it with Reddit, but suddenly I CAN'T REMEMBER IT..Then I remembered THIS JOKE.. And I thought it was the one. .Did I do a bad?
I do not understand this joke at all.
Why the hell would anyone be at a bar when their wife is in labor?!
In another country no less.
The joke is that a huge portion of the baby's weight is in the genitalia (for example, just the foreskin weighs more than most newborn babies).
Could be in Vermont .
Yes i understand that, but why is the baby canadian?
Canadian pride.
Or .TAKE THAT, AMERICA!
What the hell is a cm?.In my parts only drug dealers use the metric system.
North Korea avg: 3.8 inches....I wonder if the Kim-Jongs have been over-compensating for their Kim-Dongs
Find yourself a native north Korean woman, you know you'll be the biggest she's seen in her family tree. 
Gestational Diabeetus
I know it's a joke but an air traffic controller would never say "height", the word they use is altitude..EDIT: Corrected spelling.
Ditsy blonde?
This is that snake-bite-on-dick-suck-the-poison-out-you're-gonna-die joke, with different words..I wonder if there's only actually like 17 basic jokes out there, and they all just have their words swapped around.
Hey! You figured out humor!
Whats the joke?
He has concluded from her answer that she is going to crash the plane because she is so stereotypically stupid (e.g., this is a standard blonde joke).   Accordingly, he stops trying to tell her how to fly the plane, and starts telling her to say ., which is the standard Christian prayer.  
Height and position of the plane. In the air.
Hallowed be thy name.
Thy Kingdom come...
Thy Will be done...
On Earth as it is in Heaven...
Give us this day, our daily bread 
And forgive us our trespasses... 
As we forgive those who trespass against us 
On Earth, as it is in Heaven.
And lead us not into temptation...
But deliver us from evil
R'Amen..We gotta be PC here folks 
Amen..Why did we do that?

AAAAAY Macarena 

best joke i've seen on here so far
Attorney here. We took logic classes in school, and you can have all sorts of fun making jokes from basic logical fallacies like this one. This particular fallacy is a fallacy of formation called "denying the antecedent." It has a mirror image fallacy called "affirming the consequent" and you can make a joke from that one, too..Of course, the counselor's logic here is itself kinda faulty: why does owning a house imply that one has a wife and why does having a wife imply that one is heterosexual, for example...
Repost
He talks like a fag and his shits all retarded.  Don't worry scrote,  there's lots of tards out there doing kickass things. My first wife was a tard... She's a pilot now. 
LOL!
Read much the same joke, albeit shorter, with Mujo and Haso :)
so good  thank you!!
To lazy to read so commenting for later
I saw this joke but with a bar

I HAVE THREE GOATS IN THE FRONT YARD......WHY DO I NEED A WEEDEATER????....BETTER USES FOR WEED THAN TO EAT IT!!!
Sounds like a lot of the fellas in my hometown have had this same experience with learning logic. 
Why does having a house automatically imply being married? .He could simply inherit it from his parents. 
for
Owning a house doesn't indicate having a wife, though.
What's the induction or deduction from home owner to married? 
I don't know where he gets the jump from house to wife. You can own a house without being married, a string trimmer with without having a yard, and you can have a wife and not be heterosexual..Clearly this is not a logic professor. If you had stuck with councilor it would have made more sense.
I like how counselor suddenly becomes professor during the course of the joke.
Logically, there's no connection between a weedeater and having a yard.  
Tarnation. 
...It would be the logical next step.
I guess just traditional perception. There's also technically no logical connection between yard and house or weedeater and yard, it's just a joke.
Since you like racist jokes tell one about a logical nigger too.
It got a positive reaction out of me the first time I read it, but since then it's become annoying. It's reposted here at least once a month....EDIT: That was hyperbole. Still, it's overrated and overposted.
Leave it to an attorney to kill a joke. 
I used to own a weedeater but then I took a fag to the knee!
No.
Having a wife could mean someone is a close homosexual and is trying to cover it up. Both could theoretically be logical conclusions to having a wife.
Yeah, but it is still much less likely. 
And now, a punchy image version of the joke! 
It's funny because it's not an exaggeration of redneck logic
Hehe, logic. 

That's confusingly organized, poorly worded and drawn like shit. 
Me too. The closeup on the guy's face is almost funnier than the joke for me.
lolno
OP Doesn't own a weedeater.
Is it just me or is it entirely too blurry to read?
Yeah its way too small.
Dude it's a weedwaker not weedeater and this has been reposted at least 10 times and I have only been on reddit a short time
Depends on how deeply asleep those weeds are.
just fyi both would bee acceptable, cheers

haha so he was finally able to expose his friend of  being gay after taking one logic class? that seems pretty unrealistic that he would figure out so quickly but its funny either way i LOL'd. not upvote deservung but it was alright i suppose.
I'm gonna assume this is a troll account that's attempting to get as many downvotes as possible.
[deleted]
I.... can't bring myself to upvote 
For the benefit of non-Americans:.A "weedeater" AKA "weekwacker" is a strimmer.
Also lawnmower works. 
Lawnmower refers to the wheeled device such as the one seen . which is pushed around over a lawn, cutting it with hidden blades. However, a . slices weeds with a string.
I think he meant that lawnmower works in the joke.
I still don't get it. 
weekwacker?
All you need to know for the joke is that it's something you would (only) use in a garden.
For the benefit of Australians:.A "weedeater" AKA "weedwacker" AKA "strimmer" is a whipper snipper.
Who is in charge of coming up with these names?
I dunno, but I'm inclined to let them keep their job. I like to imagine the same person invented words such as "screw-driver" or "wind-screen-wiper"
... What the hell else do y'all call a screwdriver? 
Thanks, but I have to add strimmer is a really silly name for something that is made to whack weeds... 
Your post is technically correct but doesn't apply here because a weed whacker isn't made to whack weeds. Strimmer is short for .ing ...Maybe it technically whacks things, but that sounds like you're hitting the middle of something with a blunt object, like you're beating it to death. Instead a strimmer slices off cleanly, cutting more like a knife, and I don't think most people use the word "whack" like that. You'd use be pretty silly to use one on weeds, since they need to have their roots pulled out to stop them growing back, which would actually be harder once you've cut them with a strimmer. It's more useful for shaping bushes (teehee) and cutting tricky bits of grass.
I've used such things on areas which would take far too long to pull out the weeds by the roots. These weeds were all on the order of 2-3 feet tall, with somewhat thick/woody stems. And I am of the opinion that "whacking" really is the proper verb, it more or less reduced the plants to a pulpy mess.
That may be true, and congratulations on the clever portmanteau. But must I remind you that we're on .?
TIL
I can claim word play is logic too!.It whacks weeds. However, it doesn't trim string.
Actually... when you bounch the bottom of the weed whacker on the ground, more string is released. A tiny blade hidden inside the guard cuts the string to length to keep it from getting too long.
Actually... more line comes out. And the the nature of the machine isn't to tap the cap and produce line to cut. The nature of the machine is to whack weeds. It's not called a cap tapper. 
lol I was referencing the fact that it actually does trim string, but not as its main purpose..But more lines don't come out, its just one long string that is released to extend further out as it shortens during use either by scraping on concrete or general wear.
String? You mean line? Yeah it cuts line. One single line. 
I must be developing bad speed reading habits....I read it as:
That's ok. We've ended up in ridiculousness anyways. 
Teehee Is Lame
Your logic is sound until you realize that the nylon/plastic cord is round and is not cutting like a knife..Only through sheer speed is the blade of grass sheared off by the round object. Because the relation of the length of grass/weed and the diameter of the string would be compared to a baseball bat cutting a person in half..So in essence you really are whacking the grass/weed, just really, really fast.
If someone got hit so hard with a baseball bat that it cut right through them then personally I wouldn't call that a "whack". But that's just my opinion.
It whacks weeds so fast it cuts/trims them. So everybody's correct! Hooray!
yeah you heard this guy. stop being dumb.
When did the counselor become a professor?
Line 6, he was professing, it only makes sense that he was called what one calls one who professes.
I'm guessing it was a mistake, but there is the off chance that the counselor is also a professor. I know they aren't the same, but advisor's are usually professors in the department you are majoring in. And since the counselor here is playing the role of an advisor, that may have been where professor came in.
Pfft, don't you know anything about logic.
When you're dealing with rednecks I would assume.
About 3:20 p.m. est.
Good joke, but why would owning a house imply that you have a wife?
Because it's a joke.
The one where he goes dog, children, wife, not gay works though.
Dog implies children?
Because if he had an ex-wife he wouldn't have a house. Mortgage payments payments maybe, but no house.
_

That's a pretty solid comment, but why would you link to it here?
Because I find the comment hilarious, and have RandomExcess tagged so I can be reminded about it every time I see him.
Sure, but I just don't see the point in bullying someone for a retarded (albeit really entertaining) comment they made a month ago.
Because I'm an asshole?
Can't argue with that.
Good point. In this version of the joke, he supposedly deduces the heterosexuality from the wife. But since he already guessed the guy had a wife, he already assumed heterosexuality. He . by assuming to be true what he wanted to prove..Doesn't ruin the joke. But if you're going to tell a joke about logic, it would help if you understood it more than the redneck.
Actually, none of those things definitively followed.  All of those conclusions are likely from the thing that preceded, but not necessary.  
Except that why the fuck else would you own a weed whacker 
To take on your boat, doy!
I can't believe so many people here apparently need an explanation of the concept of a joke. 
To murder people?
It's fun to nitpick.  
It took a long time to explain the logic course to the first redneck, and the counselor received his promotion during the explanation. 
I'm not gay, i'm lawnmower sexual. 
That would be a painful fetish
wait i dont get it. what is the punch line>?
Not every joke is based on a setup-punchline primes, you know? 
i mean the original joke
Read it again please, I'm from Europe and even I got it
dont get it care to explain it.. or you are you going to continue with that sarcastic attitude of yours?
Ok, so the joke is that the professor uses an example to demonstrate how logic works, by deducting from the first statement all the following ones. The redneck is impressed, but he hasn't really understood the concept, that this deduction is to be seen abstractly, not concretely. So when his friend says that he doesn't own a weed wacker (or whatever), he thinks that that, by the rules of logic, means his friend is not heterosexual, so he calls him a fag. Can't do any better in a foreign language ;)
hahaha ok i get it. thats kinda funny
:P always sucks to get a joke explained, it's never even nearly as funny
yup haha
Ho-mow-sexual.
I walked into a Harley Davidson dealer once and told the salesman I was bike'curious and maybe he could help me out...  
Did he treat you to a ride on his hog?
My N_GGER
An inordinate number of downvotes for a south park reference.
-35 points? You people need to watch more southpark!
South Park is shit now
But this is an old one.  And I disagree. 
Not even remotely true.  Still one of the most consistently funny shows on television.  
Oh thank God I didn't I didn't see that letter "I." It just saved me any offense I might have suffered. You know what, from now on _'m talk_ng l_ke th_s so _  don't need to worry about acc_dently offend_ng anyone. .But seriously, grow the fuck up. Just say it or use another word.

If it's referencing this, how is it relevant? Obviously I've seen that before but I saw no reason to assume that it was in reference to that. Granted, I don't watch South Park very often and I don't know if there's an outside context of that clip either.
WaffleSports' comment about being "bike'curious" is a line from a South Park episode as well
Ah ok thanks, I understand now
woosh
Okay, nigger.
Actually, it was a southpark reference, you nagger. To complement "bike-curious"
A
Oh hey, I made a dragon joke to you... a while ago. 
Sorry, I don't recall from where.
Ok, a WHILE ago, I said "Are the dragons in skyrim realistic?
I've never met a dragon so sorry if this is a stupid question".And then I guess we had a longish conversation and I tagged you with "He's cool." 
So what's it like being a Dragon? Are you nice, or naughty? Do you like chaos, or just a cup of Earl Gray?
It's pretty sweet. I wouldn't really define myself as bad, but that's just because I define my standards differently. And tea sounds lovely, although I've never tried it.
You always answer. I love that in a dragon 
And into the history WE GO
I totally understand the standards difference. I do that with myself, seeing as I'm better then everyone else.
People that annoy you?
please help yourself out...
Because most home owners have families.
What if he's homosexual/asexual?
Then he must not have a weed eater. 
Then he will live in a nice town house/condo. No lawn.
It is unlikely.
Maybe, but that's not logic.
then he would have corrected the professor by saying "No." and the joke would have ended there.
I like that. Fucking professor, why does it matter if I have a weed eater?

Actually, the joke should have ended before that.
QUIT MAKIN' SHIT COMPLICATED.
It's actually extremely simple.
I'm at like a [6] right now, I'm working a bit slower then y'all straight edge folk. 
[deleted]
Get a load of this guy
I'm with ya, having actually taken logic classes in college, the first things you learn in logic class is how not to make those types of misguided assumptions. In fact, these are all logical fallacies. Also, entry level logic classes actually fall under the math department a lot of times. .While I still find the joke amusing, it technically uses more statistical correlations than logic.
You are right and I think that you deserve more than a no-fun-guy backslash.
The joke actually holds right when you take the standpoint of the teacher. He may be partial for the courses he promotes - basically those recommendations may seem dubious for a redneck, so this is not a surprise..He tries to show the use of logic, when he also employs another course : statistics, through his take of advantage of correlation. Finally, this is something a history geek would do: prettify the whole thing for it to be more attractive (no saying false things - just showing a point of view that will make it very interesting, like when you spend the evening drinking the words of a history PhD friend about Saint Louis or Charles VII of France)..All that makes the whole story very... logic!
Nobody said there's a causal relation, but there is a correlation which most of the points in the joke follow. Just because he has a yard doesn't mean he has a house, he could be the landlord of a building with a yard in front (for example).
I bet you're tons of fun at parties
[deleted]
Laughter is usually appropriate
 .There is a very significant increase in home ownership when you're married. 
[deleted]
You don't think that recognizing the statistical probability of his having a wife is logical?
Like they said. MOST homeowners have families.
Quit complicating this shit man, its a joke. 
What was the comment?

[deleted]
I forgot, basically arguing that being a homeowner doesn't imply that you have a wife / family
People take comments here too seriously. I bet most of you don't even own Weedeaters. 
Fags!
seen it several times but still get's a chuckle out of me every time
As a gay man who doesn't own a weedwhatever, I can confirm his logic
My neighbor is gay. His yard is amazing, he fixed it up all by himself. But he doesn't own a weedeater, he owns a weedwacker. 
Tagges as "Homosexual with no weedwhatever"
Make sure it's fuschia
Isn't that a bit redundant?
What if you're bi? Do you have to rent a weed eater?
You just have a push mower.
Rent or own, you can go either way.
Borrow the neighbors
Wait, so since i'm bi, I can borrow the neighbors' wife? brb
How would borrowing his neighbors help? He needs a weed eater, not people.
People can eat weeds too, chuck.
Or smoke it. 
[deleted]
Yes. That was the joke.
howd the hipster burn his lip? he drank his coffee... before it was cool. 
how many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb? 100. 1 to change the bulb and 99 to bitch about how they like the old one better. 
Love the first one.
was hoping this was the kind of establishment that didn't serve hipsters, just to be incongruous
If you turn oriental around, he become disoriented.
Confucius say man who sleep on train tracks wake up with splitting headache
Man who run in car,named Fred Flinstone.
[deleted]
Man who drive car get arrest
man who fart in church, sit in own pew
Woman who go with man on photography trip get exposed
... Man who run beside car... .Very fast. 
"Wisdom of Confucius"?? A man who died 2500 years before cars said this?
Lol great joke but might wanna rethink the tittle 
Young love is like spiders web, soon lead to undoing of fly
Confucius say, broken mirror 7 years bad luck. Broken condom 18.
WHAT YEAR IS IT?!
Girl that puts detergent on top shelf jumps for Joy
heh i only got the first part, didn't get the second :) you filled in the gap!
Whoa. Is this supposed to go with the joke or did you come up with that?
However in this case OP is possibly referring to a car with exhaust that comes out of the sides, and therefore may be emphasizing a more literal interpretation, minus the pun. There isn't exactly enough information given for anyone to possibly say that without a doubt, that they know the inner workings of the car in question.
idiot
Mostly if man is black...
Or hispanic
Virginity like bubble. One prick all gone. 
Finger girl on period, get caught red handed 
Man who go through airport turnstile sideways going to bankok 
Man who stand on toilet seat, is high on pot.
Man who go to sleep with itchy butthole wake up with smelly finger
Stupid man give wife grand piano for birthday. Wise man give upright organ.
Man with hand in pocket always have finger on ball...
Feeling cocky all day!
Or they're tired because they got ran over by the tires.
Baseball is wrong. Man with four balls cannot walk.
Confucious say man with penis in peanut butter jar fucking nuts..Edit:  Accidentally a word. 
You must be great at parties
He's probably not such an obvious troll in face-to-face scenarios
Good to meet girl in park. Great to park meat in girl.
this is a joke?
I don't think so, Eric the Beric.
this is a repost
A week.

What did the ghost say to the bees? Boo bees!
My favorite type 
I heard this told as "What kind of bees have nipples? boo-bees"
I don't think the first two need to be a doctor and a lawyer - those professions add nothing to the joke. It would also make more sense if the first one was a priest. The second one might be enhanced by making him a criminal or a politician.
think of it this way, at least i did: a doctor is a medical man, and many extremely religious people dont even believe in medicine, but that god heals all wounds and illnesses. and lawyers are pretty much the devil's nephews, in the eyes of comedy.
I know many extremely religious people, and all of them use medicine.
it depends on many variables of course, but im not someone who's entirely up to date on what specific religions do, so my word isnt as reliable as google may be.
In western civilization, it is primarily just Christian Science (a sect that is a heretical offshoot of mainstream Christianity) which believes that disease is a direct result of sin, and that it is cured through prayer and repentance..Western religions in general, including mainstream Christianity, understand the physical basis of disease, and believe that God often works through the acts of doctors and physicians..I am not very familiar with the eastern religions, so I will not comment on those.
Thank you. Nice to see someone who's willing to admit they're not right all of the time!
the one who doesnt admit to his mistakes is the one who makes more later and learns nothing.
Who said ding dong?

Naw dude.
Foot long if that's the case, but this is a weird joke. 
I shared this in the newsroom I work in and it was met with generous laughter. I'd like to think it was purely my delivery, but I'm sure the original content also played some part.
I 
What does a guy with 2 right feet wear to the beach? Flop-Flops. That's all I have. 
Took a sandal for the knee Rofl

Laughed harder than I should have at a [0]
10 out of 10
Can someone explain the joke for me..? .I'm sorry... 
Asshole
?
[deleted]
Just had him for Behavioral. It was one of the best classes I've ever taken. 
You sure need neuroscientific help!
I was trying to guess how you could squeeze a "surrender" joke with such a title..
I was actually pleased with the answer !
LOL took me a while, but I got it! .You bet I did.
Phillipe Floppe.Flip Flop
Which is very fun to say in French, which I discovered after repeating it about 30 times
haha the fact that it's from a professor makes it even better

This is more of a pun than anything.
Keeping chocolate in your pocket seems like a bad idea, since it would melt.  But I guess only an ENGINEER would know that.
Heard this as a drummer and a bassist. At least, that's how I'm going to tell it. 
This is similar to a Boudreaux and Thibodeaux joke from here in South Louisiana. It works MUCH better as Boudreaux and Thibodeaux rather than a doctor and an engineer. 
Fake. You can clearly see the font change mid sentence between the 4th and 6th line. Also, no one could eat 3 bars without stomach problems. 
You mean a BOUDREAUX and a THIBADEAUX
Once two THEIVES entered a CHOCOLATE store.  One was trolling the other and the shop got three melted chocolate bars back.  Nobody cared and it wasn't funny at all.
Yes. I am "that" guy. Can somebody please explain.
If you replace the Doctor and Engineer with a Republician and a Democrat it turns the joke into the current conditions in Washington, which is a joke too!
or.. The shop asked: "So where's the prestige..?" 
How the fuck does this have so many upvotes...?
Because making fun of it is so fun
Because the doctor stole three chocolate bars and the clerk presumably found them, while the doctor got to eat three chocolate bars without charge.
Iv had many health problems since I was 5 including diabetes, celiac and hypothyroidism. I see many doctors regularly and believe me a lot of them are very condescending. Kinda like teachers. They think because they are doctors that they are smarter and better then you. Yes I know they understand my conditions better then I from their years of study, but it still bothers me to be treated like an idiot. Though I will say iv met some very cool n understanding doctors that I could tell just wanted to make my life eaiser. Just sayin they can be pricks. I get the joke. Isnt an engineer's job to look at things differently in an innovative way?
I remember there was a joke about a drummer and a bassist but I don't remember it now.
You were the drummer, weren't you? 
How do you get a bassist off the porch?.Pay for the pizza.
engg vs mktng would be better...
Ah! I get the joke. I mistakenly thought that the doctor said this line: "But where's the magic..?"
Thanks!
Hey, you no doctor! 
I kinda like that it is a Doctor and an Engineer. Painted a more vivid picture in my mind. 
why would a doctor steal a candy bar
r
Could this BE any FUNNIER??
It would be a good idea to not use abbreviations you have established yourself...
It's . reading something out of . where they put seemingly . words in boldface, and hope it enhances the .! What a crappy .! I sure hope they . see this! My day would be ruined if I received any free ..
Lol.
I think an Englishman and an Irishman, and beer instead of chocolate would make a better joke. Very funny, though.
Cops and doughnuts could work as well. 
haha :)
oh man, I thought the joke was funny and just wanted to show my support, I am sorry I won't do this again :(
[deleted]
Why would he be upvoted?
Because of two things. 1) he's not really contributing to the conversation. 2) the weird thing is if he had just put "ha" he would've been near the top. 
Hahaha I get it the clerk wasn't able to steel any because he has the lowest profession. Lol that's pretty funny.
To anyone tempted to reply to .: 
Remember, with exclamation points, it's ONE or NONE.
i'm pretty sure it's shift+one.
WHAT???!!!?!@#!
I will remember that!!........................................
Ever tried to put a glass of beer in your pocket?
That's why he's such a good thief.
...bottles...
He must be Irish.
what is this, the 90s?  I can't fit 3 bottles in my pocket these days.
I pictured TF2 characters after reading doctor and engineer.
Especially with the capitalization. I was expecting a dispenser somewhere in this story. 
Now that you mention it, Engineer is acting awfully like a Spy in this story...

I thought that at the chocolate bar.."Omnomnomnom"
I thought I was in . for a moment there
Thanks FOR the JOKE.
Thanks FOR the JOKE...!!
Good, but I don't see the point of labeling the men as doctor and engineer...it didn't really poke fun at either party's stereotypes
Would you say he didn't . on the stereotype?
It's a good form of misdirection though.
Yeah, would've been better off with names instead.
DOCTORS are stupid and ENGINEERS are geniuses.
its a joke that shows that engineers are smarter than doctors, heres another 
Engineers Vs Doctors :
SCENE 1 --------------------------------------
5 engineer buy only 1 ticket, and 5 Doctor
buy 5 tickets.
Doctor's are desperately waiting for TC to
come.....
When TC arrives, all 5 engineer get into
one toilet, so when TC knocks, one hand
comes out with the ticket and the TC goes
away.
SCENE 2 :------------------------------------
Doctor decided, "This time, we will prove
that we are smarter".
5 Doctor buy 1 ticket, engineer don't buy
any ticket at all!
TC arrives....
All Doctor IN ONE TOILET. ALL engineerS
IN THE OPPOSITE TOILET.
One engineer gets out and knocks the
door of Doctor toilet. One hand comes out
with the tickets, he takes the ticket and
enters engineers toilet.
TC drives out all the Doctor from the
toilet, and they are heavily fined.
SCENE 3-------------------------------
Now, both the groups are at LONAVALA
Railway Station. Doctors' are planning their
move for a last chance, ... they board the
local train to Pune.
This time, Doctor decide that they will play
the same (1 ticket) trick.
ALL Doctor take 1 ticket ... engineer buy 5
tickets.
TC Comes. All engineer show their tickets,
AND ..........
Doctor are still searching for toilet in the
Local train!!!!! 
DAE LE ENGINEERS MASTER RACE
Evidently, it shows how engineers will eat three chocolates in a row like it was nothing.
As an engineer, I agree.
Maybe change them to a WHITE GUY and a BLACK GUY?
[deleted]
/r/imgoingtomiddleschoolforthis
/r/i'mnot80likeyouandcanfindjokesfunny
/r/agehasnothingtodowithsenseofhumour
/r/idontthinkthesearerealsubreddits
/r/ithinkyoumightberightaboutthat



I got cancer from that grammar and punctuation... 
Maybe the doctor can help you.
It was obviously written by an engineer. 
And the omission of the joke setup making it impenetrable.  (i.e. they're all going on a train trip together, and TC must be Ticket Collecter).
copied and pasted from an indian (not trying to seem racist)
its a joke that shows that engineers are smarter than doctors, heres another .Engineers Vs Doctors :.SCENE 1 --------------------------------------.5 engineer buy only 1 ticket, and 5 Doctor
buy 5 tickets..Doctor's are desperately waiting for TC to
come......When TC arrives, all 5 engineer get into
one toilet, so when TC knocks, one hand
comes out with the ticket and the TC goes
away..SCENE 2 :------------------------------------.Doctor decided, "This time, we will prove
that we are smarter"..5 Doctor buy 1 ticket, engineer don't buy
any ticket at all!.TC arrives.....All Doctor IN ONE TOILET. ALL engineerS
IN THE OPPOSITE TOILET..One engineer gets out and knocks the
door of Doctor toilet. One hand comes out
with the tickets, he takes the ticket and
enters engineers toilet..TC drives out all the Doctor from the
toilet, and they are heavily fined..SCENE 3-------------------------------.Now, both the groups are at LONAVALA
Railway Station. Doctors' are planning their
move for a last chance, ... they board the
local train to Pune..This time, Doctor decide that they will play
the same (1 ticket) trick..ALL Doctor take 1 ticket ... engineer buy 5
tickets..TC Comes. All engineer show their tickets,
AND ...........Doctor are still searching for toilet in the
Local train!!!!! 
I think there's some kind of language barrier going on here; I honestly have no idea what just happened in this.
They're taking a train trip together and I think TC must mean Train Conductor.  The joke needs some setup..er..., more likely Ticket Collector?
Yeah I though people called them 'TI' or Ticket Inspector
It was rough, but I'm pretty sure I've figured it out. There are 2 teams, of 5 people, one is the engineers team and the other is the doctors team. .Scene 1 takes place on a train where the engineers team buys only 1 ticket for all 5 players and the doctors bought 1 ticket for each of their 5 players. The doctors are waiting for the ticket checker to come so the engineers team will get kicked off the train for only having 1 ticket and not five. But to the doctors dismay, when the ticket checker comes around all 5 of the engineers team have squeezed in to one of the trains bathrooms. So when the ticket checker knocks on the bathroom door to take the occupants ticket, he assumes only 1 person is in the bathroom, meaning that the 5 engineers got by with only buying 1 ticket total..Scene 2 is the next train that the 2 rival teams board. This time around the doctors try to copy the engineers last trick by only buying 1 ticket and planning to squeeze in to the bathroom. The engineers think they can pull it off without buying any tickets at all this time around. This time around both teams squeeze in to two different bathrooms on the train, the doctors having 1 ticket and the engineers having 0. Before the ticket checker comes around though, 1 of the engineers pretends to be the ticket checker and knocks on the door of the bathroom that the doctors are all squeezed in to and takes their 1 ticket. The doctors think they were tricky, but they just gave away their 1 ticket to the engineers team who use it to trick the real ticket checker this time. But sadly, when the real ticket checker makes his way to the doctors team finally, they have no more tickets to give him which causes them a pretty big fine..Scene 3 happens on the smaller local train for the last leg of our 2 teams journey and competition against each other. This time around the doctors think they can play the original 1 ticket trick successfully by making sure it's the real ticket taker they give their ticket to. The engineers however decide to suddenly buy 5 tickets instead of trying any tricks. What the doctors team forgot is that on the final leg of their journey they have to take a smaller train. While most trains they are used to have plenty of bathrooms to hide their team in to pull the prank, the smaller local train doesn't have any at all. This leaves the doctors in a pretty sticky situation when the ticket checker comes around and they have nowhere to hide the 4 ticket-lacking members of their team.
I think the main problem here is that the joke has no setup, is poorly written and isn't really funny.
Aw man, you really had to be there though. Shit's hilarious!
Thank you for that explanation.  I thought I was having an aneurism trying to decipher the original.
Also... Why did he capitalize the entire words in the title and first line?
Because they're actually characters from early Pokemon games. 
Wow 267 upvotes vor a critique on the title.
You yell the words extremely loudly when you tell this joke.
That's the joke, duh. 
Of course, otherwise you'd forget the labels, since they have nothing to do with the rest of the joke.
You can complain, but those of us who are hard of hearing like myself welcome this capitalisation.
I just copied this from an email that an engineer friend forwarded and pasted it here. I didn't do any editing...

Which makes him look dumb.

Your friend seems to be the kind of person who believes that "Engineer" is automatically a synonym for "God-like genius who is better than every other profession"
Nope, engineer in-joke stereotype is asshole that thinks he's  clever but is only clever in a single field.
Dude, sense of humor much?

I was really hoping that was a real sub.
Hope no longer.
TIL it takes a maximum of seventeen minutes to create a subreddit.
Took me 30s, it just took me 15 mins to see the message.
What did you do in those 90 seconds, HUH?! You probably wrote some program, nerd. .EDIT: I meant seconds.
Shit, ya got me.
Thus proving the insecurities of engineers.
I have a . from 
While the engineering discipline is no ivory tower, it still has a hell of a view!
Yes, but climb carefully. If you fall on your way up, you will not only break your bones but the dreams of both you and your family.
Deep.
Wait are you talking about yourself? Heh sorry but I can't help but smirk a little at that. My dad became an engineer in 5 years and graduated at pretty much the top of his class, and he's not a genius or anything. I doubt it can be that hard.
I just failed out of engineering school. It is not for everyone, I had a hard time with concepts after studying a ton. Maybe your dad had a knack for it, but don't say anyone can do it. 
At my school, only about 60% of engineering majors make it past freshmen year.  It's been named the hardest undergraduate major there is.
My dad finished medical school at the top of his class pretty quickly. He only made 1 B the entire time he was in school and it was an advanced physics class he took for fun. He only made As otherwise. He is now a pretty well known and respected doctor in many parts of the country. It seems every doctor I meet locally knows of him. But he's a fucking moron and anyone can be a doctor. Probably much easier than engineering, fuck. I played with Legos! It ain't shit.
as a former engineering- now computer science- major i concur. I think i saw part of my mom die when i told her
Haha, that's funny.  I'm studying electrical engineering, and many of my friends have switched to computer science.  As if CS is an easy degree...
As a CS major, in a lot of places it's not necessarily as work-intensive. That being said, where I am, I see people go from CS to CE pretty often. CS is not for everyone. Mainly because it's not "just programming".
What else is it?

I was tutoring my friends who dropped out of engineering into computer science for the first 2 years of their program, while I barely scrape by my engineering courses year after year. .Difficulty is definitely relative to the person when it comes to university programs.
yeah, because according to my mom computer science is "for stupid people." Mom I'm not stupid i just suck at chemistry. fucking chemistry. haha
Fuck chemistry, but I'm still an EE. The only chemistry I needed was Chem 1 in college.
Damn man
Too late.  Man is already damned.
(HINT: Entomology.).Explanation: . are insects popular known as May flies. . are insects known as June bugs..just a stupid joke I thought of while browsing ..
I studied Entomology with Professor Treebeard back in the 90s!.Still waiting on the final grade.
No
What do you call a white guy surrounded by 10 black guys?.Quarterback.
Gangbang
Fucked? 
What do you call a black guy surrounded by 10 white guys?.Somebody who outta pay their debts.
What do you call a white guy surrounded by 100 black guys? Warden
What do 100 million white men call one black man? Mr. President. 
hahahaha
Wrong. You call him by his proper title: nigger.
You belong in r/4chan
this needs to be in 
I don't think it does.
ok, i truly don't get the joke then..also post it in antijokes for fun -)
There's no water in Africa, so we just threw empty balloons at each other, instead of water balloons.
this needs to be in 
This needs to be in 
eh?
Yeah, I'm a little lost, too.
lame.
Alright, I'll say it...this joke sucks
I think that's the point......
I don't get it, am I the only one?
I hate this damn joke.
Like it..
He paid a bitch to sleep with her.Edit: it's in the bloody title. 
i laughed
i dont know why ur getting downvoted. i laughed to
Yes
Because these are jokes, and laughing is what we're supposed to do?
I just wanted to show the creator my respect. I mean. This got only 25 upvotes but is better than some jokes with 100 upvotes.
Wait I don't understand this joke :(.Is it a play on words "10 minutes slow" or is there something that I missed that would actually make the watch fall more slowly than the others'?
This should clear it up: 
Yep.  That's a dad joke.  :)
So I guess throwing it with one hand and immediately catching it with the other was out of the question.
Ha! Good one! 
When he said the watch is "ten minutes slow" he actually meant that the watch is mentally handicapped.  It's a very rude joke.
So much ice on his watch time froze
Is this a thing now? Am I not getting the reference, or is this an original one-liner? Because this is the fourth comment I've seen on this sub in the past half hour that read like a rap lyric.
It's a thing.I could be mistaken but its most likely a line from RiFF RAFF
Jizz funny
Oh my god. A nude guy told my baby sister this joke while playing with his dick on a hike. She still laughs so fucking hard when I tell her the joke and she remembers.
Amazing. I was just reading through the subreddit for a quick laugh and most of the jokes here are fairly long and sometimes clever, but not particularly funny..Then this one comes along and manages to be so simple and lame that it actually cracked me up. Well done.
You should check out 
Thanks. What a wonderful place.
So stupid/cute, yet made me laugh also. It has been my go to joke for all ages.
This is good.  Cross post it over at . :)
Well, it surely isn't a molar bear.
corny joke at its finest. love it. thank you for making me smile 
Bouncing here and there and everywhere!
I always thought it was a stupid question.  There were eggs long before chickens evolved.  Perhaps if the question were amended to "what came first, the chicken or the chicken egg?" or something....
I once told my boy that women lay eggs once a month too, just like chickens. They just do it inside their bodies. He was baffled.
But is a chicken egg an egg that is laid by a chicken or is it an egg with a baby chicken in it? It depends on what you mean with "a chicken egg".
The second one. 
Then the egg came first, for you.
Yeah,  that is the important question, when you rephrase it the way I did. My guess would be that it is a chicken egg if it has a chicken in it (or was meant to...I don't imagine all eggs wind up fertilized) but at least the room for interpretation is smaller than the traditional phrasing.
Agreed. 
agreed
Makes for a good bar joke if it's not in a department store.
Blind man walks into a bar and starts spinning his seeing eye dog around. Bouncer runs over and asks "What the hell are you doing!?"
Blind man says "scoping out the chicks"
A man invites his friend over to his house to hang out. The friend walks in and starts swinging his dog around by the leash. The man asks, "What the hell are you doing?!" and his friend replies, "I'm taking a look around".There I changed it to a man inviting his friend over, and the joke is that the friend is blind. 
A rooster invites his hamster over to his house to hang out. The hamster walks in and starts swinging his dog around by the leash. The rooster asks, "What the hell are you doing?!" and his hamster replies, "I'm taking a look around".There I changed it to a rooster inviting his hamster over, and the joke is that the hamster is blind.
When I was a kid the punchline was..."Cool, I've never been able to play the piano before"
If I ever have surgery in my life, it is one of my aspirations to say this. That is all.
I'm sorry, but I don't get.
The man thinks that since the doc says he can play afterwards he has discovered a new way to learn without practicing. That is a shitty explanation some one will do one better soon...
CAN I PLAY THE PIANO ANYMORE!?
That was.... Interesting?
Only one of the best Simpsons clips of all time imo!. ;D
He asks "will I be able to play piano after this?" as if the surgery may give him the ability to play the piano well.
Rape here.
No, no. Over here!
White wine... F**k yeah
Keep spreading the love man.
That's not the only thing you're spreading.
Hitler was a fascist   
I didn't see that coming.
sigh
Well yeah, but he was also the leader of the nazi party. The joke isn't too well thought out, lol. I just thought of the pun on nazi and not z, and I quick made a joke. My friend laughed, and so I posted it!.
Oh, I see what you're saying. I changed it WOO!
Joseph Stalin would have made for a better reference in this joke...
Agreed, on political grounds. But then the punchline wouldn't work! 
That joke is so old, you'd need it forwarded to you from a Ouija board
Oooooooohhhhhh!!!!!!!!
So the german ate a bunch of raw bratwurst?  Or did they give him not only a lighter, but firewood and 10 years worth of water.  Same goes for the french dude, they must have been given enough food and water to feed multiple people.  Are the Amazonians prejudiced against greeks?  Or smokers?  Or is the joke that greeks smoke a lot?  Or that germans eat bratwurst?  Or that French people are indifferent rapists?  I don't get it.
Braten is a way of cooking food in german, bratwurst is basically sausage that is prepared by that method.
the joke is they let him have all he wanted. he wanted enough cigarettes for 10 years, but he had nothing to light it with. so he technically, didnt get what he wanted.
Thanks for clearing that up mdragon, the joke is totally hilarious now.
You're just a faggot
Too bad the greek-man didn't have one..Edit: Changed "German" to "Greek-man"
i personally wish i made my reddit account name the same as my minecraft account name, but too late now.
Cool dude.

Logic ruins jokes. Pls stahp
I heard this one with an Alcoholic, a Sex Addict, and a Stoner going to hell and being punished for their sinful behavior.  The alcoholic gets infinite booze, sex addict gets a room full of women demanding constant sex, and the stoner gets infinite weed.  The alcoholic and sex addict after years of booze and sex get tired of their activities and were desperate to get away from said booze and sex.  The stoner was never given a lighter.
Ah, now the joke is funny!  Thanks Noze_Zelle
Nice username. Meet me at Frontier! 
Wow, haven't heard this joke for years! We told a slightly different version back in the 80s. Still funny.
A very common joke in this subreddit. Still very amusing up vote for you (:
I've never seen it.  Or heard it, ever.
[deleted]
I know you're a troll, but seriously, leave. Your comments were kind of amusing at first, but now it's just lame.
He joked about sleeping with baristas mother. FTFY.The barista would not be making, serving, and drinking coffee while insulting the customers.

They actually didn't care for it, and suggested something like the same repost we've seen before.
Personally, I don't like antijokes if you know it's going to be an antijoke, so I appreciate it being posted here. Especially since I've seen this setup a hundred times and I was ready to raise my pitchfork.
I must be getting old - I didn't get that one at all.....Explanation, please?
It's a play on the previously over posted joke with the same set up, but punch line being "he drank his coffee before it was cool." .In the case of my joke, he was "burned" by an insult, not the coffee.
Bravo. I laughed out loud.
I had already downvoted before I saw the punch line. Thank you OP, for not being a fag.
Bravo, you turned a Popsicle quality joke into a double entendre and tricked my expectations.  
No. The hipster isn't the barista in this situation. The hipster ordered a coffee, and while drinking the coffee, the barista made the joke about the hipsters mother. .Ps. Anything can happen in jokes.
Now that's good - not the repost I was expecting.
Everyone threw up their hands in frustration. 
He wasn't hungry anyway, the reason he was late was because he had a case of cold feet.
but the server did give him a hand
they had him for dessert since he was "late" already
Let's get to the heart of the matter
He didn't get a head start
I've heard this sake joke but told with an Italian, a Mexican and the one who packed his own lunch was a redneck. Also, they were construction workers and their wives packed their lunches. 
Amusing joke.
To be honest, this joke really sucks, sorry.
I love this joke, but I tell it with male construction workers and their wives (provides a building for jumping).
less joke, more suicidal blonde who doesn't want to die alone
Badly worded.  The blonde clearly states "our mothers" make PB&J.
That's part of the joke, reaffirming her stupidity.
The mom could say "I don't understand, she made her own lunch that morning"

WHOA WHOA WHOA LET'S CALM DOWN FOR A SECOND HERE NO NEED TO GET UPSET OMG Y U SHOUTING BRO
Titys
Fucking geniuse lol
Bwahahahjahhhahhha 
Ty. Ty. I will be here all week... don't forget to tip your waitress.
but just the tip. just to see how it feels.
So... having women problems, huh?
I don't get it?
Things are great; this came to mind when I played with the punch line "the spelling"
Punch... what... I don't ge- oh! ohhohoHAHAHHA! I see it now!.It's because witches do more spell-ing than women, right?
"You got it, dude" 
Or when you heard it about a hundred or so times. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
-1 points for being a gentle soul and an comedic ass at the same time. Have an upvote
She weighs as much as a duck. 
King Arthur?! 
But is she made of wood?
Yes it is I, Arthur of Camelot, King of the Brittains. 
*Britons.
i never voted for you
You don't vote for kings.
Clever upvoted =D
I'll bet it knocked Rihana right off the charts.
Or.(D- size cups are larger than C)
To fit means to be the proper size for something. So saying something does not fit means it is not the correct size regardless of it being too big or small.
To cover there tits?
Its because they're prudish
I don't mean to be overly critical, but technically captainmeta4 is correct. To fit is to be the proper size and shape, however, . is to find room or have sufficient space for someone or something. As a D cup is larger than a C cup, your statement is incorrect. You can either remove the superfluous word, or replace the phrase with one of the previous suggestions. Or don't, . just letting you know that you're wrong. Hope that helps.
Oh i see what you mean.  That makes sense.  Good explanation.  Thank you!
I've heard "They grew out of their b-shells."
B-shells are too small and D-shells are too big.
I'm pretty sure that how the joke was meant to end. It makes alot more sense 
where's the joke? isn't this true?
This has potential to be a decent 1-liner, I just think the number is too big.  11 Might work, or 12.  1000 is just ridiculous.
I do admit that 1000 is overkill but nethertheless i laughed.
I was hoping you'd say gieger counter
You can do this with 10 fingers using binary! Tada! I ruined the joke.
How the hell do you raise your ring finger without the rest of the hand going into a giant lockdown-spasm?
Honest answer? Practice. I can do it. 
That was the answer that I didn't want to hear.. oh well, time to look stupid :D
The way I heard it (from the last time this joke was posted, 20 days ago):.Two guys are sitting next to each other at the skybar of a 20 story hotel. One turns to the other and says "I bet you fifty bucks I can jump out that window and be just fine."."No way, you're on," the second guy scoffs. "But leave the 50 with the bartender, so I know I'm gonna get it.".The challenger sets his wallet on the bar, walks past the bartender, who's rolling his eyes, and takes a running leap out the window. Three minutes later, he walks out of the elevator, not a scratch on him.."Alright, clearly some sort of trick," the other guy grumbles as he reluctantly pulls a 50 out of his wallet. "How's it work?"."Well, there's an updraft formed between these two buildings. At the last minute, it cushions your fall so it's more like you're only falling 3 feet."."Bullshit. Double or nothing, and this time I'm watching.".So our intrepid bettor takes a second leap out the window, this time with his new skeptical buddy watching. Sure enough, as he nears the ground floor, he slows down and lightly lands on his feet.."Fine!" the second man shouts, slamming another 50 on the bar. "So it's just a trick, anyone can do it! My 100 bucks says I can do it too.".The first man thinks for a minute, and says "Works for me," gesturing vaguely toward the window. As soon as the second man jumps, the first follows him through the window..As he walks back in through the skybar elevator, leafing through the second guy's wallet, the bartender looks at him, sighs, and says "Superman, you are a serious dick when you're drunk."
I heard it where the bar was on top of a mountain at a ski resort. Superman would float back through the window "because since we are up so high the wind blows so hard it pushes me back in the window."
I read another like this but i still find it funny. Upvote for you.
No offense, but its people like you that show that its ok to repost jokes... Its not... stop enabling these people.
Isn't reposting looked down on because of the karma whoring?  And there's no karma from posting here so who cares?  
What's wrong with reposted jokes? Everyone doesn't check this subreddit every 10 minutes. So not everyone sees it each time. Plus if you really like a joke it helps you remember them. 
Well, when you've seen a joke 30 times, and it wasn't even funny the first time, what is the point in seeing it more?.Also, If I really like a joke, I can go back through the subreddit and look for the joke...
If you have seen it before, hit the back button. These take less than a minute to read.
Typically I downvote and continue on my way. This time was an exception.
You tell people their post quality is bad because you heard a joke before? Tell me a joke that's never been told before then.
So there's these two guys, and they're sitting there talking about My Little Pony. This third guy comes up and he's like: "You guys are so stupid talking about ponies. You know that it's a show for little girls right.".One guy says: "Oh yeah? What makes you so sure this is a show for little girls, Mr. Macho Tough Guy?".He responds: "Well, for one I don't watch the show, and I have a dick. So there."./end joke.Boom! A brand new joke, suck it Mr. Macho Tough Guy.
Repost!!!!
No, your post is a repost. I can, without a doubt, say I've seen this one before.

Sorry, that's not a joke. A . is supposed to be .Not to mention that variations of this joke could probably be found wherever one would find forums about MLP. 
Who in god's name has ever said that a joke was supposed to be funny?.Besides I found it funny, so by your logic its a joke..Nope... I'm pretty sure you couldn't find a variation of this joke... Most bronies I know are much smarter and have too much self-respect to post this ANYWHERE.

Ok my bad, I meant a joke that someone older than 6 would laugh at.
Hey, that's insulting to 6 year old people!
The real joke is watching . crash and burn in the comment section.
Here's the joke re-done in the bizarre future of Transmetropolitan: .And here it is, told by Sir Paul McCartney (embellished a little, but losing none of the dirt): 
Oh for heavens sake.
[deleted]
I think it's more of a deconstruction process..
I don't get it.
He fucked a goat, and that's what he's known for, despite his multiple contributions to his town.
oh, ok.
Nothing to see here, comment graveyard
[deleted]
God I will kill you
What did he say?
He probably said something along the lines of: I fucked your mom and your a fagit cause of it lololol gay. (His constant misspelling not mine) I've only seen his username on . but he's just my least favorite troll. I tell him to kill himself or I hate him almost every chance I get. I downvote his comments even when I agree with them. For the record I've never agreed with him. .Edit: I found his username its . god we hate him
That guy needs to be in the "most hated redditor" thread. He's on his way. I'm just wondering why he deleted that one? It seems like he never gets positive karma...
Now i get it!
[deleted]
You know that you can reply to a comment by pressing "reply", right?
Don't feed the trolls. 
Not funny. Who has teeth in their butt?
that girl in teeth does.

[deleted]
The . banner needs to be "remember, this isn't circlejerk.
I no rite?!
Sadly, I thought of the movie of the chick with chompers in her cooter.
[deleted]
Wait, you think it was a great thing that 19 humans lost their lives protecting the private industry, it's people and their assets? I don't give a fuck what you think about government, that is entirely messed up. 
I would love to replace one of them with you. Sick freak.
As a libertarian, fuck off dude.
wat
Laxbro1999 has better comments than this.
 off topic? That's a bit of an understatement.
Other than firefighters paid for by a particular industries plant, e.g., petroleum or chemical, I've never heard of private sector fire crews..But why would you think private sector fire fighters would not also have the same mentality of false authority? Have you never seen rent-a-cops or mall police overstep?
It's copypasta troll, don't put to much thought into it. 
You are right. Thanks..I have so much to learn about sites like this.
Why the fuck would you attach that to my comment?! ughhhh
Teeth
TEETH!
Teeth?.Ah, yes, that's what they're called. I knew "chompers" wasn't right.
I smirked.
Now hold on just a minute there, pardner'. This is a blonde joke. We can't just start replacing "blonde" with "men"! That would going too fair.
A blonde wouldn't have ducked.
"Two blondes walk into a bar. The brunette ducked."
"Two blondes walked into a bar, the third blonde saw the bar yet decided to still walk into it due to peer pressure"
which reminds me of a great cuba gooding jr B movie.
Pls explain..
A group of crows is called a murder.
TIL. Thank you.
How did the baby get there in the first place? Artificial in-sea-mination.
Ha
Who eats chili with a fork?
This has been my go to joke for a while now.
I hurt my spleen laughing at that
What a dick!
I love how OP just had to include how the man was black. Racism are so arrogant. Fuck you OP and fuck this racist ass country.
It doesn't say he's black in the joke. I think you're the real racist 
Vijay Amritraj?! Really?!
Read the joke, chuckled. read the comment, thought wth. reread joke, nope no black reference, downvote the douchebag.
You got trolled OP! I bet you feel so silly. laxbro1999 got you good. I bet he feels really good about the 2 seconds of inconvenience he caused you as you replied to him.
He feels even better every time people reply and insult him too. 
Why say "fuck" but not "ass"?
Britain 
Oh okay, thanks for the clarification! 
Arse=Ass
The dog or the arse?
That joke must have been going at least Mach 4 over your head.
That's what a Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor with a strapped-on additional jet propulsion engine does.
+1 for semi-relevant username
you mean 1023 MB?
Yeah, that's the way I've always heard this joke.
I thought it was because you byte.
Don't listen to the haters, this is pretty clever
Uh... Didn't get it... Mind explaining? 
I get it, the joke was someone telling him it was worthy of posting!
I would say, make it "is that some kind of joke?" or something similar. You must be joking feels a bit ...... Dunno..... Joking isnt the same as telling a joke
I think it's referenced to the saying 'Breaking the fourth wall' where, for example, in a sitcom, the actors act as if they are aware that they are in a sitcom. I don't quite get how this relates to the joke though.
Breaking The fourth wall is a term for acknowledging that whatever movie, or book your in isn't real, and that you have an audience. When asked about the fourth wall, the architect says, you must be joking. .I came up with this one myself and am definitely open to criticism or improvements people may have. 
Oh... I see... I just wasn't familiar with this saying. Thanks for explaining!.But still, i dont know how this can relate to the joke.
Good idea. I'll add that to future retellings.
Would have been funnier as, "He looked into the camera and said, 'You must be joking...'"
Ah! Perfect! That fixes the problem. Thank you.
I tell this joke sometimes, but I always have a sensuikan, rather than a U-boat, breaking the surface.
What are soldiers doing on submarines?
Because everyone knows the Navy is filled with Seamen
Exactly so what are soldiers doing on them 
It's classified. 
Haben wir den Krieg gewinnen?
*gewonnen .Source: I speak German
Oops, my german is VERY rusty...
Same here, I need to practice speaking it again :/.Edit: fixed typo
I know the joke with this as the punchline.
"Did ve vin ze var?
For anyone confused, they did not win the war.
Spoilers!
Also U-boats are german.
Underkerbutton
he he he. You all are idiots.
Sure, really.
Ja, no, Fine (will only be appreciated by South Africans!)
This is a rather famous story. The punch line is "Yeah, yeah". 
lol it wood hav ben more better if the voice from the back said ' i have cancer' lmfao
Well then.
Hahaha laxbro you da man
well, thats better than 
"Yeah" and "right" are both positives, but they are usually said in a sarcastic tone making them negatives. 
I think you should respond to all these jokes with "OOOOHHOHOHO! IT'S FUNNY BECAUSE [reason]" Maybe then you'll get an upvote from me.
Much like dissecting a frog, you can take apart a joke to see how it works but the thing dies in the process.
Yeah, right!
At first I thought you were some smart ass trying to ruin the joke.
To be fair, he is.
yeah, right
What the fuck kind of joke is this? One of those . jokes?
On a scale to 1 to faggot, how much of a douche are you?
Fucking Olympians with their blingy medals and endorsement contracts, wouldn't want those showoffs in my place either. 
because he is black.
because he looks like a monkey.
Yeah I'm sure whenever he goes to a bar he brings all of his medals and endorsement contracts with him, that asshole.
it's called r/jokes.
My joke might suck, but taking it literally? Yikes.
You've gon too deep.
Nah, they probably only serve losers in that bar.
Either way I bet the bar is in Dallas. 
Not sure if you didn't realise it's in Europe, or you're implying that Bolt could run the distance.
Why not both?
Well, you seem to be somewhat of an expert on the subject, so let me try one on you that I've been working on for a while. .I'm still working on it, so let me know if it's any good, or if I can make any improvements. 
Here goes:.So the other day I was talking to my architect friend who was working on one of his houses. I asked him how it was going, and he said pretty well. He said the first two walls had been raised, and that they were working on the third. I looked around, but didn't see any more building materials, so I asked what about the fourth wall? He looked up and said, what? You must be joking! .I have no idea if this is funny, or the joke is clear, but I'd appreciate any help anyone's willing to offer! 
Oh man, yeah, I'm gonna try this out! You have to not make a lot of eye contact in the beginning...You say the bit about the architect building the walls to the house, says "we're putting the finishing touches on the third wall, and then we're all set," and I asked him, "what about the fourth wall?" and he says... (turn to the audience with a hammy shrug and a Mister Saturday night grin) "you kiddin' me?".BEST JOKE THIS YEAR.
Right, this is my long story/joke..I was in a pub out the back of nowhere, with a mate, and we struck up a great conversion with an old farmer at the bar. I asked him to tell us a bit about himself, and he told is this great story. "See, I loved tractors, right, ever since I was a little kid, my dad would take me out to lots of tractor shows around the state, and to my favourite, tractor towing contests". I had no idea that this was a thing, and so I asked him about it.."It's basically tug of war, two tractors tied onto a big strong chain, , and they try to pull each other over the mid point. Out where I used to live, these competitions where held every second Saturday, I'd won a few titles myself, actually. One weekend, quite a long time ago, I met a lady at one of these events, Angie, her name was, and we hit it off straight away. She was as into tractors as much as anyone I knew, almost more than me! I could hardly believe it. Well, 10 short months down the track, I asked her to marry me, and she said yes! In another 2 months, we married in my dad's barn. I was the happiest man alive." .He looks down into his empty beer glass, and spins it slowly on the bar,  a sad smile playing across his mouth. I offer him a refill, but he declines. He continues...."That weekend, Angie and I went to the tractor pulling together, as we had done every second weekend since we met, and stood on the fence line, cheering on the two tractors. The engines were revving, the mud was flying, the chain was creaking, and then..." He swallows, blinking. "... The chain snaps. A single link flies off, and hits Angie, square in the chest. There was nothing I could do, nothing anyone could do." He goes back to looking into his glass, slowly turning it on the bar. "That day, I swore myself of tractors, forever. I couldn't look at a tractor without being flooded with feelings. Every second Saturday, I'd visit Angie's grave, with fresh flowers. A year passed in the blink of an eye, then 2 more. I finally got out and about, my mates dragged me down to the pub one evening, for a bucks night. While we were there, I had a few too many beers, and ended up taking to a lady who was at the pub that night. It turns out she loved tractors! We had a good talk, and chatted long in to the night. I thought to myself, maybe this lady is the one? But just as last drinks were being called, smoke starts to come out of the kitchen, and the bartender come running out, yelling ' the place is on fire!' Every one is rushing for the doors, but I just say there  and took in deep breath, I just kept sucking in air, until there was no more to be sucked in, and the fire went out!".I had to stop him there, that's not possible, I told him, you can't do that.."Of course I can mate, I told you, I'm an ex-tractor fan.".Edit: Ok, so this is a long joke, typed on my phone, at 12:30. There are probably a few errors... 
Edit2: Morning after fix.

This has the potential to be one of the funniest jokes ever. I'm nervous that when I'm typing this, I'll turn and see a studio audience.
Great! So how would you improve it? Variants have been bouncing around in my head for months before I convinced myself it was worth sharing.! 
Oh good . .Good googley moogley, that is a wonderful terrible thing.
Really? Awesome! Nobody steal it, I'm making it its own post! 
What's wrong with the Nate and Lever? It wasn't bad.
That joke got lost in the desert
Levers give me the rheumatism.
please explain
It's great. Eagle's joke is that the fourth wall is a concept used in drama, any form of storytelling really, where we all agree that the characters are unaware they are characters. You see this famous 'breaking of the fourth wall' all the time. Shakespeare does it, where Richard III talks to Lady Anne, then turns to the audience and says, "man, check out this slick move." Or in, like, every Woody Allen movie. Where something is happening and he turns to the camera and says, "Can you believe this, what this schmuck is saying to me?".Robin Hood, Men in Tights. Cary Elwes turns to the camera and says, "unlike other Robin Hoods, I can speak with a British accent.".So in this joke, you pretend to be the architect breaking the fourth wall. 
You might have read it before.... .A man walks into a bar and sees a 12 inch pianist playing the piano.  He talks to the bartender and says, "That's amazing! Where did you find a 12 inch pianist?".The bartender replies, "Oh, I have a genie in the back room who grants wishes.  Give it a try if you want.".The man goes to the genie and says, "Oh genie, I wish I had a 100 million bucks."  The genie nods his head and a few seconds later there's a puff of smoke and 100 million ducks fly over the man's head..The man goes back to the bartender and complains, "I wished for 100 million bucks, not 100 million ducks!".And the bartender says, "Do you really think I wished for a 12 inch pianist?"
A man walks into a bar and sees a 12 inch pianist playing the piano. He talks to the bartender and says, "That's amazing! Where did you find a 12 inch pianist?".The bartender replies, "Oh, I have a genie in the back room who grants wishes. Give it a try if you want.".The man goes to the genie and says, "Oh genie, I wish I had a 12 inch pianist, too." The genie nods his head and a few seconds later there's a large bulge in the man's pants..The man goes back to the bartender and hands him a piece of paper, "."
Yeah, thanks! I've indeed heard it, that joke is so famous it gets its own hotel room when it visits the Bellagio. .But the duck part was new to me!
duck part? what version of the joke did you hear? 
Well, in the last 33 years I've heard this joke about fifty times. Usually, the word 'pianist' is not mentioned until the punchline, it's just "a little guy playing a piano." Sometimes people will mention that he's about a foot high, sometimes it's just a given he's small. Often, the bartender warns the patron that the genie (or djinn or djini or djinni depending on if we're playing scrabble) is a tad hard of hearing. The guy says "why?" and then we get the punchline. .In your version, you say "12 inch pianist" twice before the punchline, and it's hard to imagine a person who can hear the words "12 inch pianist" and . think of a big ol' donk. And then the duck thing happens..The duck part is great, actually. I mean it. 
Ah I see. I just copied and pasted it haha. Yeah, the word pianist makes the punchline very predictable. 
I was expecting all the women he knows are ho ho ho's.
Because Santas sack is filled with presents.
Because he feels he shouldn't do anything naughty.
I thought it was, why is Santa's sack so big? Because he only comes once a year.
because it's hard for an old man grew up children alone in north pole
You could say that, and then OPs as a followup
Why doesn't Santa have a wife?
Cause he has his ho ho hoes.
Because he doesn't fuck many.
Because Mrs. Claus is a fat old bitch.
Explain please, I don't get the reference
I hate you. 
Wonderful. I'm in awe. 
Cassius Clay was (and is) an astounding boxer and a paragon of humanity. Early in his career, he converted to Islam and changed his name to Muhammad Ali. He refused to fight in the Vietnam War, uttering the famous phrase, "No Viet Cong ever called me nigger.".Ernie Terrell once goaded him before a fight, calling him Cassius. Ali absolutely obliterated him in the ring, throwing massive hooks and crying, "What's my name?" after each punch landed. Oh, such a beautiful thing. Ali is prone to hyperbole, and often referred to himself as 'The Greatest'. Eventually, he added onto it and was self-dubbed 'The Greatest of All TIME'. A great book called GOAT came out by Taschen (it costs about a thousand dollars) and it details his life and career..So you see, Muhammad Ali is really Cassius Clay. And he is the Greatest of All Time. 
Ahhhhhh, one. If it gets one, it's alllllllll worth it.
This is comedy.  Champagne comedy!
Too bad this is too long for a Pearls Before Swine strip. Beautiful work, sir.
Maybe Stephan Patsis wants to expand his repertoire a little bit...thanks compadre. 
I do nazi the punchline
Ehhh ill give that joke a nein out of ten.
I'm impressed that you are able flip the quotation marks upside down like that. 
That's how it's done in Germany (and probably other countries as well).
Isn't that just 2 commas? 
I am not a clever person.
can someone explain?
The cat will eventually lick the mustard off, because like all cats, it cleans itself by licking.
Cat want potato, no mustard.
Cats lick their anuses periodically, to clean them. It doesn't matter what is on it - be it feces or mustard - they'll lick it off..The joke is that knowing a person's nature, his compulsions, is often important in knowing how to persuade such a person. To rely solely on knowledge of a person's desires and voluntary tendencies is insufficient..Or, you know, you could laugh at the mental image of a cat licking mustard off of his ass while a bunch of stuffy Europeans in suits watch.
Is Latvian Cat, Cat get no potato
Is cold. No food. Cat die. 
Such is life!
So what is this implying we should do about the Middle East...?
Put mustard on their asses and force them to lick it off.
Or maybe, put mustard on the ass of the Middle East... Whatever that is... Maybe Egypt. 

Wasn't he the host of a TV show?
too soon bro
"This messiah is so raw its still weeping!!"
"... it needs a sweet red wine.".We're both going to hell for this, you know that right?
The show was called Hell's Kitchen,  ironically. 
Smoking a cigarette with a condom on it sounds like a terrible idea..
Of course I just find this was posted 2 days ago. If you didn't see that one well then enjoy this one!
I've always heard this joke with the women as nuns. It makes more sense that they didn't know what a condom was, but less sense because why the fuck are nuns smoking?
+1 for relevant username
Thank you for admitting your faggotry OP. perhaps the hivemind will be merciful. I wish you luck.
..."Arms ain't got nothing to do with it. It's Frank. He got his job because of Frank. It's always friggin Frank."
This would make it a good, unexpected joke.
..who gives a crap, he makes the best banana daiquiris!
Maybe the lack of a punch line is the punch line...
Aren't we all dead?
...can't a fella hire his mother-in-law without you two buffoons questioning his motivations?.(Or maybe 'questioning her credentials' depending on the way the first part is worded)
Uh, really depends on what kind of "hole" we're talkin' 'bout. ;)
Are you sure it's not Doug?
What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs hanging on a wall? Art.What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs under a car? Axel.What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs who used to be a boxer? Big Ears.What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs in a mailbox? Bill.What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs in a pool? Bob.What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs in a bank? Buck.What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs on your shoulder? Chip.What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs covered with oil? Derrick.What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs with a spade? Doug.What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs without a spade? Douglas.What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs flying over the fence? Homer.What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs in a GMC? Jimmy.What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs in the bathroom? John.What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs impaled on a stick? Lance.What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs on a porch? Mat.What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs laying on a piece of paper? Mark.What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs on a stage? Mike.What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs in a hole? Phil.What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs on a hill? Roland.What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs under a bush? Russell.What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs waterskiing? Skip.What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs in a hot tub? Stu.What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs with a pet rabbit? Warren.What do you call a gal with no arms and no legs floating on a pond? Lily.What do you call a gal with no arms and no legs hanging on a clothes line? Peg.What do you call a gal with no arms and no legs between two slices of bread? Patty
Two guys by your widows?
Kurt n Rod
I got happy..until I saw it was 
Seriously? All you did was reword what the first guy said
they are posted at the same time..I didn't see that when I posted it
For real? You simply paraphrased the previous gentleman's comment...
actually, . got to it about 10 minutes before you did
Did he? Well alright then..Good for him. I guess we think alike
To be fair, this is r/Jokes. That kind of thing is normal. It's just a bit odd for him to not have waited a week first.
For one second I had hope, then I saw it was .. 
I almost died laughing after reading the headline itself.
His husband?
Ah, a Freudian slit.....Slip, Goddammit!
Ah, when you say one thing and mean your mother
the man with the gun fainted.
and the robber tells him "Nice one wise guy. Now, borrow $200 from him, then hand over the wallets!"
Your joke is funny, but seriously, I love being in a hospital. It's a feeling of safeness. When I quit the hospital to go back home after being in the hospital for 7 (3 days in the incredibly comfy ICU) days I was even quite sad, it was so nice being there.
Yes the nurses around are pretty good.
i hate hospitals...maybe because my dad is always in the hospital. buut i do like the feeling of death
Man, that's depressing.   You would trade your normal life for a life where absolutely no one wants you to be.   
this joke was inspired by an old lady who smelled like medicine that sat next to me on the plane.
My grandma always smelled like mothballs.  Don't ask me how I knew what those smelled like though...
How do you know what they smell like? 
I had to smell them for a summer job.  The bitch is spreading their legs apart
yes, I have heard.
I can't tell that joke because I'm bervally sylsdexic.
Meh
Severely dyslexic 
Verbally
[deleted]
Satin is a nice material, but not as good as silk. I'll worship that instead. 
My mother had a terrible cold and was taking NightQuil while wrapping presents after midnight mass...and in her sickened and  sleep deprived  she asked my father how do you spell Santa? To which my father replied s.a.n.t.a wait then what is s.a.t.a.n  satan he chuckled and said don't worry the kids never read whom it's from....Christmas morning my two brothers wake me, we run down stairs my little brother picks the first gift and reads Merry Christmas Marissa Love Satan...he read it twice and showed it to my oldest brother we looked at each other and then my little brother says Mum did I get any presents from Satan? All of my presents were from Satan that year and every year my brothers remind me of that Christmas.  TL/DR Satan gave me a hula hoop and a soccer ball.
Then where do his Christmas lists go?
Wouldn't it suck to have a dyslexic mailman? 
Well him plus dyslexic kids who send their Christmas lists to satan would probably work out right then. Dyslexia cancels dyslexia.
His twin brother worships Dog.
Same guy that did . I assume?
and those who repost joke after only 4 days
Why are you being down voted..
You left out two.
There are 10 types of people in the world. .Those who understand binary, and those who don't.
That's four, asshole.
I wish those two would learn how to count
You mean those five, dont you.
I first read "Chris" as Christ...
I'm pretty sure they had horses back then...which destroy the whole point. Nice try though 2/5
Some rode donkeys. But still, sounds like a smart ass remark my father would say when he isn't drunk... which is about 1 hr a day. 
Also the bible forbids hair-cutting.
So, what is the point you are getting at?
For a specific sect of judaism. Be specific.
:(
I said the bible, not Judaism, not 7th Day Adventism, not Presbyterianism. It says it in the bible. I didn't say who follows that part of the bible, just that it's written there.
Old testament rules man, everything changed when the jesus nation attacked
Technically yes, but also technically no. Matthew 5:18 - For verily I say unto you, Till heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled.
You remember this is r/jokes right?
Right. So you better upvote my comment.
I thought I was in . 
This joke was funnier in the 70's when owning a vehicle was a status symbol, as opposed to being the necessity it is in this era.  The Bible references aren't as "safe" as they seem, either.  Moses definitely never had a father around to buy him a brand new Lexus.
[deleted]
 is leaking.
this is more like a punchline in a sitcom than a joke thats
Chris answered: "but dad, they didn't even have cars back then!".And then they blew each other.
10/10 would read again is best ending ever
It was a good solid joke but let's not get crazy here. 
You must be a fun person at a party...
It does sound like a joke that fat southerners would tell each other in the 60's/70's and then bitch about hippies and draft dodgers.
It's nice to hear a good, clean joke that doesn't mock a religion. Thanks OP.
This joke was not "good".
What makes you say that?
Came here to say this.
It is nice, yes.  But still a little disappointing.
Clean jokes are generally worth a chuckle, which is why dirty jokes are so common. This is just a good clean joke
Religion does just fine mocking itself. 
I think we all need to take a moment and commend this guy or gal on their astounding cleverness, and ability to be smarter than the average person. .This man or woman has taken the step forward, the necessary leap to berate and insult an entire group of people to prove, once and for all that the fundie menace is unintelligent. .And let me tell you people, that...that is a great thing. .It does my heart good to see such amazing and supreme wit come crashing down on the heads of the ignorant and stupid, and I think we can all agree that this particular individual is a master of words, and has completely destroyed Christianity as a whole with his or her fantastic display of blatant superiority that comes with denouncing faith and belief. 
 is that way <-.
Nope im good. 
Apparently not, if you feel the need to spread the negativity on this subreddit..I mean come on, do you really feel the need to be bashing groups of people on .?
It was a joke on r/jokes. Deal and move on with life. 
It was a rather shitty joke, I must say.
Dont cry. 
I think you're one of the first people I've seen who are actually upset about a couple of downvotes...
Upset?? That why i keep commenting and getting downvoted by the regime?  If i was worried about that, wouldn't have responded or deleted my comments. You are more upset that what i said happens to be extremely true and it hurts. Its ok tho. 

 FTFY
the funny thing about this is I misread the title.. I thought it said "CHRIST" says to his father...(it's late)
Haha I did the same!
[deleted]
I'm upvoting you because you want downvotes. Burn in hell. 
In 6 days he has -2,500 karma. I have to say, that's impressive.
It's best not doing anything with his comments. Either way, you're giving him attention, which he craves.
That's really pathetic. Negative attention . easier to get, but it says about the guy running the novelty that he doesn't believe himself able to earn positive attention. He's given up.
Was he Mexican?
The vicious could have been dropped though.
I feel the joke would be better if the word "vicious" was left out.  This being Reddit, we wouldn't want to implicate Rottweilers are naturally "vicious" dogs and cause an uproar.  Maybe I'm just baked.  
Replace Rottweiler with guard dog..Eezy-peezy.
But the problem is it's implying the rottweiler is vicious if it isn't included by nature because .Wouldn't work because a labrador won't try and nom nom on you if you annoy it 
Actually, leaving it out would imply that, because that would mean that "Rottweiler" is inherently threatening. The need to specify that this Rottweiler is a vicious one implies that not all Rottweilers are vicious, but this one is. .Maybe I'm just a linguistic snob. 
You're all over-analyzing a simple joke...
I'm not over-analyzing the joke, I am merely over-analyzing semantics!
Damn
Wowssy...
And die by running into a big fat wall of text.
Unfortunately the cheque trick might fail for all that the lawyer friend knows. If someone picks up the cheque and drops it in the bank, he stands to lose $50 after all.
It's a good joke. Ignore everyone else here. 
COCK
Read the title and thought of BILL BRASKY!!! "'Bill Brasky is a son of a bitch."
Cool joke
I think it's just late at night but I don't get the joke. He does not lose money because he is giving a check to a dead guy but how is he gaining money?
He picked up $100...
Oh he picked up his friend's money?.The wording is unclear
He gained money because a dead guy can't cash a check, but he kept the cash.
I hate to say it, but sir, it is your brain that is unclear
I should go to bed
No harm in it (: 
TIL, the Murricas . spell it check. Outside of the US, it's cheque.
By "Outside the US", I think you really mean places where they speak British English.  I'm sure China, India, Spain, France, etc. spell it something differently.
That was implied. 
[deleted]
You're on a jokes subreddit.

No it wasn't. Granted, the French spell it "cheque," too (I'm missing an accent), but that's probably because most European languages have the same ancestral language.
Actually it's cheque in French too!
In spanish speaking countries it is cheque too
I think that the professions of the first two men should have been mentioned, as well. It would draw more attention to the third man's being a lawyer, which didn't even register to me the first time I read it. Still a clever joke, though.
The joke specifically states the third guy is a lawyer. The other two guys professions are irrelevant.
When I originally read this joke, it was "An American, an Englishman, and a Jew go to a funeral...".I try to find a way to make jokes just a funny without racism.
It does state that yes, but the joke as written does nothing to make it clear that it's a "lawyers are scum" joke, rather than simply a joke about a tricky bastard. By emphasizing the careers of the players, attention would be drawn to the third man as a lawyer.
IMO the joke is quite simple and way to get, it's just a bad joke. Haha
A dead guy can't cash a check.
I'd actually heard the joke before and didn't get it. This time I got it (before I saw your comment, though). Dunno why you're being downvoted!
WARNING: COMMENT WASTELAND 
COM-MENT WASTE-LAAAAAAAND, IT'S JUST A COOOOMMMENT WASTE-LAND...WE'RE DOWN-VOTED!
[deleted]
You're somehow becoming one of my favorite users. It's so interesting to see the different ways in which you garner downvotes so quickly..I hope you don't get b& or anything.
Clever 
Why doesn't he write a check for $50?
Because then he wouldn't be able to take the other 50s in change. The dead guy won't be able to cash the check, so the third man will still keep the $150 he wrote it for, while also keeping the $100 that he took. 
If someone were to see the man in the casket later, they'd see a $150 check from only the lawyer, instead of $50 from everybody. The lawyer is essentially stealing their credit.
That's not the joke. The joke is that a dead person can't cash a check, so he just made $100. 
Oh. I am slow.
He's only "giving" 50 dollars, so he takes the 100 already in the dead dude's pocket and leaves the check for 150. 150-100=50. And since dead people can't cash checks, he just made 100 dollars
WARNING: This is the part where the joke is explained to people who don't understand jokes.
Exhibit A
Haha
Should've just said Ha. You could've had all the upvotes.
I'm here for jokes not karma.
Then why did you post? 'Haha' doesn't contribute to any sort of discussion. And, i'm feeling a little pedantic today, so therefore you must be downvoted according to reddiquette.
I'm feeling a little pedantic as well which is why I don't give a shit what you or 68 of you neckbeard cunts says.
Oh I see, so disagreeing with the content of your comment makes us .Coming from the guy who calls people cunts for the very imaginary internet points he claims to have no care for.
I don't care about the imaginary internet points, I do care that people are completely going nuts over one comment. . is a joke.
They aren't going nuts over one comment. Part of reddiquette is that if you see a comment that does not contribute, you downvote it and move on. Whilst this is rarely followed, the few times that It actually is, people are called something like a "cunt". .You clearly do care about said imaginary internet points otherwise why start acting butthurt in an edit?.Also, I doubt that the total amount of your downvotes accounts for the subreddit in its entirety, do please refrain from taring everyone with the same brush.
No, listen here smartass. Its NOT the points I care about. Its the fact that people DID swarm all over my comment and that people on this subreddit do it to others even if they do contribute to discussion..So I will tar whoever with whatever the fuck I want..Goodnight.
Oh touchy touchy. Hit a nerve did I?.Well either way, you're still an ass..So yes, goodnight.

I'm also feeling a bit pedantic. It's pedantic not pendatic.
Therefore you must be downvoted.
Oh my mistake, i'll fix it. I always seem to spell it wrong and my phone never catches the error.
I expected third man had been fucking his wife.
Kind of a cheap shot at lawyers, would have been funny without saying he was one. Still funny though
No, he lost a piece of paper that says $150 on it.
[deleted]
Your are the dumbest human being alive
*You're
You're a faggot. Better? 
God damn woman, you're thick headed.
For a cake day, you're not a very clever one. 
Correct, because your landlord then cashes the check. The money is still in your account until that happens..If you wrote a check and then burned it you didn't lose any money. In this case the check gets buried with the dead guy, same thing.
[deleted]
I don't feed trolls I don't like, but you're brilliant. 
Not sure if you are confused about how checks work, or the nature of death (or both).
You realize that most corpses don't deposit checks?
MOST??!?!??!? 
Only a Sith deals in absolutes.
A phrase, which itself is an absolute.  
Shit. You found out I'm a Sith.
I'm 16 and I do not understand how checks work.
none of these downvotes are showing up on my karma count
I'm 16 and I hope you're joking. 
Well... Basically, you have to be alive to cash a check.
idk why they downvoted your question.  Seemed like a reasonable thing to need to know.
If Bob writes a check to Joe for $100, the bank will take $100 from Bob's account . when Joe deposits the check. Since the dead man will be buried with the check written to him, it is worthless, as he will never cash or deposit the check.
The joke is that anyone who "gives" a check that won't be deposited will never actually have to part with the money they wrote the check for.
The guy in the casket will never cash the check. Because he is dead. And about to be buried. In the ground. 
[deleted]
Look at the karma, this guys a troll
Or you're very stupid and don't understand how checks work.
It's reasonable for someone to not know how cheques work. Although this particular individual said they pay their rent by cheque, I and almost everyone I know do not and almost never have written, cashed or even held a cheque. With Internet banking I have seen a serious decrease in the number of cheques used. But things may be different in other countries.
[deleted]
I didn't realize 7-11 payed that much.
That makes it even worse!
I hope to god you're trolling. 
Are you just here to argue? And how does your wage or being a college graduate prove your intelligence? 
Stop feeding it man!

Lawyers are part of the scum of the earth. Oh, 10 minute phone call with me? That'll be $75.00...
Have you ever actually met a lawyer? Like as a friend? They're the ones who make sure laws are actually followed. Who keep society from just having having a police force be the judge, jury, and executioner.
you are also paying for the decade(s) of studying and 80 hours work weeks, and the crippling debt, and the odds of not even finding a job, which is pretty high...If you think its that simple, just take a student loan and become a lawyer. Then you can charge 75$ for a phone call.
This is correct. When you pay a professional, you are paying for ., not for the time. I'm sure you can find a lawyer who won't charge $75 for a phone call, but they're going to be a moron and aren't going to win your case.
checks have to be cashed. it will never be cashed. he walked away with +100 dollars
[deleted]
They said +100 not 100+. There's a difference.
The + was before the 100 meaning he walked away up 100 dollars, not 100+ dollars.
A dead guy can't cash a check...the lawyer keeps his 150 from the check while taking the . money the other two left.
Guys, what happened to the comments here? Let me help..So a blind walks into a bar, and a chair, and a table.
This is offensive to blind people. .Ha. 
I don't think blind people are going to find this offensive.EDIT: I don't think they're going to find anything at all...
Zing!
What did the blind guy say when he walked into a bar?
[deleted]
A blonde.
I'm a blonde >:(
My dad's a lawyer. He works for a legal aid company that gives free civil service to the underprivileged. He's also an ex-cop..My dad is Atticus Finch AND Captain Kirk. 
Damn, your dad is a good guy.
Thanks! I wish he could see how great he is.
[deleted]
What poor consistency of spelling.
What poor consistency of grammar
Forgot your full-stop buddy.
Sarcasm never wasted....

For the longest time, I thought that bisexual meant belonging to both sexes, i.e. male and female..Also, for the longest time I thought that when people said 'shit' they were saying it as short for 'schizophrenic' and trying to say 'thats crazy'.
...why?
My dad can beat up your dad.
My mom can beat your mom
My dad beats my mom
That escalated at a moderate pace.
oh.
What the fuck did I just read
Some crazy shit.
crazy "schizophrenic"
Some crazy crazy.
cray cray.
My dad's a lawyer too.  He once punched a nun in the face for looking at him funny and then sued her for breaking his hand.
Lol, I've heard that ol' joke. ;)
wat
I thought the 3rd guy is gonna be like "Thanks for finally paying back the 100 bucks you owe me".
That would have happened if the lawyer was also a Jew.
Yea...but that wouldn't have really need a joke then, just 2 dudes and an asshole
That was my prediction at first as well. Made the punchline better.
"With all dead, well, with all dead there's usually only one thing you can do...Go through his clothes and look for loose change."
Ha
Ha Ha
No
:<
Ha
Ha Ha
Ha Ha Ha
No
Ha
Ha Ha

No
:<
We're not doing this anymore. Twice is enough.
Twice is too much.
What's it like to breathe fire? Is there ever a point at which it's extremely inconvenient to have that ability?

Same joke, told MUCH better:.A wealthy man on his death bed called his three best friends-- his doctor, his priest, and his lawyer-- to make a final request. "Who knows what I will find on the other side? Just to be sure, I am giving you each one hundred thousand dollars and I ask that you place an envelope with that amount in my casket." All three took the money and agreed to fulfill his wish..He died soon thereafter and at the funeral each friend slipped an envelope into the casket. After the burial, the three walked together from the grave. The doctor said, "My friends, I have a confession to make; since the hospital was short of funds for treating the poor I only put 80, 000 dollars in the envelope and donated the other 20, 000 to our indigent fund." The priest then said, "I too have to confess that I gave 50,000 dollars to the homeless and only put fifty thousand in the casket.".The lawyer looked both his friends straight in the eye and said, "I am astonished and deeply disappointed that you failed to keep your solemn promise to our dear departed friend. I want you to know that I placed in his coffin my personal check for the full 100, 000 dollars."
not better.
Sorry mate, nowhere near as funny as OPs. 
*cheque
umm.. check your spelling?
Well its not that MUCH better but it certainly made me laugh!  
This one doesn't make any sense, what purpose does it serve to give people money before you die only to have them return that same money into the casket? What's the point of that whole setup? 
Well... since you can't do it yourself anymore...
Can't do what? Put your money in your casket with you? For what reason would someone want cash to be buried with them?
You must not have heard about the Pharaohs...
The money isn't given as a gift. It is given with instruction to be placed in the casket (since the old man thinks he may need funds in the afterlife, the way Egyptian pharaohs were buried with oodles of treasure to assure them safe passage to the afterlife or Greeks were buried with coins on their eyes to pay the ferryman for passage across the river Styx), not with the instruction of, "go grab some hookers and do some blow, but you'd better pay me back the whole amount when I'm dead!".Personally I think the original is the one told better of the two. 
Yes the original makes sense and tells a believable tale about friends making a last symbolic gesture of friendship with a . amount of money.  .Now that you've explained this one, on the other hand, I don't know anyone that would think so literally as to take cash in their coffin thinking that they could use some paper currency in heaven and somehow get it out of the casket etc..This joke would've killed in ancient Egypt though, no question about that. 
Staring death in the face makes people do crazy shit. Also, perhaps he is a greedy old miser who hates his progeny and giving to charity? 'It's my money and I'll damn well take it with me when I go!' Doesn't seem too far fetched. 
I completely missed this one.
That's because you are an idiot. What if someone picks up the cheque and drops it in the bank? The money goes to the wealthy man's account and probably to his heirs etc.
It's a check, so it only means something if you cash it. Dead guy isn't gonna be cashing anything, so lawyer gets to keep the money
This joke was only funny to americans.
Why is that?
Cheques are not really common in europe
I'm surprised nobody has made a joke about how the is a country full of Czechs in Europe
Hmm, wouldn't have guessed. How do you transfer large sums of money?
Wheelbarrows full of Deutsche Marks.
we used a kind of system as cheques before the internet era. But the owner of the bank account had to apply that.  At the moment we use mostly wire transfer via internet. .(I am talking about Holland here.)
oh.. ha haha!
oh great looking guy, enjoy your bubble

Sexy as fuck.
Honestly though, that's a sexy bubble.
[deleted]
 .Yup. 
All checks out boys. Nothing to see here. Move along. No lollygagging.
I can phrase this much better:.Eh, yours is perfect
Was expecting all the downvoted comments to mention fainting. 
thanks for warning me i literally was about to scroll down and read all the comments
[deleted]
Why didn't I listen to you!?
I mean... why are you reading comments in . anyways? There are never good comments here. Fuck. Why am . reading comments in .?
Because related jokes
Fuck.
Because curiosity leads to lost brain cells.
Well, this is deeper than exoected
This is still correct with the addition of your comment. 
ha.edit: ha
copier
Best comment in here
Imagine if s/he got gold for it
Nice try, .'s alt
What if you're an alt 
MAN, THAT COMMENT REALLY DESERVES REDDIT GOLD..btw im totally not .'s alt. Really..edit: really.
That would be suite
Seriously!? I find these puns Apple-ing
No, Apple is a rival of Microsoft.
Can we stop with the Microsoft Office jokes? Please and Thank you. 
But we excel at joke threads!
You need a more positive outlook on these jokes. 
Excel-lent
You make a powerful point.
Someone should contact a Publisher to print all these jokes in the next paper.
Well that's a positive Outlook on the whole scenario.
DeathWalrus is an idiot!
That's . to you, laddy!
We have Access to good jokes here on Reddit
A whole ..
I'll have to take one note or two from these jokes!
Something something Sharepoint? Skydrive?
... Visio!
there may be a joke there, but we'd have to Explorer the possibilities...loljk chromes better
I'm starting to WinCE at some of these puns...
It's kinda hard to read. Maybe because I don't C# anymore...
I can lead you to an InfoPath that can help.
Someone tell me what the 'old trick' is in the joke? Because I don't get it.
Make your had go numb and jack off so it "feels" like someone else is doing it. I think that's what they meant 
Sit on your hand until it's numb then masturbate. It's called the stranger because it's supposed to feel like someone else is doing it to you..Now go have fun.
the more you know....
When I was in Jr. High, this kid one day put an entire box of rubber bands around his wrist. He just walked around grinning like an idiot, showing it to everyone as his hand turned from blue, to grey, to black. "Heh. Look at this...".But then when he tried to take the elastics off and found he couldn't, he started screaming like he was being murdered. Teachers had to come and cut them away with scissors, and it still took them five minutes. .Then when the circulation started to come back, he screamed even louder from the pins and needles..Which is why I'm probably not gonna try this "Stranger" idea at home.
The idiot should have put them around his neck.
Thanks. Now I've got some plans for this lovely Friday night.
Whose that lucky guy?
I was like wow, then I was like WOW...then I was like damn.
Completely caught me off guard. Bravo, scifi_panda, bravo. 
Thanks for giving me 1st laughter of the day...
classic
Reminds me of Homer's "look at what I drew for you" moment.
Heard that one some time ago in german.
HAHAHAH
How did it catch you off guard? You could see the punch line coming from a mile away
because he thinks in kilometers
"Is that because I'm blonde?" Is a really weird line. It doesn't make sense that she would ask it in the first place, and also the phrasing doesn't make sense. What does "that" refer to? 
"That" refers to how she was ahead every time.
Well yeah, I know, but what I meant to point out by asking is that it's a very peculiar way to ask such a question.
Refers*
Oh I didn't see that. Thanks.
Jokes often have unlikely setups. For instance, if someone knocked at my door I would open up, not ask who it is. If, for some reason, I did ask "who is there" and they said "Orange" I would not answer "Orange who?".
Sure, but a slight word change would make it feel much less bizarre.  For instance, changing "that" to "it". Not perfect but much better. Not to mention that asking if her success was due to her hair color is a complete non sequitur and also strange.
TL;DR:.A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead are in sixth grade. Who has the biggest tits?.The blonde. Because she's 17.
I heard this one with blacks jumping the farthest 
I think it would be better if it didn't say first day because that takes away the possibility of her repeating that grade
[deleted]
You should really close your anus, you meaningful bitchass cunt... Your roughness makes me want to spiritedly motorboat...
Wholey crap, that was bad.
i fuck blonds alot and their dumb
they're.dummy
You are the most lovely, bulging construction worker anyone knows.
i love what you have done here. you deserve more upvotes
I don't get it. Is it just really circlejerky sarcasm?
He or she used the wrong version of they're and spelled a lot wrong then called blonds dumb. It's funny.
He's an obvious troll and everyone is falling for it.
But it makes us feel better.

Hence that comment borders on bestiality. 
No it doesn't
I was hoping that you would reference that. Thanks for delivering.
If he fucks a blonde alot and an alot is an animal, then yes, that's bestiality. 
It does if he fucks the alot that belongs to a blond dude.
I only assume with a username like ., you were born around that year. Am I correct?
He's a summer fag trying to troll.  And being horrible at it.  It's the worst of every world. .Edit: For those downvoting me, look at his posting history and account creation date.
He's not a fag. Clearly if you read his posting history you'd know that he has bitches textin him and shit. 
Redditor for 6 days, -2k comment karma. You have to hand it to the guy, he's prolific
Their dumb what?
penises
'blonds' are men.
Exactly.
I'd recommend removing the word little as it is misleading. Leave it ambiguous. 
That doesn't make any fucking sense.
Another fucking annoying negative karma novelty account.
IlL sWaLlOw YoUr SoUl! 
If you look below there's another one. Two in one thread... Wow
Its because he's blonde 
Saw that punchline coming from a mile away.
I thought the punchline was going to be that she was the teacher...
[deleted]
Not for the States educational system...
Kind of like Rita from Arrested Development, even though she wasn't a teacher.
I'd like to think that they teach me
It's been one day and we're back to bashing the US...
We never left. Even on the Fourth, there were tons of comments saying "lol 237 years of failure" and stuff.
I heard this told with a black guy having the biggest dick 
I like the black guy version better, but the blonde one is definitely more appropriate for certain company.
Hey guys what's going on? (I would actually like to hear this version, I'm curious)
Same joke, but with a boy asking "is it because I'm black?" Then replace "36DD breasts" with "the biggest cock" and you're there.
Guessing based on context, something like this:.On the first day of school it turns out John is the only Black person in the class. He comes back from school and tells his mother: "Mommy today at school we learned how to count. Well, everyone else only counted to 5, but listen to me: 1,2,3,4,5, 6,7,8,9,10! It's good, right?"."Yes, darling, very good." Answers the mom.."Is that because I'm black?" he asks.."Yes, darling, it's because you're black." The mom says..Next day, John comes back from school and says: "Mommy, today at school we learnt the alphabet. Everyone else only went as far as D, but listen to me: A,B,C,D,E,F,G,H,I,J,K! It's good, right?"."Yes, darling, very good." Answers the mom.."Is that because I'm black, mommy?" she asks.."Yes, darling it's because you're black." The mom says..The next day John comes back from school, looking prouder than ever. "Today we had gym class, and I noticed I have the biggest wee-wee in the class! Is it because I'm black, mommy?"."No dear, it's because you're 25"
I've heard the punchline as "Naw nigga, it's cuz you 25"
150% haram
my 10 year old sister understood this joke. thanks for making me a decent brother for a moment
Why would an extra eye add 50%?
The setup only works spoken out loud, and the punchline only works written out. I like it, though.
What do you call a pig that knows martial arts?.Pork chops.
what do you call a fish with no eyes? fsh
what do you call an asshole with no holes? ass
a whole ass
I was going to tell this to my friend then realized it wouldn't work if you say it. :(
Sure it does. Just drag out the vowel sound in pig.
He might think you are a particularly loony piiig.
Kill...the ...president....
......How long until the NSA Arrive???
Hehe
Good joke :).It should be "he lays down three one hundred dollar notes" or he lays down "three hundred dollars.".3 and 100 dollar notes sounds like he sets down a note worth 3 dollars, which doesn't exist..Edit: never mind. Carry on...
Sex me now
He meant to type a dollar sign, not an and sign
Ah, thanks
Edit: but they are two keys apart.....
So 3 one-hundred dollar dollars?
3 $100 bills (or notes). It's not hard
I'm hard
...So the lady walked out the door a minute later $300 richer after painting 'lawyered' on the house. 
I read it as Oh-K. You need to use a zero.
This joke went 
hahahahahahhaha
Science jokes, haza!
You should have written "0K".
Hear about the guy who got hit by a truck and lost the entire left side of his body?.He's all right now.
Kelvin is a measure of temperature, just like F and C. It starts at absolute zero, which is around -273 degrees Celcius. It is the temperature at which no molecules are moving. 0 degrees Kelvin is absolutes zero. 
I thought your comment took detailed replies to a new Fahrenheit.
soon you will be hated as much as jokes_tldr or whatever his name was.
YJE is only funny to a certain degree.
-273.15 C to be exact.
I like him
This joke is a weiner, well done.
You're hired!
I am currently incredibly sleepy, and managed to read "On The Phone While Fisting". 
Works either way.
[deleted]
Better: "Clock? We thought it was a fan!"

cancer
You obviously are a troll, but I have to admit you're pretty good at it.
What'd he say?
"We didn't need that fucking shitty fan in here, asshole."
Dude, Englishmen swear all the time. They just manage to make them sound like they aren't.
Stonking pouf, wank off ya sod!!
As an Englishman I can confirm. However a lot of the time we don't even realise we're swearing so much.
You're not a real Englishman. There were no swears in that whole post. 
Ok you caught me. I'm half English.
I'll assume you aren't English lol I who the fuck says wank off? 
Nope, American mutt here.
[deleted]
That has a nice ring to it :)

The Russians were swearing so much that the hands on the clock turned really fast, turning the clock into a fan 
You are just no fun
[deleted]
We need to go deeper
Yje-explained seems to be parodying yourjokeexplained by playing his game back at him.
Scientists visits Latvia next. Is no clock. Where gone? No one know. Also is no potato.
This is seriously just as bad as Arrow to the Knee, Lelelele and Baconwhalenight.
Still no patato.
Such is life. 
Soldier is rape daughter, but she is dead already. 
Only sad.
And darkness.
If he wasn't erect he could have said: "Hey! it's my birthday suit"
and BAM!! I did not see that coming.
Mind-fucked! my new favorite joke.
I like it better as "Sobbing...Naked..." .The intent's clear enough and adding "erect" just sounds awkward imo.
I wood keep it in.  
I think you are trying a little too hard with your puns. 
Something something dick something
[deleted]
Are you blonde?
Um.... she's inside the helicopter so that wouldn't make her cold, and also she would have had more trainings and not actually have done that....
Well it is a fucking joke, so..
Should could have gotten colder because she was going higher into the atmosphere.
Took me a second..
I think the joke is that he has a big dick, and everyone that plays racquetball are either women or men with small dicks.
The joke is that the second woman knows it's not the first woman's husband because she knows what his dick looks like (implying that they have had sex), and the third woman knows it's none of the men from the club for the same reason. So, uh, nice one. 
[deleted]
It's a big leap but I'm guessing it's an old fashioned, bigoted country club that doesn't allow Jewish people and that the masked streaker is circumcised..That, or the third woman is familiar with every penis in the club. .Maybe both.
And the second familiar the the first's husband
It's good to see we can still infer racism and bigotry wherever we want. 
I'm pretty sure it's the second one.
Read . 's comment and move on. The rest of the comments are terrible. 
Actually, part of the joke was that cops always get away with whatever they want.
Yeah you're right. I read it and thought he had added the fleeing from the scene of an accident punchline.. The joke was funny and literally everything posted below it is terrible, who gets into a fight over geography in a joke post? Everything posted below your joke, which gave me a good chuckle I might add, is terrible, including my comment. 
I'm not one to discourage discussion and debate. If people wanna rant, let them. It takes nothing away from the original joke.
Thank you. You are too generous. By the way, terrific joke.
The cop was an arab and is charged with domestic terrorism and a plot to kill the president
And now America is at war with Pakistan because they think all Muslims are Arabs and Pakistan is in middle east. 
Wait.... Its not?
It is
In fact the Middle East extends from morocco to Pakistan and if you really want to push it to Khalistan, and to some really ignorant Americans Mongolia. It's shit like this...
And Khalistan?  Where is that coming from?  There was long time back a separatist movement in the Punjab State in India... but it is extinct.  There is no Khalistan.
Right! Speaking like a true American. And Japan is the capital of which Chinese province?
You must be an American. Pakistan is on the continent of Asia, if you go to London when people speak of Asians they mean Indians and Pakistani's and others from the sub-continent. Pakistan never has been part of the Middle East, look at a map.
Its a joke, not a dick, don't take it so hard
If someone corrects your mistake, learn not to take it so personally. 
Wrong... Asians means the South East and Far East Asians... Chinese, Japanese, Koreans... with the slanted eyes.  Pakistanis, Indians, Bangladeshis, Sri Lankans are collective called Pakis..So one Indian was walking down the road in London, and some skinheads started taunting him.  "Hey you cocksucker, you motherfucker, you shit eater, you curry shitter, asshole, brownie, Paki".  The Indian got wild.  "Who are you calling Paki! Dont you dare call me Paki!".
I won't argue with you. Your alias says it all.

Not a new joke. Not funny because each racial group is interchangeable with another, depending on which period or racial oppression you are most endeared with.
I heard a slightly different version..A Brit, Frenchy, Palestinian and an Israeli are traveling in a small aircraft, going from Tripoli to Rome. Somewhere above the Mediterranean, the single engine of the aircraft is starting to malfunction..The pilot comes on the intercom and explains that they'll have to throw as much stuff overboard as possible to make the plane lighter. So they all frantically start throwing stuff out the door..Alas, after a while this turns out not to be enough. Someone will have to jump overboard in order to save the other's lives. They draw straws. The Brit has the short one. With a "God save the Queen!" he takes his leave, falling to a certain death..Shortly after, the procedure needs to be repeated. This time the Frenchy is unlucky. "Vive la France!" are his last words..You guessed it, still not enough. The Israli and the Palestinian draw straws. The Israeli has the short one. Without thinking twice, he shouts "For Israel!", grabs the Palestinian and shoves him out of the door.
ahah i like yours better. im not racist at all but these stil make me laugh 
I don't get it.... can you explain this joke?
Well, you see...
As an engineer, have an upvote. 
This is one of my new favorite jokes, thank you.
How do Americans know what Top Gear is?.Y'all drive automatics
I take great pride in driving standard, thank you very much!.I know that nobody will ever steal it.
i get it...
Oh man I was hoping so glad that this would be exactly what it is when I clicked on it. 
I guess we should call it "Overdrive."
"Y'all"?
It is what it is. It has a small fraction of the UK show's budget and sits in the back corner of cable television on the History Channel..For what it is, it's pretty good. Compared to the UK show it's a tremendous drop in production.
I just disassociate it from the real Top Gear. To me it just some funny car show. 
Haven't heard it before..gave me a good laugh 
Heard this one a few weeks ago on here, except it was a woman.
First time I heard this was 15 years ago, seriously. Still pretty funny. 
A man is walking down the beach, smiling at all the ladies, saying hi, and getting completely ignored. He begins to get discouraged, when he sees a guy on the beach surrounded by women, all snuggling and fussing over him..He meets that same guy in the washroom a while later and asks him what's his secret.."Easy, buddy. Just take a potato and slide it down your shorts. Women will go crazy for you.".So he tries it the next day on the beach. But now things are worse. Not only are women not interested, they're actually running away from him..He meets the same guy in the can and tells him his trick doesn't work at all..The guy looks him up and down and shakes his head. "Buddy, next time put the potato in the FRONT!"
I liked it. Don't know why you are downvotes so thoroughly. 
Reminds me of the barbed wire v. Saab joke..One has a prick on the outside...
Eh, this police officer is too civic-minded and polite to make this joke work.
Still, fuck the po-po
Once got an F for the day because I ran 2 miles when I was suppose to power walk. ....this post is entirely off topic, but eh. 
Funny, I dont remember eating a fucking legend!
No, I was calling you a dick, but I forgot how close you are to your grandmother. 
This guy.
Is pretty cool
.
I am a wife, can confirm
A better answer would just be 'your dishes start to pile up'
Yes I agree since that is a main component of the punch line. The other is the fact that the wife never had sex with the guy in the joke. It plays to common stereotype that once married women have sex infrequently. 
Explain plz
The joke is they stroked his DICK. She couldn't reach. 
im stupidddd
The joke made perfect sense just by reading the last 3 lines. Jokes are getting too verbose here.
Verily, this vichyssoise of verbiage veered that way
I wouldn't disagree.
Upvote for Pink Floyd and Elgar's Nimrod.
Wish I could up vote twice. Hilarious. 
:DD 
hahaha upvotes 
I chuckled reading this. 
I've heard this joke so many different ways, but it always makes me laugh
can someone please explain this? I dun get the punchline cause I am taking it, LITERALLY
Oops this is why I shouldn't stay signed into reddit when other people use my computer. .I guess I wouldn't disagree with you either haha
If the boy asked his father, he wouldn't be satisfied with his mom's answer of "nothing" and would therefore not think that the elephant's penis was actually called "nothing". Since he asked his dad, he didn't believe his mom and shouldn't be surprised with a different answer from his dad.
I haven't heard this joke in years! It's one of my favorites XD
[deleted]
This gif is so incredibly over-used.
well, it's a great gif.
doesn't fit the context, the point of a meme is through a short clip or image it expresses more than words could..I don't take angry clapping as meaning brilliant, I take it as a sarcastic clap or a angry "I didn't think of this first but good job" clap.
[deleted]
many yes. but some are absolutely perfect for the moment..Is shorthand stupid? yes if used exclusively, but it makes sense to use in the right circumstances.
Not true. I've had plenty of children ask the same question to different people and then complain "well why did so and so say this than?"
I read the punchline in Ron Swanson's voice
i bet my dick is bigger tho
You are a bearded cop with a positively perplexed nostril.
Le Upboat to you, Good Sir! 
Upboat to you, then smash it down on you
At thirteen, I doubt it. 
Buuuuuuurn
OK..You got me, OP. I laughed
In Shakespeare's time, lady parts were referred to as "No thing". (Yes, he has a play called Much Ado About Nothing. And yes. That's exactly why). I'm not even gonna try to insert this into the joke's punchline. I'll just leave this here for its own merit. .EDIT: To make matters even more interesting, in original stage presentations of Much Ado About Nothing, every single female character had a penis (male actors). Shakespeare works off of that in his other gender-pun-awesome play "12th Night", where a woman disguised as a man is played by a male actor. It's supposed to be confusing.
"Nothing" was also pronounced the same as "noting," so it was likely also a pun about the motif of observing, or noting, others. A lot going on in that pun. 
Ah. A fellow Shakespearian. Indeed.  
One might even say that
(Sunglasses on)
There's much ado about nothing
(Yeeaaaahh!)
Yup. Much Ado About Vagina..Those Shakespeare intricacies... Poetic phallus-y, maybe?
It's just a phaaaalllluuuss-yyyyyyy!.Edit: typo, whoops.

Much Ado About Vagoo
well played.
I knew that word would catch on!
/golfclap

indeed 
STOP OPPRESSING ME TEEIST
in case others don't get it... . 
that reddit joke died quick though to be honest, so it makes sense for lots to not know it.
Yeah I know I unfollowed a few weeks ago after going to a driving range at midnight and had a hell of a good time. 
You're allowed to golf every now and again, everyone let's temptation take them everynow and again.
It's that kind of attitude that has turned America in a teeocracy. Driving ranges and putt-putt courses are just a way to indoctrinate the youth. If those fundie teeists knew anything, they would play tennis. It's the only rational choice. 
what are your views on crazy golf?
I can't tell if they're still parodying . or genuinely hate golf.
I think they're at SRS level now. I know a bunch of SRSers are sort of hipstering their way through ironically.
 is funny though.
Yes. 
Man I'm glad I'm an Ateeist.
That wasn't up to .. You can't just . jokes in wherever you want and expect a hole in one..Somebody's high, I think you need to stay off the green.
A family is driving along the highway when all of a sudden someone throws a dildo out of their window..The dildo lands with a bang on the families windshield and everyone gets a big fright. With horror in their eyes the parents stare at each other and the father turns on the wipers, but it's too late and their son asks "Dad, what was that?".He thinks on his feet and answer "It was just a big insect, son", thinking that they would avoid an awkward conversation..The son, still puzzled answers "Damn... DID YOU SEE THE SIZE OF IT'S DICK!?"
its
One of my favourite jokes of all time! Would be mu ultimate favourite but its not a clean joke so has to stay on the reserve list. 
IT'S = IT IS.
A man finishes making love to his wife. He removes his condom and steps out into the hall, where his 5-year-old boy is playing with his toys.."Dad, what's that?" the boy asks, pointing to the used condom.."I... uhhh... I use this to kill mice," the father says.."What do you do, Dad, fuck 'em to death?"
similar joke:.little Tommy enters the bathroom on his mom taking a shower (forgot to lock). She covers her intimate area. "Mom! what you got there?" mom: "nothing son. just a little butterfly"; "aah ok, just make sure it doesn't slip into your cunt"
(Edit: "Little Johnny answers...")
[deleted]
Shit.  That's what I get for copying and pasting
Could at least edit your post.
I heard that but it was daughter not a son. way funnier that way
I heard that but it was the daughter's mother. Way way funnier.
Well that doesn't make sense. I mean it could be a blonde joke, but I think a young girl is the best for this. 
I think it's funnier with a little boy saying it.  A little girl just shouldn't know...makes it creepy/sad.
Please wipe your mind with bleach..You've got some kind of ugly connection between knowing about how the body is laid out (or the mechanics of reproduction) and some kind of uglified sexuality..Little girls should know.  Little girls not knowing leads, in short order, to teen pregnancies - and occasionally preteen pregnancies.
[deleted]
Agreed. At first I was like this joke was just on here, but your take is better
How.. How is that pedophilia?
[deleted]
[deleted]
It's funnier because it's more unexpected that a young girl would know what that is.
You're a shitty human being for making that joke. 
Good god you're stupid.
Username people... The joke was about the username....Have an upvote... I see what you did there...
It's still a shitty joke.
Just down voted you. Good luck making history repeat itself. 
Downvotes and upvotes and karma in general don't actually matter. Go ahead and downvote me.
 would  

One of the best reddit comments out there. Preach brother, preach 
It's useless to try now. He's too far gone to save him.        .Edit: We did it people! We saved . from the rusty clogs of the downvotes. Now, who wants to buy the donuts? 
See we did it !! .-21 to 16 points in less then 24 hours...Well done Reddit...Well done...
This... This is history.
Does anyone know what was deleted? 
Not at all. 
The first deleted one said "because pedophilia is funny!".The second one after "How.. How is that pedophilia?" said "I think the argument is that it isn't any funnier at all based upon the gender of his kid. The fact that MagicallyMalificent prefers a female child talking about a dildo would imply that he's excited by the idea. TL;DR: This joke being sexually charged doesn't make it any funnier. It's irrelevant."
But it works without pedophilia, Father-Daughter relationships being the way they are, with the fact that the boy is much more likely to know what a penis is.

Thank you, Penis Wizard.

If no one likes the person who explains the jokes than how does his comment have 18 up votes?
"herd" is a pun for "heard". They heard the remark that the man made when they entered the car. Herd is a name for a group of cows, since he called them cows. 
I really needed that, thanks.
I bet you and . just get along smashingly don't you lol
You wouldn`t happen to iron your underpants, would you?
Preferably with you in them,
Oh thanks! couldnt get it by myself
This is probably my favorite novelty account.
I don't get it...
Inception. 
That took at least 10 seconds to hit  me.
"Remind" can mean two things.
i still don't get it
The first meaning is that "he asks me to remember Leo" and the second meaning is that "he looks like Leo"
Generally, when someone says, "he reminds me of Leonardo DiCaprio," it would mean that "he looks like Leonardo DiCaprio." .But in the joke, he tells him repeatedly to "remember Leonardo DiCaprio" -- REMINDING him of his existence.

IS THAT WHAT GETS YOU OFF?
TL ; ADHD
Wow, if you can't read a short joke then you have a pretty bad problem. 
Does this prove that the I.R.S. likes Nickel back? :D
I was expecting a nickleback joke..This was much better, thanks!
Why would one ever jest about the best band in rock 'not roll?
If the genders were reversed, I don't think anyone would like this joke.
If you are by yourself, it is worth the read.
I disagree. Thought it pretty lame myself.
I expected her to be a divorce attorney. But then again,  divorce attorneys wouldn't stop crushing your balls even after she got your last nickel. 
Hehe, you're funny.
Sounds like an AMA
The woman DIDN'T take the nickel?
That's how you know she's an imposter. 
If the genders were reversed, there would be no testicles to grab.  If you think otherwise,  that "girl" you are dating has some explaining to do. 
I meant, if it were a grown man manipulating a young girl's genitals. Though I'm sure you knew that.
Yeah, I got that.  I suppose we could rewrite this so it was a college student in a bar playing quarters who accidentally swallowed the coin. 
I'm not offended or anything. It's just an observation - that that's the way the world is skewed.
I'm just busting your balls.  .Although I still think making the boy a college student would remove part of the creep factor here. 
Can someone explain the joke?.I already googled IRS, and apparently it is responsible for collecting taxes. Not sure what that has to do with the joke?
There is a phrase we use about the IRS, that they will 'squeeze every last nickel out of you".  
They squeeze every last nickel out of you.
I've heard "They'll grab you by the balls and make you cough up your last cent" used for a number of countries tax collectors (with the correct denomination replaced for cent)
She grabbed him by the balls and took a third of his money. Many Americans feel the IRS does the same.
Yep, joke works much better if she doesnt give the father back the coin but puts it into her already bulging with change pocket.
Too muh detail kills a good joke. 
Already bulging? 
This isnt her first time, it's her job, she works for the IRS and this is nothing unusual to her!
But... The IRS gives all its money to the government.
It's a fucking joke. Christ.
Sorry, I get really defensive when people start attacking the government or taxes
Man, you really need to pick your battles then. Do you also get upset when people make fun of lawyers for being greedy or blondes for being dumb?
look-at-his-username

No because people don't actually y believe that mostly. But people actually believe the government is coming to get them and trying to oppress its people's.
People (and Americans especially) generally do not enjoy paying taxes. This joke makes fun of the popular concept "busting your balls" for the IRS to get your money. It is considered humorous because of the connection between the IRS figuratively busting your balls and the IRS literally busting the kid's balls. 
Not just that, but also to literally make him literally cough up money.
I was expecting the dad to swallow a few nickels afterwards
Bet you would like your testicles twisted.
Different strokes for different folks

Read this as "the bitch out the wrong window" the first three times. 
I needed this so bad, thank you. I'm having a stressful work shift and needed a laugh and this delivered. 
This joke would work for me if it wasn't a Marine. Marines I know would stand quietly and endure the lack of a free seat. 
No Englishman would call it an auto. 
Burnn
*read after cousin left who was a Marine Recon and haven't seen for years
Ending was win. 
Love it!
Wow I nearly downvoted this. The content of the joke didnt load on my phone straight away,, leaving the title to be the joke. I was thinking it was a little harsh! 
[deleted]
Anyone expected a "Wimpy French" joke?
If she really was a France native she would have given up a long time ago... probably would have given him the puppy too... Oh wait it was a poodle nevermind, that's a white flag in a pinch. 
Wait... Fork in the wrong hand? Which hand is that? I thought everyone holds it in the left hand.
Dostoyevsky wrote the puddle out of the window story.
[deleted]
awesome.
Lol
Subtle?
Who said he was in France
[deleted]
well this joke wasn't very funny.
You forgot the re:re:re:re:re:re:re:re:re:re:re:re:re:re:re:re:re: part...
Yup
Most Marines I know whine about everything. 
A complaining sailor is a happy sailor. 
In the USA, a marine is not a Sailor. A Marine is part of the Marine Corps, which is an amphibious attack force. .We call Sailors, Sailors here. .Sailors are better, anyways. 
The French woman was in the wrong, but the marine was disgusting.
I read that last part in Michael Caine's voice. It was beautiful.
You were right first time - it's all about hating the French for no reason.
Did you read the joke?
That was amazing. Great punchline.
[deleted]
Too... too cool... 
Nice*
Funny considering you can't even spell Nice.
You rolled in your niece's shaved pussy?
Let's be realistic, huh? .You're a virgin, more than likely. If not, you have roughly the same experience level as a virgin, and not once in your life have you done anything close to "rolling in pussy." 
And then the marine and the englishman blew each other.
Bazinga! 
so close.
?
Yeah its 'motorized rollinghams' my silly colonial colleagues  
We'd say "cars" most likely, or maybe "vehicles" at a push .Edit: we = British people 
Well I'm Irish, we say cars here. Are you a yank or a Brit?
Cars indeed.
Thanks for your edit, I get you now. Sound.
[deleted]
You must be a slow reader.
Incest is bad
how funny wuld it have been if the french women was really justin beber xD
You are nothing but a burning pile of pubic pitchforks...
....wut
Notice: laxbro '1999'
I..damn, son, you are actually pretty good at trolling. Keep it up
I mean, with a name like laxbro you'd expect him to be a great troll
I was expecting it end with another one of those WW2 punchlines.
Got an example?
it was a post a few days ago, although maybe it was on . .long story short, an american is going into france, he doesnt have his passport ready.  the french customs agent says, have you been to france before?  the american says yes.  And the frenchman says, well then you should have known to have your passport ready, it has always been the custom in france.  American says, well, last time i came to france it was D-day, on the beaches of normandy, I would have been happy to show my passport but there wasn't a frenchman in sight!
Yeah I hate those.
French rifle for sale! Never shot and only dropped once!
twice*. WW's 1 and 2 right?
...
?
Haha no. The French lost more men fighting the Germans in Ww1 than the us has lost in its entire military history, including the civil war which was Americans killing other Americans. I know it was just a joke but the 'french are cowards' stereotype annoys me 
Ahh, well TIL. That's a lot of people... If France lost that many was it not detrimental to their population?
French WWII tank for sale. Has six reverse gears and a single forward gear (incase they got attacked from behind).
I'd rather have one of those mint condition M-16's that the Vietnamese are selling.
You mean the ones they used to kick out the french or the US? 
So you're saying that we're brothers-in-arms after all?
I never said we weren't just pointing out that if you are going to try and use a war we lost as a burn make sure your didn't lose it right before us.
Wait, which hand are you supposed to hold it in?
In England you have the fork in your left hand and the knife in your right hand, in America its the other way around.
Nope. 
nope - . Americans consider you shouldn't put the fork to your mouth from your left, so they'll cut a bunch of stuff up (knife right, fork left) and then put down the knife, swap the fork over and eat with the right.
You are only supposed to cut one piece at a time and keep swapping the fork back and forth like a crazy person if you are being technical.
 in the UK you load food onto the back of your fork. Yes, really, on the outside of the scoop. Of course in reality no one does, but that is the traditionally "correct" way.
That's also true (upside-down fork), but there are(/were) definitely some parts of the US where it is considered wrong to put the fork to your mouth using the left hand, hence the hand switch..Whereas the hand switch (cut it up, swap fork to other hand) would make you look childish - like you can't handle your utensils - in the UK..The joke's told incorrectly though because no Brit would talk about an "auto".
I thought everyone put food on the outside of the scoop... :\
Oh wow, I had no idea.
Something about how Americans start with the fork in one hand and switch it to the other hand to actually eat. Brits just keep the fork in one hand. I forget which hand each uses.
Switching hands prolongs dinner and the conversations that go along with it. Giving real meaning to the term "dinner hour".
That's one way to look at it.
But your food gets if you take too long to eat it, and that's no good.
Cold, buddy.
I think I accidentally a word.
Not all Americans do this. If I'm not going to be using a knife for my dish, I probably would only use my right hand. 
The French. 

Wait... why is he a marine? Seems completely irrelevant.
"U.S. Marine Throws Puppy Off Cliff". (NSFL).Reddit and 4chan had a huge hardon for getting these guys years ago.
Because all Americans are rugged but reasonable marines.
Because its probably one of those conservative chain email messages my mom use to send me every day before she figured out Facebook. Another example of troop worshiping propaganda. 
So he has a better reason to need a seat I'd assume.
it seems like a just a tool for the woman to recognize that hes american
Because, you know, .. 
But military uniforms more often that not have the flag of the country on their chest or somewhere where it's easily visible. .So that may explain why she had an easy time noticing him being an american.
Fair enough. It's just a pedantic nerve for me to hear just "marine" or "soldier" or whatever when used in an international context. 
I expect its so that you garner more sympathy for him and more hatred for the lady, possibly making it so that you like the joke better
Yep - make people think of WWII and how 'ungrateful' the French have been by not quite thanking the US profusely enough and regularly enough than they already do..Most particularly we must all hate the French for the unforgiveable sin of  being absolutely right about Iraq.
dont forget the vietnam war!
. This /r/-fucking-jokes. I don't fucking care who invades who for what fucking reason. I want to fucking laugh. Go to another sub for this bullshit.
You really shouldn't read the comments if you don't want to see discussion.
What? Never in my life have I heard anyone say anything about the French and Iraq. 
Not trying to be a jerk here, but a) are you American? a') if so, whence do you hail? and b) how old were you when the US invaded Iraq?.Because that was . a thing. A media thing, a pop culture thing, and here in the south...a very common thing, unfortunately.
Really? You never heard that the Congressional cafeteria renamed their french fries "freedom fries?" It was a pretty heavily commented upon affair, and it happened because the French refused to back us in Iraq.
Shhh he's going for a full circle jerk. Just sit back and watch. 
The fork goes in the left hand in England, I had no idea it was different in the US.
As an American, I had no idea it was different either. I hold it like that all the time...
I happen to use fork in right and knife in left hand without changing hands during the dish. I've been told about it a few times, but for some reason it just feels to be easier that way. Aaand I'm right-handed if that matters.  
Wait, what? They do? That sounds bizarre...
I had no idea anyone cares.
Actually in American etiquette schools it is taught that the fork be held in the left hand. We are vastly uneducated on table manners here. >The fork goes in the left hand in England, I had no idea it was different in the US.
I've never noticed anyone cut with their left hand here, admittedly I'm observing a small fraction of the U.S. people. Even not being left handed like this other person, I'd rather use the knife with my dominant hand...feels better.
Today I learned I'm a utensil-confused American.
I'm a right handed American and I've always held the fork in the left and the knife in the right, I find it's easier to cut with my dominant hand
Life-long American here. Fork in right if I'm eating without a knife (I'm righty), fork in left and knife in right if I'm eating with a knife. I had no idea people . do this.
Fellow American who does this same thing. I actually was taught this in high school in Beginning Foods class (think home-ec, if you're confused). They also taught us to smoke cigarettes AFTER our meals, and never at the table while others were still eating. The instructional video was a bit dated.
Argentina here: knife goes in your main hand because... it's the one you need to be the most dexterous with..who the hell would do it the other way around?
Fork in the left, knife in the right so you don't have to put the knife down and switch utensils. Yes, I actually see people in the US cut with their right hand, then put the knife down and pick up their fork in their right to take the bite.
Dagnabit. A real American cuts his food AND eats it with his fork.
Yup, I do that!
I just cut it all in pieces and eat with my right. I don't care how other people are doing it. I'm hungry and I want to eat comfortably, not how others want me to eat.
I got used to switching hands when I finish cutting something, because of some accidents I had before. I'm way too clumsy with my left hand.
I'm right-handed and British, and all my life I've held the fork or spoon in my right hand and the knife in my left. It feels more natural that way, as I'm using my dominant hand to bring the food to my mouth. I know I'm unusual.
What happens when you get a tough steak? You need those dominant muscles to cut that shit.
If you can't cut a steak with your left hand then you either need to sharpen your knife or hit the gym.
I've become used to doing it with my left hand..Also, if I got a tough steak it means I bloody well can't cook a steak and I should be ashamed of myself.
Why not keep the fork in your right hand and cut with the left?
But then don't you still have to switch if you're right-handed?
It's not fork in the left hand and knife and spoon on the right? I always use fork on my left hand. Then again my family are immigrants. 
Wait so in the US it's.Fork in the right hand
Knife in the left hand?.I'm British and right handed, that's how I eat anyway!
My excuse for doing this is that I can't bend my elbow far enough to reach my mouth due to a surgery I had after breaking it.
It's US custom for all Americans (at least in my experience) to switch hands. I'm a lefty that cuts with left, puts down the knife, and then puts the food in my mouth with the fork in my left hand. Damnit, America! Why do you actively prevent me from being worldly?
Born in Pittsburgh raised in VA and everyone I know (minus a few people who eat like animals) cut with their dominant hand and keep their fork in the off hand. No putting anything down. My wife is a lefty but eats like the righties I know when doing fork and knife.
I never understood this. Why not just hold the fork with the right and knife with the left, and then eat it with the right.
I usually use my fork on my right (dominant) and spoon on the left when eating normally, fork on the left and knife on the right when eating steaks and spoon on my right when I eat soup. (Or spoon on my left and phone on my right when I'm typing Reddit comments like this one.)
I just cut with my left hand. I figure a sawing motion is easier for my non dominant hand while the delicate act of shovelling food in my face should be reserved for my dominant
That's what I do as an Australian. The left is used solely to pin food down, and to drink with.
God dammit. DAE in America use it the proper way? 
Wait, I thought that fork to left and knife to right is the exact reason you HAVE to switch utensils when delivering food to the mouth?
Yea I'll admit that when I'm not using a knife I use a fork with my right hand, however when I'm using a knife I just put the fork in my left hand. Just what I'm used to blame my parents lol.
I don't see an issue with using your more dexterous hand to manipulate your utensils.  Use the best tool for the job.
May I ask how an American would carve their Thanksgiving Turkey? My thought has always been stabby-stabby with the left, as it doesn't really take much dexterity to stabby a roasted carcass; then finely carve those juicy portions of meat with the dominant right hand. 
That's how you do it. We always knife in the dominant hand. We just then switch and put the knife down and use the fork in the dominant hand..Americans also tend to cut all of their food up first, rather than one bite at a time. So you aren't constantly putting it down and picking it up, you just cut away and then eat it. Less elegant, but certainly efficient..I've noticed that some Europeans not only cut one bite at a time, but will only cover enough bread with butter/pate/spread to take one bite at a time. That just seems ridiculous to me.
I don't think I've ever seen anyone older than 8 years old cut up all their food at once.
I see it all the time. Especially things that cut easily in a grid, like waffles or lasagna or something.
It seems a little odd to do what the right hand should just for the left hand to follow, if you know what I mean. Hey, I'm not saying anybody's right in what they do; it would be a pithy argument to suspect that, but your last sentence shows that you don't understand how to eat pate properly. Pate should be spread on your toast as a mouthfull, just enough to get the taste of that ground meat. Those ground lips and aresholes should be the finest thing you have ever spread on toast, ever; but just by the mouth full, no more. Philistine. 
Continuing on with your reasoning - why not just eat with your hands? Or maybe just face-in-plate?.The reason is ettiquette - you're supposedly mature and civilised members of society, and handling your food utensils while enjoying a meal prepared for you by someone else is a sign of respect and civility.
Yeah, no.  Eating with your fork in your right hand is not the same as eating with your hands.  That's absurd.
That . how you're supposed to do it.
No it's not - when you were a child your mother would cut all your food up for you before you started eating. By cutting your food first then swapping to the right, you're telling the world that you never learned to feed yourself properly, and that you wish your mother was there to help you.
I was taught to do that out of proper etiquette.  I thought it was the dumbest thing, honestly. 
I generally agree that "proper" table manners are bullshit, like helping the lady to your left sit down if you are male. But some things do bother me, like people chewing with their mouth open, and people who hold their cutlery in a fist and then stab at their food aggressively and ineffectually. I don't understand why some choose to hold their fork downwards in a fist. It's so awkward to bring it to your mouth then! Why not hold it more like a pen?
[deleted]
My girlfriend actually noticed me doing this. If I'm stabbing stuff, like fruit or pieces of steak, I'll hold it like a pen. When I'm scooping, like pasta or rice, I'll hold it with a closed fist. Never noticed it, but ever since she pointed it out it's haunted me...
Less rotation, so less spillage. 
Between thumb, forefinger and middle finger.
I'm a left handed American, and I always fork left and knife right. Anytime I go to a restaurant, I have to sit on the far left so as not to bump elbows with anyone else I'm dining with. It makes me pleased to know that there is a place where everyone holds their utensils just like me.
Amen.
I'm right handed and do this. My reasoning is because its easier to cut with my right hand. The fork is easy with either hand.
Right handed American - fork right, knife left.
I'm a brit who eats left handed, fork in the right and knife in the left. I don't understand why anyone would need to switch hands to put the food in their mouth after cutting it.
this man gets it.yall be eatin shit wrong
I'm left handed Dutch, I hold my fork in the right hand and spoon in the left.
What are you eating where you need a fork . a spoon?
Potato with carrot, yum.
I assume spaghetti.
Mom's spaghetti?
Oh. That makes sense, yeah..Fuck, I'm stupid.
Don't be so hard on yourself..At least you said something right.
People eat spaghetti with a spoon?
Yeah, you use it to help you wrap the noodles around the fork so you don't look like a noodle-slurping heathen.
Well I guess that makes me a noodle slurping heathen

Heathen needs to be used more on Reddit.
stay strong,  brother.  . 
There's a subreddit for lefties like me? Damn. That's pretty cool. 
I play most rpg videogames with a southpaw set-up yet I am right handed..... I just find it easier to navigate open world. 
I didn't know that was a subreddit, but I'm glad it is. Us lefties gotta stick together. 
Respect!
It's good to see a brother brought home.
He had just come back from a class on Karl Marx taught by a liberal muslim homosexual ACLU lawyer professor and abortion doctor
And that marine was Albert Einstein.
And Carl Sagan...
So close... Neil Degrasse Tyson.
*Carl Sagan.(for maximum bravery)
Carlbert Sagenstein?
I lived in Italy for 3 years, one thing I've learned is that to remember to tell the locals that I'm Canadian. As soon as I did, the locals really warmed up to me. They actually said "I thought you were stupid americano!".
Saying from Texas also works... We're our own country to them. :)
Are you Canadian or did you just tell the locals you were?
Oops saw that answered lower,  cant edit on my phone
I am Canadian, but the locals thought I was American. Then I told them where I was from.
I thought you were stupid Americano!
i always do this when i travel.  i used american a few times and its amazing the difference in treatment you get. 
Reminds of the comedian Tom Stade talking about the reaction of British people upon realising he's Canadian. "Oh, I'm sorry. I thought you were a gun toting, bible bashing redneck."
This really goes a long way in a lot of European countries. 
That's right... Play right into their xenophobia. 
If someone said that to me, I would be more offended. "Oh wait, so you mean you were not happy to talk to me based solely on where you thought I was originally from geographically? You really should learn to judge people on the content of their character, not the country of their origin, that's xenophobic and unacceptable."
I bet you're fun at parties.
Don't really go to a lot of parties, not really my scene. So uhh... I guess your point is fair.
Well shit, now I feel like a dickhead.  if it makes you feel any better, I don't go to many parties either.  The point I was trying to make is that while in an ideal world, people wouldn't be xenophobic based on geographic location, in our world they are.  And it's easier to just shrug and say you're canadian than to yell at every person who's mad at Americans.  Sorry that I came off as being an asshole.  I was having a bit of a bad day.
Nah, I wasn't offended, I kind of got a chuckle out of your post. It's not that I don't get invited to parties, I just don't like the general crowds that show up to them. Sometimes I do, and I have a good time when I choose to go. So long as I'm not being pressured to attend. .And yeah, when you explain yourself like that, I have to agree with you, and applaud your realism.
This is retarded. They think Americans are stupid, yet think Canadians are better because Americans lie about where they are from.
I'm Canadian.
I thought you were stupid Americano!
What? The guy is canadian
[deleted]
I'm Canadian.
I thought you were stupid Americano!
Pretending to be Canadian is apparently a common practice amongst expat yanks.
[deleted]
Welp the sterotype often proves itself right so I'd rather stick to Canadian sterotypes than to the US-American ones.
Americano? He's Gene Parmesan!
Aaaaaahhhhhh!

Are you actually American?
Of course he is, stupid!
No, I'm Canadian.
Canada is definitely not in North America. Nope. Not possible. Canada is its own incontinent
You've gotten good at this!
I thought you were stupid americano!
No, the Italians thought I was American, then I told him that I was really Canadian.
I thought you were stupid Americano!
This was one hilarious thread.
Us and the Brits are always gonna be buddies! :).Edit: wow... All this fighting out of a heartfelt sentiment. :/
I celebrated the fourth of July on my British motorcycle, so yeah
Now Australia feels excluded.
Yeah thanks for starting all this, you american :p 
Gotta maintain tradition.
Well it's hard to make statements about nations as a whole, but the UK and USA have such remarkably similar cultures in many areas that it's natural that we should get along! (from a Brit)
and I appreciate the heartfelt sentiment ;)
Except when you accidentally drop bombs on each other -.-
Care to explain that? I don't remember this ever happening. 
[deleted]
It has in Vietnam.
Not exactly a reputable source but it gets the point a crossed.Basically Americans killing Brits in Afghanistan and Iraq
.... :/
Sorry, I type like I speak.
You make it sound like the U.S. is shooting at British forces on purpose. At the bottom of the page you linked to is a list of references. Almost all of the articles include a part which clearly states that the incident did not occur solely due to the US Armed Forces, and that most of them were a result of poor communication. (which can not possibly be biased to a United States Citizen's point of veiw due to the fact that most of them were written by the BBC. .Some examples:.Also, you make it sound as if only the US Armed Forces is the only military in the world that has ever been in a friendly-fire incident. If you go ., I think you will find that the British Military has opened fire on American soldiers many times. 
I agree, I may have worded that misleadingly.  It was not my intention to imply that Americans a purposely shooting any allied forces.  .However, as a member of an allied armed force to the U.S. I am painfully aware that friendly fire occurs vastly more often on the part of the Americans that other wise.  Although it is highly possible that this due to the vastly larger size of the U.S. armed forces compared to others.
the dingo took your baby!
Well the Brits hate the French even more, being neighbors and all.
Stupid Flanders. 
This would be so much better is Flanders was actually in France. Bloody Dutch.
Well played.
As a British guy; we don't mind the Dutch. We picked up a Dutch royal family, and these days they provide a place to get high that's relatively cheap to get to. 
Don't forget us! If there is a dust up and a few beers along the way...count us in.
You dont have a choice.
I like you guys but, there's nothing really linking us together. Except our love for wiping out native populations and then marginalizing them. 
Didn't seem like you guys were yesterday.
What??? How???? 
Yeah, we're both vanguards for unjust wars BEST FRIENDS FOREVER 
Had to scroll this far for something else than "we are awesome", but then again i'm neither american or brittish.
*british
Tthanks!
 4th of July was yesterday 
Not with that attitude it isn't.
I'm a Brit who frequently has bad things to say about American society and politics, but every American I've known has been great. We may gibe, but you're mostly good people and we actually rather like you..Now the French, on the other hand...
American society and politics is generally not very well regarded outside of the US. I've met plenty of Americans too and they're usually very nice. A decent proportion of them thought the sun shines out America's ass, but most were great..Completely agree about the French though. I'm sure there are plenty of decent, nice, non-pretentious French people, I just haven't met many of them as of yet.
I'm an American who frequently has bad things to say about American Society and Politics. That being said, I've only met 1 Brit (In real life, not counting the internet) and ended up beating the shit out of him. .Story time: I worked in the oil field years ago running a fuel dock. My boss told me a boat was coming in from overseas that wasn't coast guard approved so I would have to inspect the boat and handle all transfers (fuel/oil etc..etc) because I was the Tankerman In Charge for the yard. .The boat shows up and looks days away from being a ghost ship. This thing was old and I was surprised it made it across the Atlantic. I inspected the boat and felt it safe enough to pump fuel to if I pumped at half speed. Upon inspecting this boat I found out it had a crew from everywhere. Russian Captain, Germany Relief Captain, Brit Engineer, etc..etc. .As we are pumping fuel the engineer makes some comments about what all we've done with the colonies and such. I just laughed when he said colonies. I responded with, "You mean the USA, right?" .This guy goes on and on about how the Brits gave us this country and all other kinds of rude shit. After 20 mins of hearing his rant, I said something about him being lucky to speak to me in English. If not for us he would be speaking German and Hitler would have been banging the Queen in Buckingham Palace. He tells me those are fighting words. .I inform him of where the gate is to the edge of the company property and alert him to the fact that after we finish with the fuel and paperwork that I will be out there waiting to see if he can back up all the shit flowing from his mouth. .Guy walks out beyond the gates and I destroyed him with 6 quick punches and just walked away. My co-workers bought me a few beers after that and I hoped he learned a lesson. 
As a British guy - sorry about him. We're mostly nice people. Although, as regards WWII - we had that shit down. Thanks for the help, much appreciated, etc, but yeah, there was no way we were letting a . take over. That said, it's not like we'd have let a Frenchman or a Spaniard take over too. .Scandinavian, maybe. Or perhaps Dutch. We got a Dutch royal family, and William the Bastard was more Viking than French any day. Hell, the only reason he attacked Britain was because he wanted a kingdom of his own so that he could go to war with the French. 
Acceptable.
This is how all wars should be settled! All of the violent sociopaths who want to fight people who aren't like them should be sent to fight foreign, violent sociopaths who want to fight people who aren't like them..Then the rest of us can enjoy a little bit more peace and it might free up some good parking spaces.
I like this. 
Glorious.
Proud American here... That said, the truth is the truth. Most military historians and analysts agree that the Germans would have never taken Britain and ultimately lost the war even without US intervention..Another interesting idea is many historians think that modern Germany should be quite thankful that the US entered the war, because if we didn't, they would likely have been utterly and completely decimated by a vengeful USSR (the USSR lost around 25 million men (we lost less than half a million)). We kinda gave Germany someone to surrender to.
What about US financial help? True the Americans' achievements were minimal when compared to the Russians but could the Allies have succeeded if America had stayed truly neutral? 
I'm not sure how it would have worked out. Generally speaking my biggest irritation with the American attitude to the war was how they treat George S Patton like a hero. While the man did make huge progress and covered far more ground than Montgomery and jesus, I cannot for the life of me remember the name of the other American guy; he was moving through countryside that was much more lightly defended than the industrial areas that were the targets of Montgomery and the Commander whose name escapes me. .Also, he was a douche who drove his men to the point of exhaustion..Other than that, thanks for turning up and all, really helped. When you all shout "Back to back World War champions!!" the rest of us just grin and let you enjoy it. 
Based on history America should be better friends with the French than the English.
Didn't the French support the Confederates in the Civil War?
The French Empire remained neutral and never recognized the Confederacy. Some French industries, and Emperor Napoleon the III had economic and territorial interests in deals which favored the confederacy, but at the same time even more political and military officials favored the United States..They did not support the Confederacy.
England is like our Apollo Creed.
TIL, thank you :)
Not after fact that France ditched the US in Vietnam and surrendered prematurely during world war 2. US and brits = buddies according to recent American history.
Canada basically took their place, they're French enough.
Google "The Special Relationship"
As for as Louisiana is concern, they are. 
Based on history, the French thanked the Americans for many battles that were fought against the Germans. 
This would be true...if they taught history in the U.S. .(they pretty much don't)
The fact that the Americans more or less . the English goes a long way toward mutual understanding.
Meh, us and the english didn't like each other, then had a couple scraps and are now best buds. We saved the . cheese eating surrender monkeys from some really bad shit and they never gave appreciation, fuck 'em.
The French were immeasurably thankful and grateful to the American's who served to protect and save their nation, and that's why the French love Americans. Yet for some reason some ignorant Americans continue to act like their actions are taken for granted and that French people hate them..I think some Americans get it from the British, because the British have an actual historical reason to dislike France.
France is merely a business partner.
Freeeeeeeeeedom Fries!!!!
Surrendered prematurely? You need to brush up on your WWII history. Any intelligent and rational leader would surrender under the same circumstances; full force surprise invasion from a neighboring nation with superior military technology and greater numbers..Also, the French had fought wars in Vietnam and the Middle East prior to the U.S. campaign in those regions. Both times the French warned the U.S. against it, saying you cannot win. You'd think the U.S. would have listened after Vietnam, but they chose to ignore the warning again, now look at all the wars we're in.
Ehh, not really. They did help the US out once, but since then they get trampled over by other countries before they can help..However, since after the civil war, the US and England has had a great relationship.
Why do you suppose that is?
You mean the US relations with England after the Civil War?.This is when the countries finally began to get along. .Before the Civil War, England was still angry that they lost the United States in the Revolutionary War and loosing the War of 1812. During the Civil war, there was good trade between the North and England, and heavy restrictions on trade between the South and England, so I guess you could say that this is when relations improved, but only with a part of America. 
Yea, this last century has been pretty rough for France. I guess it was about time though, after being one of the greatest and most respected military, political, and cultural powers of the world for the greater part of two millenia.
2000 years? Not quite. ..
countries that speak similar languages are usually nicer to each other :D
As in anywhere between 1170 to 1600 years depending on how you want to define France (At the start of the Frankish Kingdom under Clovis in the 5th century, or the start of the Kingdom of France in the 9th century)..Also, the French were immeasurably thankful and grateful to the American's who served to protect and save their nation, and that's why the French love Americans. yet for some reason some ignorant Americans continue to act like their actions are taken for granted and that French people hate them. .I think some Americans get it from the British, because the British have an actual historical reason to dislike France.
Well, the English do. Between the Scots and the French, however, you will find a certain grudging respect. This, known as the "Auld Alliance" stems from two countries who recognise that the other has also spent the greater part of their history in a perpetual state of war with the English. .During the 100 years war Scottish troops actually helped the French fight off the English, although it has been said that the French were more frightened of the Scots than the English ever were. I'm not sure where the source comes from, but it was said that a Scottish soldier could march all day on a handful of dry oats and some water. This is obviously inaccurate - the Scots were probably mixing the two to make porridge. .As a result, you will be treated much more pleasantly in France if you are Scottish rather than English. Although there is a certain contempt held between the nations - the French think the Scots are savages, and the Scots think the French are wimps. Both have a point. 
I've heard similar things as well. They would have a pouch of dry oats at their belt and a leather gourd, and they could bound over mountains for days without stopping like a pack of wolves. The French had never seen anything like this. .Their ancestors (the Franks) were quite similar to the Scotts, but that part of French history had been long gone when the French met the Scottish. .I know during one campaign the French had already taken the English throne but were having trouble gaining control of the northern part of the island. When a band of Scotts joined the siege brigade which was ahead of the rest of the army, the remaining English forts fell without a fight..Both have a point about the other, but I think that is also being playful. We called them "savages" because of their garb, architecture, and language, but the French had the utmost respect for Scottish bravery, tactics, and amicability.
I think a more inspirational example is during the siege of a town in France by the English. The English king wheeled out the Scottish king, who had been born and raised as a hostage in England, prepared to be put on the throne as a puppet ruler, to order the Scottish troops to surrender the town. 700 Scots had held the town for over a week against over 20,000 English soldiers. This was a last ditch attempt to take the town without horrific losses to the English army. .The problem was that Scotland had never regarded their rulers in the same light as the English and French. In England, despite the Magna Carta, the King was still believed to have a divine right to rule. The same view was held in France. In Scotland, however, the Treaty of Arbroath had set the monarchy to a standard that left them in no doubt that the king had a job to do, and failure to do it would result in his deposition and, probably, his death too. The English stopped fighting, and signalled a flag of truce to allow the Scottish king to speak. After the order had been given, the Scots, as one, started fighting again. Eventually the English took the town, after fighting progressed down into the tunnels beneath the walls, as well as above them. The Scots held the town for days after the incident with their king, and inflicted huge losses on the English army. .TL;DR Medieval Scotland was quite clear on what happened if a king tried to support the English. 
Yea, I feel like the U.S., Canada, GB, and Australia will always get along quite well..Edit: and New Zealand.Edit*: All English speaking countries! yargh
And NZ. 
[deleted]
Fush-n-chups
Lord of the Rings, yo. Although each to his own. I love the British countryside.
I've never been to England, but cannot wait to do so.
Check out Wales to the West of England. Especially if you're driving. The Brecon Beacons are stunning and it's nothing but miles of country road, dotted with old castles all the way to the Irish Sea.
I agree, the British countryside is very beautiful, although the Appalachian mountains on east cost of the US are more my thing. 
It's The New Great States of Austrirelanada all over again!
No love for Ireland and South Africa?
Not from the English.
Hahahaha much love for them, I'm just blanking. 
Ha it's cool bro :)
Isn't Ireland part of the Uk? Or Great Britain? Or whatever it is you guys have going on up there?
No, it's not. It's an individual country outside of the UK.
Seth Eff-rikka
i emm nut a racist!!!
Well, apparently the French talk more shit about/are more rude to America(ns) than the English
I've been to France multiple times and have found this to be very untrue.  Almost everyone outside of Paris have been quite nice overall.  This isn't to say that all Parisians were rude, but they definitely weren't as nice as everywhere else.   Kind of like going to NYC here in the states.  I've been several places in the U.K. And they've all been great.
The French have very favorable opinions of the U.S. and of American people, even more so than the British. At least, that's been the case since 2009.
It's not a NYC thing, it's a fast-paced urban thing.  I say this as a southerner living in NYC - NYer's aren't assholes unless you do dumb shit while people who live there are just trying to get to work/home/grocery-store/whatever.  (Like slowly walking 5-deep on a sidewalk staring up at "them big ole buildings".).Note: Except in Times Sq., tourists are given free reign there. NYers should know better.
What the . This is the 20th time someone mentioned New Yorkers as the shittier part of Americans. 
Not really. Well, maybe it's like the opposite of Paris. In Paris, the city is beautiful, but the inhabitants are wankers. In New York, the people are friendlier, but the city is heading for the opposite. Obviously there are some lovely parts of New York, just as there are some really shitty bits of Paris, but allow me to put to you a hypothesis I have been working on for some time. .You will hear from British people that American cities are very dangerous. You will hear from American people that British cities are incredibly rough, and not at all like the movies. This attitude largely stems from a group of middle class people from one country going to the other and ending up down the wrong street. In fact, it is almost possible to find parallels between certain American cities/states and British cities/counties, at least as far as their stereotypes go. Detroit is violent? Have you been to Liverpool lately? A city full of friendly people with a high crime rate? Are you talking about Glasgow or Philadelphia? It's full of inbred racists? Would that be Alabama or Norwich? It's huge, largely rural, and has delusions of seceding from the country? Texas or Yorkshire? .Wherever you go, you find cities that conform to certain templates. I'm pretty sure that if you look into the rest of the developed world, you will find the same. .But, for some reason, New York breaks the mould. It is a new class of seedy. I have a friend who insists that within New York you will find the Anus of the World. That said, he's never been to Paisley. 
The majority of the time foreigners only visit Paris, and Parisians are not French.
In my experience I've found that most Parisians just wish they were New Yorkers. 
Parisians are dicks. I went to preform in a festival there with a small jazz ensemble and I swear the taxi drivers would always speed away and never give us a ride and all the people would give us dirty looks the entire time... It is really sad because I am from New Orleans and have a deep love for the French and French culture. :/  
I'm assuming you're dark skinned?  If so, yeah I heard about racism in Paris.  Sad indeed.
[deleted]
Parisiens. It's a saying.
I have travelled France and this is absolutely true. I enjoyed Paris for the city but not so much for its people. I imagine this would be the same experience a foreigner would have for their first time in NYC..The folks in northern France were very kind and helpful. I had a great time in Cherbourg and still keep in contact with friends I made there. 
Dub here, I've visited both NYC and Paris. People as a whole mostly kept to themselves, though perhaps if I were an American I would have had a wholly different experience in the latter.
As a New Yorker who was recently in Paris (May) let me say that New Yorkers are absolutely nothing like the stereotypes that are portrayed. We may have our shit to do and walk with a purpose but if you need directions or help New Yorkers will make you feel like you're welcome here. I've seen plenty of European tourists act like we owe them something when they arrive here; their behavior relating to food service can be disgusting and rude... In Paris I did meet some wonderful, kind, giving people; however we did have some less than stellar reactions to us as Americans simply being there. Thankfully being from New York I was confident I could kick any pussy Frenchman's ass without much effort.
Glad to hear that! Yea, if an American says that French people are assholes, there are three possibilities: 1. They've never been to France  2. They've only been to Paris  3. They are an asshole, and were treated like one in return.
I'm actually fairly certain people who live in Paris are French.
I've been there a few times and indeed they seemed to be quite french.
It's pretty obvious that this is a saying, and I'm not being serious....I'm French, and this is what the rest of France says about Paris. Partly to mock them and push their buttons, but also because their lifestyle and culture really is quite different from the rest of France.
Mahatma is correct - they are Parisienne first.  They are really nothing like the rest of the French.  If you meet a polite person in Paris, they are visiting.
It's like people who live in New York City are New Yorkers first, and American second.
I think this stems from something that, for want of an official term, I call "Capital City Syndrome". Londoners have a similar reputation to the Parisiennes. I think it's basically a mindset that is a result of living in not just the big city, but . big city. You live where everything important happens, and everyone else is just a country bumpkin seeing the city lights for the first time. Even if someone comes from Bristol or Manchester or another large city, they are still an uneducated simpleton, or a rank savage to the Londoner. .Sorry, my irritation at how uppity those southern pussies get around real men turned this into a rant. But building on this, I think that in America this perhaps doesn't follow quite the same pattern as it does in Europe. Since the USA is huge, and divided up into states, it is possible to find this attitude in state capitals, or just large cities within states, since the state capital may not be the largest nor the most famous city in the state. .I've never met a rude Frenchman from anywhere in France that wasn't Paris. 
[deleted]
What about Austin?  As far as I'm aware, the asshole Austinite is a rare bird.
Not true.  Asshole-hipsters are in abundance.
Note: Urban texans are completely different. The wealthy urban areas that are growing due to an influx of biotech in areas like Dallas are pretty liberal.
Except that whole city is filled with Californian immigrants..Fuck Austin.
Actually that sounds like they are incredibly polite. (Assuming you aren't a minority or gay). 
Being in the military, I've met more Texans than any other state.  Texas is a completely different beast than the other states
That is a shitty stereotype, of which there are very, very few. .Go fuck yourself.
[deleted]

I've never met anyone like you've described and I've lived in Texas my whole life. .Conclusion: you are full of shit. 
The polite texans or the "damn texans"? 
I'm Texan. This is absolutely true unfortunately. 
Other conclusion: you're a Texan.
The U.S appreciates a strong ally.
burn
Yeah!.That's exactly why we spy on the EU ;)
Everyone spies on everyone.
Yeah but after the NSA spying, ohhhh. I don't they are going to be allies for much longer tbh.
yeah right
Statistically speaking the French have won more wars than nearly any other nation.
Is there a resource on this? Like a list of the record of battles for countries throughout history?
Despite their reputation when it comes to wars, they actually do better than most.
I'm talking a bout a list that compares battles by country to country, not just one country. 
Charlemagne was not French. I don't feel like going through that entire list, but the fact that that guy classifies Charlemagne as being French makes me suspicious of anything else he has to say.
Right? You can't count Charlemagne as French if France didn't exist.
My main point is that the French have at the very least won more wars than the US has, so the original point of "the US appreciates strong allies" comment was a bit out of place.

Anyone who actually knows history calls the French cheese-eating surrender monkeys in the same way you might call your burly biker friend "Tiny."
Don't forget about Napoleon. He's the war MVP for the 19th century.
japan and us became a lot closer after we beat the shit out of each other
The U.S. is going to befriend the shit out of this arc's villain! 
after we beat the shit out of them. FTFY
Each other? Japanese  never had a shot.
 
Was a battle, not a war. Japan had a snowball's chance in hell at winning a protracted war and they were well aware of it. The intended purpose of Pearl Harbor was to win a decisive battle that would force America to the table for a negotiated settlement and this continued to be Japan's policy through the rest of the war. 
Was going to respond to his comment but you saved m e the trouble. Good job. 
"If an injury is to be inflicted on an enemy, it is to be so severe, that the enemys retaliation need not be feared."
What was the quote from that guy who was in charge of the attack for the japs? Something like: I fear we have awakened a sleeping giant? .Or something like that. 
They were actually winning in the Pacific until the Battle of Midway.
Pearl Harbor was in December 1941. Midway was only 8 months later. The war went on for another 3 years
That's like sucker punching a bigger guy and saying you were winning the fight until he turned to face you and started hitting back. Technically correct while absurdly meaningless.
Its not like they knew when the war was going to end. If anything that shows how much the U.S. had to fight to win the pacific. 
No, it show that things started going bad for the Japenese pretty early on
Actually we dropped to atom bombs on them because they stood a good chance of fighting off our troops. 
Incorrect. We dropped bombs on them because a full scale invasion would cost too many lives and also, we wanted to send a message to the Soviet Union. .Make no mistake, if the Japenese had not surrendered we would have invaded and won.  
We would have invaded and . would have won. The Japanese would not have gone down until they had killed every American they could. They stood a good chance of fighting until America was willing to come to a truce. 
The Russians were coming for them as well it wasn't going to be just us. They basically kissed their asses goodbye once the launched the attack on Pearl Harbor. They knew they could not win a war of attrition against the US and were hoping to shock the states into a stalemate in the Pacific.
TIL throwing a sucker punch before getting beat to hell = having a shot in a fight.
What about Iraqis
After the US nuked the DNA out of japan... FTFY
And this is why we can't be close friends with the french they are never capable of putting up a fight.
buddy cop action. You got to bond after a beating.
Uh oh never trust East Asian countries.
closer? or just our bitch?

oh GDI.  tvtropes, there goes my afternoon.
No!  No! NOO
Its like when two guys beat the shit out of each other then after the fight they'll be like "you good bro?" and shake hands
Not forgetting the hundreds of thousands of British, ANZAC, Canadian and Indian soldiers who also fought in the Pacific, specifically Burma..Americans always seem to forget this.
Oh yeah Americans always forget about the pacific, except everyone who fought at Pelelui, Guadalcanal, Iwo Jima, Tarawa Atoll, Kwajalein Atoll, Tinian, Guam, Saipan, Angaur, Eniwetok, and Okinawa. 
well, thanks of making us seem like assholes instead of casually mentioning it, because all Americans think they did it by themselves
I meant they forget that other Allies also fought the Japs in various campaigns, even before America entered the war.
Yup.
We seem to forget it because it's not written in our textbooks and therefor not taught in public school, none that I got at least.
What are you talking about, America won the entire war on its own, from start to finish. Europeans are so silly. 
it's not gay if you beat him up afterwards
I like to beat him up beforehand. That way my dick doesn't get dirty, because I beat the shit out of him.
Though it is gay if you beat him off afterwards.
oh, so bad but so classic.
After having Tokyo and other main cities destroyed, getting nuked twice, the constitution being written by the U.S., having U.S. military bases all over the country, paying the U.S. 700 billion dollars, Japan is very close to the U.S. as much as a hoe being close to her pimp.
go back to a more serious subreddit. Why are all these people getting all historical and butthurt in ..
Oh, sorry for investing so much in a country to get it back to its feet.  We didn't invade Japan for nothing, they were pretty busy exploiting most of Asia. 
A hoe with a good buddy that kills jews
Based on your username you might be a bitter old Japanese man.
Nah, a rabid Naruto fan. 
And you sir have an amazing ender reference.
I might be bitter, but not that old... Maybe older than most redditors.
I can't stand anime fans.
...keeping in mind that the hoe attacked the pimp first. Not saying US actions were justified, but Japan did far worse.
I didn't mean to start the argument on who did worse or what can be justified. Most country is guilty of some shit if you look far enough. My original comment wasn't meant to say Japan is the only victim. I'd be the first one to admit and apologize to all the atrocities Japan did during the war. But when someone comments suggesting Japan and US is close buddies, I just needed to point out where this "closeness" comes from.
Okay, that's fine and you had a very legitimate point about US interference with Japan. I'm just frustrated on how the US tends to focus on Hitler's crimes while barely mentioning Japan i guess.
Debatable. Personally, I don't see the bombing of Pearl Harbor as bad as nuking of two cities, but that's just my opinion..EDIT: yes, yes, I get it. Japan did some seriously evil stuff to other Asian countries in the Pacific. I took history in high school, I know this. I just assumed that the context here was only Japan and the US relations, not the war as a whole. My bad. You can stop yelling at me for it now.
It wasn't just Pearl Harbor; Japan was moving through the Pacific Islands and slaughtering thousands of innocents in their way because the islands were rich in minerals and oil. The atomic bombs were only dropped after multiple attempts to stop Japan from their genocide in the Pacific Islands including ceasefire brokerages and subsequent warnings of an attack on their home territory if the Japanese did not cease their Pacific attack. The Japanese government effectively sealed their fate because they were too proud to admit to the rest of the world they had fucked up. 
Because we care about lives over money. .Take Palestine for example.
Um. So...the only atrocities are the ones committed against the US? Japan did horrible horrible shit to other Asian nations, as well as Allied POWs. Seriously, they are sometimes considered as bad as Nazi Germany for what they did.
Like I said in another comment, I figured the context here was Japan vs. US. I never said they never did anything else terrible.
...swing and a miss...
You do know that Pearl Harbor was only one of half a dozen coordinated sneak attacks across the Pacific, right?.But no, everyone makes a big deal of Pearl Harbor as if it was a single act and not part of a larger strategy..
No matter what way you look at it nuking was the best option. It saved lives compared to a conventional taking of Japan.
Except for all the evidence showing that the second nuking wasn't necessary, and US officials knew they would obtain a surrender regardless. That, and choosing a strategically insignificant densely populated civilian area to maim and kill as many innocents as possible. It wasn't an either/or decision, we could have finished Japan off without murdering hundreds of thousands of women and children . without a land invasion.
strategically insignificant aside from all the factories powering the Japanese war machine right?
Certainly. Trying to invade and take it over would have cost more lives that nuking it. Either option was terrible, but nuking was the most efficient at the time. It was one of those situations where you just picked the less shitty option.
As I stated above, this is a false dilemma. We could have targeted military installations instead of purposefully murdering as many civilians as possible in strategically insignificant cities. We also had already been firebombing throughout the war, killing something like half the civilian population in every medium to large city in Japan. Also, US officials were aware of Japans intention to surrender before the second bomb was dropped.

Fun Fact: During World War II, nearly 500,000 Purple Heart medals were manufactured in anticipation of the estimated casualties resulting from the planned Allied invasion of Japan. To the present date, total combined American military casualties of the sixty-five years following the end of World War IIincluding the Korean and Vietnam Warshave not exceeded that number. In 2003, there were still 120,000 of these Purple Heart medals in stock. There are so many in surplus that combat units in Iraq and Afghanistan are able to keep Purple Hearts on-hand for immediate award to wounded soldiers in the field.
[deleted]
Yes they are.
He's referencing the atrocities commited by the Japanese in China and Korea during that era.
but those weren't against the US, which I thought was the context of the conversation here..But yeah, Japan did some messed up things in China and Korea.
it doesnt matter if the atrocities were against the us or not. evil needs to be stopped before it spreads even more. nuking them was, like another user said, the lesser of two evils; the more evil option would be grinding your whole populace and economy against a "force to be reckoned with", with the war going on for 10 years at least and millions of soldiers dying on both sides. effectively, in that situation of options, the nuke was the optimal choice.

I'm not sure about far worse. I mean dropping two nukes on cities is pretty bad. .Edit: maybe I shouldn't have commented without much insight on the topic. I've realised that the US estimated that an invasion of Japan would be far more costly (probably to Japan as well) and the use of the atom bomb helped finish the war and did actually save lives in a way. It also helped them establish a form of global dominance with this powerful weapon of theirs. To be honest I was surprised to see a death toll of only around 200,000 from the bombing (considering a place, these days I'll admit, in Japan called a village by locals has that population). I also understand the atrocities that the Japanese committed, my grandfather had a desk job with the RAF in Asia at the time and was captured in 1941. He was held until Japan surrendered in deplorable conditions and with disgusting acts of cruelty seen almost daily. It messed him up to say the least. One thing I was thinking was that there may have been the possibility of a threat with the atom bomb, likely having to be followed with a demonstration on a military target and a threat of the same to a more populated area. But like I said I don't know a huge amount about this. 
Actually, as horrible as it was. The fact is, that had a war gone on conventionally, at least that many people would have died anyway, but half of them would have been Americans. The true horror is that instead of the people dying over the course of a two year war, they died all at once and on one side alone. It was going to be horrible either way. Slowly or quickly..The Vietnamese in charge made the comment that they had to make the war with the U.S. so horrible and so costly that the American's would lose their taste for war and go home..That is how a war is meant to be fought and why it should be avoided at all cost. The shit we were doing in Afghanistan and Iraq wasn't war. It was a political and PR squabble that used troops in a fashion in which they were never meant to be used. That is why the Afghanistan and Iraq wars were so pathetic. Because they were only wars in name alone.
Yes far worse. Look into what the Japanese did to the Chinese during WWII.  Dropping the bombs and having 150,000 and 75,000 die (plus probably thousands more with effects) saved the millions that would have been potentially lost taking the mainland. Think of the enemy. They were a hyper-radicalized highly motivated bunch. They would have fought till the last woman and child sadly. What happened, happened and I think we as a people have learned and realized the potential of our power. The task of controlling that power, is a question we still deal with today.
The Rape of Nanking comes to mind.
Don't get even, go one up.
Bad? It saved hundreds of thousand of lives.
Soldiers or civilians... Hmmmm
Realistically, both. The Japanese weren't know to surrender once it became apparent the fight was lost. They were going to attrition route. Japan is pretty densely populated, so any invasion would have probably killed more civilians and destroyed more homes and infrastructure than the two bombs. If I remember correctly, more people died in the conventional bombing raids on Tokyo than died in both atom bomb blasts. Those raids would have continued as long as the war did.

Here's what I think happened based on things that I've learned. I'm not saying I'm right, but consider the possibility before you down vote me to oblivion..Japan was in shitty condition towards the end of the war. They were losing battles everywhere and . Civilians were exhausted not only from the nightly bombings but also from starvation and sickness. When the first a-bomb hit on August 6, 1945, central government had no idea what had hit them. Also the communication networks between cities were in bad condition. Before Japan could really understand what was going on, second bomb hits on August 9th. Another major city being destroyed wasn't out of ordinary in Japan during this time. On the same day of the Nagasaki bombing, Soviet joined in on the Pacific War..I think Soviet was much bigger factor for surrender for Japan. They couldn't understand the threat of these new bombs, but they could understand threat of Soviet quite easy. The US had other motivation to use those bombs other than ending the Pacific War. The American scientists were sent to the two cities and the damaged cities and its victims were studied extensively. Also and most importantly, with these bombs, the US showed Soviet the advance atomic weapon technology that Soviet was so desperately wanted. .Again, you could be right about saving hundreds of thousands of lives, but as my description, these are mere hypothesis. We do not know for sure what really went on. We should not justify any act of atrocities based on some assumptions.
I am not from the U.S. and A. but as an outsider I can say those sneaky Jap fuckers started it. .Cough ... Pearl Harbor ... Cough.

Yeah I read that article posted last week too.
I'm sorry but you can't argue that point, do you even know how many people they killed? The radiation also seriously affected many more than those who lost their lives from the bombs. .Edit: my phone slipped in the word gas after radiation. 
The amphibious invasion of mainland Japan was predicted to have more than a million American casualties. 

No no no.  Your point is misguided.  I did my thesis on this very question.  They did tons of analysis on whether they should do it.  It is multidimmensional.  Military deaths alone were estimated to be greater than the bomb toll.  The civilian and collateral tolls were astronomical.  There was additional strategic value in demonstrating nuclear capability in the theater to keep the USSR at bay.  There is a bit of historical contention on the last bit, I'm not sure which side is currently winning it. .Source: I wrote my thesis after reading and researching the bejesus out of it.  Shall I ctrl c my twenty two page bibliography?
The thinking is that the daily carpet bombings of Tokyo had killed more people, and after Nagasaki, the Japanese empire surrendered quickly, ending the skirmish and ending the other bombings. 


Don't start shit won't be no shit. 
Lil' Jon, minister of foreign policies.
And that hoe happened to be murdering hundreds of thousands of people in her spare time. 
Sounds like how guys do things.
Holy shit it makes so much sense now
[deleted]
Unless you count violence itself as a problem.
Personally, I don't.
yeah, well it's get over it and grow up or keep fighting and die.
Soooo, when is every one gonna get over it and grow up already?
Because badass people need to be bros.
Its just like the Bash Brothers in Mighty Ducks 2!
Funny you mention that I just went up stairs and my sister was watching the first mighty ducks. 
Oh. That's dark. Or bright. I'm not sure anymore 
Starts out bright, then gets dark, like charcoal 
The way I heard it was "burning faggot"
Burning faggot works because faggot [used to?] refer to firewood.  For a while there must have been an overlap when it was referring to both the old meaning and the new meaning "homosexual"..Burning faggot reference is dated now.  The pun has expired.  Flaming Homosexual does not have the same connotation.  It seems like the flamboyant gay guy is the one committing a hate crime on the others - by being all in-your-face with his behaviour/dressing.
Fag is also a cigarette and the term is still in use in England I believe. I don't believe puns ever really expire, that's their nature to play on multiple even archaic meanings. One could use your logic to say the word "flaming" no longer has it's meaning since you seldom hear it, yet the meaning is still very much alive. With gay culture reaching a steady state in mainstream consciousness few terms really apply since such behavior now reside within cultural norms. 
A bit tamer punch line on my end
True, I was pointing out though it's an old joke. 
I've never heard it before, but very well could be old, it's an easy joke to make
Q: Why is marriage like a three ring circus? 
A: An engagement ring, a wedding ring, and suffer-ring. 
[deleted]
It's a joke alright. You're expecting something wittier. Totally works.
I can't say how many time I have heard this. Still funny every single time.
I just laughed for a good 38 seconds. Upvote!
true!
This good joke. 
I always heard it with the punch line:."Fluc you clazy Amelicans too!"
My dad loved this joke.  I thought he'd made it up, it is so bad.  Upvote.
OP is your father? Thought she was my mother...
Good joke, good joke.
Did he rub his dogs nose in it? 

This is actually much funnier than the joke.
Explain please
Yep
Oh...OH!!!!!!! That changes everything
It means fuck me in French 
Lol that's gross right?
But why does he yell it?
He tripped so he said fuck me.
It's used like "oh fuck!"
Some people say "fuck me!"
And then...they proceeded to fuck him I suppose
According to Hodor, I Hodor.
I think it works flipped around too:.My wife thinks I have boundary issues.  She won't even tell me to my face; I had to read about it in her diary.
According to my dogs I have WOOFWOOFWOOF.
LOLZ
My cats can't even be bothered to mention me in their dairy.
Neither can cows
According to my boyfriend's facebook emails, I have trust issues.
Laina?
Steve?
Laina and Steve .?
Same last name? I didn't know you guys lived in Tennessee!
Kentucky
They are right next to each other for a reason... They are brother and sister / husband and wife states
I have you tagged as "Top Submitter", I wonder why.
A few months ago the mods analyzed r/jokes submissions and saw I had the most, so they gave me that tag.  Doesn't mean I'm always funny, unfortunately.
Oh.
Aw you didn't think it's funny? :\.I guess that one crossed the line, haha.
I liked it :(
TL;DR puntastic.
The joke can be changed if you replace the first brother's name to something else. Like Aldi, Jewel, Caputo,  any grocery store with a person's name.
 
Oh, this is good...
I thought it was too. BTW: Keep up the good work on Zeta and Omicron. I'm really excited about them. Ive been a subscriber to the subreddit since the first post on 
At first I thought that Kim was blind.
So did I
I still do. 
Kim thinks Joe was blind
Kim switches her "l's" with "w's" she does not want to get weighed, she wants to get... 
leighted?
Lei'd? OOHHH they're in Hawaii! I get it.
Have you just, juxtaposed the explanation?
I have not.
Thanks, didn't get it until I read your comment.
this is great
TL;DR Mr. Rabbit convinces several forest animals to drop their drugs and go running with him instead. Mr. Bear slaps Mr. Rabbit when he is approached and calls Mr. Rabbit out on dropping acid right before running..Enough with the long ass jokes.
The version I know involves the rabbit doing ecstasy (that's why he was so jolly) and getting mauled and eaten by a lion who was doing heroin.
There's more to a joke than a punchline. The way it's delivered matters.
Yeah, but ain't nobody got time for dat!
Why are these animals doing drugs?
Bad upbringing...
Twelvies in animal form
Lack of education...
We don't need no education..


That never happened
Why can't Barbie get pregnant?.Because Ken comes in another box. 
Have you heard about Divorce Barbie?.She comes with half of Ken's shit.
I hear ken comes with a cool remote control car. Too bad the tires are slashed
An oxymoron is a statement in which two words contradict each other, for example "jumbo shrimp". Each line is an example of an oxymoron. "A fine day" cannot be "in the middle of the night." "Two dead mean" can't fight, they're dead. 
The one I always heard (and taught my kids) is a bit of a mix of those already listed:.One dark night in the middle of the day.Two dead boys got up to play.back to back they faced each other.drew their swords and shot each other.a deaf policeman heard the noise.came over and shot those two dead boys.if you don't believe this lie is true.ask the blind man, he saw it too
Probably because that version is completely nonsensical.
The version I've known since I was a child is simply oxymoronic..Edited because I think mercurialohearn's version makes for better oxymorons.
Well, the one I posted was what kids in my school said, in Ireland. I saw that one there on Wikipedia. Is it more popular in the states in that version?
The version I remember subs "early in the morning" for "one fine day," and the policeman kills the two dead boys. 
The very version I remember. My friend found it in a piece of newspaper, that came as a wrapper to a fabric. We enacted this in our Annual Parent's day back in school!
This one might be more successful in 
Thanks, thought that was a little risky
I've heard this one a million times, and it's still fucking hilarious.
I don't get it
He can't afford to pay for the drinks.
ah.. thank you
I think he can't pay for the drinks.
just did
All those who have a nice ass, raise my dick. .Thank you. 
twist: OP believes in telekinesis.
It's a good joke. But you should have separated the sentence up.
-Emo Philips
And the third robber in line, takes all the money when both leave.
Does the number mean something? or am I just being an asshole right now?
[deleted]
I thought this was a good joke but my girlfriend think it sucks. Her words, not mine.
:)
Why didn't the first robber do it? He must have been closer.
Probly cuz the first 2 robbers were blonde and deaf. 
:D
By the short hairs 
t9 spells "dumb" if you punch in 3862
Mine spells 'funa' :(
what about the suggestions?
Nothing... I have a bad phone :(
It spells something
I just don't get why the person behind his blonde too
CHFB?
I caught it! Haha that's pretty good
:)
clever
And that is...?
Dumb..EDIT: Since I'm being downvoted, I guess people can't figure out that on a 3x4 number pad, 3862 spells the word "dumb."
You a blonde?
No one?
I laughed OP, pretty good.
Glad you got a laugh. 
I wonder if i can do this to a blond so i can get their ATM number....Haah just kidding. .Maybe.
I'm going to try this soon. I'll let you know how it goes. 
Try it with a combination to a safe...
OP will surely deliver.
If she makes a fuss, I'll try to record. 
:o awesome! You life saver.
Fine. I'll do it. hunter2
Its not the right password everyone, I tried it. 
That's cuz I changed it to 2868. 
What? I just see ******* ...
That's because it's on your computer. On mine it says hunter2.
Chris Brown?
A group of lifers in a local prison had a joke book they all had memorized. Every now and then somebody would simply call out "Number 29!" and the group would laugh. .A new guy enters the cell block and reads through the joke book so he could know what's going on. After a few days he thinks he's got it memorized, so at dinner, he yells out, "Number 18!".Nobody laughs. The guy asks how come. It was the funniest joke in the whole book. .An old timer just shakes his head, "Some can tell 'em. Some can't."
This one of my favorite jokes. Goes back at least to 1954. I found it in a book of jokes published back then.
Mind explaining?
Instead of actually telling the joke, the prisoners would just say the number of the joke in the book.
I get that much
oldie but goodie
TL;DR A blonde's stupidity is her saving grace when it takes her longer than everyone else to understand the first joke.
Later the new guy decided to try again. He shouted "number 95", and everyone started laughing hard. He asked why it was so good, and they said "we've never heard that one before"
I don't get it..EDIT: Sorry, replying to wrong comment.
reminds me of another Trio in Car Accident joke I heard...the brunette and redhead were riding in the cab of a pickup, while the blonde sat in the bed...but then they lose control and end up going off a bridge into the water below...the brunette and redhead can't open the doors because of the damage (one of those Jaws of Life moments) so they drown...then in the afterlife, as they're wandering around, they've just come to terms with the fact that they're both dead now, and they hope that the blonde has made the most of the rest of her li-- wait a minute, there's the blonde right over there! so they ask "what happened? how did you eventually die?" and all that...the blonde says "oh I died that day we were all in the pickup...I couldn't get the tailgate down so I drowned..."
Took me a while...
so...many...ellipsis...
yeah I tend to type how I talk IRL...I also tend to pause for a bit between sentences, longer than the "period" pause
Mind explaining?
She's sitting on the bed of the pickup, so it's open, but she kept trying to open the back part until she drowned
I dont quite get it
he wiped his cum on the curtains so his wife was pissed
hitting the roof is a British expression i believe meaning really really pissed off.
I've heard it here in Florida.
originated in, still a fairly popular expression.
Wha?
It would be funnier if you said it was the worst thing.
Speaking of dead babies, I saw one in a sterile container about an hour ago. 
omg dead baby joke! upvote!
"Nice shot, Dad."
This was posted about 3 weeks ago
Big deal, he gets no karma from it.
I thought Jesus hit it onto the water and it stayed on top so he could walk on water...
A man and a priest are playing golf when the man misses, and yells, "shit I missed." .The priest, not liking his choice of language, asks him to kindly refrain from such vulgarities. The man apologizes, and they play on..A few holes later, the man misses again, "shit, I missed." The priest says, "you really shouldn't use that kind of language, the lord can hear you, ya know.".The man rolls his eyes, but agrees, and on they go, until the man misses and yells it again, "shit, I missed.".The priest loses his patience, "God wouldn't like you using that language, and I'd suggest you stop saying that right now.".The man barks back, "why are you such a tight-ass? I don't see what the big fucking deal is, anyway. God's not even real, just a made up piece of shit.".Out of nowhere, the priest is struck by lightning, and a voice booms from the heavens, "."
Funnier than the OP!
Thanks, I'm not sure if it's been used, but it's free game if anyone wants to post it.

What? Can someone explain this to me?
conception also means to have a child..So a misconception is to not have a child..Therefore a misconception (not having a child) is the same as an abortion.
Oh, haha.
Hahaha good one!
Thank you :)
Didn't he have gorillas?
jungle oak?
I didn't write the joke. I'm just passing it along. :-p
maybe kapok would work better? pretty sure that's a normal tree in jungles.
Telling my fiance this tonight. Thank you. 
I think the correct answer is "none".
If the person you ask responds with the traditional "I don't know", you can also go for "Neither do they!"
You mean this commercial?. 
Ah! Thank you for that. OP forgot the "Smoking Kills" punch line.
stock*
Shoot. 
[deleted]
No kidding 
What did it say?
It said, "Bose is a speaker company. Penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis.".Exactly like that, I swear.
Hmmmm, yeah that would make sense.
Bose is not a publicly traded company. You can't buy its stocks. It's not available to the public. It would make more sense if you said Dolby. You can buy Dolby stocks.
Or, you could just shut the fuck up.
You must be really fun at parties.
If you read this like Dustin Hoffman in Rain Man, it starts to work.
You seem like a laugh
I have already seen this joke on this subreddit, it's not exactly the same though (the beginning is different).
And this one seems hilariously less effective.
Eeehhhh, yeeeeah I totally saw it coming..TL;DR Bully walks into a bar. Picks on a scrawny guy by downing his drink. Turns out the guy was gonna end his life by drinking his poisoned drink.
20 years ago though, that guy had a pretty great day!
That's what I was thinking, thought all those "20 years" ago things were going to tie into the joke for sure
Twist, he's 24 years old
You have mouse bones in your tummy
I simply can't . this joke
And they're tearing me apart!
See, now this is a joke people. This... is a good joke.
Nice anti-joke.
?
ok look.so, a popular greeting in new zealand is "kia ora" which means hello/good morning in maori.a kia is also a type of car.hence the joke
Ohhhhhh..Gotcha.
Oh ho snap
shots fired, shots fired
LOVE IT!!  My (ex) wife used to say that I like my family better than hers.  I told her that wasn't true - I much preferred her mother-in-law to mine.
You, sir, are awesome.
Why, thank you, kind sir. . Why is it I'm so much wittier at one in the morning?
I don't know, kind sir. Actually, I'm more of a kind lady.
Oops.  So much for witty. :-(
But I am Canadian, so...Sorry?
I hate both of you
And I love jew
Haha, don't worry, it's okay.
I remember my first joke...
booo


Warning: NSFW/NSFL
OH GOD KILL It WITH FIRE AND THROW IT DOWN A HOLE.
Actually, I've never heard this one before.....
Well, welcome to Reddit. Or the internet, in general. .Try to keep that attitude every week.
Fuck you that's funny
Oldie but goodie
Why did it make the pepper archer mad when he broke his bow?.Because he had to 
I read this comment in the most stereotypical Mexican accent I could pull, without bothering to skim it. I cracked up at the end. 
Good joke, good joke, but I would change auld sod to Emerald Isle or just Ireland or something more commonly known
Great joke. The way I originally heard was that the guy's wife forced him to quit drinking.
Ouch
I have a shorter and different version: A man walks into a bar. "Ouch!"
Where is . when you need him... :(.Edit: thanks!
S/He's slow so I'll help you out..Lent is a Catholic/Episcopalian ritual that spans from Ash Wednesday until Easter, during which one gives up something negative and/or adds something positive to his or her life. Usually it's giving up something that's negative but you like to do, so as to deny yourself of your desire(s). .In this joke, The man habitually drinks one drink for himself, one for one brother, and one for another brother. Roughly a year passes and it's now time for Lent. He "gives up" drinking but his brothers haven't, so he still drinks the two for them. It's funny because the man found a sort of loop-hole in the system and exploited it through flawed logic. 
Yes, I see what you did there. Well played, sir, well played.
"An man" spot the missing nationally
I guess these comments gave up being funny/interesting for Lent
Yeah, it's past Lent season. Like telling a Santa joke in July. Automatic bad timing.  Good joke, just not the season.
Have no fear! I'll take up the charge!.When the old gent left Ireland and emigrated to wherever, he'd promised his brothers that he would always have a drink for each of them (sentiment, since they presumably used to drink together when in Ireland): two for his two brothers, plus his, making it a total of three. .Starting one day, the man cuts down on one drink. The barman is afraid that something might've happened to one of the man's brothers. .But as it turns out: the man is refraining from alocohol because of Lent. But he does this only for his drink. The other two aren't his -- they're drunk to and for his brothers; and so, he can still have them (without . them)! .Hope I did a good job! . extra zany-ness! 
Lent: cognate with the word reLent, which means "let Go"..Source: Hetman Hylam Wiskode.
Now where's JokesExplainedExplained when you need them?.or even getting more meta-humour, JokesExplainedExplainedExplained or (JokesExplainedExplainedExplained)Explained..ah . and  . you comedy legends..edit: decided to add links to the jokes I'm referencing
I'd rather a JokesExplainedExplainedExplainedExplainedExplainedExplainedJokes subreddit. .We might be destined to do this forever -grin- 
Not if I shoot first, .I'm not batman. 
Darn.:(
ah that was a damn funny reply you made though.
Always. 
IT WOOD HAve been more funny if his brother had cancer lol
Typical bro
Dude is clearly a 4rd grader as evidenced by his lack of white-space and punctuation in his comment history. Probably a future homeless person living under a bridge.
How the hell do you have -1.6K karma in just 4 days?
Tagged him as 'Cancer'
Can you tell me how to tag? Sorry if this is a really annoying question, but I've been trying to find out (Not really.) and it's something I've wanted to do for a while now, but just never had the motivation to ask someone or search it..Again, sorry if this is a sour spot.
You need RES to tag people. Once you have it, a small label-type symbol appears next to people's usernames - click it, and you'll be able to assign a tag to them.
No dramas. If you're on a browser, you can install this thing called Reddit Enhancement Suite. It lets you tag. It's also got a bunch of other cool features as well like night mode. Which is great on the eyes..Here's the link to the features, and there's a download section up the top left.
If you have RES then there should be a "tag" image right beside everyone's name. Click that, personalize and Bob's your uncle.
Tagged as Uncle Bob
I saw this on here a month or two ago except everyone in the bar knew the guy and when he ordered only two drinks, everyone became deathly silent (ha pun)..The bartender finally summons the courage to ask if anything happened to one of his brothers and the guys says "Oh heavens no, my wife just told me to stop drinking".
I always heard, "One of my brothers quit drinking." .Your way (and the op's way) are definitely funnier.
This one comes around every few months.
Like a. of drinks!
TIL "Auld Sod" means 
That's what I came here for, thanks.
Actually, it means "old turf" or homeland. But yes it's an Irish expression and typically refers to Ireland.
Ah, the funny joke that I can also tell to the elders in the family! Excellent.
"it may be a needle, but it moves like a sewing machine!"
TOR is a private browser that doesn't let people track you, attracting a bad crowd. A torpedo is a weapon that is launched underwater. 
And pedo is short for pedophile.
Heard a longer joke with a similar finish a while ago, but in that one, the woman shows up naked with a reason (shipwreck). .If all he wants is to have the woman hold the camel, there's really no point in her being naked or particularly beautiful, is there? .Just have him come across the woman (minus genie, that is), and you'll have an improved joke in your arsenal! 
Since the joke is about a man with camels in (presumably) the desert, I think a genie makes sense... more sense than a shipwreck would, anyway.
it makes it funnier if he wants the camel more than a beautiful, naked woman
That's the whole point of the joke.
Of course it would. The shipwreck was in the original version of the joke. My comment was about the pointlessness of asking a genie for a beautiful naked woman when the camel isn't anywhere to be seen -- all because he wants her to hold it and nothing else. He might as well have asked for a big, ugly, burly man (better grip). .This is how I'd have told this joke (applying quick edits): .The one I remember had a dog stopping a man from doing his business with a sheep/goat/cow. One day a gorgeous woman floats up on the tide (he's marooned on an island or something) and she asks him what he can do for her in exchange for saving her life. .He ends it with: "Hold this fucking dog." .I was referring to that. . crappy redux since I'm not bothered to type any more. 
my mistake. i meant for that comment to be a reply to 
Misinterpretation. That wasn't what I was pointing out at all. 
no eye* 
IT'S NOT FIISH
That is one of my favorite one liners! In a similar vein- .A skeleton walks into a bar and orders a beer and a mop. 
You CAN just put a title you know.
Fully aware, thought the implied pause added to the effect.
I don't get it '_'
where would a skeleton's beer go after he drinks it? he doesn't have a stomach to contain it anymore...
The skeleton would have the beer go straight through him so he would need a mop too :)
It was already answered but thanks anyway and have an upvote.
Oh right, take my upvotes.
lol glad I could...throw you a bone? (I . have a Return Policy on upvotes...)
Well I upvoted all three comments and yet I get one in return? Preposterous.
to (kind of) quote Nathan Hale, "I only regret that I have but one upvote to give for reddit"...
Like thats ever happened.
Reminds me of a dream I had. .Funny, my name is Johnny too... 
I find it ironic that a lot of his lyrics have visual commentary. I've see him play the drums before. That's definitely a wtf? site to see. 
This is so stupid it's hilarious :')
Excellent joke.  Couldn't stop laughing at this for a long while.
:)
Huh... I was thinking the joke would be that the guy hadn't been alone the whole time and had just left the other people on the island without a second thought.
Is this a reference to something? Because "whoosh."
Ya...I guess I should have thought twice about this posting on Reddit. It refers to the fact that most people who attend church will...over time...find a reason to be unhappy and go somewhere else.

LOL I remember Ray
I grew up in the Deep South with a Christian upbringing and I only noticed people change churches if they moved.
An oldie but a goodie.
An oldie but an oldie.
my first reaction was to re-post this on my facebook page...then i realized i only know one person who will get the punchline...so i'll just tell it to her...smh
You hear the one about the gay broom? It came out of the janitor's closet.
They seem to have made a . with Roxanne. They told her that if she sends a message in a bottle, she doesn't have to turn on the red light..Those days are over.
I don't get this joke..
Can someone please explain it to me.
shame this joke was on The News Quiz last Friday...
The music artist Sting has a song called . that is about surveillance / stalking.
Additionally, the song opens with "Every breath you take, and every move you make."
"I'll be watching you"
And I believe the Police were in on it.
But I hear it's a nice place! .I have reservations about your reservation about your reservation on the reservation. .Any other reservations? 
Last time this joke was told, it wasn't over-explained.

My teacher would have us write things in a notebook and while we did that he would play  Brian Regan. My favorite one was when he talks about the plural of moose and boxes, "MOOSEN"
Not sure about canceling plans you made at an Indian casino? That's a reservation reservation reservation.  Indeed was Brian regan... Began with "here's something I don't have a place for

Good joke, poorly executed. 

This was not a repost. Even though it looks that way I didn't see that joke being previously posted, sorry!
a tip: 
it was probably stuck in his throat
When you follow a joke with 2 minutes of laughter, it's not dry humor.
It's wet humor. 
Rest in peace Grandpa.
While I love this joke, it's near the top of EVERY joke thread we have here (at least every week in Ask Reddit).
All the upvotes made me think this would be good. I was disappointed.
Those guys are both dumb-asses, the answer is Tony Blair!
ITT: downvotes.
I love your username. And Brian.
"he holds up his hand in front of his face. "Take your shovel and hit my hand..."" So the broken hand guy gets his face fucked by the other ditch digger?
My god. .My father told this joke everywhere he went. And seeing it here is like seeing his face, staring at me through the white reddit walls.
This could easily be adapted to a BAMMER joke. 
Awful, just awful, no humor.
Stanley Yelnats?
Waaah waaaah waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah....
Ditch diggers today sit in an air conditioned cab pulling levers and pushing buttons on a vehicle that costs more than your house.
Damn I wish had gotten that memo when I was working in construction. I spent way too many hours down in a ditch shoveling.
See, he said "today", you must have just missed out. 
and...? what happens next ?!?!?!!?!?.edit: dammit guys, tell me. I still attending high school.
My grandpa told me that joke when I was 5 years old and I thought it was the funniest thing ever. Thanks for reminding me of him!
HOLES!
Hilarious! /s
it wuld have been more funny if the girl turned out to be justin beber
Well, figuratively speaking.
My high school biology teacher told me this joke... except it was italians, not drop outs. 
Yes, this would work better as a "Pollack" joke. 
It's the exact same joke either way, but I guess a racist would like the polish version much better.
Total right wing humor.
"Laziness! Thievery!"
No no. Not when you compare!!! When you really step back!!!
I decided to change my name on facebook, because I didn't want the "Man" tracking my every move online. And this was the only thing I could think of. Lmao. Now all my friends just call me "Floyd".
My dad used to tell this joke, but the foreman went to UT and the ditch diggers were from A&M.  :)
[deleted]
Now i get it!
This joke is terrible.
What's your top post on .?
Believe it or not, you don't have to have a joke that gets a lot of upvotes to have and express an opinion. I know that may be hard to swallow... but sources are now saying that it's the truth. Lab experiments and shit.
Spoiler alert: this joke started life as a racist joke. This marks the first time I've ever heard it with high school kids instead of black men.
Everytime someone tells me this joke it's about 2 Polacks.
I heard it with Samoans. And Portuguese.
Maybe people would have liked it more if I'd made it about race.
We already know why dropouts are in the ditch.
Knowing people, probably.
Dude... In order to have a novelty account like this, you need to be able to.
1. clearly explain the joke.
2. Know when to explain and when to not explain.
You need to work on both of these skills.
This was my favorite Aggie joke to tell. Obviously, its one of those jokes where you can easily insert "dumb party" in the roles of the two ditch diggers and "smart guy" as the "foreman". Same results.
Last time I heard it, it was just needlessly racist. I like this version better.
[deleted]
Aggie is the term for a person who attended Texas A&M. Aggie is also a term for students of other agricultural based universities (like Florida A&M). Aggies are typically labeled as dumb hicks, where this may be true to some, its mostly used as a friendly rivalry term. So people like to swap Aggie jokes which mostly poke fun of them being stupid, inbred, etc. .Aggies love them so much, they actually sell Aggie Joke books on their own campus.
Also people who go to Utah State.  Same label. 
"He's a fighting Texas Aggie, and he just don't give a damn."
How does an Aggie spell "farm"?.E-I-E-I-O
Pretty much blond jokes between colleges, here is an anti-aggie joke that everyone has heard, .An Aggie walks into a bank in New York City and requests a $5,000 dollar loan for an upcoming trip out of the country. .The bank agrees but tells her she must give them some collateral before they give her the money. 'No problem. Here's the title to my Rolls Royce, it's parked out front.' .The bank gladly excepts and gives her the loan. As the Aggie is leaving they all joke about how she left such an expensive car as collateral for such a small bank loan. .After a week had passed the Aggie returns to the bank to repay the loan and the interest. The interest came out to be $17.53. The loan officer asks her 'Miss, why did you need the $5,000? We checked into your account and saw that you are a very wealthy lady.' .The Aggie replied, 'Where else in New York City can I park my car for a week for only $17 and know that it will be there when I get back?'
Why the fuck would an aggie have a rolls? 
Oil money
Is that common, at Texas a&m? Lots of rolls driving around? .This is a weird adaptation of a blonde joke. 
Yes, there is a ton of money at Texas A&M although other schools up the freeway have a more notoriously fithy rich reputation, like Baylor or Southern Money University.  Texas Tech and University of Houston are where the poor kids go.  .Here is their current most famous student: 
The more you know. .Thanks for that. 
just aggie joke
I know, right? We definitely prefer lambos.
I am an Aggie grad. I can confirm that we eat this crap up.
Gig 'em!
if this is a bot than bravo. if not man u gotta find a hobby
Definitely not a bot.
I like it. 
It's much funnier when told right. Typing it all out kinda killed it.
No seriously I thought it was great!
Take the fucking compliment OP.
This would make a better skit... Like a Beavis and Butthead short or something.  
You mean .? 
The way I've always seen this is in the form of a skit at boy scout camp.
Agreed. I was picturing 2 of the stooges the whole way through.
Ned and Ted was in my mind
i had Megan Fox and Scarlett Johannson in my mind....
I prefer to fantasize Megan Fox and Jessica Alba
Good choice my friend
Ren & Stimpy
You mean Bill and Ted? 
Barney and Ted?
Marky Mark and Ted?
They had one excellent adventure
Her?
Wrong show
Clever but not that funny.
Or neither...
It's better spoken, and using your own hand to demonstrate the last part
I dont think its an English joke. I have heard it before in my own language and it is rather funny. It doesnt translate well though.
This joke is best told miming the hand in front of your face for the punch-line. Makes it a lot better.
What seemed lost?
I found it funny but not that clever.
I found it rather shallow and pedantic
I found it vapid and ostentatious
well you're a festizio...I can make up words too
[deleted]
[deleted]
Downvote for, I assume, being too cowboyish.  Tough break pardner.
Down vote for "Up vote for...".
Up vote for "Down vote for..."
Wait... Ehh I guess I deserve downvotes.
That humility just earned you an upvote.
Hmm, yes. Shallow and pedantic. 
Indeed
Quite.
Indubitably.
Yes.
Indoobitably
Inboobitably
boob

Something along the lines of "it was a very SHORT ceremony" would be a better pun.
Agreed.  I was short on time when I thought of this one
I love this joke every time i read or hear it.
But....then you're smoking latex?
The pharmacist fainted. 
That was funny.
Ah yes, the camel. Why IS it called "the ship of the desert?"
Because ensemble decided that to nerf camels, they would be classed as boats. 
Because unlike most animals with four legs, it moves both right legs, then both left legs, etc. This makes riding them feel like being on a ship in stormy weather.
Look at the big brain on Brad!  Or you could be full of shit. But I won't be fact checking anyone tonight. 
Huh!
Because the Tuna PR folks had already locked up "Chicken of the Sea".
I feel like a fucking idiot for not getting this joke. I've sat here for like 5 minutes, but, nothing.....I need to go outside or something. 

Is...is it going to move or not?
GIFs should only be used for animation, otherwise there's JPEG and PNG... 
Haha, a few hours in one of the cigarettes slipped and fell back down into the pack. Stopped the recording there out of utter disappointment.
Maybe I should have capitalized the 'C'?
Camel is a brand of cigarettes, supposedly what the woman was referring to. But that last sentence could also be interpreted as implying that the woman wanted to have sex with an . camel.
There used to be an add that said four out of five doctors preferred Camels, the add was dropped when the tag line was added by others the other one still preferred women.
[deleted]
I liked it...
My, oh my.... .(I admit: I loled a little .)
Bestiality is never a good idea. 


That was a risky click.
Thank you for being filter#1. I just let out a sigh of relief. 
instead of camel u should of titled it "gay ass joke that doesnt  make any sence" lol
Holy shit man, time to find a new hobby.
Trying to get negative votes?  Have an up vote.
It makes perfect *sense (by the way). Camel is a brand of cigarettes.
this guy ^ laxbro1999 keeps trolling and trolling..its so annoying...
Laxbro1999 is here, which means patriot4545 isn't far behind. I believe they're the same person.
How the fuck does he have -1500 karma. I would have to work hard for that. I'm not even mad at him that's amazing
There's a guy down to -20,000.
Getting downvotes is easier than getting upvotes.
1500 is still a career
 takes the downvote cake for most downvoted user. heres his subreddit . 
Can we all just get together and upvote these people or something? .I don't know what to make of all this :/
OH my God..how do they do that? and in one month?
The day that people were going to start taking downvotes and seeing them as upvotes has come, and it is glorious.
That is one dedicated asshole
take note ... as a redditor...and that many karma...
it must be, twilight was a best seller
... I don't get it
Its a stereotype of jewish people being penny pinchers
They always try to get the quarterback.
What does a Jew call at a coin toss?.Mine
speaking of two guys, Mexico, and needing money....so two mexicans try to strike out for the American Dream (we'll call them Juan and Too for naming's sake) but neither of them can find jobs, even after weeks, months, of searching...so they end up panhandling at certain street corners...after a week of this, Juan has made about $50, not the Dream he expected, but he can eat now...but suddenly he sees Too drive up in a fancy new Cadillac, stepping out wearing a nice fitted suit...Too even has enough extra cash to toss Juan a thousand bucks, purely as a gift...Juan asks "so what's your big secret?" Too replies "panhandling! I just made a sign and sat at the corner, next thing you know, here I am!" Juan calls "Bullshit! I've been doing the same thing and I gotta settle for Dollar Menu food!" Too asks "well what did YOUR sign say?" "oh, yknow, 'broke, homeless, will work for food/money...' that kinda thing"."ah, that's the key here," Too realizes, for his sign said "just need FIVE MORE bucks to make it back to mexico!!"
R/forwardsfromgrandma
Brocode!
Thanks for the chuckle. 
You're gonna go far kid.
...and then it farted would work, too.
It may be funny but I've seen it many times before :/
Why would a bedouin say amen in a prayer?
Where does it say he's a Bedouin? 

Dance fucker dance
You might be being downvoted but honestly I liked this one... maybe . will enjoy it more.
Have an arrow point backwards, so when they see it they will all get very confused.
No, because then they will realise that someone is fucking with them and will ignore it.
Can someone please explain the joke? 
I feel so stupid.
Deer/buck.Skunk/scent.Duck/bill.Words are connected to the animal.
Ah, thanks.
English is not my first language, so I didnt connect all the words to the animals (I only got scent-skunk).
Christ, I live around skunks deer and ducks and I couldn't figure this one out for the life of me. 
Sue sounds like a real bitch
She's actually a very lovely woman.
And thats how Bambi's mother died
Because she couldn't make enough .?
Single mom (doesn't have a buck to her name) out at the bar with her doe at home. Sad sad sad
She only had the skills that her .ned in the sex trafficking game.
Ohhhh deer... But alas, everyones herd.
It was dangerous, she almost got shot, the bullet . her.
I know i was just being a smart ass lol
You know? Are you one of them new-fangled stalker types? Cause that's not very nice.
swap out duck with giraffe and the punch line is "I guess the high balls are on me".
I don't get it.
A high ball is a type of glass used at bars. It's shorter then a pint glass. It is normal used for mixed drinks like rum and cokes. A peters is used for beers usually and a low ball would be used for anything on "the rocks". .Get it? 
That's just silly.
We're in a Jokes subreddit, obviously people are allowed to be silly
I would have a lot of trouble telling this joke. So the duck says to the skunk.. i mean the deer tells the bartender...FUCK
That made me laugh more than the joke did.  Thanks :)
No wait, it's gotta be YOUR bull.
I've botched it up once or twice since I heard it on Sunday.
Haha it would've been funnier if they walked into an NSA office lol
Go to sleep kid its past your bedtime
You are what's giving our generation a bad name.
And lacrosse players
And Beliebers.
Please, don't feed the troll. 
I don't think people understand that responding to trolls only makes them want to do it more. 
Care to explain why that would be funnier?
Yesterday he also responded that a joke would be funnier if the woman turned out to be justin bieber. Someone asked him to explain why that would be funnier as well
So... what is he trying to accomplish?
yea lets just downvote the shit out of him, u/laxbro1999 is obviously a failure at commenting.

you should see his profile(?) ..never seen so much downvotes..in 3 days...
Im going to go pretty far out on a limb here and say that hes a young laxbro, the likes of which aren't known for their sense of humor outside of their group. Just my guess though based off of his username
Scumbag 14 yr olds...
Do you work with Barb from RoosterTeeth by chance?
ROOSTER TEETH!!!!
I always think about Barbara when I read these things.

No the woman who told me this jokes name is Sue and we work in a newspaper depot.
Oh, you work with a lawyer?
Sue is such a card.  We like to have fun here.
You referred to someone as a card? Get an upvote. That's just the bee's knees...
The cat's pajamas. 
The iguana's corset!
that's about the most mundane response you could have possibly come up with.
If you worked in a newspaper depot and were told this joke by Sue, you'd probably have said the same thing
Your logic is seamless
Seems like it's my turn to be that idiot who doesn't get it.
Could you be sure that he was joking?
Snails move a fraction of one-mile-per-hour, it would take hours to get from the beach to the man's house
Ah right..I thought the wife opened the door before the man fell.

[deleted]
I think you forgot that you weren't in 
God dammit what did he say?
-7(1|8)
Most awesome bot ever
I think the son should have gone to the police.
More than half a bottle of pills+smoothie=concrete.
I don't think you could drink a smoothie that had over half a bottle of pills in it. 
You wouldnt think the husband would notice the 4 pills in his drink?
Sons ass only hurts because?....
I just realised why he's saying "Here kitty kitty kitty" the fuck _
Maybe he just wants to cuddle
Is that a challenge?! 
the dad fucked him too
Not after poppin' pills
A Serbian Joke
The mom died from the fucking, the daughter was hospitalized and the son is just in pain.. Why? Because he knows how to take a dick
this joke had so much promise and the punch line was just lame
Yea.. punchline was too obvious/not that funny/rape joke
oh. oh no.
That's what the daughter said.
fuck you, I laughed
[deleted]
glad to hear it man!
Is this funny because it's unexpected or am I missing something?
You aren't missing anything, but I think it was a decent joke.
Well that's funny, but doesn't make sense.
What part of it doesn't make sense?
The part where he says "ok, well wash your hands because I want a cheeseburger"?
Men are not expected to turn down a pretty lady offering sex of any kind. 
It's the old .. We expected something about a handjob and the man asked for a burger.
That IS a pretty solid joke sir!
I think I was telling this one since middle school and I first heard it from my grandpa at like 10 years old lol
It's funny because men aren't expected to turn down a handjob if it's available. 
You people are just morons. Why would the man ask for a cheeseburger when 'but then the bartender comes out, a stacked, beautiful blonde'? And it's written in a way that suggests she is the one who gives hand jobs. If that is the case why would he say, whatever is written in the post? He would have just said, "Please bring the person who serves cheeseburgers".
He wants her to wash her hands cos she's obviously been giving hand jobs to everyone.
You people are just morons. Why would the man ask for a cheeseburger when 'but then the bartender comes out, a stacked, beautiful blonde'? And it's written in a way that suggests she is the one who gives hand jobs. If that is the case why would he say, whatever is written in the post? He would have just said, "Please bring the person who serves cheeseburgers".
It's assumed she serves the food as well. Obviously. Moron.
You can't assume everything. And if you are a good poster you would better explain it properly as well. Get it? Moron?
It's a fucking joke man, you're meant to assume some things! It was funny and everyone else seemed to get it but you. How about you relax and go read some knock-knock jokes or something?
How about you just shut the fuck up, and admit you are a fucking joke of an excuse for intelligence?
Hahahaha, what because I understood the joke that you didn't? Bless.

Great, I have $17.50

A beer a hot dog and 3 hand jobs?
Minus the beer. 
Minus the bear
Oh shit that made me gag
I don't get it 
He's trying to stay away from germs, but puts his mouth on the part that was in the horse's ass.
Jesus this is the weirdest joke I have heard evar!
I always heard this one with the punch line "in a burlap sack on the back of a donkey"
But he still got the Lambo..
Get the friend with the truck to run her over. Problem: solved.
I'm not risking loosing MY truck because YOUR wife is a slut!
Some friend you are. You're probably banging her too.
Technically a bicycle is a vehicle.
The good people have the best vehicles. John got a Lamborghini because he had been a good husband. His wife got roller skates, meaning that she was a bad person on earth. John was upset because his wife cheated on him while they were on earth. 
You should be more selective on which jokes you use this on.
Should add at the end, "and I knew she went to church!"
Ouch.
Apples.... just imagining it makes me cringe like hell.
I once knew a bloke with a dick so small that if he sodomised a rat it wouldn't notice. 
 your favorite joke of them all? Wow. I realize humor is a "to each his own"-sort of thing, but I'm sorry, that one is pretty lame. I'm guessing you're either relatively young or that you just haven't heard very many good jokes. 
Actually I'm 30, so not relatively young and I'm sorry you think it's lame but I like the joke, it never fails to make me chuckle. I'm curious as to what you think is a good joke, genuinely curious and not trying to be bitchy.
In Australia, a cheerio is a half-sized hotdog frankfurter. Made the joke really confusing until I remembered the cereal.
It reminds me of an interview Michelle Pfeifer did for a movie she did with Robert Paterson; he asked her if it was okay for him to smack her butt and she responded with "You can smack my fanny all you want" apparently fanny means something else in England because apparently things got a little awkward until it was explained. 
Fanny is used for vagina in the UK..Source: English 
[deleted]
They call him Doctor Love
All I could think of was that jolly rancher in the vagina thing somewhere in 
Sweet mothers ass... Why am I not allowed to forget I ever read that?
I read that while eating a lollipop. And now I know why I don't look at .. I've made that mistake one too many times.
damn you. that's twice in three days I've been reminded of that
it wuld have been more funny if the girl turned out to be justin beber
Your comment karma is just impressive for such a short time.
Are you sure?
You're 14, right?
Yep, he checks out. 
Have you ever parked your bike in a airplane hangar?
would it have, though?
If youre a laxbro, probably. For everyone else, maybe not so much
throwing a hot dog down a hallway 
dropping a rake into the grand canyon
Like a hot dog down a skag den 
Toothpick into the mouth of a volcano.
fanny like a wizards sleeve
fucking a bucket.
bucking a fucket
Bucking - Ah, fuck it.
It's like feeding a tic tac to a whale, that's why I love her
She works hard at eating well...
When her flesh begins to sag, she's like a human sleeping bag.
It's like opening a window and fucking the night. 
:|
:) 
=D
8=======D
More like.
8---------D
"It's not small, it's just thin!"
Like a twizzler!
i knew that was....well....on the way
Coming!!! I ruined that for all of you! Feel my evil!!

Like boarding the Millenium Falcon onto the Death Star. 
Pretty sure this joke was up last week
Stop whining and find a new joke to read.
why are they polish? 
Isn't it a stereotype that Polish people are stupid?
thanks. I chuckled.
that joke sucks.
No u. 
I like it
Thanks!
The yarr did it for me.
it really . me up inside, coming to this thread expecting an arson joke but getting an OurSon joke.....
I thought you were going to say he wears your wife's clothes
zing
A Rabbi after 30 years of service decides he's finally going to retire. But before he does he decides that he wants to treat himself to a gift for all the service. Well after 30 years the man has collected alot of tips from the circumcisions he's performed and he took them over to a leather-working shop. The shop keeper looks over the tips and says "give me 2 weeks and I'll have something for you." Well after two weeks the Rabbi returns to the store and the shop keeper hands him a wallet. The Rabbi is outraged "I GIVE YOU 30 YEARS WORTH OF TIPS AND YOU CAN ONLY MAKE ME A LOUSY WALLET." To which the shop keeper calmly replies "Yes but if you rub it, it will turn into a suitcase."
I put posters in my bedroom!
It's sad how this funny, original post only gets around 25 karma and other posts, which are posted for the hundred time still get 1k+ upvotes
It's not original. 
Maybe because bitching about reposts on Reddit is about as far from original as you could possibly get. I think bitching about reposts on Reddit might surpass the reposts themselves in lack of creativity.
How about bitching about bitching about reposts on reddit?  Yep, I'm doing it.
Bitching about bitching about reposts on Reddit is slightly less original than bitching about bitching about bitching about reposts on Reddit, which is fairly original itself. But bitching about bitching about bitching about bitching about reposts on Reddit is something I've never seen anyone do at all. That makes me the most original mother fucker here. Now look what you did.
I made you write a hilarious comment!  Hooray for me!!!
You realize that before reddit, every joke ever was re-told.
...says the reposter.
zing
Because jokes are NEVER retold! All jokes must be 100% original!
Or at least, you know, not posted to the same joke aggregation site within a week of one another.
I have heard this one before.
Fantastic! 
And it's not funny.
So funny... Can't wait to post this next week
Many people complain that the jokes on r/jokes are often reposted. When one user posts a funny joke, someone else sometimes posts it a week later. The joke might be the exact same, the only difference is who posted it. If you've been here for more than a week, you'll know. 
So you agree?
Check the username
I'm getting the feeling that deathman13 and yourjokeexplained are the same person.
No, we aren't, I only have one account. I was just saying, he wasn't agreeing or disagreeing, he is just a novelty account
You're not that funny.
Get out of here, you have nothing to do here.
Not long enough?
School is like a penis.  Long and hard unless you're Asian.
Theres only one problem with this joke women are only half the time for some. Man, Bisexuals just have a hard life!
Usually it's the women**. sexist bastard!
Relevant username.
Or can you?.... :|
 
And here we have the most intellectual joke ever.

...hah!
3 blondes walk into a police station. You'd think one of them would have seen it.  - Had to be done, I regret nothing.
I mean.. Her logic was incorrect. But other than that she was right. If you look close enough at someone you can see the contact on their eye..
[deleted]
Go away
Go to hell. Get your scummy infections off the internet. 
Don't stoop to his level people!  Just down vote and move along.  He gets more then 5 down votes and the comment is generally automatically collapsed for all future visitors.
Don't stoop to his level people!  Just down vote and move along.  He gets more then 5 down votes and the comment is generally automatically collapsed for all future visitors.
XD
what if he didn't need glasses or contact lenses?
then the Officer would have said "No, he doesn't."  And the blonde would say "Oh well then how does he see, because he cant wear glasses with only one ear and one eye..."
people can see with only 1 eye and no glasses/contacts...
she's blonde.  jesus am i in r/jokes or r/touchywhining?
this contribution courtesy of the party booper.
Party booger
pooper
barty pooper
Shouldn't it be "he wears . contact ."?
How 'bout he is two-face from Dark Knight?
That would be like me wearing hat.
Blondes dont know grammar, especially when it gives away the punchline
My guess is that it would give away the punch line too early.
Well one day he wears a contact lens, and the next day he wears a different lens. 
I definitely thought this was going to end with "Because I've slept with him and he put them in the next morning"
But you forgot these were blondes.
Edward Snowden is now staying in Russia. This a pun, "Snowden" is similar to " Snowed in" . Most parts of Russia are very snowy, and if you can't leave your house because of snow you are "snowed in" 
_).( _)>-.(_)
Cos he aint russian for time 
Nice!
awful joke dude IMO
Its the new cigarrette
Huh
This seems like it would fit nicely in a sitcom script. I can imagine a character like Dennis (It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia) saying something like this.
Solid idea, I would include what kind of poor judgment she could make that you would benefit from in the punchline..Ex: "I figure if her judgment allowed her to get a full-back tattoo of an iguana, getting her to blow me would be a snap!" .(or something along those lines)
Very good. You could use it as a slag for your friends. Like "Hey check that lady out over there.... she has a really poor tattoo.... Hey buddy [single friend who is trying his hardest to pull] "you should go talk to that lady.... she looks like she likes to make poor decisions"
too long?
You should get a job writing for "How I Met Your Mother." And then you should be fired from that job.
Haha. Doesn't matter. Had severance. 
The new dm;hs
I thought it was funny, might be funnier if tattoo is a tramp-stamp, and iguanas are pretty cool. In fact, I'm going to go get an iguana tattoo right now!
[deleted]
Thank you. Have an upvote.
fair enough.
Pretty good joke, and upvote for handling criticism
I said IMO
Misogyny!.Why don't women drive? .No road from the kitchen to the bedroom!
Women do drive. The joke goes: why shouldnt women be allowed to drive 
oohhhh
I think the better ending is one I heard where the chief says "Okay, death.  But first, ooga booga."
This joke is MUCH better told in person, but have an upvote since it does not pass well in text.
Ah the days when this was my favorite joke and anything involving buttsex was funny...oh wait it still is, up vote for you good sir.
"so I came across this article in a Playboy mag.......I mean, I was . for the face, but..."
This is quite possibly the worst joke I have ever heard.
Awesome :D
I'm retarded. Is it just the hanging on and the hold on? I don't get it.
As in "keep holding on"
as someone who's 110 lbs (50kg) i could never really tell this joke and have it be funny..
I thought this would have ended with something about them eating clothes, but well said anyways.
They sometimes put 2 or 3 people in one pair of pants.  Of course, this doesn't help with the overpopulation problem.
I read barman as batman and was instantly confused.
[deleted]
Go back to youtube. 
What a pussy.
I like the joke but I feel like shots work better than bottles for it. 
So, he is gay too?
The tequila was to celebrate?
[deleted]
The irony is that America is also a continent and not a country. Who's laughing now?
America is only a country, North America and South America are the continents!
I don't get it.
Read it again, and just think!

Europe and Africa are continents, not countries.  Here's your sign.
The European Union is technically a.conglomeration of countries
"Ooh! Africa"
"No, Europe!"
think like a european: is europe a country?
Africa's worse.
Do I really need to explain the joke...?
Yes.
edit: I got it, nevermind.
Explain please
Europe isn't a country you fucking twat
Ah, you didn't get the sarcasm
I didn't see that it was in reply to that comment actually 
I apologize
Well it is a close tie between Europe, and Africa, Asia, and South America. I would say that America is 5th stupidest. 
Continents, man.
Was my joke too stupid, too obvious, or to subtle to get down voted so vigorously. 
To subtle man.
Must remember the LOL.
Whoosh.
Europe is not a country
Yea...I just figured that out...I'll show myself out
What's that noise? Oh, It's the joke going straight over your head.
I believe he was actually explaining it to the deleted comment. 
Ahhh, I see, I apologize, and re-write me comment to the guy who didn't understand. :P
Smart one!
Whenever I see this joke I feel so conflicted... I laugh but then feel guilty 
Best one i've seen in here for a while
Bravo!!! Didn't see that coming. Upvote earned. 
After a couple of months, they felt sick about what they did with each other, they dug her up again.
Why didn't they cremate her?
Haha
[deleted]
it was probably an insane pun about sanity
I already have a Control Z cover band called "Control C" 

Much funnier than the joke!
Meh...
I don't get it...
You gotta beef that up a bit in your telling, fill it out a bit more.  It'll make it better.  .I told it here:
.(not knocking for reposts, because a good joke is a good joke and no karma, just trying to help)
Thoroughly enjoyed!!  Would share with friends..Thanks Fist
it sonly funny when ur smart enough to get it
You my friend, are a retard.
You sounded so fucking intelligent saying that. Please, share with us some more of your highly honed brain power!
Finely
gimme a while these moments of enlightenment only come every so often. 
Wooosh
You'd expect the husband to be wary of the shot because his wife died the last time he tried it. Instead he's wary of it because he got a triple bogey, which is a terrible score for the hole.
Meh
When life gives you lemonade.Make lemons
I don't believe in life handing me lemons... I believe in the Lord giving you lemons..And when God gives me lemons I find a new God.
It took some guts to tell that one.
I'm hungry for more.
I can't stomach all these bad puns. People who make body part jokes have no humerus. 
I can't liver with all these bad puns going around.
Then he gets to your moms house, and figures "one more wont hurt" 
this reminds me of ONN (Onion News Network)
They are just plane wrong.
why the hell would you say 'n-words'?
To be politically correct. That's the joke. 
As in "I'm a ho"? no, no,no
Thanks for making me spit my drink. /s
No, I da ho
No, you da ho!
Hey Santa
She's the one wearing the crown. 
They won?
She have many potato
Do not joke--is no potato. Also is very cold & dark. 
Such is life.
I have many potato to, to bad is hallucination. Such is life. 
I thought this was just a quip at the state of Idaho for a second. But soon I realized that it was I who was da ho. 
According to Benjamin Franklin, it tastes like winning.
[deleted]
It tastes like bengay and aspercreme. Better?
Nice try Depends.Could you post a few more links to their website? I think this thread doesn't have enough information to explain the joke..If you have to explain a joke, it's not a good joke, stop trying.
Well I think that . on who requires explanation..Anyway, I only answered the people who didn't get the joke, and I commented on their comments to ensure they saw it, so that maybe they would get the joke, as I'm sure they won't be re-visiting this thread by themselves. Chill.
This joke is bad, and you should feel bad.
This joke is awesome, you just didn't get it
I don't get it
 are like diapers for the elderly with urinary incontinence / IBS
Haha thanks i get it now!
Wow. You are really committed to this joke. I thought it was funny until you told me it was funny five times.
Couldn't have put it better myself... except for the initially funny part
is it dead..
Depends are like diapers for the elderly with urinary incontinence / IBS
And now I know that haha

it's not an anti-joke...Depends are like diapers for the elderly with urinary incontinence / IBS
This joke is shitty
 are like diapers for the elderly with urinary incontinence / IBS. 
wait for it......WHOOOOSH!
did you catch a draft from that joke flying over your head?
Shitty, as in shitting oneself, as in "in need of an adult diaper" as in... Shut the fuck up... OP is a faggot
i always heard it was Chief Falling Rock
Yeah...I chuckled.
I don't get it
Those who know what a joke is and those who don't. 
[deleted]
There are two types of people in the world, those who can extrapolate from incomplete data.
There are two kinds of people in this world, male and female.
I know this is a joke, but given the wording, Could one conclude that the joke teller is a third type of person, unless of course it starts off with I am a joke telling bear or something. 
There are 3 types of people in the world, people with good memory, people with bad memory, and... I can't remember the last....
I disagree
One can hate one's self. But I like the way you "fixed" it.
What about hermaphrodites? 
Fuck you.
This user is just making comments to gain negative karma. 
What did he say?
OHHH. In that case... Upvote.
I've been going through upvoting all of his comments. 
We are on Bizzaro world. 
Htrae?.BIZARRO NUMBER 1
Rather than waste time doing that because you won't have much of an effect, if you have RES you can choose to simply ignore the user..You won't see their comments and if a lot of people do it, they won't get attention.
I know. However, I feel that if I don't spread the word about this user and choose to ignore him/her, then people will continue to downvote him/her and that's exactly what he/she wants. 
[deleted]
Please leave.
[deleted]
If that was a joke, it wasn't funny.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Please don't feed the troll.
There are two kinds of people in this world:.Those who finish what they're saying
There are three kinds of people in this world:.Those who can count.And those who can't
1(4|3)
Oh, Thanks.
This is the best bot ever
There are two kinds of people in this world, those that can extrapolate to fill in missing information.
:
What's the other kind? 
This guy.
There are two kinds of people in this world:
There are two types of people in the world, those who pee in the shower, and dirty fucking liars

That is absolutely disgusting, I would never pee in the shower..Some times when I'm in there and I take a shit a little pee comes out though.
Isn't shitting in the shower even more fucking disgusting?
WHOOOSH
There are 10 kinds of people in the world..Those that understand binary, and those that don't.
What about the other 1000?
There are 10 types of people in the world..Those that understand Hexadecimal, and F the rest.
I... I just don't know what to say. Look at the upvote number. 
EDIT - THE JOKE WAS THAT THE UPVOTE NUMBER WAS 10. SO CHILL!! 
Thank you for explaining it, I totally missed it! 

And those who werent expecting the joke to be in base 3..Edit: question to joke
But it wasn't a question
The joke then.
There are 3 kinds of people in the world..Those that masturbate and admit it, Those that masturbate and do not admit it, and Those that do not masturbate, BUT DESPERATELY NEED TOO! 
[deleted]
Ba dum tss

I've heard this told similar but with a Clown instead of a Mechanic, also minus Stalin and Hitler. Oldie but goodie
Why would it be a plan? Wouldn't he be saying "Let me tell you what I did:" ?
he's doing it in every dimension he visits. first Earth, then the afterlife... who know's where he'll strike next
Are you referring to, "The Day the Clown Cried?"
Probably the 27th variation of this joke I have seen...
Oh what are you saying exactly? That jokes are passed orally and therefore you may hear the same one from different people by different variations?
27,000th*.
FTFY
That's the point of a joke, to make fun of something. And since we're people, we make fun of people.
Stalin was giving a speech when suddenly he hears a sneeze from the public. He orders the first row to stand up. ."Did any of you sneeze?!".Everybody is silent. After a few seconds of silence, Stalin orders the people on the first row to be killed. They are all shot, one by one, and stalin orders the second row to stand up.."Did any of you sneeze?!" .Once again everyone is silent. He orders everyone on the second row to be killed, and they're all shot one by one. He orders the third row to stand up.."DID ANY OF YOU SNEEZE?!".A man shyly and slowly raises his hand and says "...I did...".Stalin smiles and says, "Bless you, comrade!"
Haha, this is better than the OP's joke.
I agree with you!
"Saying a subject is too awful or painful to joke about is like saying a disease is too awful to be treated. Please do not take that out of context, the context being that I realize this is a crazy statement and I'm going to an extreme to make a point."-- Louis C.K. 
Mexicans are poor, job stealing bean-eaters, amirite? Also Blacks are all poverty-stricken rapists/murderers and Jews are greedy. Also, besides being greedy, Jews also have huge noses and wish to destroy western civilization. Did you know that the buck-toothed, rice-farming Asians, also can't drive? Pretty funny right? Also White people are all hate-filled, warmongering, imperialist, colonialist slime. Aboriginals do nothing but huff petrol, and Indians all work in call centers and as bank tellers. Arabs suicide bomb literally 24/7 and the beat women senseless at all times. Slavs (or more appropriately, Slaves) do nothing but drink, fight, squat, and wear tracksuits. Did I offend you yet? If not, you'll be happy to know that Men are all sex crazed rapists who are at fault for all the worlds problems, and that Women belong in the kitchen at all times except when giving her man a sandwich.
What did he write?
Amen!
Hallelujah!
Don't worry, I have a sense of humor. Have an up vote
Thanks!
which Jesus are we talking about?
The mormon Jesus
An elephant leans on the female so it'd be more like a steamrolled poodle
And hookers
WHAT'S THE THIRD DAMNIT?? 
I don't get it. 
It's a play on a day late, and a dollar short.
Love that fancy word-play~
The real question is HOW do you cross a hippo, elephant and rhino? A giant threesome?
Without the hippo I think the joke works just the same..Elephino.
That was one of the first jokes I ever learned from my first joke book. It's horrible.
It might have to do with how you say manage the trunk in French.
i dont get it.... what is a helefino
Hell if I know.
lmfao
Same answer as the original question
Excellent!
Same with Ella Fitzgerald and a Rhino.
Anything unrelated to elephants is irrelephant.
I cannot upvote this enough
Sorry OP, maybe its the dirty air in Taiwan, but I don't get it? 
OPs going to jail :(
NSA can suck it
Be careful dude, the NSA reads this stuff..OP? What OP? 
NOOOOO OP!!!!
Guys. I'm still around. thankfully!
I do not understand this joke 
That's why I'm scared of doctors. They practice medicine
PRACTICE - remove the A, the I, and a C..PRCTE - add an F and an E.PRCTEEF - rearrange the letters.PERFECT

he..hehehe... yeah... 
I'm so lazy I can't even fi
I would win the gold. I wouldn't actually get it. I don't do stairs. 
You mean Luge? Lie on your back for a few minutes, you win.
If there was a contest to see who doesn't give a fuck the most,.I wouldn't win cuz I don't give a fuck about winning yo
I gave up after reading the title of OP's
...then why are you commenti....oh, ok..I get the game, lets kick it up then ,.I didnt even bother to go on reddit
i wouldnt even comment on this post to ask "there is an lazy olympic going on?"
I didn't bother with a comeback.
I didn't even. At all.
I just got someone to do it for me
i
Do what?
Doing something? Meh...later...
could somebody just read these to me?
Nah....do it yoursef you....sigh...could someone elsr tell him what he is?
I just made my brother comment for me
Take up meditation..
It beats sitting around doing nothing.
A guy is sitting cross legged on the floor with his eyes closed.  A second guy asks him "are you meditating?".  "nah, just thinking about it."
More like...who did the most things in a week loses.
So what is this?
Because getting the gold metal requires 2 EXTRA STEPS
The true lazy people have not bothered to create a Reddit account, much less comment with one.
I'm so lazy that ..
if there was a olympic event for being lazy I'd probably sleep through the qualifiers
there's a qualifier? I never bothered finding out about it
I wouldn't even bother to qualify.
GOLD MEDAL
Ill pick it up later.
FTFY
Skyrim in a nutshell
[deleted]
Ouch! 
Yes, but then it wouldn't be very funny, now would it?
As an atheist you may have my upvote.
AND YOU CAN EAT EVERYONE ELSE'S DOWNVOTES!
Haha nice to see one here :D
That is the joke...  Just not laid out there. 
Low. Hanging. Fruit.
Because old man balls
I'm sure . knows!!!
On average, 4.  Hope you used a throw-away
Well, I don't know either, but it's at least 5.
Post a confession bear. Then people will notice.
Fucked up, seriously.  And, so fuckn hysterical.  Bravo.
I thought this was . at first.
Just one, unless she has a lazy pimp. Which ain't likely, cuz pimpin' ain't easy.
but it's necessary!
So I'm chasing bitches like Tom chases Jerry
It's hard out here for a pimp!
I bet the first prostitute notices right away.
Unless you are sneaky
...Why did I read that in Caboose's voice?
Ask you're mom, Shes a prostitute!! lmfao XDDD
ask you are mom...
*your

Assuming he was born in 1999 he is actually 14.
I was born in 1998 and I'm still fourteen. Stupid July birthdays.
Why is this funny?
[deleted]
How do you confuse "what" and "why?"
Wow guys, way to kill the joke with all your History and logic.
It was all CANADIAN. People are quick to forget how much this nation has given in the support of freedom. By some people I mean Americans.
Old as the war but always a good read. 
Guys, this joke was forwarded to me in an e-mail so I didn't exactly research the historical accuracy of its content, I just thought it was making fun of the French. No offence towards Canadians was intended
When in Paris, being harassed by an arrogant Frenchman:
"Sprechen sie Deutsch?"
"Non.."
"You're welcome, 'MURRICAH!"
Fwd: fwd: fwd: LOL u won't believe this! 
This joke needs updating. Less and less WWII vets alive every day. 
You could hear a pin drop. Ive always heard it as american jokes though
A German man visits France for vacation.  At passport control the official asks: "Occupation?"  The German man replies:"No just visiting.".Yeah I'm full of bad Dad jokes..EDIT: Just realized I may have heard this on this sub reddit and not from my dad.  My baaad if so.  
This joke is really old, and often shows up in old peoples chain emails in the united states. It's kind of annoying.
i've heard this as americans on utah beach
Utah has beaches?
It actually .! Don't forget about the Great Salt Lake.
yes and utah beach was one of the american landing point beaches on D-Day.
Too soon
I read the British Gentleman's lines in Sean Connery's voice
Why

Has it been a week already?
Everybody knows the Brit would've said "bloody" not "fucking"  
I feel like this would probably be funny, if you saw it actually happening. As a joke on the other hand... meh
There was a similar story about a BA pilot landing at Frankfurt. At the end of the runway he came to a halt waiting for instructions. The ground controller said 'Speedbird 163 - don't you know where you are going. Haven't you been here before?' To which the pilot replied 'Only once, in 1943, but I didn't stop.'
bad joke. poorly executed. clearly shows the writer's ignorance. juno was a canadian beach, not british. probably the writer is harbouring some deep rooted racial grudge based on perceived historical injustice that has nothing to do with his current everyday life. the joke is a reflection on the bitterness about he himself, and most likely out of his frustration about the failures in his own life events. blaming one's problem on racial/ethnic inequality is not going to lead to a harmonious and happy future.
Shut it Freud.
Who pooped in your cornflakes?
Who pissed in your Cheerios 
Who sneezed in your Trix?
i am glad my piece provoked such a response from you. You must felt you were cornered.
i am glad my piece provoked such a response from you. There is nothing like a finger at your sensitive spot.
i am glad my piece provoked such a response from you.
Sean Connery is Scottish
And therefore British.
Aaand obviously I'm an ignorant American. TIL. Thanks.
It's a common mistake. A lot of people think England and Britain are one and the same. Also, we tend to get a bug up our arses about it, so there's that too. 
We don't like to call ourselves that, though.
Indeed he is, one should not take "British" to mean the Queen's English, but Scotland is still . so he's technically correct 
Well TIL, thanks.
'sake Tattycakes stop lying to the colonials. We all know good and well that Scotland is a small island off the coast of Hungary.

I know you are, but what am I
nuh-uh!
you are the OP
Um, no. Please stop stereotyping, we use both words. .Example: You fucking bloody fool.
What, that has no flow whatsoever fuckign and bloody don't go together in the slightest 
I agree I think bloody fucking fool flows much better.
Shut the bloody fuck up.
Doesn't bloody have more of a negative connotation than fuck?
Nah, "bloody" is probably one of the least offensive swear words. Probably why it is popular. "Fuck" is pretty much as offensive as swear words get, other than "c*nt"
Ooh yes it does.. (evil grin)
Fucking goes with all words. Even fucking..I.e. You fucking fuck.
You bloody FUCKING idiot. 
As the sentence 'the fucking fucker's fucking fucked' proves. 
fwd:fwd:re:re:fwd: 
Why do people always link to this subreddit? I can never tell wether they ore insulting the original post or not.
So they can be edgy.
Calling out a bad joke is edgy, now? What else is edgy, giving thumbs down to youtube videos?
That sub exists to catalog and collectively groan at the racist/nationalist/stupid shit your out-of-touch grandparents send you because they think it's in any way relevant to life as it is today..It really ought to be straightforward to determine if being referred there is supposed to be insulting or not.
If that's the case, you obviously haven't read the sidebar:
I'm not complaining because I'm offended. I'm complaining because I think it's .. It's not even a joke; this is "The young man's name was Albert Einstein" tier inane, and the punchline is quite literally "LOL French people are cowards; USA, USA, USA.".Quoting OP,.So tell me, why, exactly, is a reference to . NOT entirely appropriate in this situation?
It's appropriate, I'm just not sure why it's necessary to point out..And to be fair, I actually thought your original comment was on a different joke, for some reason. I was rather confused, as the other joke probably wasn't . material.
I really hope this has happened at one point. 
Me too
Me three
Have you heard the one about the German vet entering France?.The French immigration officer looks over his passport, is about to give it the green light, and asks, "occupation?".The old German replies, "Nein, just visiting."

Hammer time!
Dum Dada-dum Dum-dum Dum-dum
Can't touch this!
Somewhat related.  .My high school math teacher was visiting a city in France and took his wife to one of the pubs for dinner. One of the other patrons was an older gentleman and overheard him speaking English and asked him where he was from. After learning that they were from Canada, the patron paid for their meal and told them that during the War, he was a young boy and the Germans were occupying the city. On the day the Germans left, it was the Canadians who were the first ones over the hill. This elderly man was grateful to Canada and the Canadians who fought and helped liberate his town.
The Canadian embassy in The Netherlands is a huge palace. Given to them as a 'thanks for liberating us'. So not just the french, the dutch love the canadians too.
I expected another story about a French arsehole but was pleasantly surprised.
It seems to be a pretty common British/American stereotype of the French. When i visited Paris people were really nice... I think. I dont speak French but my friends who do assured me they were not insulting me but just unable to speak English xD

Paris doesn't even count. A perk of the French countryside is that everyone is extremely nice. When you're out walking you wave and say hi to everyone. England isn't like that at all for me. :/
Seconded. Everywhere but Paris is very friendly. Strangers wave and greet you. Maybe not in busy sections of Marseille/Lyon, and maybe not young people, but everywhere else and especially with old fogeys.

Eh, i dont think i've ever heard anyone say 'top of the morning' in the UK. Isnt it supposed to be an Irish greeting?
I've never heard an Irish person say it either, to be honest.
This is hillarious.
Okay, this is developing into the "rain on the joke" thread, but Boeing's contribution to the air war over Germany was the B-17, which was used by the American Army Air Corps. If he was a British pilot, he would likely have been flying an Avro Lancaster (although earlier in the war there were Sterlings, Halifaxes and Wellingtons, among others). Of course, he could be an American flying for British Airways, but that's a bit of a stretch as statistically, there were more B-24s than B-17s so it's likely he would have said in that case "In a Consolidated aircraft"..I think it's best we use the other version ("it was 1944, it was dark and I didn't stop"), but this of course does presuppose he was British, as they carried out night operations over Germany, while it was the Americans who bombed during the day. Yeah, I like that. All in favor, signal by given out upvotes.... . 
[deleted]
I just came to drop something off.
Allegedly, a Pan Am 727 flight waiting for start clearance in Munich overheard the following:
Lufthansa (in German): "Ground, what is our start clearance time?"
Ground (in English): "If you want an answer you must speak in English."
Lufthansa (in English): "I am a German, flying a German airplane, in Germany. Why must I speak English?"
Unknown voice from another plane (in a beautiful British accent): "Because you lost the bloody war." 
Seriously who links to fucking atc jokes? Now im going to be reading these all day instead of studying the 7110. Fuck.
Thanks for the link, some great little anecdotes there. My personal favourite: .I met an SR-71 pilot a few years ago. (SR-71 was the USAAF advanced 'stealth' reconnaissance aircraft known as the Blackbird). He told me this story from his first flight with a new co-pilot: An SR-71 and crew were flying over Southern California when a bug smasher came on the airwaves in a dorky voice: Cessna 152: Ground Control, What's my airspeed? Ground Control: 100 at FL 100. A few moments later a cocky voice came on: Mooney M20: Ground Control, What's MY airspeed? Ground Control: 240 at FL 240. By this time the SR pilot was seething, but since communications were the duty of his new co-pilot, he remained silent. A few moments of radio silence passed, and in the calmest voice imaginable the co-pilot keyed in: SR-71: Ground Control, What's our airspeed? Ground Control: 1875 at FL 800. There were no more speed checks called in that afternoon, and the pilot knew that he had a cool partner in the back seat.
Can you explain what FL means?
Flight level. It's your altitude minus the last two zeros. FL360= 36,000 feet. 
Sounds like the SR-71 who had a new controller and thought someone was messing with him when they requested FL 700, but the pilot keeps requesting FL 700. Finally the controller sneers "Fine, if you can climb to FL 700 you can have it" and the Blackbird driver responds "Roger, descending to FL 700"
More precisely that some other answers here, it is an altitude from a set datum, 29.92Hg or 1013hPA..Aircrafts altimeters use pressure to tell the pilot what altitude the aircraft is flying at, because of the constant changing conditions the altimeter can change even while the plane is sitting on the ground (this is one of the startup checks, making sure the correct pressure setting is entered)..At lower altitudes aircraft have to avoid terrain and civilian aircraft have a speed limit (200-250kts) so that pressure setting along with an up to date map and good situational awareness from the pilot means they can avoid terrain if they have the correct settings inputted and the aircraft and ATC can organise altitudes for the aircraft to fly at to avoid each other..Flight levels occur above the point at which the highest bit of terrain can be clear by a minimum amount. In the USA that is 18000ft, in Europe that is 10000ft in most places and the UK it drops down to 4000ft, these altitudes are called transition altitudes..Above the transition altitudes, all the aircraft fly on a standard pressure setting as they will always be clear of obstacles and only need to organise with each other, if everyone has the same setting then its much easier.
Probably .. But if any pilots on Reddit feel like confirming this we'd know for sure. 
Flight Level. Add two zeros and that's the altitude in feet. e.g. FL 800 is 80000 feet high.
I love that one, but I always heard that story with a Navy F/A-18 trying to upstage the little bug-smashers. Also, wasn't that a true story, I thought the SR-71 pilot did a youtube interview? 1900 knots... :)
It's from a dudes autobiography 
I can't find the original source, but here's the relevant quote:.EDIT: I . it's from ..
I'll just leave . here.
This is a fantastic book and I love all the quotes I have seen from it..The only problem is that it is so damn rare, I think a friend said he was going to buy one but it was sold when he went to do it.

One of the few times where "tl;dr - read the fucking story" applies. Love that story. 
This is the better version of it, primarily because it includes the real ending line. I don't want to give it away to those who haven't read it.
Juno was the CANADIAN beach. Sword and Gold were Brits.
Signed
A Proud Supporter of the CF
Just shut up and let me laugh
Does it really matter what beach? It's the act, not the location. 
How Call of Duty should work: extreme difficulty: Omaha; easy difficulty: Juno.
No.
The joke would've worked fine omitting that bit of information. 
Canadians were pretty badass in ww2
Except according to any American video games or movies we weren't even there. Seriously, how hard Is it to fit one Canadian character into a plot. 
Well there's your problem..Also, Call Of Duty 3 had a section of the campaign dedicated to Canadians. 
AND WWI. Vimy was a strategic masterpiece and a bunch of other ones. Canadians had to wear other country's uniforms and colours because the Germans were so scared of the Canadians
That has to be false. If they were scared of them then the Canadians would've made sure to wear their uniforms as much as possible.
That's what I thought when writing it. It's just what my history teacher said like two years ago. I might have it backwards. Oh, I know. Maybe they would be more targeted or something. Sorry.
Such a Canadian response. You're feeding the stereotype! Never apologize! We took a beach at D-Day! We pillaged Washington D.C! Our (inter)National Police have 481+ skidoos and a fucking train. Shit, they have a dragoon regiment. .. Check-fucking-mate, western world. The RCMP standard issues the S&W 5946, MP5, Remington 870, SIG's 220 and 226, the C7 and C8 (made by Colt Canada) which has been adopted as the the standard issue rifle for the militaries of Canada, Norway, Denmark, and the Netherlands. When the UK's special forces and RMP saw the rifle, they creamed their pants and got ahold of the rifles. The guy who discovered insulin was a Major in WWII. .The only reason the world goes on turning is because we allow it. Between our military and the RCMP, we are vastly superior to any fighting force on the planet (except maybe the USMC, they're cool, they can join us.) We are the true defenders of the world, and we can and will destroy any and every military power on this planet if need be..Edit: Got the number of *'s for bold/italics mixed up, sorry.
Normally I'd down vote you because I'm an asshole but I actually found that to be entertaining and informative. 
Russia wants to talk
Probably not to the Finns
It was mainly Canadian, that doesn't mean that there weren't British soldiers on Juno also. 
Actually different countries were in charge of taking different beaches, and the forces didn't really mingle on the day itself, afterwards however is a different story..Source: studied the landing diagrams for a class once.
Yes they did, on this very beach we are talking about there were Canadian and British forces. Not to mention the fact that landing diagrams mean nothing, the actual landings were a complete shambles, some boats landed a full mile away from where they were meant to. 
Umm actually, there were coalition commandos leading charges to scout,disable defenses and simply to fck with the germans
Yeah you studied diagrams of what was SUPPOSE to happen. Who says it went down that way?
No, landing diagrams show which troops were going to assault when, in a grid it was kind of like a schedule. .edit: lot's of people say it "went down" that way. Also, 
Lol, that's a plan, not what happened.
His point is that it didn't go as planed and it's possible that brits landed on Juno, which is a possibility due to the mass confusion of the landings.
the planning wasnt confused, and the beaches were quite far apart.
No the planning was fine, everything else was a bit of a muck, And Juno and Sword weren't that far apart.
IDK, guys, ..
I did, several classes actually, how else is one to learn things?
And you?
Hm I don't know about that, . there was the 3rd Canadian infantry division, and the 2nd Canadian Armored Brigade, both landed on Juno. . is a map of the invasion. Juno and Sword are about 10 miles apart according to the scale. Also, according to . the only one's who were landed in the wrong place were the troops at Utah beach, but they didn't even wind up on another beach, just slightly off from were they should have been..edit: wrong link.Edit 2: also, it should be noted that there were some royal marines scheduled to land on Juno, however they were kept offshore. 
From . "The reserves of the 7th and 8th brigades began deploying at 08:30 (along with the Royal Marines), while the 9th Brigade began its deployment at 11:40.". A paragraph later,"Resistance in Saint-Aubin prevented the Royal Marines from establishing contact with the British 3rd Division on Sword. When all operations on the Anglo-Canadian front were ordered to halt at 21:00, only one unit had reached its D-Day objective, but the 3rd Canadian Infantry Division had succeeded in pushing farther inland than any other landing force on D-Day." There were very definitely British forces ashore on Juno on D-Day itself.

Canada has soldiers?
Aside from the joke responses, Canada had a few tank squads that absolutely tore up the German armor.
I think that was supposed to be a joke but it really was just stupid.
[deleted]
Uh oh breach of security throw you in the brig with snowden
That's your second strike. 
Dont forget the mounties!
From what I hear, only the Canadians were on the beach. British commandos infiltrated the area in the days leading up, or were dropped by parachute in
The marines came in (on the beach) less than an hour after the first wave, so they were very much involved in the landing. 
As well executed as D-day was, there was still a cluster fuck of soldiers that were not where they were suppose to be during the invasion. So any nationality could have been on any beach. That being said...these facts kind of kill the joke lol 
[deleted]
Ass - throw - nut..
A bit of a stretch, but it's there I suppose. 
What is with these today?
Have there been more? I posted two that made me chuckle
The smell
They smell the same.
One time I saw 4 flies gang rape another.  I think this is why my wife left me
Hehehe.
 would love this.
:D
What's worse is knowing that sea otters rape baby seals.. poor seals :( changed my opinion of those cute little otters, they also continue to rape after the seal's death...
Wow, that escalated quickly.
How can a joke even be NSFW?
So I was licking this dude's asshole and all of the sudden I taste horse semen, so I look up and say, "Oh, son, so . how you died!"
I always heard that one as eaying a girl out and it was Grandma.
Oh
wow
jesus fucking christ guys is this shit whats considered funny now? honest to god . is just terrible nowadays. i couldnt fucking downvote this shit enough
Okay.
In that case....BE GONE DEMON! .On a side note, were you born in 1999? That would explain a few things. 
This is the guys troll account. I just down vote him and leave him be. He was annoying at first... now it's just sad. 
The kid is either 13 or 14. I honestly don't even think he knows better. He was raised on an internet of trolls. As kids, my brother and I used to say things to our mom to shock her. To get attention. I think this is the next generation of that. The kid is obviously so lonely the only way to get attention is to say shocking things on the internet. Depressing. 
An internet of trolls? Could I just go to reddit without people judging me? 
I was born in 1999 :( Still I think it's funny
Why is this guy getting downvoted for being young? 
People like to think that they spend their time in a mature online community. Doesn't exist.
Xbox, we're looking at you
And how mature is it to judge someone based on their age? 
"Mature" here essentially means "not involving kids". 
the age was a side-comment. The downvote was for the immature demeanor. 
What is immature about "I was born in 1999 :( Still I think it's funny"?
I was thinking if laxbro's comment. My b.
Run! They know you're young now, all you can do is run!
It's funny because ducks really do rape the shit out of one another.
They also indulge in ..  .(An actual Ig-Nobel Prize winning paper, by the way. Real research, no joke.)
funnier than the joke
I'm glad to see ornithological humor is appreciated around these parts.
They rape each others corpses too.
FTFY
female ducks also have fake tunnels in a "maze" like vaginal anatomy for that very reason.
And male ducks have developed an maze shaped penis...anti anti rape....
It's a goddamn rape arms war
TIL ducks rape each other 

Holy crap! What the hell is that? I totally lost it. 

What the actual fuck nature? You scary!
What the fuck humans... Also scary. 
Well, humans are part of nature. Always annoys me when people forget that. Like when you're in your living room and your mom says, "Honey you should go be out in nature." I never left nature mom so wtf. When a bird goes back to its nest, is it leaving nature? Is my house somehow completely detached from the res of he universe? Srsly
I saw a duck rape gangbang once.. had video but lost it when my previous phone died. 
Hahahah that had to be a one in a million 

"Now...and I shit you not...The other manates helped pushing the cripples manate on the floor..."
Thought it was Richard Simmons. 
How good is the fruit Kumquat? I mean, just say it, slowly. Now that's a joke if ever I heard one.
Well truly, there is no such thing as a good pun...
Yup, boo
I giggled.~
As an Arkansan, this was funny. 
As a tower controller, I like this a lot. 
Well, at least he was kind enough to use lube.
But how could the husband rush across the room to his wife if he was tied up?
THE PLOT THICKENS!
so does the convict's penis as blood rushes into it during the phenomena we call "erection"
Hale?
Your joke is bad and you should feel bad. 
I may need help on this one.
That joke destroyed a small piece of my soul.
I think this joke is funnier when deer is replaced with opossum, but maybe that's just because of where I live. Deer still works fine. I've always liked this joke.
-sizzle-.-- kentucky fried chicken
Brother was killed by solders car crossing road and wife raped by deer. Sad day.-- Latvian Chicken 
Because "Fuck You" that's why..-- Libertarian Chicken
I envision a world in which a chicken may cross a road without its motives being put into question..-- Tolerant Chicken
Bad luck Ryan... makes it to the front page... On a self post xD
I feel trolled. 
That's why they bury lawyers 26 feet down instead of just 6... because deep down they're good guys.
It should have said "Seemingly disturbed, he ordered his...." not just "Disturbed, he ordered ....."
I'm a lawyer and I'm very interested to know which place on earth this is where lawyers have limousines and drivers. Living in an appartment, I don't even have a lawn for these poor people to eat. 
As they say, it's funny 'cause it's (mostly) true.
grass isnt edible. human digestive systems arent made to eat grass like rabbits or small insects, as humans cant break the grass down do the base materials for nutrients. it'd either staying in there or coming out the way it came it.
But if you did, would you let poor people eat it?
I may consider it if there's a tax reduction involved.....nah j/k poor people can eat my lawn as much as they want..IF I HAD ONE.
Good joke, but... I it would work better if the lawyer was a Jew.
Lol!!! :) funny!:)
Thank you for explaining that in plain Engrish. 
Who's Ryan?
I didn't think anything of the lawyer part, but I thought it was too predictable of a joke. 
Holy shit man. Do you need a hug?
Redundancies don't really help make it funnier
[deleted]
And doctors?
A better punchline would be, "The grass hasn't been cut in 2 weeks."
Maybe instead of "I'll feed you" you could say "nonsense, you'll eat at my house tonight".Minor change. Either way I dig the joke
"Would like like to eat at my house tonight?"
I like that even better
Why? What changes? He's still feeding them.
"Eat with me at my house" would only be something you'd say if you we're eating the same thing as them. .Like I said its a silly and minor change. The joke works either way. But my way just adds continuity 
It doesn't imply he is going to feed them a great big meal, just that they are going to eat . at his house.
Please have mercy on my obliviousness but is the joke that he wants them to cut the grass?
For a moment I was skeptic because a lawyer wouldn't pick up people like that, but then dat punchline..
Im glad you understand the point of the joke.
Dat. Make every comment +2
dat ain't tru. 
I deserve this
Apparently not.
What's wrong with dat?
He didn't do the spell correctly. It's "dat [noun]" for x2 karma. For example, "dat grass".
I guess the world's not ready to let it go.
Yeap. He's getting them to eat his grass, which needs cutting anyway.
Oh duh. Holy fuck I'm an idiot. I like this joke.
If it makes you feel better I probably get about 60% of the jokes here.
Thank god, I thought I was the only one.
It's okay man.  That's what the comment section is for!
who the fuck lets their grass get a foot high
Lawyers who can afford a fucking limousine
lawyers ( i.e. j00s ).
That happens within a week in late spring in southern Virginia. I mowed my grass Tuesday and its already a foot high.
Someone who wants to feed hobos. 
Someone too lazy to cut it and too cheap to hire someone to do it for them.
i.e A lawyer.
He waits until he can find poor farmers to eat it.
So are you a lawyer or a banker?  
fucking animals
So he's not too cheap to have a limo and driver, but too cheap to hire someone to mow the lawn? I SMELL A PLOT HOLE! 
Or maybe the limo is provided by the office..
Plot hole filler: he spends all his time at the office since he's a lawyer, so he doesn't really care how his yard looks since he's on his way to work before the sun rises and back home after it sets. Also, since he spent so much time away from home, his wife just left him .. He hasn't had time to find a new one and is taking advantage of the free lawn "mowing" that these twelve will provide.
Poor guy. I just want to give him a hug and tell him he needs to take a vacation. 
And a real job.
He also needs to become a real person 
You could help him out by eating his lawn.
Submitted to 
That sounds naughty.
It would work better if it were a banker...
... or a politician.
or a Jew. That might offend some, though.
A Jewish banker. 
A Jewish bankers Jewish lawyer 
A Jewish bankers, Jewish lawyer's mother.
Good. Let them be fended.
Naw, the banker wouldn't stop.
I read the man's voice with Barney Frank's; it made perfect sense. 
Are you by any chance a fellow Scot?
I am, does it count?
Aye, sure :) we've git tae stick th'gither oan here
I'm a fellow but not a Scot.
My name is Scott. Do I count? 
Here's a somewhat similar one:.Guy walks into a bar and sees a very poor, homeless-looking man sitting in a corner. The guy approaches the poor man and asks "Can I buy you a drink?". To which the poor man replies "Thank you, but I don't drink". The guy then asks, "Can I buy you a lotto ticket, then?", but the man says "Thank you, but I don't gamble". The guy finally says "Well, then come to my house and have dinner with me and my wife". The poor man agrees and they go to the guy's house and have dinner. The meal goes smoothly and as the poor man is leaving, he asks the guy, "Dinner was wonderful and you are very kind. May I ask you what inspires such kindness in your heart?", to which the guy replies "Kindness? I just wanted to show my wife what a guy who doesn't drink and gamble looks like".
another one. i guy asks a friend. "do u have naked pictures with your wife" "no" "so ..you want some ?"
HAHA SO FUNNY
But didn't the poor guy turn down the lotto ticket and booze at the beginning?
Right, the joke is that a man who doesn't drink and gamble ends up poor. He's trying to convince his wife that drinking and gambling is a good thing. 
What was a guy who doesn't drink doing by himself in a bar in the first place?
Eating free bar nuts?
For the free dinner you get from people who like to prove a point
Better than sitting outside freezing his ass off or sweating to death.
Your logic is not welcome here...
Slow down Spock
Daniel tosh 
here's how it was told last time, with spinach instead of broccoli.
Both taste better when picked fresh!
Not a native english speaker, as you can probably see..
Not really, I didn't notice anything off until I read your comment
It is a good joke but the phrasing works better as "if you're forced to have it as a child, you won't enjoy it as an adult."
For those who don't know, wikipedia says Nunavut is the largest, northernmost and newest territory of Canada..The joke is "noneofit".
he disected (sp?) the frog/joke!
This kills the joke.
And now we know.
He was at full mast when he saw The Last Boy Scout was changing  
It was . anyway.
His days of Moonlighting as a Surrogate were over in the Cold Light of Day

Up vote for Fonzie.
The minister fainted!
Your punchline sucks.
u Brits wish
Then the Brit picks up the Pakistani, drinks half and throws him out the window.
The one that I have always heard is with a japanese guy, a mexican guy, and an american. They boat is sinking and they need to lose weight. The japanese guy throws off his rice, saying that there is plenty back at home. The mexican guy throws off some tortillas, saying that there are plenty back at home. The american throws off the mexican. 
I think this joke works better with a Frenchman, an American, and a Mexican.
Oh god, that's naughty
I've heard this one with a Russian (vodka), a Cuban (cigars), and an American and a lawyer.
mine was a (replace lawyer with) Mexican
You can basically take any lawyer joke and replace them with Jews, as well.
i do not understand. Do brits drink pakistanis?
Yes.
Plot twist: Pakistani didn't explode.
We need you at .. ASAP
Ftfy
Impossible. Why else would he be on a train?
Train exploded. 
I think toe jokes are funnier than eye ones, actually: you never see them coming. 
That's why dick jokes aren't funny...
Telling too many toe jokes... makes you a heel!
They're coming by the ..
Arm jokes tend to be very humerus. 
Yes, they sure tickle my funny bone.
[deleted]
How can a joke be NSFW?
It's a troll account. Check the karma.
Good call, but I still think it's gross for a vet to be having sex with his patients
You made me milk come out of my nose.  Nice.
I actually just ended up saying 'spaghetto' with an italian accent for about three minutes before I realized what the punchline was.
Lasagettattahere. 
Jersey
Thank you for this
How do you catch a tame one?.The tame way. 
This was so bad, and I really do mean so bad, that I had to upvote it. Some jokes try too hard to get that "bad joke" factor, but this one does it without trying.

Haha, exactly. My dad is the one who taught me this one
Well then....How do you catch a tame bird?  Tame way.
BEAT ME TO IT!
Have you realized...that you always get beat to it....?
This made it all worth it.
BEAK ME TO IT
Now that's a groaner.
Yesssssssss
Heck I heard you can get a hold of any bird by phone....Use a calling card... infact some go for real cheep-cheep!
The horse was just dropping that hint so the guy wouldn't try to butt fuck him
Gob? 

Is this yours originally? Regardless, I'm stealing it!
Not mine, no. I think I read it on Twitter or something.
Upvote for honesty!
Up vote for an up voting of honesty
Upvote for... Ahhh screw it.
i don't get it
It's a reference to the rumours that Tom Cruise is gay.
oh, now I get it. thx
Annie's a twelve year old girl...
It is sNOT!
You think your nose is clean, but its sNOT!
What yah got there brother?, serious tISSUES with that?!?
Why do I feel a bit butt-hurt about this joke?
Been around for years
they were going at 22 mph on route 22. Before, they were going at 119 mph on route 119
Captain State-The-Obvious strikes again!
If by your best friend, you mean The 729th Most Popular Post On This Subreddit
Or you know he heard it from his friend...
I'm just being silly while pointing out that his friend didn't MAKE the joke.
You make a good point... but please take your finger out of my eye.
I see.
Sorry, I'm blind in my left ear. Can you say that again?
Damn it, Grandma Johnny..You forgot to put on your hearing glasses again.
Stop teasing and give us the answer!.... Oh.

I upvoted you but I don't get it.
I upvoted you but I don't know why
I didn't upvote either of you, and I know why.
I upvoted one of you, and if I tell you why, I'm gonna have to kill you. 
James vanderbeak, my nigga!
Man, you really fucked this up.Not only could this have been formatted better, but you just didn't get the punchline right at all
Did you mean 'I can't buckin' hear you'?
Knock, knock, knockin' on heavens doooOor Yeah YEAH YEAH YEAH YEA
NO! NOT FAIR! Not only is this a repost, but I'm the one who posted it first!
Better watch out for his battle axe
Officer he jumped up and bit my toe!
Larry the Cable Guy stole your joke...
This made me laugh much louder than it should have. Nice one!
probably grumpy
That was beneath you
Come on, have a little humor.
These jokes are falling short.
How could you stoop so low?
This is the Height of stupidty
Midget. (THERE ARE NO MORE GOOD PUNS.) 
Stop with the small talk!
Damnit.... I'm a little ashamed... (bad pun there) 
"... and that's when the fight started."
"My shins!"
Get back here I will bite your knees off you coward!
Ok...
Wonder what grade her teacher gave her for the book report. 
That joke was just a little cheesy.
It aint easy being cheesy
She must have learned something from it... it has some grate points.
Good lord that pun was cheesy
Holey God, that pun was bad.
I was hoping you would have found it Gouda!
How exactly does one grade cheese? 
The swiss would say the holier the better.
The cheddar would say the yellow is... the... fuck I have nowhere to go with this.
On a curve!  Wait - that's not funny...
Apparently my phone doesn't like the word grater*
Dorks... lol
Surprised no one responded "please explain?" LOL
This is a practical joke.
Noooo! I clicked on it! I should have known! :(
an asshole comedian
please explain?
Confusion and frustration.

No, it is not.
I'm going to go ahead and say this is a rhetorical joke.
You sure about that?
No..Actually maybe.
I see what you did there.
Im embarrassed that I clicked the link to check if there was more to this. 
You get a question stolen from an AskReddit thread
I heard they like to nibble on grASS!
Apples.  Or is the too esoteric?
Horse dick.
Beat me to it.
would work equally well with a scotsman
"The train goes through a tunnel, it becomes pitch black in the car", good one.
It's still worth a chuckle, but this must be the most reposted joke of alltime in this sub
Born in Ireland, lived in the uk and Ireland. The hatred is stronger from the English to the Irish than the other way round. .Based on experience. .Addendum: When I moved back to Ireland everyone said I was English so I received hate from both sides.
I'm pretty sure this is just a copied version of the Greek lady, Quebec guy, hot blonde, and Albertan guy.
heard this joke too many times
"Fuckin' limey Brits" is usually a pretty good way to sum up Western history after 1500.
I thought it was going to end like this..Irishman: [to himself] 
tbf anyone who has travelled on a train with an old dutch lady would know she'd be the groper.............
Well, I've heard this joke before, but it was about politicians. 
I really enjoyed this.
I heard it as a young soldier, his commanding officer, an old woman, and her beautiful granddaughter. .The tunnel happens, there's the sound of a kiss, followed by a slap. .The commanding officer thinks, "I can't believe he had the guys to kiss that girl, but I really can't believe she missed and accidentally slapped me. .The granddaughter thinks,  "I'm so glad that soldier kissed me, but I wish my grandmother hadn't slapped him" .The grandmother thinks "I can't believe that soldier kissed my granddaughter, but I'm glad she slapped him for it." .The soldier thinks "what a great day. I got to kiss a pretty girl and slap my commanding officer all at the same time." 
I imagined ..
[deleted]
That's really good. It's a rare joke that has two very funny and completely different punchlines. You should tell it to different friends with different endings, and wait for someone to ask you to tell it at a party, so you can confuse half of them who think they've heard it before. Also, just before you get to the punchline you should have somebody turn out the lights, and say the punchline in a different voice. That way no one will know if someone fucked up the joke. I'm not sure where I'm going with this anymore.

Fucking mosquito.
Perhaps . ..
Interesting, having had the same experience I would say it;s the opposite.
I was told it depends on where in the uk/Ireland you lived, which I would agree with..I was in SE England, there was a lot of hate. I also lived there during the 90s when the IRA were in the news a lot. .The midlands are much more friendly toward the Irish..As for Ireland, I've not met anyone who showed true hatred toward the English. I've seen banter toward the English and friendly digs as we give to each other. But I only had to defend myself physically once over here, compared to multiple in the uk. 
Well location is obviously going to have a lot to do with it..Having lived in London most recently, I can't say I experienced any tangible anti-Irish sentiment. I think that has completely melted away post GFA and with the rise of Al Qaeda and the 7/7 bombings..In the North of Ireland, there's obviously a huge anti-English feeling among Nationalists. But without using personal anecdotes I think that Ireland sees England as it's big rival whereas most younger generation English people have more of a big brother/little brother kind of attitude..I have to say I'm truly baffled you had to physically defend yourself in Ireland at all for being an Irish person who lived in England.
Area and different era. I was remarking on the republics attitude toward the UK. not the norths. .I was in the uk in the 90s and moved back in the 00s. I moved back to a small rural town before there was an influx of non nationals moving in, we weren't from the town and therefore not wanted there. I was hit from behind by a teenage guy, who was older than me, I had to defend myself. .I was shocked too, left me feeling very alienated, but that's life. .I've not been back to the UK in 10years, but my brother moved back to the UK a few years ago and he has found to be embraced due to the Irish connection he has. So times do change, but from my experiences, the UK was harsher than Ireland toward me. Again, it was a different era, different political time, etc. .Was jut telling it how it was for me.
Yesssss. And NSA knows all about it
It's a cheap train.
Why do you ride 'on' a train, bus, or ship,...but you ride 'IN' a taxi?
I can kind of understand the ship, but the others I agree with you on.
I think with the train, bus, and . SHIP I MEAN SHIP, you can't control where they're going. You get 'on' to go wherever they're already going. You can tell a taxi where to go.
 I agree with what you said.
thank you
Mi scusi
I think it has to do with being able to stand up and move around.
You ride on a bike. 
Yeah, but how would one get . a bike?
...that makes so much sense.
When does the English language ever make sense?.But I think that's what it actually is. You're in a lorry / van / taxi / car but on a train / plane / ship / bus
As an american, except for lorry->truck, this is exactly the same here too.
Well, I'm not on my house and I can move around.
Plus transport..Or it could be something to do with public vs private transport which thinking about it might make more sense.
A train uses cars (also known as wagons or trucks).
English is not my native language and I didn't know that, thanks.
For who have not seen it, here is the . version that reached the the top on . 
This version is better..Source: I'm Irish
This man is talking sense. .Source: I'm Irish and I'm drunk. 
I've usually heard this joke with a Frenchman, where the Englishman slaps the frenchmen.  Love this joke though anyway.
[deleted]
Have you heard of a group called the IRA?
You must not be Irish.  My great grandmother wouldn't even eat English food.
I'm English and I won't eat English food.
So... nothing made with water?
To be fair, english food is god awful.
Do enlighten me on what constitutes 'English food' and how it is terrible, please.
It's beyond description. But you'd know it if you ever smelled or tasted it. 
Depends, Irish people hate the English a ton, but the English hate the French more than the Irish..However the joke works better if everyone thinks the French guy was doing the groping, because it's more stereotypically French
Looks like we got ourselves an English here.
Nice one. I've heard it with an English and a French guy where the former slaps the latter. 
The version I heard had Pam Anderson involved.
Palmela Handerson?
Pamela Anderson
Irishman checking in, I'd rather kiss the young Swedish woman. 
We all would
Why is . bolded in the first sentence/phrase?
OP is trying to show off his grammar
Glad you asked..I accidentally omitted two words from the subject, and added them in the first line of the body (in .).
Yeah, right. 
Stealth edits are not a sin.
..However if you pinkyswear to me that you heard it somewhere else and not the top of ., I will delete my comment and never question you again.
Why are they on the train and not inside of it?
You can't edit titles. 
I just realized this is never completely an accident.. .I'm one of those guys who reads the comments, scrolls back up to realize the username is relevant and then comment to let everyone else know!
You're only making your omissions more obvious...
Not only that, but the sentence works perfectly well without those words.
It sounds funny without the omitted "an", but most people would fill it in automatically without noticing (I did )
That's why his username is like that! 
...ooooh. 
I read them with extreme 
"I say things for emphasis! EMPHASIS!"
Whenever I see/hear that word, I think: "...wrong emPHAsis on the wrong syLLAble." Thanks Mike Myers.
In the words of Josh Peck, " I read them with emphasis.... ."
I read the joke picturing all four sitting on top of a moving a train.
''this time they're ON the train, as opposed to beneath it."
fuck you, I'm going IN the train!
Always upvote a Carlin reference.
Upvote for Carlin!
let evil kinevil get ON the train!
I'll be in here with you fine people.  There seems to be less wind in here.
uniformed crew members..uniformed, as opposed to the guy next to you in the grateful dead t-shirt and the 'fuck you' hat!
I bet the wife passed the tea for the third guy. 
Species.
Goats like to fuck around on the mountain.
The size of their turds
One is a small strictly aquatic animal customarily orange in color and the other is goat...? I mean the number of differences between these 2 creatures is enormous.
anti-joke? 
Also since when do Goldfish have fountains? 
Very accurate....
i highly disagree i know plenty of good men who ride harleys today were holding a benifit ride for a family we dont even know to raise money for the funaral charges for there daughter who was killed by a pyco so FUCK OFF!!!
Someone's butt hurt
Am I in the wrong subreddit? I thought this was a place for jokes. 
Just gave away your location. Yes, that is a cool thing they did here.
Think we should hold a spelling benefit for you...
while there are many issues with the comment, they do have a point that just because you drive a harley, you are not automatically considered a dirtbag. 
It's just that guy who is in the wrong sub. He wants 
The sidebar addresses people like you
Ha, the angry comment just makes the joke funnier. 
How d'ya spot a Harley in the rain? Look for oil leaks on the ground under it.
Well played 
Tie her up and leave her in the sun. 
I like the punch line, but the setup needs work.  Maybe a nervous Ginger? 
cant have "ginger" in the setup or its ruined, but I do like nervous redhead :)
Sound logic sir, sounds like it would go 
I was going to say up the ass, but I like your punch line better
Way to go OP. Stolen directly from . thread. At least credit the poster, or put x-post from r/AskReddit in the title.
Because they literally always take things.
op is a kleptomaniac 
Knock knock
Who's there?
A Jehovah's Witness
OP shoulda put the punchline in the title :/
 
Well no because he's not a Jeho. 
well I would of found it funny
I don't get it.
Breakfast: A daily committment for the chicken; A lifetime committment for the pig
The pig was worried that once the business got underway they'd start making cuts. 
I have a question... where did the pig and chicken meat? 
At breakfast? 
Chickens are involved, pigs are committed
This sounds like a Hedberg.
But wouldn't it fall, so the women win? 
Plus, sometimes the seat would break, so watching you fix it would be the icing on the cake.
this should be in . 


This reminds me of Fairly Oddparents. Wanda falls in the toilet and she says "would it kill you to put the seat down!?" and Cosmo answers "would it kill you to . before you sit!?".For a kid's show it cracked me up.
we had unisex toilets at work too..it ended in everyone closing the toilet completely not just lowering the lids. that way noone won.
Oldie but a goodie. :)
I know I heard this before but I can't remember if it was a joke or a true story.
Make a wild guess. 
Why is this joke funny?  Beats me!
Anyone got a that 70's show meme with kelso on it that says BURN!!!!! because that's exactly what popped in my head.
English teacher here. Loved it
In response to the . joke?..I think yours shows a bit too much bias to reach a very large crowd. 
I don't get it...
Yeah, I'm actually not 'opposed' to any religion but the joke just popped into my head the other day and I thought I would share since someone brought up my beliefs :P.I hope its not too biased/offensive, I didn't think it would be for this crowd.
i have a legitimate question; do jehovah's witnesses actually go door to door? i've never had the pleasure.
I can answer this. Yes. I knew a lady who would constantly bang on my mother in law's door during a time when she was having some serious health issues. They are supposed to stop when you tell them to but don't always.
Yes, all the time but especially Saturdays. With Mormons halting their door to door ministry I think Jehovah's Witnesses are the only religion that does go door to door regularly.
i dont know much about a majority of other religions, are jehovahs witnesses a branch of radical christians?
Not radical, no. In fact Jehovah's Witnesses avoid anything relating to politics including the passing of laws and such, and they do not protest either. They are more of a neutral christian religion that emphasizes Jesus' command to go out and preach.
ah, ok, thank you for explaining.
Haha, fair enough. We all enjoy a good ol' "you're different" bashing now and again.
hope your mother in law got better.
It's funny because only JW are reasonable...according to the JW author of the joke.
By Odin's beard! This... is the incorrect audience for this joke.
Well I wasn't expecting that. I'm a terrible person.
Isn't this technically an anti-joke?.Anyway being into BDSM I feel I could get away with: ..
In a plastic cup.
I like my women like I like my coffee - quiet.
I paid good money for my slave
Shut up
?
If you describe someone as"free", they can't also be a slave.
I do like a good freed cup of coffee though.
I think he means he prefers not to pay for his slaves or to catch them himself
Black, exotic, and preferably fair trade
 
OMG i just recognized stephen colbert and that other dude in this gif
ive seen it a million times before.EDIT: its a what his name moment with "that other dude"
Conan
No, no. That's obviously Jimmy Kimmel. 
The barbarian?
Looks kinda like Bernie Mac to me. 
um...pretty sure it's Sarah Silverman
Jon Stewart, host of the Daily Show.
LOL FUK U 4 GIVING THE RITE ANSWER! Seriously, this is the most irritating reddit trend ever
I don't know about "most"  irritating but your all-caps your willful misspellings are definitely more irritating. 
Um. Okay...
I thought you were gonna say black and strong
With a confusing name
Short and white
Yellow and extremely efficient? 
And helps you get your homework done. 
More like great mortar replacement to help make your wall strong  from pesky Mongolians. 
... And later, he was convicted of sexual harassment charges. 
*
if you wanted to make a continuation of this joke, then the current "tits" is acceptable, however, if we wanted this joke to be to the point, then"Your tits" should have been used.
And she said big rod Todd in jail had some of the nicest tits. Ill let him know your request. He died. 
He.......fainted.

I don't get it. :|
I don't get this one - anybody?
Did she faint too?
tl;dr 99 second immobile handjob
meh
he doesnt want her to let go of his penis
Definitely not a meh joke. Here's a meh joke...
Q: Why do blonds have bruises around their belly-buttons?
A: Cause blond guys are stupid too....Meh
I don't get it.
Pasteurized sounds like "past your eyes". She thought he was asking about a quantity, not a type of milk.
Ooooooooh, I like this one.
...So, the milkman brougt unpasteurized milk as the woman requested.  The FBI kicked down the door and arrested both of them on the spot.  The end.
Ah I see, thanks. :D
BILLIE JOE ARSMSTRONG QUOTE!!! .I was just watching that interview!!! I fucking love Green Day
Simple...but I like it!
Really?
Not even joking
Or the . (from .)
Uh huh
Well then you better go and catch her!
Some doofus tried doing that to me, but he switched "running" for "working". Thank caller ID that I could call and correct him.
Is your refrigerator running?.Uh, yes. . ..Good! Mine too! See you at the refrigerator race tomorrow!
I'm a cop...  I yelled "FREEZE" at my refrigerator just before it got out the door....It stopped, immediately!
Is your food too cold now?
Stopped it cold in its tracks!
Heard it before from my dad a while ago good joke though....
r.i.p op. .i hope you lived a good life.
?????????????
angry muslims gonna kill you.

That kid is probably hacking the gibson as we speak.
Not to be picky but Kirk is from Iowa... not Canada. Right?
 and i will correct the error
Although William Shatner . a Canadian. Partial credit.
Not all middle easterners are muslim, not all muslims are middle eastern.  .If I recall there aren't really any religions in star trek, so that answers that.  Still doesn't really explain why there are no middle eastern ethnicity's.  .Meh joke was a little to bigoted to be funny
How about this for a bigoted joke:.Why didn't the nigger show up for work?.....Cuz he's hanging in my tree!
Star trek happens after the year 2300. Joke is really about the middle eastern countries becoming extinct by then.
Besides not being terribly funny, this joke is different from when I heard it last in that now it's a Marine telling the Iranian, which brings in a lovely degree of militaristic fetishism to the joke, as well as broad strokes of unfunny racism. Advocating for genocide can be funny, it just isn't here..Also, the doctor on Deep Space Nine is a Sudanese Muslim. Boom.
Well, Siddig is, but Bashir wasn't. Likewise, Doohan isn't Scottish (but is mentioned in the joke)

i think it hits the point about the constant turmoil in the middle east along with the arms race that is constantly going on in that region, thus to me it is funny.
I understood, thought it was funny, and upvoted!
I thought he wore a JUMPsuit!
i don't think i get it 
Like the music... 
It's supposed to sound like 
oooohhhh. thanks!
He wears overalls you twat...
Explain to me how he jumps so well you twit...  Good Lord!!! Don't you know a pun when you see one?  
I haven't seen this joke since two days ago.
This is one of those jokes that is better said out loud than written.
Our names are very similar...
During the winter of 1942, a little boy in Germany sees a man drowning. He runs to save him from the icy current, and sees that he has saved Adolf Hitler himself!.Hitler is very humbled, and says, "Little boy, you have done a great thing for me, and for all of Germany. Whatever you wish for that is within my power, I shall give it to you."."I only ask for one thing: Please don't tell my father."."What? But you're a hero! You should be proud of yourself! What is the problem?"."Well, my family is Jewish, and my dad would kill me if he found out what I did.".Two Mossad agents are incognito in a hotel Hitler is staying at. They are disguised as bellhops, and are waiting for Hitler to return to his room so they can assassinate him..Hours pass after the time their intelligence says Hitler will return to his room. One of them is worried. "What if he doesn't come, and we can't kill him?"."Oy vey, that'd be terrible! I hope nothing bad happened to him on the way here!".A man enters a confessional. "Father, I have sinned. Yesterday evening I had sex with and performed other lewd acts with two unmarried women at the same time.".The Priest is a little taken aback. "That is a very serious sin in God's eyes. Tell me, my child, have you ever been to a confession before?"."No, Father, I'm Jewish."."Jewish? Then why tell me?"."Father, I'm telling .!"
Hahaha that's pretty good. You may want to give a time frame as to when this conversation happened, as I don't believe it would be taking place as late as 2013.
I heard this before except it was a jewish woman that was giving him sexual favours in turn for shelter.
I could be over-thinking this, but I feel that mentioning a time period would allow to much of a hint as to where the punch-line was heading.
Not really, saying it at the beginning in the title and throwing in a bunch more information would appear to be a nice set piece rather than the actual punchline when you first read the joke. If the title would have read "It's 1950 and a man [you probably want to give him a name] goes into a confession booth [specific denomination of religion] in Germany [mention a specific town in Germany]." .This a technique for giving the reader/listener a bunch of superfluous information to distract them from the actual punchline, so that when the punchline comes, it's a lot more surprising/snappier.
Good point. Plus, people would probably assume it was taking place current day which could add to the humor given the amount of time that has passed since WWII.
I heard it with an ending when a man tells the jew the war is over, and the jew explains that he knows but keeps living because the rent is so low.
feels like too much of a 'double joke' to me... one punchline is enough
Genius. 
"... now take off your pants and bend over.".Payback's a bitch.
Well put together joke but it didn't make me laugh. Must just be the context, I bet it would be funny if I was in the mood.
gold indeed!
I call bullshit that father would be like "$1000 boy your a genius now give me $700 for rent"
Wait, why does the man buy the glove and ball?
I actually laughed at something on Reddit. Nice job. 
Good joke :) had a hearty laugh :)
It took me reading through this damn joke three times before I realized the priest was his mom's lover...
Because otherwise, the kid will tell his dad about the affair.
I don't get the ending
Ahhhh, I'm an idiot. :P
The priest is the guy having the affair. He recognized the line "it's dark in here" from the closet.
Hah, I remember my dad telling me this joke when I was a kid.
This is one of the best jokes I've read on this subteddit
This is gold 
Part of me is wondering what the hell a priest is doing with $750 on hand, but then I realize it's a joke and there's no need to be all stupid about finding flaws in logic..Great joke!
Did you think the collection plate gets sent directly to God? 
Its okay, the kid takes credit card
He's got square.
A joke containing a priest, a little boy, and sex, and the priest isn't having sex with the little boy? Well done mate, very well done. 
XD
I'm wondering how the penguin drove
Vanilla ice cream ."No, I swear, it's just ice cream!"
I think this was done with chimps on The Man Show.
should of left out the ' dmn its all over my face'
The correct punchline is: "No, I've just been eating ice cream."
The best is "I don't think that's any of your business."
The best is how this joke has been reused so many times, people actually know the correct version. 
Yes.
Much much older than the daily show. 
Later he's muttering to himself, "I'm a teepee, no, I'm a wigwam.  I'm a teepee.  I'm a wigwam."  .The shrink says, "You're too tense!"
lol one of my favourite tommy cooper jokes. juss like that. .I went to the doctor. He said 'you've got a very serious illness'. 
I said 'I want a second opinion'. 
He said 'all right, you're ugly as well'.
A woman walks into a doctor's office. "Doc, you gotta help me! My husband thinks he's a rerigerator, and it's driving me nuts!"."Well, I don't know how to help you off the top of my head. And besides, I don't see how that's really such a big problem."."You don't understand. He sleeps with his mouth open and the light keeps me awake all night!"."Okay, Mrs. Smith. We did a full-body check-up of your son. But we found nothing abnormal about his eating habits like you said we would. He's not malnourished one bit. However, an x-ray did show that he has a broken nose."."Doc, I don't think you got what I meant when I said my son eats like a bird.".A woman walks into a doctor's office. "Doc, I have a real problem. I fart all the time! Just constantly. But what's weird is, all my farts are silent, and don't smell at all. I've farted five times since I've sat down in here and you haven't noticed! Can you help me at all?".The doctor gives the woman some medication, and the next day she storms in, yelling about maltreatment. "What have you done! I fart just as much as I did before, but now they smell awful!".The doctor smiles and replies, "Ah, so the medication made you smell again! Let's see if we can fix that hearing of yours, now?."Doc, you have to help my brother, he thinks he's a chicken! Totally bonkers."."Oh, my. That's a very serious mental illness. How long has he been experiencing symptoms?"."About three years."."Three-? Mrs. Jones, why didn't you tell anyone sooner?"."We needed the eggs."
Nice one, but I think this is one of those jokes that should be heard rather than read since 'your' or 'you're' makes all the difference!
Yeah, I had to flip a coin to decide which one to use in the text. I think 'your' works better here, since it leaves one wondering just a bit.
Love it. I think it would have been funny if you turned into a 12 year old girl and said "I can clearly see ur nuts".Edit: it would have left "your" and "you're" up in the air
What a fucking douchebag grammer nazi thing to say, wow. 
I can tell you didn't get the joke then..Your nuts = your balls..You're nuts = you're crazy..When verbally said the punchline would be that both are true and both work at the same time - a play on words.  When written down you're specifically saying one and not the other which fails the play on words unless you try to hear it in your head.
Not really, he's just pointing out his observation. He's not being overly critical of the spelling or anything
I get the joke. It just doesn't fucking matter. If your over analyzing shit like this then it takes the joke out of joke. Who the fuck really cares if I put your and you're or yore or whatever. When you see it, unless your (yes I'm using the wrong one just because) a fucking idiot then it doesn't matter. 
I'm pretty sure it's comments like you'res that take the most away from the joke. Wait...you look angrier. Did I do something wrong?
Nope, I'm not angry at all. I just like to point at idiots an laugh. 
Yep, so do I. (By this time my finger is raised in your direction)
I'm glad the other 3 are pointing at you.
Either way, less internet points for you!
OH Noooeess!
Don't get it :-(
News is misspelt as newd because the s was beside the d
He was the man who designed the layout of the keyboard. 
You know whats great with senility? You can repost this joke over and over"! (dont know if this is repost)
edit. im senile.
The great about senility... nope sorry, I forgot what I was going to text!
dont forget the butter
Crackers and Mayo.
The cracker reference is white people
i'm aware, i said butter because...well, paula deene.
The butter references the fact that the woman likes butter.
Yes.
Edit. Who likes cloth then?
Ol' Whatsherface. She likes music AND cloth!
And leather chaps
Wal-Mart does not sell beer...
Never get between a woman and her makeup
Maybe in dry counties. Here they do, most definitely.

I stand corrected I always heard that Wal-Mart would never sell beer because of the wishes of the original owner. And also I've never seen beer being sold in any locations I've ever visited
You're probably in a dry county. I lived in one in Arkansas and the Walmart didn't sell anything alcoholic, but after moving back to Arizona, my local Walmart sells beer, wine, and liquor. 
It might differ from region to region. I know they still won't sell wine or liquor,  though.
All the Wal-Marts in Missouri sell wine and liquor
Have a Wal-Mart here in Alaska that sells beer/wine/liquor to confirm as well.
They sold wine and liquor in TN. 
I'm pretty sure they do in alot of places I know they don't in MA because our state is a failure.
You just proved them right. Walmart does not sell beer. It does however sell Coors light.
I couldn't be the only one who read the pauses dramatically.
I....also
I... wish you... would learn... how... to... use... ellipses.
this joke....seems a ..... bit stilted....
Felt like I was going to a commercial break every ellipsis. 
OP is William Shatner.
May the force be with you. 
Hahahahahaha, I get it now! Ol shaty wants to get shitty. Nice
I just hope you know the only reason I upvoted this was to get it to 69 upvotes. .You sir, are not funny
You a punny man...
Space rocks are out of this world.
My 9 year old told me this joke... And then I grounded him
parenting...
how about: who was that guy, and why didn't he have any fingers?
Know why all the men in kings landing ask for lord baelish to do their prostate exams?  Because everyone knows about his little finger. 
If I was a nurse I would totally use that line
The girl version of this:
me
My doctor asked what music I'd like. 'in through the out door' 

My doctor gave me a prostate exam the other day and said everything was really good. Weirdest fucking dental visit I have had.
Whose line 
This isn't a place for sad stories that happened to you in real life. This is a place for jokes.
She came?
I thought it was odd during my prostate exam when the doctor had both of his hands on my hips.
It gets awkward when you reach back and run ur fingers through his hair
[deleted]
If you can't appreciate humor in time of trouble, you'll only make yourself more miserable.  I'm sure people have heard about the BofA protester, but if you come onto Reddit (or the Internet) with the aim of focusing only on that which is fucked up, you're gonna have bad time.  Unless your into German or Japanese porn.  That shit's . fucked up.
Mhm. I'm sure they let him out or parole once they . it up to simple vandalism.  .YYYYYEEEEEEEEEEAAAAHHHHH!!!
That's not on my front page..And I can joke about anything, chalk one up for me.
If we all let world sadness bring us down, our only choice would be to kill ourselves..Humor on brothers.
"I'm sorry you have cancer" is also 5 words. I think that'd be worse to hear.
I'm sorry, didn't laugh.  :-(
It took me forever to get this joke because I kept thinking "the nurse came" meant something else. 
This is probably the least funny joke I have seen in this sub. Why is it still on top?
I got an exam and the doc told me I needed to stop masturbating. I asked why and he said, "Because I'm trying to finish your prostate exam."
Man.... Im 19. I cant tell this joke in the first person. 
don't worry ., one day...
"Who was that armless man?"
What's the problem?
The doctor was simply some fetish lad who sneaked himself into the waiting hall and stuck his finger in a patients analities. 
Probably not his finger....
Probably his toe. 
Probably your face
You know the exam is going bad when you feel the doc's hands on your shoulders. 
Or exactly how you wanted it. Hurr.
How about the nurse stating, "your doctor's running a little late, he'll be with you shortly."
Hey, no one gives a fuck.
Except the guy that walked out.
Read the comments.  Still have no clue what's going on here.  Doesn't sound like I want to though...
Do you know what a prostate exam is?
Yes.  I think I do. But please bend over and drop your pants and you can tell me if I'm doing it right.
Woah, slow down there, champ.
When and where?
Ewww. 
It was your idea to begin with, damn it! 
So the guy is getting a prostate exam and the . finishes and walks out passing the nurse walking . and she says, "Hey, who was that?" implying that it was . but some stranger off the street sticking his hand up peoples bums.
Whaaat? I interpreted as the guys is having sex with the nurse when the doctor comes in does the prostate exam and leaves, then nurse climaxes, and asks him who it was.
I read it like this at first too. Especially because of the whispering and use of the word fuck. But hey, who says a joke can't have multiple interpretations? After all, our interpretation is so much better!
I have no idea why it took you explaining that to me for me to get it.  I mean... I went back and re-read it and now it makes perfect sense and seems crystal clear.  Thanks.   .Humor is not my strong suit.
All good, Sugar ;-)
You must be the sweetest explanation-giver I've ever seen on this site. 
<blush> Thanks Gary :)
Sure thing sugar. ;D 
Awww....Now fuck.
AHAHAHAAAHAHAAHAhaaaaaaaaaa-no. 
At least check his prostate?

What...? But Gary.. we've shared so much... I thought I meant something to you? 


The patient looks like he just can't wait for the Doctor to get in there.
CT scans cost money. Sticking a finger up someone's butt doesn't.
My MD did my prostate exam for free using his ultra sound machine.
Don't worry, I'm with the union. We'll put a stop to that MD's unsafe and unsanitary practice! True prostate exams require both hands and a meaty probing tube. 
The machine wasn't free though. 
YOu mean I can do that for free? To whomever I want??
 
Next time you get a prostate exam ask your doc how he does that with his hands on your shoulders
Those aren't . hands 
What does that even mean?
There's a line and the next ones up are just helping him. 
..what?
There's a line and the next ones up are just helping him. 
He's butt raping you. 
...what?
It's not rape if he likes it...
[deleted]
You even said it wrong.
A doctor was walking down the hall when a nurse asked him to sign a form.  He reaches into breast pocket and pulls out a thermometer.  Looking at it, he told the nurse "great, some asshole has my pen."
Who leaves a thermometer in someone's asshole?
Good point. This joke sucks and I want my money back.
I always heard it as:.There was this proctologist teaching a medical lecture one day when a student raises his hand. After calling on him the student asks."Umm, sir. Is that a rectal thermometer behind your ear?".The doctor reaches up to check and then says ."GREAT, some asshole stole my pen."
Well, I can always tell my knot joke.
Well don't leave a sista hanging.
A string walks into a bar and orders a drink.  The bar tender is apologetic and explains that they can't serve strings.  The string gets irate and demands to be served a drink.  Again, the bartender says he can't and calls the bouncer to throw the string out.  The string goes around a corner, ties himself into knot and undoes his ends.  He walks back into the bar and again orders a drink.  The bartender tells the string that "I am not allowed to serve strings."  The string replies "but I'm not a string."  The bartender replies "yes, you are a string and you need to leave."  The string replies "no, I'm a frayed knot."
Phew, I was expecting a joke about canine anatomy.
I actually prefer the ending as: the string comes back into the bar and the bartender says "Hey aren't you that string from earlier?" And the string says "No, I'm a frayed knot" 
Read joke. Still chuckling. .I'm totally telling that one tomorrow at work. 
:)
The same kind of doctor who would mistake a pen for a thermometer.
The doctor probably came too.
[deleted]
He has doctorate's degree in dental hygiene.
I also came to say this.
Seems like everyone's caming 'round 'ere
I just came
The early bird gets the karma
I strongly believe in trickle down karmanomics.
Here you go...upvote...keep believing
Seriously? All of you are down voting me because I up voted someone? Something is not right with this picture
You
Rediquette, Meg!
Damn it Meg. 
Shut up, Meg.
Someone not on a phone please give this guy a link to the reddiquette guide so he'll stop bitching.
Well it certainly trickled down.
Well Crap. . got the short end of that stick. If I had RES I'd tag him 'Meg'
One time I was at the doctor and he told me he had to check my prostate. So I bend over and feel his finger go in me. It was then I realized both of his hands were on my shoulders..I swear I will never go to that dentist again
I find your's more funny then OP's.
That was on mock the week
My dad has been telling that joke for the last 20 years
My 20 year dad joke: what did the Indian say when the dog fell off the cliff?.D'aw gone..he actually just says the punch line randomly now haha he'll be in the room watching sport, alone, and you'll hear him say, "d'aw gone, d'aw gone" hahaha
My old man says the same thing all the time.... maybe that's why he hates the doctor o.O
Than*
So he has a third arm? HUH?!?!?!
Third leg
He would be a pro with the N64.
The N64 called it a joystick for a reason. Still wondering how my balls were suppose to reach the Z-button. 
Nice twist.
you . you needed a cavity filled...you should have more . :p
I feel like a plain "Who was that?" would be better.
I agree. And in most cases, to respect your privacy, a nurse probably wouldn't have asked that unless she saw what he had done. Maybe she would have said, "Is that a friend of yours?" or something, but she definitely wouldn't have assumed the worst unless the guy was dressed as a doctor or she caught him in the act.
And a duck could never walk into a bar and ask for grapes. Are you honestly this dense?
Wow. That was uncalled for. I said I read into it. The way the joke is written just doesn't read right. Forgive me for not giving it was just outright funny.
So in that case, if the guy is dressed as a doctor (which he probably would be, if the guy allowed him to stick a finger up his ass), "who the fuck was that?" would be a reasonable reaction for a nurse to say.
Indeed, but if that were the case the nurse probably would not have whispered it to him like that. The wording of it is just a little clunky for me. The gist of it is funny, but the wording throws me off. Now that I'm reading way too much into it, if it was at a hospital it's not unreasonable that the nurse wouldn't know every doctor that came around. I know that's too much, but my first reaction to the joke was questioning the actual situation the way it was written. It's funny, but, to me, it's worded oddly.
It would be expected that the nurse knows which room she is walking into and knowing which doctor she will see in there and/or know who she is assigned to
I agree. Like I said I thought of that when I was really reading into things. It's possible, though definitely not probable. 
Guys. It's a joke. logic isn't required.
Right that is PRETTY FUCKING INTENSE when all you saw was a guy walkin out the room.
Not to mention it's hard to whisper.
How long did you honestly sit there and try to whisper those 5 words? 
Until your comment
I too feel that FUCK demands to be spoken loudly and harshly every time it is used
Good joke but could use a better delivery
Well your mother doesn't, Trebeck!
That took me a second.. haha. 
Oh wait, THATS NOT SOAP!
Why do they only use liquid soap in the Navy / prison / gay bars?  .Much better setups for the same punchline. :)
Maybe I'm old but I remember this as "powered soap"
I actually originally heard it with the navy set up. Butt fuck that...I respect those guys too much.
I hate when people are anal about jokes.
I hate to be a shit disturber, but I disagree.
I want to continue this pun train, because I'm literally taking a shit as I type this, but crap is it hard to think of a good one. 
Enough with the gay jokes, cum on guys.
It dispenses more easily, and efficiently than bars. .Wait, yours is better.
Remember kids, rape is only funny when it happens to men in jail.
Or involves clowns.
What about male clowns in jail?
"nobody likes a circus that makes your butt hurt"
but what if it's the greatest show ever, and the seats are just uncomfortable?
Circus
The one I heard was:.What does a Jewish pedophile say?."Easy on the candy kid"
That's not even remotely funny. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
No jew. Just not funny joke. Even the cherry pop joke is funnier. 
Negative, I'm not offended by this as I'm not jewish. It's just not funny. 
Maybe this will make you laugh ... How do you fit 100 jews into a car? 2 in the front 3 in the back and 95 in the ashtray.
I can Nazi why that is funny...
even this is from the dark humor thread
Keep em coming. 
You straight fucking stole this from that dark humor thread.
Honestly I didn't. I think I saw it on fb a few months ago. Definately not my joke.
omg. I lol'ed and now I feel fuckin horrible. Thanks op. 
Good. Not super great. Good.
My grandfather died in Auschwitz too. Some Ass hole fell out of a guard tower onto a guard and caused him to fire at my grandfather : (
Old joke, magnificently told, wasn't expecting that end.
I thank you good sir!
About halfway in, I wondered if it just was a magnificent build-up to the old guard tower joke. Was not disappointed.
My grand father died in Auschwitz too. Some Ass hole fell out of a guard tower onto him.
Yeah mine too. He died in Auschwitz after breaking his back trying to carry two dead officers to the crematorium.
I always heard it as you can't divorce her because she has bad teeth "I didn't say she had bad teeth, I said she's fucking goofy" .In my opinion much better. 
Like we haven't heard this one before. How bout posting a joke that's oh I don't know not so old?
I always heard it has" you want to divorce your wife because she is extremely silly?"."No! Because she is fucking Goofy!".
ugh
How about, instead of whining, you move on to the next joke? Or you could post some original jokes..I'd heard this one before, but I'd forgotten about it. It's still funny, and I for one don't mind that it's old.
She really screwed the pooch on that one. 
In the UK the term "Goofy" mostly means having buck teeth. So in the our version it's "you want a divorce 'cause she's got buck teeth?"
Gooby pls
I've heard it as "fucking crazy." I think it sounds better that way... This is one of my favorite little jokes. .Edit: I mean something more like this:.Mickey Mouse was crying when Donald Duck asked him "What's wrong, Mickey?" Mickey said, "Minnie left me." "Why would she do that? Is she fucking crazy?" "No, she's fucking Goofy!"
well it seems like the judge just wants to rephrase it. I don't think there's a judge in the world that would rephrase 'fucking goofy' to 'fucking crazy'
Yeah, that's not what I meant. I like having "is she fucking crazy?" "No, she's fucking Goofy," because having the 2 fuckings makes it a more phonetically amusing joke with the double meanings.  
I heard it where mickey is in a bar, not a courtroom. Bartender says "so she's a little crazy, big deal." Mickey corrects him.
oh well my take was that the judge already saw from papers or whatever that his reason was 'she's fucking goofy' and wants to reiterate to clarify. But I guess having a judge that can be so crass would be amusing too
except crazy isn't a disney character.which means there's no joke
sputnik_ means "fucking crazy" instead of "crazy" not instead of "fucking Goofy"...
I've heard it like this:
Mickey: Minnie I want the divorce!
Minnie: What? Are you fucking crazy?
Mickey: No, I'm fucking Daisy.
Ah, my childhood
I don't Quite get it.......
Beautiful
A buccaneer is another term for a pirate. A buck an ear is the price he pays to get his ears pierced. 
ah.. thank you, kind sir
No problem buddy. 
[deleted]
I dunno, I think there's womb for improvement.
Hysterectomy?

I loved this joke
Unexpected... I like it, hahaha.

wow thats funky
It was called "Moral of the story; don't fuck people." I was so confused and yet I saved it anyway...
"Death...by exile!" 
yeah.. but its filthy in there.. they never take the white trash out.
all you really have to say for the punch line is "nobody has any rice to throw"..also, replace north Korea with Ethiopia 
well, he's fucked.
Yeah, the doctor really screwed him that time.
What a dick.
What a pain in the ass...
I hate it when a doctor is so anal about his work.


Why didn't you just buy her a baby goat?
Ha
Why not p***y houses?
Because that's not what they are called?
1- too obvious. 2- "cat house" is a common slang term for brothel. "Pussy house" may also be a slang term, but I've never heard it. It doesn't sound classy enough for a place you go to pay a girl with daddy issues to have sex with you.

right there with ya
The son owns 2 brothels
This is Reddit, not grade school. Nobody's going to put you in time-out for saying pussy!
Oh, I didn't mean pussy, I meant potty. Like a port-a-potty. Like poop.
Upvote because poop
Took me a while, so for those of you who didn't get it, the son owns a brothel..Edit: two, in fact.
Now I feel proud that I immediately got it although I'm not a native speaker :D
I know that feel.Virtual high five!
Thought this was gonna be a Hillary Clinton joke, but still I wasn't disappointed. 
Your mom.
I think it's just you.
Can someone explain this one to me?.I know who Walter White is, but I didn't quite catch the reference.
You're goddamn right.
I thought this would be a joke about staying out of his territory.
in one of the episodes early on in the show, he got mad at skyler and threw a pizza on top of their house

Its amazing he got that in one take!
This belongs in 
I still voted for Pedro. 
How long are you gonna keep milking these jokes?
Once ppl like us stop mooving these threads to the top spots by posting puns. 
They are udderly terrible
Q-what do you call a cow jumping over a barbed wire fence?
A-utter destruction!
I told the cowculator joke to an old man in Portland and before I could get to the punch line he said "one and an utter and an utter and an utter". I thought that was a great punchline as well as yours. Thought I would share. :)
Q: What do you call a cow with no legs? A: Ground Beef. Q: What do you call a masturbating cow? A: Beef Strokenoff.
What do you call a cow with two legs? .Lean beef.
Awkward moment when I posted that exact same joke a few weeks ago...
Looks like reposts work... I missed that one
I call a masturbating cow your mom.
Trebeck!
What did the tie say to the hat?.You go on ahead. I'll hang around.
Scarf chimes in, "I'll just hang around"
What did the bra say to the hat?.You go on ahead, I'll give these two a lift.






You're killin me
Good stuff.  
It was nothing to Crowe about.
Actually hilarious, this is.
I'm so glad you made this joke! I had a buncha friends who were really into it, and I was like "Les Mis? More like .!"
Get this joke I do not.
The short pronunciation is pronounced "le mis" similar to "lame is" if you say it out loud, 
Thanks!
That's...kinda sad
"Timmy was your least favorite anyway." 
I'm currently at pediatric cancer camp with my son and am conflicted by this joke..And leukemia really is a bastard.  
Assuming this is real, not just something made up for karma, my best wishes. 
Thank you. 
The username . makes me wonder.
Ha.Hadn't heard that before
15 minutes and ten minutes...was that on purpose or just an oversight?
Perhaps for 5 minutes they were doing something else?
Oversight I guess should've proof read the joke. :D
ok, thanks for the fast response.
No problem just happen to log on.
and even at this point, the post wasnt fixed...need an invitation bro?
Fixed now.
Change forest to subway after hours and grass to subways tuna salad?
Change flash light to gas lamp and woman to gay man?
I was thinking, "When he reaches the top of the border."
I haven't heard this before, so I guess we can blame you until the end of time
I think this joke was posted a few days ago
Headless Necrophelia? It went OKAYYYY...
Ohhh. Shucks
I find this wording works better because it takes them a second to figure it out and the delayed reaction is always funny.
I agree with you totally dude
It's the teacher's first day at the new school. A boy comes into school 15 minutes late for class. The teacher asks him where the heck he's been.."I was up on Honey Hill."."Sit down. You have detention.".Another kid comes in 20 minutes late. The teacher asks him, "And where the hell were you!?"."I was up on Honey Hill."."Sit down. You've got detention too!".A third kid comes in 25 minutes late. He has the same excuse.."I was up on Honey Hill."."You've got detention also. 25 minutes!".Finally at half past 9, a young girl comes in.."And I suppose you were up on Honey Hill too."."What are you talking about!?" she says. "I am Honey Hill."
No dutchies for a month?
Omg till i got it, it took me so long
Mason?
No cock for a year!
I meant no roaches for a year. Marijuana joke
Ohhhh I see
I heard it as the dad kicks the cat...
Each month with a cute picture of a cat
here i was thinking it was some basketball reference. like how a basketball star misses a game winning buzzer beater... boy was i wrong...
Right in the childhood. 
I love the joke <3.Forgive me if I'm wrong, but I feel like the joke would be nicer if the Pope would have a reason for the "wrong faith" in the set-up for the punchline. Something like "A very distressed Pope walks into a synagogue"
Is the Rabbi Mike Tyson?
He was just trying to get the hell out
[deleted]
Holy down votes batman.
WHAT DID HE SAY? WHERE IS COMMENT RESTORING BOT WHEN YOU NEED IT?! 
-44(15|59)
Well that doesn't seem worthy of so many down votes... 
Thank you, good bot sir. 
the pope walks into a synagogue and the rabbi says, "im a dirty jew with a big nose who likes money.FTFY lmfao
Nicely played.
Impersonating butter? I'll bet you're the toast of the town!

Well as long as you don't get baked.
Just make it a little less cheesy then. 
I don't get it. Explanation please?
Amazing.
You guys need to stop churning these out
Do you want to hear a butter joke? Well too bad, you might spread it around.

I thought this was about butters.
Relevant: 
I highly appreciate this joke
I'm using this. 

I just can't believe you're not butter!
But her impersonation is so much better!!
Real smooth
It makes me angry how much I enjoyed this joke. 
You butter not tell that joke anymore.. It might spread.
I don't get it. You're on a roll, but with what? Maybe impersonating a roll in a show?
I told them to stop margarine-lizing me.  
But,... her?
Jokes about dairy have gone off recently...
Your impersonation may be spot on, but your kitchen floor doesn't lie: Parkay. 
What is classified as a good pun? Like every pun I hear there's hate for it. 
This is a good thing to say when you're playing competitive sports with your friends and to fuck around just say "I must be butter cause I'm on a roll!"
This most definitely belongs in ..

but i cant cause now Im on a roll..I usually don't correct/improve the syntax of other people's submissions but I like this joke and... I dunno.
There's no such thing. Puns are one type of joke that everyone either loves to hate, or says they hate them but secretly love them. A few are open about their love for puns. If you tell a pun, most likely the reaction will relate to one of the first 2.
Came here expecting .. Left disappointed.
I read this in Butters voice (from South Park)... makes the joke a bit more subtle, but his voice is just too funny.
That is so horribly, utterly, disgustingly bad... It's kinda good
"I'm on a roll" could refer to him being on a bread roll,( like butter.) - as he cant stop impersonating butter..Or it could refer to impersonating butter going well/smoothly for him. (idiom- on a roll), that being why he can't/won't stop. 
they shouldn't MARG(AR)IN(E)alize your talents
too late. 
Reminds me of the quicker and funnier...."Call me butter because I'm on a roll" or with emphasis...."Call me buttah baby 'cuz I'm onna roll"
Bread roll! Thanks, totally didn't think of that! 
I believe this country should have stricter gun control laws. 
Are you seriously not aware that not all of us have the same sense of humour?
This joke's going to spread.
Not only that, but i'm actually going to repeat this to friends multiple times today....how's that make you feel?
This joke is terrible. I thought you were butter than that. 
Well it's the most I dairy to do
At this point you're just milking it.
Admitted, It was kind of cheesy
The way you Kraft your puns is udder-ly ridiculous.
Yogurt to stop making these dairy puns before someone makes a cream joke.
You're grate at this but I think you should quit it before ice-cream.
Did you hear the new joke about butter??.I butter not tell you, you may spread it.
.
I'll conduct some.. Err... Research...
Also r/3amjokes

Your mother needs to stop impersonating butter. She spreads herself too easily!
Man butter doesn't even spread easily. Edit: I guess in some climates.
OH SHIT  
They're crazy. Your impression was so good, I couldn't believe you weren't. 
Shuttup fatty! (I suck at jokes)
She might claim she was on a roll, butter jokes are not that good.
You must have a vivid imargarination.
He was good, but only by a small margarine.
Ignore the haters.  They're just trying to margarine-alize you.
This made me gasp.
Oh...oh...that's so bad.

I'm just trying to not let the hate keep churning.
I can't believe it's not over.
It just keeps spreading...
Ok seriously, that butter be the last pun.
I dairy to tell one more. 
Oh I couldn't. It's definitely be worse than the last one by a large margarine.
I can't believe that this is still going on
Lard, lard, lard this has to stop.
Guess that's what happens when you try to milk it.
Suppose so. But he dared me.
Grooooaaaan _
But the good kind of groan. The one that ends in a chuckle. 
The kind of groan that gets you karma on Reddit.
Except my chuckle was directed at my own terrible sense of humor for liking this.
Your username gives valid support on your sense of humor _
Bingo
That is not that person's name-o. 
ew
_
Can I have my pen back now?
A real question though about the game.  Can you take a dive when you weren't actually hurt?  That would add a pretty cool mechanic to the game.
Actually yes.
I love this.
Terrorists don't want to go to Miami
Why are there accents on the e's in "Jews"?
Seinfeld! Four!
What fruit is this about?
Dis knittah is a foreigner.
dey took are jerbs!
OP, you got some 'splainin to do
Lol! Funnier than the joke!
heh.
alternate:
alternate alternate:.did you hear the energizer bunny died of sexual exhaustion? they put the batteries in wrong and he just kept coming and coming and coming...
alternate alternate alternate: .did you hear that the energizer bunny was charged with rape? 
he just kept going, and going until the cops got there.
I don't believe it - you shouldn't charge energizers !
It's funny because you don't need an opener to open a bottle of champagne. 
perhaps they should've forgotten the lighter for the weed?
If you've seen ., you know this isn't necessary either...
actually I've only seen bits of the Comedy Central version...so unless you're talking about the "I'm freakin out man" part, I dunno...but I still don't think I get as high from eating, say, a bowls worth compared to smoking that bowl...
...and yes, I do want to watch the full version, just never got around to it...but I might torrent it some time this week.......
Sorry for the bad story telling guys, my english is bad and I have forgotten most of the joke (except the punchline), so I had to create most of the story.
naw man, it was a good joke. +1 buddy.

Ah, where did you pirate this joke from?
RE-FREAKING-POST
*who asked

Most days I'd laugh at this. But on the day after the Voting Rights Act was gutted by the five Supreme Court justices who clearly do hate black people  (including the black one), I am not amused. 
I've heard the same joke only with a white kid covering himself in black paint and delivering I've only been black 5 minutes and i already hate white people.
Either way, its a good joke!
/R/-FREAKING-JOKES.They're all "reposts".
"So what did you learned today?"."Don't waste flour to look white!"
So apparently this joke brought out all the Somalis on reddit. 
They bank in Somalia?
change black people to niggers. 
Get off the internet Paula Deen, you're drunk.
A thread on . yesterday.
I read it as "breaking bread".
a.k.a. Sex
I didn't know Paula Dean was on reddit. Would you do an AmA? You can talk about buttah all you like.
How topical.
I'm black and I found this joke hilarious
Never seen it before. I laughed.
Funny!
i thought i was in . for a second...
Paul Mooney said this joke on one of his specials, but it was with white white people and chocolate frosting. Way better.
Stolen from dark jokes thread yesterday.
[deleted]
Well, I understand your position, but I never said I made the joke up, I only defended my position about not copying the joke from someone on reddit, of course I didn't make it up.
haven't heard this one before good joke

I heard this joke before but it was with chocolate frosting and white people. 
Also works better this way
[deleted]
Because in this variant, it is also a metaphor on institutional racism and what it entails. It gets an additional layer.
Thank you for putting this in words. I thought it seemed a little backwards, and that is exactly why. 
Good work stealing this joke from the AskReddit dark humour thread and replacing the word "nigger" with "black people".
Believe it or fucking not, Reddit isn't the centerpiece of the entire fucking world and jokes actually exist outside of the shitty AskReddit repost threads you frequent..You dumb cunt.
Except it was the first time I had seen that thread, and I don't frequent AskReddit, and I've seen this joke reposted HERE many times.
And yet you still bitch about it..Shut up cunt
Alright then Mr. Internet Tough Guy
Says the guy acting like a big fuckwit over seeing the same joke twice..Fuckwit.
Well, I haven't read that thread so I didn't steal it, but I guess I fucked up since people do not enjoy reposts. Should have read through that thread before posting, I'm sorry..
But, what point would I have in stealing this joke? If I did it would be for the sake of spreading the joke, since there is no karma for self posts.
I totally agree. I still have yet to see how this was a repost. I liked the joke and had never seen it before here. Everyone is saying it's a repost but no one linked to the "original". I liked it OP!
People still hate reposts.
People are also getting tired of everyone whining about reposts. Reddit's been around 7 years or so now, everything's a repost unless it hasn't happened yet.
Everyone here seemed to enjoy it..So it looks like it's just you and the original complainer. Maybe you can both go and fuck yourselves 
And that's why I said sorry for not noticing it was a repost.
You don't need to apologize, some people (like me) haven't heard this joke before, and it gave me a few laughs. Plus you seem like a pretty cool person too. 
I've heard this joke before (Well, a variant of it) and I still got a laugh out of it.
I would share this joke at work, but I don't want to pull a Paula Deen.
Switch the races, then. I think it's funnier that way anyways. 
I like your style.
This joke is too smart for the Paula Deen type people.
This is not at all what I'd call an intellectual joke. 
That is not what I said at all
[deleted]
Too*
You got me. I don't know the difference. You are just operating on another level.
I don't think this joke really works if you cast it in a country where the blacks are the majority and where institutional and cultural racism of a majority (white people, as in America and much of Europe) is prevalent.
I agree.
Perhaps South Africa?
That would work.
You sound like a blast.
I am, actually. But it is common in this sub to help people out with their jokes / punchlines / etc. and that's simply what I was doing.
Thats just like saying 'knock knock' jokes don't work if you dont have a door. Why you so stupid?
knock knock.
who there?.
Politburo.
Politburo who?.
Never mind I'm raping your sister already.
Who's there?.Door.Door who?.Door installation specialist.
Wait, if there's no door, then why would you need to ask who it was? You'd see who it was!
You don't know every single person by face, do you? 
He would have a uniform and a tag on, wouldn't he? Unless "door installation specialist" is a euphemism for anal rape.
Hint: it is.
Why somalia?
Because black people?
Good joke but I think you forgot add a word.
And so did you.
I most sure did, it happened because I reworded that sentence and just forgot, thanks for noticing!
What was it before?
Something like "To try and play white".
Accidentally removed one word too many
Obviously a joke because the dad is still there
I loves me a racism onion
I love it too Kappa
Because of the fact that 85+% of the population there are black and most people know this?.
So in simple terms, for simplicity and for the sake of the joke
It's also good misdirection because people expect a starvation/pirate/unending violence joke
But they don't have flour in Somalia, they're all starving.
Oh, snap, nice one sir!
Makes it even more probable that his family would slap him ... for wasting all that flour !!
also adds to the hate for the "hwite" boy for blacks being greedy 
From Somalia. I confirm, and the ones whom aren't black are arab or white missionaries. 
"white missionaries." do you know anything about Somalia?
I too watched black hawk down.

But I doubt they add up to 15% 
Something something bananas rice pasta joke
Also macawis and canjeero you forgot.
i thought the title was the joke, since somalians dont have food
And grandparents.
I thought it was going to be a rocket propelled grenade joke 
I thought it was going to be "so a mother is baking in africa, they clearly ran out of bread".
I though it was gonna be something like "because she was lost in the desert"
Is almost true, only in Latvia no have food at all..Somalia is hallucinate from malnourish.
Potato 
Such is life
Ba dum tss
I thought it was going to be a pirate joke
ARRRRRRRR'nt you disapointed 
A little... Oh shit, I'm late for my ear piercing appointment! They're only charging me a buccaneer. 
I thought it was going to be a drug joke
I thought it was going to be an AIDS joke.
Twist. That white powder isnt flower.
You're right, it's flour!
Fuck. Oh well i dont feel like changing it.
I'm glad you don't, because that would make my comment look really stupid.
Or maybe better. 
decent joke but horrible formatting
Your horrible grammar gave me cancer
Repost, and horrible grammar/formatting.
Repost, and horrible grammer/formatting.
 FTFY
It's spelt grammar. Not grammer.
Correcting grammer/grammar is pretty tricky. You never know when someone is being sarcastic or not.
'Tis true.
Correcting grammer/grammer is pretty tricky. You never know when someone is being sarcastic or not.
 FTFY
I couldn't have phrased it any better, thank you :)
I see now. Thank you for your sarcasm.
hah
at a hotel in Berlin, his friend Gordon Morgan was having similar problems when he arrived for breakfast.
I know there's something in French, Je'mapple or something right? What does it mean? Thanks. Downvote all you want, but at least give me an explanation.
 is French for "My name is" so he'd be introducing himself by saying . which sounds a lot like how . is pronounced. 
Well now I feel stupid. Thanks though.
The exact translation is 'I call myself...'
No, you are wrong. It literally translates to "I myself am called".Don't correct someone when you are wrong mon ami.
Don't, there's no reason to assume everyone understands French when telling this joke (read; as a Spanish speaker I was just as lost as you).
They're train tracks! 
Well done! . !
I normally curl up into a ball and weep silently.
I yell "fuck!"
You know, in life sometimes its hard to be a master at more than one thing. .Look at Liberaci, he was amazing on the piano but sucked on the organ...
Sorry for the delivery, kinda tough to type this one out
Were is . when you need him :c
I'll fill in the need, in his absence...Liberaci was gay...need more?
Watson is overanakyzing the situation while he fails to notice the obvious- their tent is gone 
No shit, Sherlock.
Elementary, my dear Watson.
 haha
 . 
A newly wed couple are too shy to ask each other for sex, so they come up with a code word. "When you want sex, just say, 'Honey, let's do the laudry.'" The system works great, but after the honeymoon, the excitement wears off, and finally one day the wife says, no, she doesn't feel like 'doing the laundry tonight.' A few minutes later, she realizes she might have hurt his feelings, so she turns over and says, 'Actually, honey, let's do the laundry.' He says, 'Don't worry about it. It was a small load, so I did it by hand.'.-ba-doom tssss-.A newly wed couple is shy to ask each other for sex, so on their wedding night, they come to an agreement. She says, "Honey, if you ever want sex, just reach other and squeeze my breast once. And if you don't want sex, reach over and squeeze it twice." To which her husband replies, "And if you want sex, reach over and pull my penis once. And if you don't want sex, reach over and pull it 300 times."
I read this and paused, confused: "The only way to pull a quickie on a Sunday afternoon with their 8 year old kid..."
Any parent of young children will tell you that popsicles are rookie shit.  Disney movies are the prefered method of distraction.
Grandpa? Is that you?
FWD: FWD: FWD: Hilarious tips, just for golfers! See you at the office, Dale!

Q. What do these jokes have in common with a golf ball?.A. The sound they make as they go over my head.
Clarification: I do not sport.
No left side, so he's all-right 
This joke is so old.

This joke is so old Crystal Harris just tried to marry it...
Wait, I said it wrong. This joke has been told so many times that it's turning clich.
Why wouldn't you write, "he's all right now"?.Not only does it make more sense in the context of the joke, but it's correct.."Alright" isn't actually a word. 
Relax.. It's just a joke. I'm not looking for an English award here. Perhaps you could find more suitable jokes at r/correctlyspeltenglishjokes. I really don't understand people like you. 
This is also Bullshit...You speak of grammar, but shouldnt " Not only " be paired with " but also "...
No. That would be semantics, and I don't see why "not only" wouldn't work. .But maybe. I don't claim to know every rule of grammar. Still doesn't make "alright" a word. 
"alright" is very much a word...
It is not. It's a misspelling of "all right.".Just because people use it, doesn't mean it's right.
I can't believe we're still having this argument..The word "alright" has . 126 years. It's a word. Language is allowed to change over time. Grow up and stop being so pretentious.
Ha. That got nasty pretty quickly. And I need to grow up?.I'm a writer. I'm all for the evolution of language. But no respectable style guide uses "alright" and I would never get anything approved using it. .Because it's not a word. .Sorry.
I simply don't understand why people are so stubborn about things like this? You used the word "right" to mean "correct," when the original definition was clearly only referring to a state of virtue..Do you not realize the entire English language is bastardized nonsense? There is no ambiguity using the truncation in this case. There is no reason not to, except for pseudointellectual pretense.
Altogether and already are words, so by analogy, so is alright. .From a linguistic standpoint, if people use it, then it is a word. .It is descended from Old English "eallriht", so it's not new..It has entries in freedictionary, oxford, and merriam-webster.
Oh dear lord. I did not mean to enter into a full on debate over linguistics, but you just put forward SO MANY awful points..So... yeah. I was trying to improve your joke and your grammar. But clearly you don't take well to criticism. 
Back in my days, I remember in language Class we had something called colloquial terms....You are using an ellipsis, why is that? and . should be . should it not? english is not my first language, and yes I admit the fact that I dont care much about grammar and punctuations etc etc., but you brag you are a writer, you criticize, as if your hands are clean of filth. .Not that I have something against you, but its just so annoying..especially this statement.What do you think OP is saying if its not a word?? Bullshittery? Then how did you understand it? and how did we understand it?
Sigh. Again, I wasn't trying to get into a big debate here, but ok.."Back in my days, I remember in language Class we had something called colloquial terms...".We absolutely do. And again, I've already commented in here that I have NO PROBLEM with people casually using "alright." That still doesn't make it a word, but who cares?.The reason I brought it up here is because it made no sense to me. Why not use the right term in this case, because IT ACTUALLY HELPS THE JOKE.."but you brag you are a writer, you criticize, as if your hands are clean of filth.".I don't brag that I'm a writer. It's not a big deal to be a writer, though I do think it gives me some credibility on the subject. I would never, however, claim that my hands are clean. I make mistakes all the time..ALL the time..And I'm sorry that "number 4" bothered you. But I fail to just give in on something that is just true. I understand what you meant when you said "bullshittery," but that's not a word either..In summation, use "alright" whenever you want. I really don't care (unless it's in publication, then I might be snob about it). .My issue here was that you're using the wrong term when the right one makes the joke better!
a term is not a word?
I"m actually perfectly fine with using "alright" in casual context. Any editor is going to give you shit for it, so I'll always keep it out of professional writing, but I have no problem with using it on reddit..But I just found it so odd in this context, as my original comment said. Why not use the proper "all right" when it actually makes the joke much better..If I was just correcting someone on a technicality in a joke, then yes, I would be a douchebag. But in this context, I stand by my comment.
If I was an editor I'd give you shit for using a quotation mark instead of an apostrophe in the word I'm.
Rightfully so.
You're pretty smart for a toenail clipping
Alright so.
Haha. I'm very relaxed. See my thread with the other guy. I'm not usually so particular about "all right" vrs "alright," but in this context it's not only correct, it actually makes the joke better. .Just some constructive criticism. 
got it only after toenailclipped. 
Alright is a word, All right means its ok, alright means ok ill do it. RETARD ALERT
First of all, that's just not true at all  for a few reasons..For example, by your definition his punchline becomes:.He's ok I'll do it now..And second, "RETARD ALERT"?.Really?
Who cars?  You're just a toenail clipping anyway.
I can agree with that. The separate words would probably work better in this context. I was just annoyed by your insisting that alright is not a word.
Well, agree to disagree on that one.
Which is good, because when the doctors first got him, they said they didn't think there would be much left. HOHO!
Sounds very Hedberg-esque..
I think it works better without the word "always."  Kleptomaniacs don't "always" take things, they "often" take things.  .If it was just "It's hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs because they take things literally," the statement would be true from both interpretations. 
Honey badger just takes what he wants
Downvote for karma whore.
Omg I have heard this before. It's blatantly obvious that the OP scours this subreddit every hour of every day and is aware of the extreme dismay they will cause by reposting this joke that they obviously stole from some other subreddit that like everyone on reddit has seen and memorized. The bastard.
Are you saying that OP is a Klepto?

Yeah, I think you're right. It's also more concise, which is usually good for humor..I had thought about changing the perspective to first person - like "It's hard to explain puns to my kleptomaniac friend because she takes things literally". What do you think?
yea that's good, just make sure you include "my kleptomaniac friend"
Oops, yeah of course.
This was the first time I have heard this joke and I very much enjoyed it!
Actually a friend of mine texted this to me last night and I thought it was hilarious.
not funny
they take things, literally.
This one got me good :D well done!
That you Carlos? 

Had to think for a couple of seconds to get from the "Huh?" stage to the sudden realization..It's summer. Why the fuck are you making me think during the summer, you monster!
Okay, that was pretty clever!
and posted on here multiple times in the past month
Clearly if it's been posted here in the last month, everyone has already seen it /s
Sorry, I was snobby but I've seriously seen it on 4 different threads in the past month. It's good, I'll agree 
I don't get it....EDIT: I get it now.
Try it with punctuation.It's hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs because they always take things. Literally.
nice repost!
You kleptomaniac....Kleptomania is a mental disorder giving someone an overwhelming urge to steal, or take, so they literally take things..If you don't understand a pun you take a joke literally. They literally take jokes. Because they're kleptomaniacs.
Literally.
So that's why there's no text in OP's post?
They don't take jokes literally. They take things literally.
Correct.  Jokes are abstract and unable to be grasped in human hands in the literal sense.
Literally =/= physically.  That being said, if the klepto retold the joke, claiming it as original material (hi, reddit), he would be literally stealing only credit for the joke.  (I'd download a car.)
What about Mr.Bean's dick?
Literally taken.
Or a laffy taffy wrapper. or a book of jokes.
Or an arts degree?
It's like a meta-meta-joke because you stole it from that AskReddit thread.
Stole it from my cell phone when a friend texted it to me. Knowing her I'd say she stole it from tumblr. Not everything is intentionally a repost.

That post had some good jokes but the vast majority weren't "intellectual". Unless reddit's idea of an intellectual joke is one that has a couple big words in it. Even someone who doesn't know what a kleptomaniac is could easily look it up and immediately understand the joke. 

He got reddit gold :\
Why do we care about joke "reposts". Aren't most of the jokes we tell and hear taken from someone else who heard it from somewhere else, etc?.What a buzzkill it would be to have to hear the listeners cite sources every time they were told a joke.
At least for myself, I don't mind reposts per se so much as things I've seen before. I think Reddit handles it perfectly well: people who have seen it before or are other wise bored by it can downvote, people who like it can upvote, and it'll end up where it belongs.
Which itself was a repost of this tumblr I believe. 
Which I believe is a repost of when that guy told his friends that joke. 
Which I believe is a repost of when he thought of the joke. What a whore.
Which I believe is a repost of when his brain heard the joke in passing. Is anyone not a scumbag? 
We need to go deeper....
Jokeception. 
That's what she said.
The response ".", was perfect.
It would have been perfect if the OP was dogdiarrhea
"no further questions, your honor"
"Those shitlords are making rape seem ok with their jokes."
I'll bet ya ten thousand bucks!
Why does Marx's toilet play music when it flushes?.Because of the violins inherent in the cistern.
Complete sit, this joke. 
here's one of them .If youre watchin a parade, make sure you stand in one spot, dont follow it, it never changes.
This one was always used by my family at Disney World. "I think we have a serious problem. I just had a fella walk up to me asking what time the 3 o'clock parade started"
Isn't that just common sense, more than a joke?
A man is walking down the street and he sees a line-up of men following a hearse. He asks a passer-by what's going on.."Apparently some guy's dog mauled his mother-in-law to death."."And he has this many people mourning his mother-in-law?!"."No. This is the line-up of people who wanna borrow his dog."
A funeral parade?
Isn't most Mitch Hedburg mostly common sense? 
Mitch Hedberg had a joke or 2 on parades. You can look them up (hidden somewhere in his bits on youtube that I cant devote a lot of time to look for cause I'm at work) or I can probably butcher them by writing them here
If you're watchin' a parade, make sure you stand in one spot, don't follow it, it never changes. And if the parade is boring, run in the opposite direction, you will fast-foward the parade..Fantastic! As a Mitch fan myself, I'm ashamed that I didn't think of this. Kudos frisbeat!
Glad to be of assistance. And glad to find another Mitch Hedberg fan too - today's a pretty good day!
And this one: "People in a parade are cocky. They think theyve attracted an audience, but really its just people waiting to cross the street."
not very original :/
Yeah I was thinking it was a super obvious joke that must have been told ages ago but I never saw it on here or had it told to me in person. 
Because the TSA confiscated his scissorhands.
This joke is Garbage!
You have no idea how much I wanted someone to say that.
It's negative Karma to not attribute a quote to the original speaker. nudge, nudge, wink, wink.
Fixed.  I feel like a better person now :)
Shouldn't it be - "We're looking for someone who is responsible ."?
Everyone needs a fall guy. 
That's what my Dad tells everyone about me. "[HappyRotter]'s a very responsible young man! Anything goes wrong, he's responsible!" then he sits back and laughs. Hardy Har, Dad.
Funny joke!:)
"Hi I'm looking for a job"
"Hmm, we don't need much help right now..."
"Perfect! I won't be much help"
The manager fainted.

Lol
My last boss said I'm good for two things - good for nothing, and good for shit.
lol what if he applied for the NSA and accidentally went to NASA 
[deleted]
My father owns a shovel? 
 is that way, friend ----->
What the fuck is up with that subreddit?

Wait, are you . as well? Did you just steal a downvoted comment and post it here? I'm so confused...
[deleted]
"whaaaaaaat"
How's being a dragon?
Surprisingly repetitive. You're like the 30th person to ask me that question.
Are there actual genders with dragons or does everyone lay eggs? .Also, if there are: can a male dragon change is sex like a clown fish if the need arises? 
There are drakes and dragonesses, and no, we can't change genders.
Crazy world, this reddit
Haha what if none of that happened?
I love people like you. You make scrolling through shitty comments so worth it.
I love the shitty comments simply because it's fucking hilarious to stumble across "lol what if he applied for NSA and accidentally went to NASA" and it gets absolutely decimated by downvotes. Makes my day.
Are you sure you're replying to the right joke?
Turn back. There are no good comments to be found.
There are like ten comments though.
I really should start listening to people that say this. 

What the fuck is all this?
And almost all of them suck.
Why is it that pretty much every joke thread contains someone chiming in with some variation of "then they fainted" and "turned out to be Justin bieber"?  Is this something that was at one time was considered to be a humorous reply around here?
Sometimes it's just sort of entertaining how damn irritated everybody gets...maybe that's why they do it.
Yes, for a period of 19 hours in August of 2012. 
It's meant to be a joke on the fact that a lot of these passed around jokes . always seem to end with "so-and-so fainted".
Ah, those were the days.
Glad that instead of creating a good comment you took out the time to simply point out the 7 other comment chains as bad.
Why did I look ;_; why? 
I don't want to say I told you so but... I 
All we need now is that Nazi joke novelty account.
I did nazi that arrow to the knee!.Ps. This is a parody please don't kill me I didn't mean it.
would have upvoted, but the ps killed it.
would have downvoted, but the ps saved it
"We're looking for someone responsible"."Well hire me, and I'll help you find that guy."
We Got a Recruiter Here People!
Or if you're familiar with the corporate world: ."We're looking for someone responsible."."Well hire me, then I'll hire someone out of grad school for peanuts, and have him find you a responsible person. Then I'll take the credit, you'll give me a raise, and I'll lay the grad student off just after he pays the downpayment on his house!"
I smell hostility.  My assumption: this happened to you
Someone give this guy some Reddit Gold. He rivals the wits of sir Sherlock Holmes...
Shut up
Ha, fortunately not to me, but I do have a corporate job and it blows my mind how many people get paid to do absolutely fucking nothing.  Hundreds of thousands to millions wasted on labor paying people that serve little to no purpose or just don't actually do anything.
Got one of those Jobs for me? Ill actually work hard but it would be nice to have no pressure...
Try getting into something like expense approvals or incident/accident review. All expense approvers do is review submitted expense reports, read through them (bill the company for that time) then, more often than not...reject them for some tiny error like that you then have to fix. Then you resubmit, they review all over again, they bill their time again...you get the idea..OR accident review board...a special kind of useless.  One of our drivers got in a minor fender bender with someone. No damage to the company truck, damage estimate on the other vehicle was about 1k, all cosmetic. FOR TWO WEEKS these people went back and forth with him and his supervisor asking the same questions and making them fill out various paperwork. Where it happened, why you were there, etc.  ALL THEIR TIME is being charged to the company.  Then you have to have a conference call with the accident review board...it lasts 2 hours and you don't actually really get to talk.  They just basically cite policy, tell you how you messed up, and then ask you some yes or no questions.  All in all it probably cost upwards of 10-15k in charged time (conservative estimate) for all these "managers" to handle a very minor incident. With how old our work trucks are, we literally could have purchased an entirely new vehicle for what we paid fixing a scratched bumper. I mean god damn.
I get paid an average of $5 per poop. 
$15 the morning after Taco Tuesday.
Twisted Taco has $2 tacos on Tuesdays and a discount for the company I work for. .So yes, 30 minute mornin' poos are a common Wednesday thing. 
I'm at a local place called Mex right now...where I have come to know all the staff. $2 tacos, $2   Tecates on Tuesdays. So much Wednesday fire beer poops.
work for a Global Investment bank...can confirm!
FYI: the same thing happens in education.
And retail. 
ugh...I know too well.  There are two VERY old ladies in the registrars office at my undergrad.  As far as anyone can tell they serve no purpose other than to sign grad check forms.  They are there every day of the year, never touch a computer, never look at your record/transcript...probably get paid more than I do.  Just one example I know about.
I feel you, friend. I used to be a student assistant in an office like that. I basically did a woman's job for her after they figured out I could use excel and Photoshop.
Only when a school is built like a business.  
But prevented from collapsing like one.
What like a bank?
Absolutely
We take sqrt(69). We know that sqrt(a)= sqrt(b*c) two factors of a, where b is a perfect square. We can simplify this to sqrt(b) sqrt(a). There are no perfect square factors of 69, so it is just simplified to sqrt(69). It is approximately equal to 8.307. 
I read ''sqrt'' as ''squirt''. 
Gosh I am such an immature person. 
Thanks Drake.
Did u start from the bottom?
but we can try to work it uhhhh
No dude, he started from Degrassi. Lol
Everything is bigger in Texas.
A drummer
oh wow, nice!
I see what you did there. 
Why? Cos!
tan and sin are trig functions
Because ladies love the trig.
I'm not sure this family is really cut out for farming.
That made me laugh harder than the actual joke. X)
And then the mother kicked the father in the nuts.  He died. 
That was a long way to go for only a minimally-amusing finish. 
And then the mom just kicked the rooster in retaliation
Thats what she said!
No, it's okay, I'll walk you out.
Only if I get a cuddle
Hey! Wait up. I'll come, too! 
He doesn't get any.. pussy 
You must be a blast at parties.
"intense" is a pun for "in tents" because you camp in tents
Yes. I wanted to be very sly.
good will hunting? i didnt even watch it, but people keep saying this joke is from there.
Mic not Mike. 
Is this a true story?
No, but it works better if I tell it in the first person. 
That's because people assume it's a true story if you tell it in the first person.
Yep, that it is where I got it from, but according to snopes it actually goes back quite a bit. And the movie is really good, if you have some down time, I would recommend it.
Wow Op, This is great content. I've never heard this one before.
Reference to the movie "Independece Day" since today is July 4th 
"

My hamster actually got stuck UNDER his wheel and died when I was 9, so this is only half funny to me. It was a rough day. 
He wheel be missed.
Depressed with the fact that he could fight to get ahead, but no matter how fast he ran, he went nowhere, he got drunk and took the wheel.
Shit got dark fast. 
Jesus took the hamster too. Someone's gotta feed the snakes in purgatory. 
Jesus take the wheel
He said, "Jesus, give me the wheel to go on."
I didn't know Jesus could drive
The grammar... It hurts
i'd take a motorcycle over a mercedes if i get to choose the model....is the kawasaki ninja available, lord?
The grammer... It hurts
 FTFY
Wow
*through
That's the only typo you noticed?
You may be the worst grammar nazi I've seen yet.
joke  ./jk/.Noun.A thing that someone says to cause amusement or laughter, esp. a story with a funny punchline..Verb.Make jokes; talk humorously or flippantly..Synonyms.noun.   jest - fun - jape - gag - trick - pleasantry - lark.verb.   jest - jape - banter - lark - kid - josh
I heard this one before with a hand full of nuts, because she wasn't able to chew them anymore.
What a daunting wall of text! Here I'll cut it to size with my joke chainsaw..3 guys are starting their jobs as lumberjacks. One the first day two of them cut down 60 trees with a chainsaw, while the Irishman cut down only 10. The same results happened the next day. Turns out the Irishman never turned on the chainsaw.
When I saw the title, I thought this was going to be the joke where Mick and Paddy, both looking for work, see a notice saying "Tree fellers wanted."."Would you look at that, tree fellers," Paddy said to Mick.  "What a pity there's only two of us."
Yeah I remember that one, I just couldn't really think of a good title so I borrowed it from that joke. 
this could have easily just been a blonde joke. whenever I see an Irishman in the joke I expect there to be at least a beer joke in there
Can a blonde cut down ten trees with a chainsaw that is not even on?
And no one laughed at the Irishman because he was ..
Yea. Not a man to be fecked with.
Yeah you better not feck, otherwise you don't know what might happen if the Irishman fecks with you.
Also the worst concert ever. 
That's why it's so cheap...
Thanks anyway, but if three drinks don't get rid of the taste nothing will.
Kind of like the taste of a good joke ruined by a moron flubbing the punchline.
Nothing wrong with my punchline, douchebag.
"That's okay." Implies he doesn't want, or need, the shot.."The first three didn't get rid of the taste in my mouth." Implies he wants, or needs, the next shot..There is, indeed, something wrong with your punchline. Douchebag.
I can't tell if he is talking about BurnAtlanta's or yours....
Or... He gave up. As in "no thanks". 
UPVOTE FOR U
Who would have thought pee tastes like champagne
Really bro? This isn't even a few days old and your reposting it already? 

Very good
I heard this joke from my sister. Could you link me to the post you're talking about? I tried looking for this joke but didn't find anything so I went ahead and posted it.
Never heard this joke and knew the punchline before looking. 
Amazing.
[deleted]
L'chaim l'chaim, on one on one. Ready? Break! 
yalla, bo-oo nekaseyach otam!
They use the Nickle to get the quartback
I had no idea racial slurs were still considered humor.
Ooh look out - we have someone who wants us all to know that they're offended.
Did the miss the memo? Racism is cool if it's an attempt to be funny? Seriously, why would you think this is funny?
Where do you see a slur? Also, quit whining. 
Well aren't you a special little snowflake! You can claim your trophy. at the reception. 
Wow that's so cool thanks!!
I don't understand. Are they using a nickel or dime defense?
The nickel and dime defence.....
What does this have to do with black and white balls?
Clearly it's about keeping possession.
Took me a moment to realise you were talking about American football. Please call it handegg, that way it's going to be easier for everyone to distinguish them.
Handegg sounds ridiculous. You can't just tell an American to start calling it handegg. 
And when a microwave tells you what's ridiculous, you listen. You got that people?! Ok that's settled time for my question...  .Does it tickle when people put metal in you?
Handegg just sounds silly. It should be football (for "soccer"), and American football. 
I thought Decalance was joking about calling it handegg. Judging from his upvote status, it appears others don't think so.
That's how it is right now, but most Americans call American football just "football".
In America, we just call it football. Internationally, we know football means soccer. .The rest of the world should also know that they call it American football, but here we lose the "American" in the same way in China they call Chinese food, food.
I figure everyone who is pretending to be confused about football/football is trolling. I have never in my life been confused about which sport someone is talking about. Ignore them, downvote, and move on. 
We call American Football 'Grid Iron'
That's a good name. Americans would approve. None of this handegg nonsense
English here. This took me a long time to get.
Not english, but same. 
English and I got it straight away.
whats the objective of atheism football?.to actually be smart and think for you'reself for once
To think for I am self?
If you could think for yourself once.
Don't fall for it guys. Just some kid out for summer trying to get downvotes. He even downvoted himself.
Huge spoiler for the Last of Us in his comment history. Be wary..Edit: found out its not true. Heart attack averted.
This is a surprisingly funny comment. Although I highly doubt he downvoted himself. But that's what makes the claim so funny!
When I saw it he had 0 upvotes, which means he downvoted himself. Check his history, this is all he does.
Wow, that makes it even more funny!
You must be new here! There's people like this everywhere! Stupid trolls... 
Why are Pakistan so terrible at soccer?.Because everytime they get a corner they build a shop.
Holy shit. My dad is from Pakistan and he owns a cornerstore.
Most of the cornershops in Britain are owned by South Asian families, for some reason.
 Mind= blown.
Did it happen from lighting your fart on fire?
I heard the Elton John version.  Elton walks toward a piano and notices George Michael following close behind.  George said,I am just coming to push your stool in."
Why do gays cry after sex?  Because gay sex is painful.
Gay jokes? Cum on guys. 
At least it's not fat jokes. Those people have enough on their plate.
For the love of god... At least it's not religious jokes!
I was gonna make another gay joke, buttfuck it.
hehe
That one took me a moment to get
Nice one, but I think the bear should tap him on the nose.
Would the fact that you can play tag with a polar bear not be a selling point for the pet shop?
That was great!
I've heard a similar joke, but it involves a giant gorilla and there's a lot of emphasis put on how much security the animal is put under, to make it seem more dangerous.
BOOP
LANAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!

I've heard a joke similar to this but as you tell the joke you extend it beyond all reason. Start with the chase around the house, then the yard, then all around the town, around the parks, down the highways, around other cities, down into other countries...keep going until your listening audience is bored, then yell "FINALLY, the man can run no more! The bear touches him on the nose and says 'you're it!'
Touch the person you're telling this to on the nose too for added effect.
Aye, also a nice version!
OP, you should post this joke to ..
That was...unexpected!
Like the Spanish Inquisition in that respect
like myself...I was unexpected too :(
What if ur facing east 
Explain?
They called the child North, North-West being up and to the left. :)
that should be "warm", but you would guess that.
I can tell this joke is going to be hot!
You can edit the text inside self posts, just not the title. 
Yeah...you're going to have to explain this one. I'm not very familiar with Dear Abby.
It's an agony aunt/advice column, where people write in for advice, usually for relationships. Hope this helps.
[deleted]
Oh, didn't I mention that in the original post? my bad...
Meh
Help...
Help me lord
You got a laugh out of this bartender. Well done.
He goes to another pub and drinks 10 pints so he can make sure he could. Then goes back and takes the bet. 
Playing on the whole Irish are a bunch of drunkards stereotype... 20 pints 
Sorry to be that guy, but it's Euros in Ireland. 
I'm very positive they have Irish Pubs in England as well
It was the Irish Pound until 2002, so the joke is probably old.
Could be Northern Ireland still?
It was actually 100 pounds of Euros. See, that's a lot of money!
Oops, right, haha... well, just assume that took place 15 years ago then!
That really made me laugh, and I'm not sure why.. Upvote for you
Oh my god, i think this is the funniest thing i have ever read on Reddit. I will be saying this to people for the rest of my days. OP, you have changed my life!
i feel humbled. mostly because i stole the joke
Reminds me of the old Gracie Allen joke. .I have an aunt who sees soup with her mouth..Your aunt sees soup with her mouth?.Yeah, she sees if the soup is hot.
"I see" .said the blind carpenter,.as he picked up his hammer and saw
Wow you made me remember this dumb thing we used to say in junior high, 
"I see." said the blind man, to his deaf wife, as their retarded children came rolling down the stairs. Dumbest thing to say, isnt funny, and i havent thought about it in 15 years. I don't know if i should thank you or not...
"I see," said the blind man who pissed into the wind, "its all coming back to me now!"
This is one of those jokes best told with the action of a brick. 
You know what's blue and smells like paint? A blue brick.
I thought you weren't supposed to post anti-jokes here that's more for .-jokes isn't it?
straight off roosterteeth... c;
Only regular jokes get posted in r/anti jokes. 
THIS is an antijoke because the punchline has no relation to the setup. It could be a blue brick or a blue horse with the same result. .The joke about the red brick is not an antijoke because it needs the brick answer to work; a red horse, for example, would not be bad for your teeth.
I only tell this joke after the brick joke, so I put it here. I have a couple jokes that I only tell together because they only make sense that way.
This sub reddit has a quarter of a billion subscribers, .0000001% of which actually vote. 
antijoke? still funny though.
Some face time with Sweet Lady Brick.
Not only is it an antijoke, it's one of the most upvoted posts on r/antijokes


Oh you poor confused bastard.
get a life
This made me laugh.....until I confirmed you hypothesis. Then I cried
Help?
By saying "Fuck him, give him a dollar," the husband meant that the postman didn't deserve anything. The wife took it literally.
And she threw in a free breakfast as well.  Which sort of adds to her naivete and makes it kinda cute. 
Not sure how I feel about the last sentence being there.
I think the fact that she thought adding a free breakfast to the deal and proudly proclaiming it adds to her naivete.  It works on that level.  She's simple.
Yea but the punchline is already out, the people should be laughing at that point
True.  But this is a rare double punchline joke.  Seldom seen in the wild.  Rarely executed.  .But honestly, I've seen people only laugh after the second line.  It takes them a second or two to get it.  .And, again, it just makes the wife seem so much more simple minded.
The breakfast fainted
Fucking hate that line at the end of jokes.
my eyes! they burn!
I agree. The stupid accents do nothing but annoy. 
Use cows for your joke.  
Cows with no tails would still be functional. I suppose you could argue the same for a donkey, but that's just how I got told the joke.
I love the interactive bit.
I really wanted to get involved. But as hard as I tried, I couldnt force myself to keep from reading before asking the question that was predestined for me to ask. 
Just pin the tails on the donkeys.
So you pin the tail on the ass of an ass right?
Yea, just look at Eeyore.
Same joke last week... except it was Vegan.
Oh gosh darnit.
Dammit can someone explain?
Stevie Wonder is blind. 
I have to downvote for the downvote mention.  I'm sorry.  
Someone moved the piano.
Fuck em if they can't take a joke!
he kept missin?
Up vote because I approve of stevie wonder jokes. Also, agree with you that he is a great composer 
A reporter is interviewing Stevie Wonder. They talk about all the amazing music he has created over the years and the incredible things he has done with his life and as a last question the reporter asks:
"But don't you wish you hadn't been born blind?"
and Stevie replies "Hey, it could've been much worse - I could have been born black"
Man, you had a good joke going until you bitched out on it.  
I did not see that one coming......
The joke would have been a lot better if you'd just left it on its own, without asking us not to downvote you. Guess what that earns you?
Neither did Stevie
alongwith Monica Lewinsky.
naw, they had to leave the dog at home.
wish i could give more upvotes
"My money's on Steve"?.Huh, Chinese love to gamble....
Chances are one of them is Muslim too. 
My money is on the younger brother Lao Huan.
Corny. I like it.
Because you wait 3 hours for a 3 minute ride.
Not if you have a fast pass...
ANALogy.
Because both are really expensive.
If this were an analogy, I'd hate it.
i'm totally bummed out i didn't think of that one
9 out of 10 people enjoy gang rape, you know.
Not if you have a fast arse..FTFY
Let's just hope that with anal 'everyone else' is just one person, because otherwise you really have a good fucking reason to hate it.
no
booooooooo
I laughed before I even saw the punchline
I hate when the punch line is the title...
what do you have against time travellers?
Why?
Now that deserves an upvote, well done good sir.
I'm proud to say it's my own joke

the shocking thing is that's a real subreddit...
Then . for you my friend. 
I can see Back to the Future without my computer
Hear Robert Duvall tell this one:
Robert Duvall is a god...
one of my favorites
I wish I got it... but I don't.
If they run, they'll be tired And only fuck some of the cows. The old bull, speaking with wisdom, knows if they walk they'll conserve energy and fuck all the cows. 
Ahh!  I get it now!  Thanks!  Thought it was something to do with like "Bull Run" or something else I didn't get the reference to.  
It's used as a business analogy a lot too.
How so?
Think of a restaurant as an example. I could hypothetically charge $100 for a burger that costs me $2, but I might only have one customer who buys it, so I make $98. But if I sell the same burgers for $5, and 100 people buy one, I just made a net profit of $300..Basically, don't fuck one cow fast and hard, fuck every one very gently. 
Actually there's another interpretation. The old bull is so old that he can't even fuck. In this case "fuck them all" means the opposite. It's just cussing of the old bull.
This is silly..I like it!
Reminds me of Leslie Nielsen
I read this going it wasn't a home like that I had to drop my cat off at the vet 5 hours ago to be put down. :(
Upvote this post to the heavens!
Have you ever seen a grown man naked?
I just wanted you to know, good luck. We're all counting on you.

Did you hear about the two antennas that met on the roof, fell in love and got married?.The wedding wasn't much but the reception was excellent.
[deleted]
I loved that but if you could just fix the formatting a bit it would be a huge help
[deleted]
Perfect! thanks!
Never understood this really.. you already read it. Are you really going to read it again after it's been reformatted or is it more of an OCD thing? Not trying to pick on you, just kinda curious..
Oh well the reason I asked is I'll show my friends jokes on reddit from my saved comments. However that format made it really hard to follow so by fixing that it just saved my friends and possible future readers some effort.
I spilled spot remover on my dog, now he's gone.
-Steven Wright
Heh..
Heh heh..
[deleted]
Heh heh heh heh...
Heh heh heh heh heh...
Heh heh heh he he heh...
Haaaaaahahahahahahahahahaha
Blah
That vet is the animal equivalent of the doctor from Arrested Development.
Came here to say this.
So much #
He reminded me of Dr.Hartman from Family Guy.
I wonder if this is the most consistantly downvoted phrase on reddit. 
After 8 months on Reddit you think he would've found the upvote button by now amirite?
(thatsthejoke)
We...lost him. We tried everything we could but he got away from us.
There is no invisible man, it's invisible woman.
Missed a you towards the end there but I got it and will be adding it to my list. 
I heard this before, but instead it ended with
I have too, and i think that is a much better punchline.
Spider-Man and the invisible man are marvel. Superman and Wonder Woman are dc.... They don't exist in the same universe. 
You just made me become "that guy."


Their is a comic when marvel and dc combine.
There*
I dont understand how you're getting downvotes for spelling.
good requirement for joke telling though!
Any prior? Sounds like immigration to Australia was a sentence.
I will assume you were unaware: It used to be.  Australia was a penal colony for people that committed crimes against the Crown.
No I get the joke, but aside from the punch line word prior seems unnecessary in this context of immigration and suggests that you are interrogated for an actual crime, not interviewed at immigration. I doubt they would use such phrasing.
Well aren't you PERFECT!
oh ok
I shared this with workmates on an open Skype chat today. I got two (facepalm)s.
haha.. well not everyone gets the humour XD
...wut
what's up B (wasabi)..
japs.. u know.. 
Oh. I get it now

Please explain. Sorry and thank you. 
Pretty much - with a particle, the more you know about the particle's position, the less you could possibly know about its velocity. So theoretically, as the cop knew the particle's velocity, the particle's position was completely unknown. ..
ah, I read this yesterday, and I didn't get it! thanks for the response!
Heisenberg uncertainty principle
Scarecrow.... Scarecrow.... Scarecrow....
Hell, they gave one to Obama, why not a scarecrow?
Not black though. 
Also made of straw.
Why did you repost this? Seriously, I'm not pissed or anything, I just really would like to know the reason.
Because I didn't see it on the front page!
I swear it hasn't been 20 hours yet...
For the karma of course!
You don't get karma from self posts, and he hasn't commented on it yet.
No other site has karma, and people still love likes. It's for the following.
Yeah, you're right. Sorry.
(Not sarcastic)
This joke was posted not 5 days ago.
It was on r/jokes front page last night.
I was incarcerated and missed it, and therefore currently appreciate it. 
And it was written better
I like my women the same way I like my Mexicans....hard working and underpaid (even better no condoms).
I like my women like I like my poodles. Shaved, and on a leash.
I like my women like I like my coffee - in large cups.
I like my jokes like I like my women: ancient and reposted a thousand times.
There's the real joke ^
Please find one example of where this has been posted before
All over the place
The man asked for proof son, you best oblige. 
Oh, so because he doesn't know how to use the search function, I need to jump to it? How exactly does that work?
Meow mix meow mix please deliver.
Dear NyQuil012,
You are formally invited to show us how to use the search function.
i'm surprised "dental bridge" wasn't the punchline, although i like "tooth ferry" better.
Why oh why are there large black bars here? Do you like the big black cock all up in your mouth like some bubblegum? 
So those black bars remind you of black cock's. Which leads directly to you imagining them in someones mouth. Is there something that you need to talk to us about.
It's a spoiler tag. Mouse over to see what they are.
Please, can anybody explain it to a not native speaker?. I'm bad with the word games.
A frayed knot (afraid not) its a play on words, a pun. 
Lol nice dude
No. Just no.
Ah I get it now, thanks.
One of my favorite jokes
one is electromagnetic radiation within a frequency range that the human eye can perceive, the other is the quality of having a relatively high resistance to being pierced
But I can't do either..I need to make them both go away.
That's awesome! Lol
Giggity...
Man who walk sideways onto plane going to Bangkok
Now that's a good one!
A seal walks into a club!
Didn't see that one coming.
.... I see what you did there.
Well played.
The bartender asks "What will you have to drink?".The seal says "Anything but Canadian Club on the rocks"
op i thought yours was better 
What did the blind man say when he walked into a black bar....Ow
And its companion joke: two blondes walk into a building--you'd think one of them would've seen it.
This one's better than the OP.
missed a key plot point, imo...after taking his head out of the gators mouth, he then inserts his package, and this is where he starts hitting the gators head...when he removes his still-intact penis from the mouth, he asks the crowd for a volunteer...
Now that you mention it, I think that's how I first heard it too. I don't know what happened in the years from then and now, but for some reason I'm finding the image of him sticking his head inside another human's mouth to be funnier. :D
and depending on the blonde, shed still probly be able to fit it.....
Sexist jokes are not funny because they are sexist. They are funny because they are jokes. Which this isn't. 
I feel like 8 should be stricken from the record, because there are too many boxes with scores on them to ask either question
Just goes to show this list was made up in the early '90s at least. Fox started putting the score on the screen when it got the NFL in 1994 or 1995. 
manlaw needs to be updated for 2013!
As a water polo player, i must suspend rule numbers 11 and 13. 
I feel like that . a situation of mortal peril...
As a man, I must suspend your man card. 
As a male gymnast, I too must suspend rules. Such as, not being able to watch Men's Gymnastics.
Couldn't agree more with #22. Bigger mistake is missing that opportunity

I propose we remove the line "both urinating" from rule 20. That shit's awkward as hell.
Why is this funny?
there is a button on your keyboard with 'Enter' written on it..please learn to use it.
FTFY
much better :)
Sorry dude. I'm on iPad and every time I try to format it, it goes back to that. I tried, I tried!
Double "Return"s
You forgot the cardinal man law "if it doesn't fit shove it". It may have even been how the universe was created.
If its not broken fix it until it is.
MEEP
MEEP!
You know this joke is old because it claims that there's something to see when Angelina Jolie unbuttons her blouse.
Damn dude..Too soon. Those were a great pair of sweater puppies.
A straight line?
or a geodesic in non-euclidean geometry
Hilariously simple
I'm confused. Was that a rape joke?
I think the joke is that every woman OP sees is a virgin. 
so you took the virginity of every girl anywhere who isnt faster than you. shit
Now that... is kinky
New to me! It took me a second, though, bc I wasn't sure if the teller was supposed to be a woman or not. 
lol
One of them is given sainthood and named as John Paul.
Yep :)
That was funnier than it should have been.
I was expecting a naked boy to walk in
was he also black?
Yep.
repost ( the other one had monks
Shouldn't it say former and not latter? Latter would imply the women are the subject
The priests are last in the previous sentence
Ah you're right. My reading comprehension apparently isn't the greatest before I go to sleep
It gets better just right after you start snoring away. ;)
I have heard a ending where the priests one by one get sent to the shower after their bell jingles. Finally the last priest is there and the beautiful woman is trying harder and harder to get him aroused. Finally the head priest tells him he has passes and told him to go to the shower....... Jingle jingle jingle! 
When I clicked on the link I expected the punchline to be something like "And 9 have molested children."
Made me laugh...
made me blow air out my nose....
Made me expel air out of my nose faster than usual
Made the screen appear pixelated to my eyes.
The screen . pixelated!
each reply has less upvotes than its parent.
Give me downbotes
[deleted]
0/10
Jeez. I see you everywhere.
Never have I seen a man with so many down votes. 
Oh God, September can't come fast enough....
I feel like I'm missing a reference...
1999 puts him at 14.
I find it mildly annoying that:.a) You assume s/he's not trolling, which is almost certainly what s/he's doing.b) You assume the 1999 in his/her username is his/her birth date.c) You assume his/her age is automatically something negative.I mean, seriously. That's a dick move. A big one. I'm well aware of all the stereotypes but stereotypes are not a good thing..Mini-rant over. Kthx.
I'm just trying to explain what CyanogenHacker was on about, not stating my own opinion.
Dude, you're so fucking brave!
(n)brave(n+2)me
i'm probably really late but i've been seeing lots of comments like this lately. how did this start and what exactly does it mean?
Its an equation to reply to a 'so brave' comment; normally it's 2brave4me.
It started out 2brave4me (or 2edgy4me)..Then some people started saying 3brave5me (because it's like 2brave4me but +1).Therefore the formula became (n)brave(n+2) where n is any number greater than 0. Though I suppose some people could start saying -2brave0me, at which point n is any integer. Dear god I hope n doesn't become any real number.
brave+2me
-32857brave-32855me
Close enough
Obvious troll is obvious
Keep him at 0 karma to piss him off.
Always my strategy 
Is funny joke! Should tell to komrades in r/LatvianJokes while work in gulag.

What is wrong with you? That is not a joke and if its a true story is actually sad. I don't really care about offensive jokes, but this isn't even a joke. Depressing.
If this is true then you should cross-post to ..
...or the most brilliant way to break up with a girl.
What??
Sure thing. Can I get you a snack?
She shouldn't have given him the cold shoulder then.
I posted this a while ago but it .. Oh well.
it's a poop joke!
It's okay.  They all get repeated.  I like the food fight one best I think.
Ate her out one last time
Why is shit tapered at the end?.So your asshole doesn't slam shut.
Science!
Mine is spherical. 
For some reason when I read this my mind thought "cannonball" and I didn't get it because cannonball's don't have asses. I am not a smart man
I originally read it as Hannibal. Still same joke.  
What does a blonde say to a cannibal on their first date?   "Eat me."
Nice to . you.
Definitely a repost, but still a good joke.
I read cannibal as cannonball at first, and was extremely confused. Silly brain.
Saw that one coming.
Reminds me of:.How do you know if you've passed an elephant?.The toilet lid won't close.
Did you hear about the Cannibal that went hiking? He passed his buddy on the trail
Every fight is a food fight when you're a cannibal!
The bar tender says, "we are full, there isn't much room". 
Had me smiling all the way to the kitchen, have an up vote :)
Wow, talk about late to the party. 
Person 1:Knock knock..Person 2: Who's there?.Person 1: George Zimmerman's defense attorney..Person 2: George Zimmerman defense attorney who?.Person 1: George Zimmerman's defense attorney who was all over the news for opening with that joke two weeks ago.
how do you stop a French tank?.shoot the guy pushing it
This is actually a compliment, i mean can you push a tank by yourself? ;)
Booooooooo.. . . .. 
So they can assess the effectiveness of their non-tactical withdrawal.
Yep!!!
Why do French soldiers do push-ups?.So they can hold their hands up longer
Upvotes for you sir! I found this hilarious.
How many gears does a French tank have? Five: four reverse, and one forward in case they get attacked in the back.
well...well...well...come to st..st...st...utter therapy
I heard a different version of this (sorry it's really long).It's the height of the Cold War and the leaders of US and the Soviet Union decide to call a meeting to see if they can reach some sort of agreement..The Soviets suggest they should settle things with a good old fashioned dog fight. The Americans agreed on the terms that they each have three years to find the nastiest fighting dog in their country..The Soviets waste no time.  They head to the harshest part of Siberia and capture the biggest, meanest wolf they can find.  They then contact the largest dog fighting ring in the country and buy the nastiest most vicious pit-fighting dog they could find.  They breed the wolf with the pit fighting dog and then take the strongest pup from the litter.  This vicious pup is then trained for the next years by the greatest scientists, Olympic trainers, and dog fighting experts in the Soviet Union.  The dog is pumped full of steroids and every other substance they can get their hands on. Finally, the Russians were confident they had created a monster..Three years had passed and the day of the fight had finally arrived. The Soviets took their beast to America where the Americans had assembled a giant dog fighting arena..The Soviets released their crazy wolf-dog and it immediately rushed to the center of the ring and began foaming at the mouth and pacing back and fourth, ready for a fight to the death..On the other side of the ring, the Americans released their dog; an eight foot long dachshund!  The Soviets didn't know what to think. Why would the Americans choose a dachshund, albeit, a very long one?.Showing no fear, the Russian wolf-dog charged at the dachshund with tremendous speed.  The dachshund lazily rolled to the left to avoid the attack.  Undeterred, the Soviet's monster charged again!  The dachshund rolled to the right, narrowly dodging the attack.  The beast-dog was furious and dove at the dachshund in one, frustrated last attempt.  The dachshund opened an enormous mouth and swallowed the wolf-dog in one bite!.The Soviets were shocked.  They went over to the Americans.
"Well done, you have defeated our best dog.  We spent years breeding, training, and developing it.  It appears all that effort was wasted.  We have been defeated.  After all that work, would you mind telling us how you managed to win?"."Well," replied one of the Americans, "Sounds like y'all worked pretty hard training that dog of yours but it took us three years to make that alligator look like a dachshund!"
you should post this to . too
This is an anti-joke, the normal response it "a park bench can support a family".
lol 'normal response'
I think this might very well be the funniest thing I've read on this sub.
Glad you like it Alice :)
So good in my brain perception right now
Glad you like it :)
Carl Spackler: So I jump ship in Hong Kong and I make my way over to Tibet, and I get on as a looper at a course over in the Himalayas..Angie D'Annunzio: A looper?.Carl Spackler: A looper, you know, a caddy, a looper, a jock. So, I tell them I'm a pro jock, and who do you think they give me? The Dalai Lama, himself. Twelfth son of the Lama. The flowing robes, the grace, bald... striking. .So, I'm on the first tee with him. I give him the driver. He hauls off and whacks one - big hitter, the Lama - long, into a ten-thousand foot crevasse, right at the base of this glacier. .Do you know what the Lama says? 
Gunga galunga... gunga, gunga-lagunga. .So we finish the eighteenth and he's gonna stiff me. And I say, "Hey, Lama, hey, how about a little something, you know, for the effort, you know." And he says, "Oh, uh, there won't be any money, but when you die, on your deathbed, you will receive total consciousness.".So I got that goin' for me, which is nice.
It's amazing that Bill Murray did improv for all of his lines in that movie.  Unbelievable.  
I think that speech was one of the only scripted bits though.
The Dali Lama visits a New York City hot dog stand. The vendor asks him how he wants his hot dog. The Dali Lama responds, "Make me one with everything."
The vendor gives the man what he wants and the Dali lama pays with a twenty. The vendor pockets the twenty. The Dali lama says "what about the change?" The Vendor replies, "change comes from within.".The Dali lama then reaches into his robe and pulls out a glock. The vendor is shocked and says, "What happened to inner peace?!" The Dali lama says,"This is my inner piece".
I read that as "pulls out his cock" lol
witty
Or a combo of a repost and a out of place punchline
I wish i could read
Lettuce forget this joke. 
Abra used teleport! It's super effective!
if only I could think of a clever Pokemon to use growth in response to this...
I dunno about you.. But my Metapod just used harden. 
I wish all that useless pokemon knowledge I learned as a child could be useful today, but all its ever good for is a good pun to post on some random ass sub forum. ....here I go again, I beedrill'in my opinions to everyone like professor oak drills ash's mom. 
No one likes me D:
If it's drinkable, I'd put $10 in the jar, take the whole handle of vodka. Fuck the Challenge, I already won.
I cringed. Holy shit...
Seen this joke a few times, there's a version with a rabid dog and an old gross hag instead of the crocodile and the gymnast. At the end the guy asks "where's the bitch with the bad tooth"
Captain Obvious please
Are you asking for the meaning? He was so drunk that he screwed the alligator, cuz he switched the tasks.
I just sex. You just sex. We all just sex when we can.
The bar was set high with [OC], and I cracked a smile. Well played, OP.
"orange that just sex"?.A nymphomaniac orange?
*had
Doesn't matter, had sex.
FTFY
I noticed that but couldn't figure out how to edit the title. 
Don't care about title, it was... Orange-inal? 
 that's good!
Your like some kind of a prophet...
Unfortunately, that's impossible. I wish there was a function to do that.
The sad thing is that it was true.
How does a guy get a girl to eat shit?.Physical force.
The awkward moment when a comment has more up votes than the actual post. 
Right now it has 10 more
Pictured the man as Morgan freeman, made everything complete. 
A guy hails a cab at the airport and tells the driver to go to a certain address. When he gets there he sees a beautiful three story townhouse in a upper-class part of town. He knocks and an attractive woman opens the door.
"I wanna see Natalie"
The lady looks the man up and down, he clearly doesn't have a lot of money.
"Sir, to see Natalie you will have to pay $1,000 for half an hour"
"No problem, I have money"
Just then a gorgeous brunette in a black evening gown comes down the stairs and the guy looks at her
"Natalie?"
"Yes?"
"I want to spend a little time with you"
She smirks at the man's appearance
"It will cost you $1,000"
The guy takes out a roll of cash and hands it to her, they go upstairs, do the dirty and he leaves half an hour later. The next day the guy is back, he knocks, the madame opens and is quite surprised that the guy is back
"I wanna see Natalie"
"Well it's still $1,000"
"O.K., I have the money"
He shows her the money, he goes upstairs, hands the money to Natalie, spend half an hour poking her clam and leaves.
So it continues for three more days, after the fifth day Natalie turns to him while he's dressing and says
"You know it's the first time that somebody came back so many times; where are you from?"
"I am from Michigan"
Natalie sits up. "Really? I have a sister in Michigan"
The guy grins and replies "I know, she gave me $5,000 to give you"
My ex is name Natalie, and we're from MI. No she isn't a whore, she's very classy...
You could really turn the joke dark (not necessarily funnier) by adding "herpes" at the very end.
[ALTERNATE ENDING]
........
Natalie sits up. "Really? I have a sister in Michigan.".The man replies "I'm sorry to tell you this but your sister died a wek ago. Your sister wrote you into her will for $5000."
Dumb.
I was thinking leaves as in the plural of leaf and had no idea where that guy is poking until I realized it is leave as in the verb leave
This reminds me of a short film which has the same premise. 
There was only one to give.
I think this version of the joke doesn't work as well as the man who needed to pay or deliver money to someone's wife. The wife is in a dilemma and couldn't tell her husband knowing she exposed herself to another man for money. Prostitutes, on the other hand, can.
The only Natalie in MI.
My favorite character is the cab driver.
That was one hell of a twist! Well done
Your face is a twist.
Your . is a twist!
What happened to the taxi driver?

The sister knows Natalie is a hooker and wants her to stop, so she sends here 5k....the funny part is that she got the money by way of prostituting herself.
This would have been the best explanation, imo
Quite the joke 
reminds me of the . (of bridesmaids, pitch perfect, etc.) 
This reminds of the short film...Oh never mind 
why is the part with the cab important?
meh, theres a better version of it..Replace Natalie with a married wife. .Replace dude with friend from her husband.....The husband gave his best friend 5000$ and he had to pay it back. .etcetcetc..This also explains the >why does her sister gave a random dude 5k$<
here is nearly exactly the version you prefer 
Yeah I know that variant, wife answers door in towel is offered 100 for a quick peek. Works a thousand times better, is shorter, and is believable. .Plus the woman in question isn't a fucking prostitute so there's an actual emotion involved. This man could have paid this woman anytime.
Never heard it before. Made me lol. Upvotes all around.
I read that in George Sr.'s voice
scumbag redditor: upvotes all around / gives one upvote

It gives more varsity to the main character's story that he traveled to a foreign city, a city in which the sister couldn't have given the money herself, and needed to take a taxi to arrive at Natalie's place of abode..Edit: veracity is what I meant. I can't spell and auto correct doesn't help on iOS.  
"Varsity" does not mean what you think it means
I . he meant veracity... But it's hard to tell... Fuckin varsity, lol.
I think he meant variety but spelled it with an a like variaty and put the a before the I and autocorrect corrected it to varsity. Too much of a stretch?
It actually seems more likely on a phone's autocorrect, since the letters are closer.  We might have to ask surfinfan, though, to be know for sure.
He also said "place of abode," so all bets are off with this guy and English.
Yeah sorry guys English is my first language. It's sometimes very difficult for me to use it. 
Updated. 
That is exactly what happened. 
Let's say you owe your friend 1000$. He wants to get rid of his old car, so he sells it to you for 1000$. Do you consider the debt repaid, since you did give him 1000$, even if that was payment for his car? 
Yes.
no you would owe him 2000$
What? No, you still paid for the car, you would only owe him the original 1000.
sorry misread, thought he gave the car for free expecting money later, but i can't see how would he sell his car for 1000$ when he should recieve that money for free.
No I wouldn't but with sexy time I'd feel less guilty since she still has the product. Once the car is sold it is yours but you can only rent the roast beef room not buy it! 
How about a lawyer? Or an accountant? 
I guess that would be ok with me but lawyers and accountants get paid decently and probably wouldn't be whoring themselves out. 
No, but you see, it works in this case because prostitutes are dirty women and bad people, and therefore not entitled to payment for their goods slash services.
Heard this same joke many times with many different scenarios.  
funny. it's very similar to 
Who's the woman in that? I know her, but I can't put my finger on where I've seen her before..EDIT: Daisy Haggard, she was on a couple of episodes of Doctor Who! THAT'S how I knew her!
She was Sophie in the episode where the Doctor was Craig's flatmat.
Yes, but I like touch your boobs better because she is getting ripped off for doing something she should not have done. Plus she is then has to decide whether or not to tell her husband. .Natalie is just trying to make an honest living (It never said where this is, it could be legal.) (What if this were our favorite whore from Firefly??? Would it still be funny then??) Furthermore, the culprit tells her himself, giving her the option of retaliating directly. Who knows, maybe she is a Texan and is packing heat. Really, instead of being clever like the guy in the touch your boobs joke he just screws himself over by telling her.
No, because you already owed him $1000 and he could've sold the car to someone else.
But if the car is worth 1000$ then it cancels out and neither of them lost or gained from the transaction
Uh, the guy obviously gained a car and the other lost a car then... 
I'm not sure if you're saying the debt is still owed or not. The debt is still owed.
He had agreed with you. Im not sure why he said it like he did.
The word "but" is what's throwing it off for me, I think.
Too bad the pimp took half

Upgrayedd with two "D's" for a double dose of pimping
You see, a pimp's love is much different than that of a square.
"Jesus, Collins..."
Gator don't take no shit!
Where is that from?! I recall hearing it before.
The other guys. Had will Ferrell and mark Wahlberg in it
Oh man that was pretty funny, thank you.
This is the only movie I have ever gone to the theaters to watch twice. I'm gonna watch it again later tonight...
Shit I was going to bed now I got to watch . 
Gator always makes his bitches use a jimmyhat!
Ok.
I've heard different scenarios with this joke in them.
I've heard a lot of different situations with jokes in them.
I've heard a lot of jokes with different scenarios in them
Alright, someone please tell me why the sister gave him $5,000. I just can't figure out why this is funny.
originally, it was a lawyer, and it was an inheritance for $5k. So the lawyer fucked her 5 times or whatever, and then explains etc..
cuz she wanted him to have sex with her sister 5 times
It's funnier if it's her dad instead of her sister.  It's more likely a parent would give their child some money. 
Yah, makes no sense, and since the joke hinges on that happen, ruins the joke. Nice try though.
The sister probably thought/felt she as son financial trouble and told a friend of hers to giver her sister 5,000 dollars. She explained her job and etc, and he went out to get her. He decided to have sex with her to give her the money.
Oddly enough, my father told this joke at the family dinner table a few weeks ago. We all had a good laugh, but he told it that the man was the sister's lawyer, and the sister had died and left her $5000.
Now . would be a good joke.
I wonder if this is the original version of the joke. OP's version seems a bit flimsy. Why does the sister decide to send $5000 to Natalie, who just so happens to be a high-priced prostitute, via some random sketchy guy? We get the punchline, but the general flimsiness of the premise distracts from it.
She owed her sister $5000.
Without fail, there's always someone who needs the joke explained to them. Someone please explain to me why this happens!
Honestly, I think it's a shitty karma grab/troll. The fact that there's ALWAYS someone who needs a joke explained, no matter how simple it is, really grinds my gears. They're either incredibly dense or trolling.
I guess we just can't all be as perceptive as you.

What is your opinion on Scientology?
We get the punchline, but the premise is flimsy. Why does the sister decide to send $5000 to Natalie, who just so happens to be a high-priced prostitute, via some random sketchy guy? The flimsiness ends up distracting the listener from the punchline, and the listener wonders if maybe there's something they missed. .U/the_monologues mentions a version where the sister had died and left Natalie $5000, and the guy was her lawyer. I wonder if that was the original version, because it seems less farfetched to me.
The delivery is less than perfect, but it's not terribly difficult to put two and two together and figure it out without having to dissect the joke to the point of exhaustion. That was my point. It's just a damn joke.
Her sister knew the guy and trusts him apparently to send the money to Natalie. He uses this as a chance to sleep with her. . That was difficult.
This is what I figured, but it's not particularly funny. Given how excited people were about this joke in the comments I assumed it was way more clever than it was.
id have to agree came here to laugh read all that didnt laugh.
Please tell me more about your daily laughing escapades, I'm surely not the only one that's 
o man something else i read that was supposed to be funny but wasnt. :(
Well, it's an old joke. If it doesn't catch you off guard, it won't be funny.
It caught me off guard as much as any joke would. I just thought I didn't get it because the punchline was so weak. Seriously, this joke sucks balls.
No, in your opinion it's not funny. I had a good laugh at this.
Well, I wish I had enjoyed it as much as you.
I see him trollin', They feedin'
Amusing joke. 
Undoubtably... 
It's so, mesmerizing.
Haha said the german man.
That would make him The Ein

 German
Sir calm down. This is the internet.
You mean . down 
It just so happens that Natalie's sister wanted to give her $5000. It is supposed to be funny because the man in question took advantage of both of them in return for sexual gratification.
Oh. I assumed there was a reason why she would just randomly give some guy $5,000 to give to her sister. I got the taking advantage of her part, but expected this joke to be way more clever.
And why the woman asked for $1000 for sex as if this was a regular occurance?  Why didn't the ask why this strange man was there in the first place? 
simple maths, man. 5 days he came, $1,000 each, spent his sisters money like his own to have sex with her instead of just handing the cash over. Clever boy he is
He was friends with the sister.  There. He's not some guy.
it's just the idea of actually physically sending a friend out on a money lending quest, even if they were going there of their own accord, is a little dated..nowadays you just do an instant electronic transfer, and the guy wouldn't be necessary.
The royalty on sending something Western Union or whatever isn't zero..But beyond that, I mean, c'mon.
Shady people still deal in cash. The fact that the sister is a whore in a brothel would suggest they might be a little shady.
... Why is that hard to get? The sister knows the man and the fact that he lives in the same city as Natalie, but the man does not know Natalie. The sister needs to send Natalie money but can't get to the city, so she gives the money to the man to give to Natalie when he returns to the city. He does so, verifying the trust she put in him, but not without taking advantage of Natalie's ignorance. .Joke makes sense. Joke is clever. 
He probably wasn't from the same city if he came from the airport. 
that is far from clever. 
Giving $5,000 to someone is pretty fucking unusual. I'd definitely want to know why.
So is a fucking horse walking into a bar, it's a fucking joke.
But that's not the punchline.
No, the punchline is my fist in your face..You wouldn't be laughing, but I sure as shit would.
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? Ill have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and Ive been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and Im the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. Youre fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and thats just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldnt, you didnt, and now youre paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. Youre fucking dead, kiddo. 
That escalated quickly. 
Well, that's fair. Sometimes you have to be unpleasantly surprised! 
Underwhelmed. 
Up vote for "poking her clam"
[deleted]
I'm a libertarian and I'm telling you to stop spamming this shit. It's annoying and makes libertarians look bad and is not true libertarian views. 
Yeah, you're in the minority.
This isn't Facebook. Go away.
As a libertarian I think its evil to ever wish death on someone. The firemen may have been working in an imperfect system, and maybe we need to change that system, but ultimately they were just doing their best to serve their fellow man. They lost their lives defending us, and even if it could have been avoided, and even if a private sector solution might work better, we still need to honor their sacrifice and remember them for the brave men that they were. Saying good riddance is not appropriate. 
Happy to torch your house for you. Then you can complain about the government officials who suck money from taxes saving your house and maybe your life
Wow, fuckyou and your whole family. 
It's gonna be really conflicting for you when your house burns down. 
I, my husband, and my three sons all practice fire safety in our home.  We'll be fine, don't you worry.
Yeah, pretty sure 3 untrained individuals couldn't douse a house fire. But okay.
Gtfo and stop spamming this shit on these threads.
OK keep your head in the sand
How did I miss that? Haha
something tells me you miss a lot of clam poking opportunities 
Oh you 
True story. 
It's alright man. We think you rock!
Bummer, but it would have been a rocky relationship
Next time try being a bit boulder.
When you rub it , it grows......
That's kinda what I thought. I now stand behind my original assertion that it is a stupid joke. Thanks.
Yup. It's wank. 
Aw, come on. I thought it was a pretty swell joke.
After a while it grows on you
That's brotherly loaf
When he stunk up the jungle he blamed the smell on his brother one last time.

Fuck that child rapist
He would like that
How are Michael Jackson and tuna fish similar?.They both come in little cans.
Hehehehehe
MJ is a saint, don't you talk about him like that 
Great, now I have Dr. Pepper coming out my nose!
more like a catholic priest than a saint.
Uncalled for
R/antijokes
It would be funnier if he was an atheist
The "wait" part kinda kills it as it is obvious what the assassin is trying to do after he ask to blow the guys dick off
unsubscribing to . because of this joke.
Please don't hit me but I'm not sure I understand :(
Variation of this:.A scot find his wife in bed with another man. He completely flips out, get his gun, puts one bullet in it and says "Now, get up and stand behind each other."
For the man to only need to pay 1000, the assassin would need to shoot both the wife's head and the lover's penis.  So if she were performing oral, the assassin could do both those things with one bullet.
I think it would be improved if the assassin takes a shot and says something like, "Done, that'll be $1000". idk
And nothing of value was lost.
STUPID joke !!!!! :)
Shut up, Meg.
Of course the assassin wouldn't want to save the customer $1000 as he'd be shooting himself in the foot and losing money but still a good joke. Bravo. 
The wife goes down on the man and the assassin uses one bullet to shoot her in the head and him in the dick.
Wouldn't he just be a hitman? Assassination is for political gain. 
I bet you're a blast at parties.
haha, have an upvote
That bothered you but not the fact that Good Guy Hitman was giving a client a $1000 discount?
Meg?? Shut up 
Billy connolly told that joke except it was funny
Not funny. Down vote 
Would I then be considered a terrorist?
...it's funny but not "ha ha" funny...
the punch line is that she was giving the guy a blow job - isn't that crazy?!
Farewell. Don't let the door hit ya in the ass on the way out!
Good Guy Assasin: Tries to save you money by killing . two people with one bullet
I thought it was gonna end up him being a jerk and doing something douchy. Funny joke 
Why wait two more minutes?.I think it would be funnier without that bit, but maybe I'm missing something.
Foreplay.
ooh :D.But if the blowjob is the foreplay, that translates as his wife being more "whorey", and thus makes the delivery more impactful. What do you think?
No, because he is whipping out his dick and helococktering, and she is moving in with her mouth, maybe two minutes is a little long, how about one minute then?
It would just be funnier if there was no waiting.
Wouldn't be very accurate if he didn't sight in the gun after attaching the scope...
je ne comprends pas. qui a expliquer ?
;


This got upvotes.  Americans are obviously all drunk.  Happy 04/07
What's special about April 7?
Not sure if you're kidding, but in case you weren't pretty much every where but america they put day/month/year, instead of our month/day/year, so he actually said July 4th
I was joking... :)
A little puff of air came out of my nose.
funny 8/10
I've always heard this joke with rednecks hunting.
-Jeff Foxworthy
Stole it
I know this will get downvoted but I don't think this joke really works. It's not surprising. He already knows his wife is cheating on him, the fact the guy is getting a BJ is meaningless. I prefer the other version someone posted where she's cheating with 5 guys.
I'm surprised I had to scroll this far down to find this comment. My sentiments exactly. .His wife is cheating on him, but she's sucking his dick too? Shocking!
I think the funny effect is merely because it makes you think about it, and when you realize the only possible scenario that could save a bullet, it's a funny arrival at that realization.  For me what didn't work is the idea that an assassin would try to save his customer $1000 by making a difficult job even more difficult.  
That makes it sound like a riddle rather than a joke ;)
This is the only sub i tolerate reposts because here they cannot generate karma and are made only to bring a smile to the rest of us
Are you making fun of me?
heard this even before Larry the Cable guy said it on his stand up.. nobody else remembers?!
Ron White said this was his favorite joke.
For a second I though he was a photographer and he was taking "shot" of the dudes wife and his best friend.
How do you get that when the word 'assassin' is in the title?
For a second. I felt stupid after..
I've heard it with the guy hating his wife for cheating and his best friend for abandoning him, and while getting the wife he says he can save him $1000, so it's more of a twist to the joke. .Either way, I haven't heard it in a while and I laughed. 
I've heard this in a different form on Blue Collar TV.
I heard that told but in a boudreaux and thibodeaux style.  still love it.
Well played.
There is a Czech movie where a similar scene was depicted. Guy goes in to buy a gun, the owner of the gun shop lets him try it out and in the process of doing so he sees the wife cheating on him. The owner gives him a clip and tells him to shoot the guy in the dick and to shoot his wife's head off. The guy replies that it will only take him one bullet.
What kind of name is Katie anyway?.Amirite?
This took too long to understand....I was thinking lesbian....it's been a long day.
I don't get it? :s
She's gonna suck his dick
I haven't seen this joke in a long time. There used to be a flash animation way back when called "Arnold The Hitman". It was really just this joke except the hitman sounded like Arnie. 
Why are you people so familiar with how much assassins charge?
Sounds like the sniper from "Saving Private Ryan"
Immediate fallacy: why would the assassin try to save his client literally half of the cost?
*me gibbs slaps ya for trying to make it real
You just got an upvote for NCIS.
Thank youuuuuuuuuuuu
The assassin is loaded already, I assure you.  At this point he just does his job for fun and doesn't care about money.  Assassins are 10K, for a REALLY CHEAP one to kill a fucking hobo..So they're rich as fuck.
So you are an expert on assassins?
good try

"one please."
First time I heard that joke, I laughed so hard I nearly fell off my mammoth.
Silly. Oral sex wasn't invented until after the invention of bathing, and Mammoths were extinct long before that.
Thanks for giving me 1st laughter of the day...
The movie title two birds one stone 
That was good. I'm using that one! 
err.. Am i the only one that doesnt get this?
what are you? 5?
:lol:
I read this as, "I can save you $2000. They're going to take care of it.".I figured the lover was going to shoot her in the head (money shot) and she was going to blow his dick off. 
Oh! I really thought the wife was shagging so hard that the man  looked like he was about to have a heart attack 
Thus saving $1000 
Are you telling me I can change a few locations of the joke, repost, and reap the upvotes? Cuz damn if this hasn't been posted many times
I haven't burst out laughing from . in weeks. Thanks!
That moment when you get the joke
First time i heard it... But then again im a few days old with reddit. 

It's a very old joke.  I heard it about 40 years ago (the old fashioned way). 
Haha Haha Haha seriously this one made me laugh out loud excellent work!
GG assassin.
Like there's any other kind.
That is a fucking awesome joke! 

This is one of my favorite jokes glad to see it here!!!
Always an awesome joke. Good one, OP!
This is one of the few jokes on here that actually made me laugh 
Meh. Not really that funny to me.  I mean obviously they're going to be doing something sexual if they got a motel room together, so everything went pretty much as expected.
This made my day
Le dick in mouth
Most likely..Saving $1000 would mean only taking one shot..Think about what he's supposed to shoot on the woman, then think about what he's supposed to shoot on the man.  Now think about the position they would likely be in if the assassin could shoot both targets with one bullet.
mais, une balle dans les aine ne serait pas tuer les deux, non? une assisne doit tuer ?
seule balle  la tte de la femme... parce que blow-job.
ah-ok je n'ai pas lu le blague completement ..lol
then what happened?
The guy fainted
A skeleton popped out
...Of the closet!
something actually funny maybe
I hadn't heard this one before, cheers.
Reminds me of:."How do you castrate a redneck?.Kick his sister in the chin."
Alternate ending.Assassin: I'm going to need $3,000 more.
wut
He has 4 dicks
Gang sex.
Oh, lol!
I love this joke. First time I heard it was from Billy Connolly. It takes him much longer to tell it!.Edit: Added link
That was very well executed.
i think you have the wrong link
Yes, yes I did. Thanks for telling me. Fixed it now.
[deleted]
Of all the wild suit-boogers in this luxurious world, you have to be the most wooly one I have ever laid my sights on...
I know! It's as bad as that unfunny movie The Aristocrats. Just the same joke over and over. /s
You seem to be under the impression that this subreddit cares..P.S. 
So? Downvote if you must but move on and shut up. No one cares man 
Heard this but it still makes me laugh everytime.
he fixes the cable

Nice one, up vote for you 
What kind of deadly assassin would want to save a customer $1000, instead of using both bullets and get the full $2000?
The bullets cost $1001, duh.
less evidence so he doesn't have to spend as much on sending in the cleaners or cleaning it himself..I'd guess smart assassins would leave as little evidence as possible.
I'm relatively new to reddit. I haven't gone through every single post through all of history. Sorry. It's just one of my all-time favourite jokes, and the wording is my own.
As long as it isn't the same joke over and over and over again in a short period of time, reposts are fine in this sub.
Don't worry about reposting here. r/jokes is just about as lenient as they come about reposts. I've seen this one on here before, but it's good enough to see it again and still laugh. That's the nature of jokes... You share them, and sometimes people have already heard them. Other people haven't. It's still worth telling them, though. 
Too bad. Rule #1 of reddit is that you are expected to know every single joke that has ever been posted to this site.
Be polite. Be efficient. He's a professional.
bien gars leon
Knock, knock..Who's there?.Repost..Repost who?.Repost to know every single joke that's every been posted on this thing?
This man is unstoppable.
Because there wouldn't be a joke if the assassin wasn't a GGG. 
GGA ?

Sorry to be that guy, but can someone explain it to me?
Summer reddit.
I first thought that she would rip his penis :( thanks for asking.
The assassin was able to shoot the woman's head and the man's genitalia in one shot because they were in close proximity to each other. Get it? Almost as if one were inside the other? Get it?.LIKE ORAL SEX?
Wait, I thought it was because the wife already "blew his dick off" (metaphorically), so the assassin doesn't have to do it..Maybe I'm terrible at getting jokes.
The guy's dickhole must be pretty loose...
Wait, wait. Can you explain that again?
Almost finished....
The sniper will hit 2 targets with one shot; the friend's penis will be inside the wife's head.
Ahhhh... Thank you.
I originally interpreted it as "someone else will shoot here in the head"

that just sounds weird
I saw that one coming.
I was expecting something like the following...Assassin: Okay I did it, but you owe me $5000. .Husbad: I thought you said you never miss?.Assassin: I didn't. .(Implying there was more than one other male). 
But he charges per bullet, not per dick shot off.

Are you talking about the .?
 
Ohh, because of 
Ear sex. Not even once. 
Practice safe ear sex or else you'll get hearing aids.
I don't understand how that is even possible. I mean even a small dick has to be too big.
Once you go black, you go deaf.
And probably dumb. 
Avoid aural sex at all costs. 
Yeah, that doesn't sound too good.
Blowjob
At first I actually just thought the wife was a closet lesbian.3
I thought the guy was killing the wife or something. 
Same but then the "two minutes" thing implies otherwise.
I figured he just wanted to watch
That's definitely the best version of that joke.  In the ones I've heard, the assassin fires once and then says something along the lines of "alright, done."  The $1000 per bullet and the "wait two minutes" bit add a lot.  
This is the worst version of this joke I have seen yet. 
I don't actually get it. Why wait 2 minutes? Am I being stupid here?
The one thing I'd change would be to make it a less obvious place for a blowjob, so the punchline is a bigger surprise..A parking lot, the mother-in-law's house, Costco, etc.
The library, a playground, church, airplane.  There's so many possibilities!
Disneyland, Daytona Speedway, the moon.
TGI Fridays
Costco is a poor example ;)
I have heard it a few times as a couple of guys hunting and the one friend says "I can see your house from here!"
Larry the cable guy told this joke on the blue collar comedy tour
Ah that makes sense, thanks!
A couple of guys hunting adulterers? A couple of guys hunting an assassin?.This is just nowhere near enough information to insert into the original joke.
Two guys were out hunting and one guy says to the other guy, "Hey I can see your house from here!  And your wife is screwing some guy!"  The other guy says "Oh, I've had it with that bitch shoot her in the head and shoot him in the dick." Then the guy says "Well I can get that in one shot!"
I heard larry the cable guy tell that one.
Wow that is an awful setup
I'm only good at insult comedy.
Well you weren't working with much, and all things considered it did function as a joke, so good on you 
We can tell, you suck 
FTFY
That sounds like the nicest assassin I'd ever want to hire. 
He doesn't do it for the money, he does it for the job satisfaction.
Snipings a good job mate. 
He still seems nice. 
$1000 is pretty cheap too
How much do assassins usually cost?
That's for sure. 
Yeah, mine charges 3 times that. 
I don't charge a dime
I like you.
PM'd 
In Sweden our assassins charge $20 monthly and they don't have a killcap.
Hitman netflix
Hitflix 
I want to be clever :(
That was clever.
He only said $1000 per bullet. If he's that good, you have to assume that's on top of his base fee. 
The story clearly states otherwise though.."I've got two-thousand here, two bullets" .I mean it's a joke, I doubt the person who made it is familiar with the going rate of assassins. 
I've heard this joke before, and I heard it as $10,000 a bullet
[deleted]
Yeah but the lack of realism ruined it for me.
Uhhh, fuck off? What's your problem? 
What is the going rate for assassins?
If you get TOR, just visit hiddenwiki and you will be able to find out.
Yes, because that site wasn't proven as fake years ago..EDIT: The site for the assassins, not the hidden wiki.

What are you talking about? The hiddenwiki is just a compilation of links, some of them "marketplaces" for things like that.
The assassin site, not the hidden wiki. I should have clarified.
There are countless assassin sites on there.
well, I was in a thread about the "deep web" the other day and people were saying . assassins take a down payment of about $10,000 US.So, I have no idea
I know those guys. 
The real ones cost $20k. Don't ask why I know that.
Down payment, or total?.Or total, but all of it up-front?.Just curious (.)
Total, half before, half after......HI NSA!!
Link to thread?
It was old, I lost it
Just like your grandpa.
Okay that's what I was saying too, 10 grand up front
This is why I never made it as an assassin..I came out of assassin scholl expecting the fast paced lifestyle of an international assassin.  I didn't want to pay my dues offing no-name guys for a measly ten large.
That reminds me of this one time when I was in 7th grade, the teachers asked us to go to this site for a career assessment thing, and apparently the site got hacked and all the results were along the line of assassins, mercenaries, spies etc..., the next day at school was hilarious and all the teachers and school faculty trying to deal with the situation.
I too expected such. Instead I was greeted with a competitive job market where guys half my age are struggling to find a hit and jobs are going out to illegals for pennies on the dollar. Not to mention the crippling debt from interest on the loans I took out to finish my degree.  .I picked the wrong career.
Plus you have to pay debts for all the fancy super guns and the 360 no scope seminars, it's no cakewalk. 
Not to mention the hidden blade classes.
So did the assassin.
Your fuckin awesome
HEY! One joke per thread for you, Mr. Bigshot!
Mr. 
Captain Downtown 
I read that in Joe Pesci's voice for some reason.
Good choice. Give your inner voice a pat on the back. 
[deleted]
Ok.
"Greedy fuck! How about OP spread some of the damn wealth? I want a joke to deliver!! ".- 
Most useful bot ever..Edit: thought you were a bot. My bad. Note to self. Check history first.
God's work.
reddit police strike again
Rofl, when I typed that comment, I was thinking to myself "somebody gotta take that for a bot for sure"..Might as well make a novelty account for this, if I ever care enough to spend those 2.99$ on unedditreddit so it works reliably.
You know... that would make for a really memorable movie scene. 
Sounds like something out of Machete
And in the sequel, there's a car insurance commercial playing on a TV in the background of a scene saying "you can save up to $1000" and the main character kinda chuckles.
Seems like something Deadpool would do.
no it wouldn't because this is an old-ass joke
no it wouldnt that would be fuckin stupid
You're a horrible troll, give up.
im a troll because i dont think every single joke would make a good movie sceen?
No, your comment history is full of the same shit.
yeah pussys like u downvote me and call me a troll cuz i speak my mind, im already at -424 because of pussys, so why should i try anymore to please the average redditer? ill speak my mind and if i get downvoted i get downvoted
Unfortunately your mind seems to be full of pessimism, constructive criticism is cool...but you just try to demean people and shit on them.
Looking forward to the sequel...
Nicholas Cage, the greatest actor that ever lived
There is no 'h' in Nicolas Cage..Source: . | 
Come on Michael bay we know you love to blow stuff.
Yeah.  I think you forgot the word "Up".  The expression is that he's blowing them all up.
That would be my favorite scene to watch over and over...
Ok... well.. that sound great... I think I'll just
today my room mate told me that he thinks that if you ate human brains everyday you would gain more brainpower and is like asking me where he can get pigs brains... seriously weirded out.
What actor do you think could pull it off ?
Ryan Gosling. After seeing the movie Drive, he'd be perfect. 
Ryan Gosling
Assasin - Kevin Spacey
Husband - ????
I keep imagining Val Kilmer saying it.
bruce willy would be the assassin
Cuba Gooding JR.
Samuel L. Jackson would do a pretty good job.
John Cusak makes a good assassin.
Clive Owen
Clive Owen as his character from Shoot 'em Up :P
Nicholas Cage 
Jason Statham.edit: oh someone already suggested this! this was just my first tought because I love stathams films.
sam jackson
Who would be the headless girl??
Charlie Sheen
Jean reno
Nicolas Cage
Quentin Tarantino for sure
randy jackson
Jason Statham
Statham. Jason statham. 
Tom Green.  Easy.

Matt Damon.Twist: he's the wife!
John Malkovic or Antonio Banderas as the obvious choice.
Clive Owen
I read this with the assassin being Johnny Depp as Jack Sparrow, it just seemed so natural!
THIS x1000
Collin Farrell. Definitely. 
i could see kevin spacey as the husband actually. He plays an excellent guilty witness. could pretty much be the same type of character in the usual suspects, almost a sequel to his new life after he takes the diamonds The shooter would have to be someone more... goofy and kinda comedic relief. The goof off who is too good at what he does so he doesnt take it seriously. I see james franco just being a total fuckhead. they just think it was a hit on the stud because he is dealing cocaine but really the husband ordered the hit and then called in the fact that his wife was murdered with the fake story that he had come back to the hotel (that happens to be under his wife's name) early and his wife was dead in the room. because since the dude who's dick got shot off has been dealing cocaine he probably thinks the same thing and is fleeing the scene. However the cops find the head of the penis in the chicks mouth, and positively Id it to the coke dealer's body. thats the first clue. the motive. How they trace it back to the shooter because he was fucking around and got sloppy or it was his first real hit he had just been advertising that he charges pr bullet. the cops know he is a rookie hitman though and are cooked and torture him into telling who hired him as spacy is nearly going to win in court to get "justice" for the death of his wife and the trial gets spun at the last second as spacy is cuffed in the court room. 
... Mr. Bean _
Andy Dick
Bruce Campbell
Good, bad...I'm the guy with the gun. 
Well hello Mister fancy pants! 
Mark Wahlberg from shooter
Random anecdote about "Shooter," a couple of friends and I were discussing which movie Wahlberg won an Oscar for. Our one friend, dead serious, says "was it for Shooter?" He couldn't understand while we were laughing. .It was supporting actor for "The Departed." 
Fahkin cahksuckahs
Definitely Pierce Brosnan.
This almost seems like a deleted scene from The Matador.
Sounds like a modern Sir Bron of Blackwater. 


Liam Niasan

That link was purple but... I still don't know what I was expecting.
Wh-What is it..
Pictures of Gene Wilder.
Well that link is still staying blue.

Jesus, I thought . was bad
GAH! You summamabitch! NSFW/NSFL. 
Liam Neesons and Bruce Willy
I don't know, I hear Neeson has full blown AIDS...
 
LIAM NEESONS IS MY SHIT!!!!
Clive Owen. Shoot 'Em Up 2?
 Aaand I've found it it.
Except it would be carrots, not bullets!
hej ricken
hej igge-

Jason Statham
Yeah, this is pretty much the best answer..I've liked every movie he's done (Except the one he did with Uwe Boll)
Nobody likes the one he did with Use Boll, the fight scenes were pretty cheesy (forest nymphs + ninjas + medieval army vs demonic mud creatures sounds like shit)
Actually what you just described sounds amazing. I'm going to watch this now.
That's because Uwe Boll.
I think it's called "In the Name of the King" or whatnot.
Staring Jason Statham, Ray Liotta, Ron Perlman, and Burt Fucking Reynolds as the king.
Nobody likes anything that anyone did with Uwe Boll.
Rampage was pretty good compared to his other stuff. I liked it. 
I loved Postal.
I have not seen Postal, but I imagine it is enjoyable primarily because the game was almost made to be made into an Uwe Boll movie - There was no plot and just mindless, ridiculous violence. That is pretty much the only thing Uwe Boll knows how to do - senseless violence.
And that is exactly what it is. And it is glorious. I really loved the rope part, so stupid yet I laughed my ass off.
Rampage was fucked up. I didn't like it. Partially because it was appalling and partially because it really wasn't well made, just different and violent. .The whole movie was about a fucked up anarchist just killing people. There was a cool ending, but other than that it was just a saw movie. That said, saw movies are much better than most of his stuff, so it still was his best work. .It was also the epitome of an Uwe Boll movie - violence for the purpose of violence. .I imagine he could make a semi interesting GTA movie. Or at least, accurate to how it's played. 
Someone call Lionsgate. 
I'm interning there right now for the summer!!
Oh yeah? Do they let interns green light movies?
[deleted]
Flattered, but I'm married to the sea. 
Jason Statham stars in "Bullet"

But who would he be giving a blowjob to?
Oh, the TIL here for me is immense. 
insta-subscribed
But he would play the man AND the woman
I knew this was Nicholas Cage without even clicking... 
Himself. He is Nic Cage for goodness sakes!
I was thinking Woody Harrelson before I read the comments
That has nothing to do with Rampart.
I had the exact same image in my head. As he's looking through the scope, he's chewing a tooth pick. Kind of smiles, then says the "give it a few minutes, I think I can save you $1000."
Staring Cage, Cage, and Cage
funny, but no
The Lord Cage will forgive you, you Travolta.
"What I need you to do it, shoot my wifffe in tha head.... and blow his dick clean offff"
I clicked on this, fully expecting to find a Chuck Norris subreddit
What is this? 2006?
I like Chuck Norris too. Unfortunately Reddit doesn't due to his religious beliefs. 
They way nic cage could deliver that line would be perfect
He delivers EVERY line perfectly.
If by "perfectly" you mean "stiff as a board," I agree wholeheartedly. .Nicolas Cage is one of the most overrated, talentless schmucks to ever disgrace the silver screen. I avidly refuse to watch any movie he's in. It's not worth wasting 2 hours of my life when I could be cleaning my toenails.
The Lord Cage will forgive you once for this, Travolta.
Couldn't agree more
now that i'm running the scenario in my head, i think you may be right.
Right before I clicked that I thought, "this better not be nic fucking cage". God fucking damn you, nic cage. 
I thought it was Morgan Freeman, before clicking. There is nobody else fit for the name "God".
You're new here, aren't you?
Yeah yeah yeah - I know - everyone hates Chuck Norris .
that or a heretic. 
Looks like one of them filthy golfers . would be livid. 
He is forgiving and will let that one slide, only because its Independence Day and he has the Declaration of Independence, you Travolta.
There was a reading of the declaration this morning in Boston. Either it's a copy, or they brought nic cage out to do it himself. I didn't go, but now I think I should have.
Nic Cage can take many forms.
I can hear him saying it.. 
No! Not the bullets!
THE BEES!
Beads?
We'll see who brings in more honey.
How have I never seen this put together before?
Like there was any other option.
[deleted]
One of your best comment. You start to become good at it ! 
It's a really popular subreddit and it gets linked all the time. It's relevant too so I wouldn't consider it spam
Oh Ferd.  You so silly 
o ferd. again...
How is your account still not shadow banned even with -25000 comment karma?
Being a retard isn't against the rules. 
The more I see Ferd around, the more I actually find it funny.
If fame is out of reach, infamy will do. 
Neither of the people above seem affiliated with that subreddit.
It's a troll. 
In the dongeon ! 
I read that in Admiral Ackbar's voice.
Read everything in his voice. Makes life better.
The question remains: Should he be ., . or .?.EDIT: Links
The assassin. Nicholas cage does a really good, slightly unhinged, but not quite crazy person.

Ye canna count, laddy!!
All three, obviously. 
Dude obviously didn't know of our saviors actin ability..Second to none.
All four, since he'd be playing the husband too.
He'd also be playing the gun.
And the bullet.
And the penis.

...are riding in a truck.  Suddenly, it breaks down, and they all get out.  One tries to see what he can under the hood, but doesn't know anything about cars.  Another calls a tow truck.  The third says, "I don't know what's wrong, so let's just get back in the car and see if it happens again."
I think this joke broke down.
relevant?

Ya know... I thought I was being clever.
It's okay OP, you tried, and that's all that mattered :)
Your dad.Edit - I did not mean the OP 's dad.  I was responding to the joke
The boy fainted.
I think you're getting downvoted because that's what's already implied. .AKA: no shit
Right, it was just my wiseass response that clearly failed to be funny
Go fuck yourself
Yeah, go do that.
This joke sucked the first time it was on here. 
11 herps and spices?
You only eat them when you're drunk
But you don't want lick your fingers afterwards.
Gold
Just like the whore?
Ba dum tss

_) .( _)>- .(_).YEAAAAHHHHHH
Yeah... You should probably show yourself out now
Better if you ask "how do you fit a Wailmer on a bus?"
Awww
This is fucking terrible..
This is the fucking funniest joke I have ever god Damn heard in my fucking life! [10]
I fucking love it! Haha 
Meh, I know over 150 just like it. 
Then why isn't your ass typing!
How do you get 50 Bulbasaurs on a bus?.Poke 'em on..How do you get 50 Ivysaurs on a bus?.Poke 'em on..How do you get 50 Venusaurs on a bus?.Poke 'em on..How do you get 50 Squirtles on a bus?.Poke 'em on..How do you get 50 Wartortles on a bus?.Poke 'em on..How do you get 50 Blastoise on a bus?.Poke 'em on..How do you get 50 Charmanders on a bus?.Poke 'em on..How do you get 50 Charmeleons on a bus?.Poke 'em on..How do you get 50 Charizards on a bus?.Poke 'em on..HAPPY?
You got me.... I almost thought you were gonna be funny for a second
You did ask for more, so I just fulfilled the request. .No need to be a douchebag.
I do apologize if you took that offensive. Usually when you pass the age of 15 people just laugh when you body someone's balls. My bad man
Forgiven. Downvote revoked.
Oh cool thanks man. Upvotes given
)))SMACK(((
The punchline is "if you pet him right he just might let you"
"If you give him a dog biscuit, he might let you...."
I heard it with two southerners watching the Georgia State Bulldog at halftime, and Bubba says that to Boudreaux, so Boudreaux responds, and you have to draw out the 'you' a bit: "That dog would bite you!"
Why do dogs lick their balls?.Because they can. 
This is Beavis and Butthead, right?
r/antijokes
*
Thanks I was in a hurry and forgot the first slash
I've heard that with the punch line "aren't you afraid of getting bit"
I found that quite funny... Why would you be upset because of that?
Now THAT'S funny :)
Refer to Gandalf as "Ganondorf" at all times, and keep mentioning your nagging suspicion that he will betray the rest of the characters..Any time Elrond speaks, ask your neighbor why Elrond is not promoting Scientology.
Works for slow productions of Macbeth as well.
There is no Frodo... only Zuul.
Or you could say Frodo is your favorite character.
Well it IS funny :) My friend told me this one, now that I think about it, how else could you incorporate "Run, Forest, Run" into LotR joke? Hmmm...
I'm a LOTR fan and I'd laugh at such a joke. I love puns.
I'm a huge LOTR fan and whenever my friends and I watch the movie or talk about it. They think LOTR is Harry Potter. Very annoying :(

That's a joke from Robot Chicken. 
Sorry man, just posting a joke that my friend told me :) We don't have Robot Chicken in Poland. At least I don't think we do :O
No worries, it's interesting to see how a joke makes its way around the world. Here's a link to the scene. 
. .It's at the end of the clip.
Why weren't there any children trees who attacked the two towers?.......It was no place for infantries!.Infant. Trees. Because infantry. Yeah, I apologize.
Lie down before you hurt yourself
It's actually because all female Ents disappeared, according to Treebeard.

You would be laughing like a madman during the battle of Helms Deep. Or any battle for that matter. I'd dare to say you might start frothing at the mouth while screaming almost wordlessly: "That's what I'm Tolkien about!" and "Where's Waldo?!"
Lord of the Rings? Is that the movie about the midgets wandering around aimlessly?
It is . movies of midgets wandering around aimlessly.
"I'll be careful."."You'll be dead!"
I have never wanted to vice gold more in my life
I'm a LOTR fan and I like this list. (:
Seriously, thank you for this.
Pure gold
Oh God. Number 16 would be fantastic for just about anything.
I find this comment more humorous than the joke. Thank you for the laughs.
_
Seriously, Mr. Anderson is ALL I can think of everytime I see Elrond!
Oh man this list is great :D Saving for later haha
Not mine though.
It's not like I have to mention the source when I tell a joke at a party :). Great stuff, thanks!
About 90. And each of them gets a full scholarship for it.
The whole team; one to hold the bulb and the rest to rotate the house.
Next time, tell my wife that she's drunk, and send her home.
What... that doesn't make any sen-HAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!
i want an illustration of this.

oh i forgot to tell you i got to an [8] last night and stared at that pic for a solid 2 hours straight. heres some gold. thanks!
Hey, thanks! 
fo sho, you make good internets.
You should have said that this was real and give people the url to the news story.  Btw redditors, this is real...
Heard this before, only with a brunette, red head, and a blond.
Although I thought all 3 in the other story kept getting peanut butter...
Motorcycle.
Gasoline is 8 letters. dumbass is 7.
Ur a dumbass is 10.
Shitstains.
This seems like a riddle more than a joke.
That is the most . thing I haved ever read here!
Well they're both correct. Actually automobile is technically wrong (the best kind of wrong) because it doesn't start with gas; it uses gas to start. 
Thats the point of the joke, you could say that an automobile starts with (using) gas. But gasoline doesn't have 10 letters.
Technically it uses an electric starter
Yeah I thought about. Still wont start . gas. 
If there were quotating marks then it would be the three letters, but alas, there is none. Therefore he is talking about the noun.
Oh well I didn't actually count. Also I meant a car doesn't use gasoline to start. I didn't mean automobile doesn't start with . lol.  
Most people don't. It's fun to confuse people with this one.
Actually a car starts with an ignition spark so your joke makes no sense 
Girlfriend enough said
flaw: tesla.
A Holocaust
10-letter something that starts with gas? how bout "period time"...?.source: my girlfriend
I'm no mechanic, but I'm pretty sure automobiles start with electricity.
Ever tried to start a car without gas?
Ever try to start a car without a battery?
You can by push starting.
Same result.  Won't start.
Gastronomy.
I was gonna say...
You smartass
Reminds me of, "Relationships are a lot like algebra, you look at your X and try to figure out Y."
"Except for U"
Hey baby, there are twenty-one letters in the alphabet, right?.. . . .Oh that's right. I forgot u r a q t.
No, there are twenty. You'll get the D later.
A video of Chris Turner's amazing one-liners makes the front page, and you think "Maybe no one else watched it" and steal one of his jokes to post it on the same website?
Right. Because everyone posts original jokes here.
Um.. I've been told r/jokes welcomes reposts. And many people have not seen the video. Plus I never claimed the joke to be mine or OC. Like most of the jokes on here. .(Hence no karma for r/jokes) .It was good, it was clean and it was punny. Thought it would brighten someone's day like it did mine. 
Are you kidding? Who . want an ostrich?
What did i miss?
I heard "ostrich".
Heard this joke differently, where the ostrich has a cat on its back, who refuses to pay for any of the rounds. After a while the barman/woman asks, and his response is he asked for a tall bird with a tight pussy.
Good joke, too bad it's a repost...

You really need to tell the genie about tips, taxes and non-lethal currency..I don't want to reach into my pocket to pay for a Lamborghini and have 22 tons of pennies pour out.
I suppose lethal currency could be somewhat useful sometimes.
Anything can be lethal given the proper velocity and disregarding wind resistance. 
Like an unladen swallow... lethal to Africans and Europeans alike
I wonder if there is any currency that floats?.If you could specify to your pocket that you wanted 10 pool noodles to pay for something, that could come in handy in an emergency..I bet at least once the blackmarket has used weapons as currency.  I'd like a Beretta 9mm semi-automatic and 10 rounds of ammunition to pay this man.
Genies are often known to be tricksters who often give you what you ask for, but not what you want.
Nice comment, too bad it's a repost
I'm thinking this isn't such a bad trade off.  You just need a convertible and be careful about bridges.  And she'd have to give good beak, of course.
Still funny
That is an old joke my friend.
LOUD NOISES!
THAT'S AWESOME
Did you accidentally activate your .? Tap it once more to change your text back to normal.
why do i feel like you stole this from a tank top....
So what about dropbears then?
Scary...
I'm really appreciating my bank experiences alot more now.
Just for your information, I'm not trying to be a dick here, but for future reference, a masseuse is a female massage person, a masseur is male.
Every time I wait in line at the bank... I get 
A masseuse gives happy endings, a massage therapist gives massages. 
I think this comment just adds to the  joke.
...to cover his 
ba-dum-tss!

Didn't get that. plz explain
I'm not sure Marion Mitchell Morrison aka John Wayne actually killed anyone
I thought this was going to be a Van Halen joke
Explain*
Michael Anthony, Van Halen's bassist, had a Jack Daniels bottle shaped bass. The band was known to drink a lot of JD
What's the difference between Jack Daniels and General Custer? Jack Daniels has killed WAY more Indians. 
You're the Indian guy and you didn't get that?   What tribe are you from?
Obvious answer being the one whose rez has wifi, but I digress.
Maybe he is the tech support Indian, not the casino Indian.
Meanwhile, back at the ranch, John Wayne...1)...cleverly disguised as a cactus, gets his prick shot off....2)...cleverly disguised as a door, gets his knob blown off....We used to have a whole lot of these at primary school. These are the only two I can remember...
Cleverly disguised as a pool table, gets his balls racked..I used to know a whole bunch, too.
HA!
HA!
The joke is that John Wayne killed Indians in his movies, but now that he is gone he isn't killing them anymore. However, many Indians are alcoholics so alcohol poisoning (from the Jack Daniels) is still killing them.
ha ha... thanks
I've always heard it as "what's the difference between Jack Daniels and General Custer..."
Ha
How
Ha
Ha
Ha
Hee
You messed up, son.
TIL to never be the 5th person to say Ha in a thread full of ha's. 
He said "hee"
Woah. Selective reading. 
Ha
Ha
Ha
Ha


Ha
Ha

The Karma Train has derailed, please exit to the right and thank you for riding Reddit Express.

But... Five!
Must be a Brit thing
Only just realised that sussex, middlesex, essex and wessex are related to their location. 

Virgins. All of em. 
Why unicorn?
As told by a five year old girl.
She has a future as a comedian. She already is more humourous than the entire cast of SNL.

Ahh, thank you sir.
Its also supposed to say "cancer. He had everything else"
Two blondes are walking on opposite sides of a river. The first blonde shouts over, "How do you get on the other side?".And the second blonde answers;."You're already on the other side!"
Bet they weren't betting on that response.
One of my favorites.How do you know a blondes been using the computer?.Whiteout on the screen.
How do you know when a blond had been back on your computer?.There is writing on the whiteout
That's actually semen....
why did i read that?
But why the fuck were they pulling the damn thing away in the first place!?
So they can use the bodies.
Because it's falsely billed as the Best Joke Ever...
What fucking dicks. I get its a joke, but Cmon...
Killing someone because of haircolour? You're right. Almost racist.
Nah, they killed all three.
I feel there is room for some kind of meatball enhancement.
makes you a saucy girl.
Runs in the family?
When you have diarrhoea/ diarrhea it runs in your jeans/ genes.
I know it's wrong but honestly I can't spell it either
I heard... this joke. Hundreds of times
I was also making a joke, runs in the family means its a family trait/genetic and diarrhea is sometime called, the runs as in runs down your leg or running for the bathroom..Runs in the family.
Diarrhoea
dont downvote this. it's spelt 2 ways.
Yes.. there are 2 spellings actually. Diarrhoea and diarrhea. But never diaria.
Diarrhea*
Just about the hardest word to spell ever. I vote let him off
Ill be the first to dub this joke a failure...
I'm sorry but I don't get it...
Good joke.  But the son is the "suitor", the girl would be bride I guess.
Did you make her?
Well I guess this joke is only funny if a 19th century British guy says it. 
Jesus that was clever
I actually just wrote my essay a few hours ago. He's doing well from what I hear.
if you dont get it, sound out the answer.
For explaining that to people who didn't get it, expect to be audited by the IRS. :)
SA?.What's a SA?
NSA
Oh...Oh! Aha, hmm. Clever.
I posted this a week or so ago with men instead of blondes. Shows how much people prefer to laugh at blondes
I love happy endings.
So, are you a lawer or in marketing?
So what kind of tracks were they?
Train tracks
I know, I was quoting an old internet joke. This joke was on facebook and a girl asked what kind of tracks they were. I guess it wasn't as popular as I thought.
Was she blonde?
Indeed she was. 
You see this as a tragic thing. I see it as an opportunity. Slip a 50 to the doc and request a few extra stitches.
If your lucky, the back patio was left intact
If his lucky what?
Her ass would be the back patio.
You're
His lucky penis? 
His lucky pen is what?!?



It was a shitty pen anyway...
Completely and totally predictable and extremely poor delivery. .1/10 would not hear again.
Well, I can't always produce gold. See some of my other ones, they've gotten a few upvotes. One even frontpaged at one point.
Wait until he gets the trots.
Where does a three-legged horse live? The unstable.
lol! A good one
That man was clearly partying too hard. He should rein in his licentious ways. 
It is difficult to change your unbridled lifestyle, until you get saddled with debt.
Horse horse horse horse
[deleted]
Repost
No Asians were thrown off of the plane because they were already fixing the plane.
Wouldn't "Caucasian" come before colored people?
You forgot the, "today we are niggers. Right behind the Mexicans."
The Mexican replies Jokes one you. Today we are wetbacks"
There are other racists...
Still getting off behind the white people though.
They need to be xiggers if they don't want to jump before the white people. 
Yeah, because racism is soeley an American phenomenon
What did he say?
Women are good for 70 things, sandwich and 69.
Pretty good
Like a 71, it's a 69 with 2 fingers in her ass.
I don't get it.
Shhhh go back to bed sweetie
judging from his username, I doubt he didnt get it.
yarr isn't even your password. liar.
 changed his password too. There are too many lying accounts these days.
Old George Carlin joke.
[deleted]
Fuck the downvoters who never will get Carlin's genius. 
I appreciate his genius just think this has been reposted approximately a kajillion times... 
Is this the opposite of a karma train?
Looks like you missed the train
Really? they can't even commit to their lie by agreeing with each other on such a simple detail?
Heard it before .... Dont give away the punch line in the title
Please don't put the punch line in the title.
 it ruins the joke
It amazes how often people do this. Where's the logic? It's like if M. Night Shyamalan named his first movie "Bruce Willis Is Dead the Whole Time".
You just ruined a movie that I would have never watched anyways!.Should I thank you?
[Walking Dead spoiler alert] It's like naming each Walking Dead episode after the person who died in it, so Season 3 would have episodes like Lori & T-Dog, Oscar, Axel, and Milton & Andrea.
haha, awesome! i've never heard this one! 
This is outrageous; this is contagious
i thought it was it would take ages.
Maybe the joke would be a lot better if you used "her house".
It's always a relief on these threads when the top comment is helpful.
An Irishman approves.
... What the eff does a Dublin accent sound like :( ill have to YouTube it soon as I get home
I figured Little Johnny would say that his mom says that she stays the same age, but he knows the "contagious." 
I love Mad Gab. Give me another one!
I don't know how to Irish. Please explain. 
I don't get it plz explain
why even have the first two responses
HAHA Fuck, this one is old.  But it's awesome, so upvote!
I'm still reading all the comments een that accent. 
Brilliant.
Essentially hear it like this:."He says it will take the cunt ages!"
ah, fur fooks sake, that was sum fine shite!
"it will take the cunt ages"
Wouldn't it work better if it were "painting her house" or is the implied word of the joke unisex in Ireland?
Men call each other cunts all the time in the English speaking world. More so in certain places like Australia, but cunt is by no means limited to disparaging women.
Some jokes are much longer than they need to be.
Why do some people not realize that not everyone shares their preferences?.Just because . like Coca-Cola, doesn't mean that Pepsi is gay.
Truly truly truly outrageous
Irish people call everyone a cunt so it doesn't really matter. :)
Most people reading this wouldn't understand a strong Dublin accent.."Ar nex' door nay-bur'z pay-ih izowz wih a too inch brush, 'nd me da says i' il take de cunt ayjes"..It's not the stereotypical accent Americans think of.
Understanding the strong Dublin accent isn't necessary at all to understand the joke...contagious is pronounced "cunt-ayjis" (or cun-tayjis, but still...the joke is obvious) in American English, too. Still makes sense, I dunno why so many people aren't getting the joke.
say "contagious" a bit slowly and with an Irish accent. 
hahaha ;) i'm terrible at telling jokes, but this one, will be shared thx!
Wouldn't it be "da" or "pa" instead of "dad?"
The 'Irish' here means Boston.
Don't know why you're being downvoted as a native Dubliner its true..On a side note we don't ever really ever say Pa in Dublin always Da, preferably prefixed with "me poor auld Irish-".
Is that why Dublin was specified?
You know... Dublin, Boston.
I'm a little Irish Sean, haha. Great joke. Finally, my name gets used!
I'm 1/4 Irish Tom...
Hey me too
neat
I'm like 2/5 German Charley 
[deleted]

I'm a very Irish Sean, if I told you my full name you'd grow an orange beard, and immediately feel the need to drink and carry a shilelagh.
I'm 100% laddy
So did you mean you were little in size?
Yes, I was always one of the shortest. Yes, I have a tiny penis.
Ahhh see I misunderstood. I thought you meant genetically. Sorry bout your dick man. But hey who needs it when you've got good old Irish charisma huh? Bit of blarney and the girls just swoon.
I'm from America but both sets of grandparents were 100% irish so we speak the same talk na'mean? They love when I get blacked out and yell until I pass out. Grils gone wild like urday. 
You know what they say; God invented whiskey to stop the Irish from ruling the world..But seriously, it's nice to see Sean used, it's a pretty damn good name that gets overlooked. But only the Irish spelling, none of that silly Shawn shit.
Ya, Shaun and Shawn are like cancer to us. Or even worse. He either invented whiskey or stopped inventing potatoes...either way we are screwed. 
[deleted]
"The house next door is going to become cunt ages to me." ? That doesn't make any sense.
What??? You have completely misunderstood the joke.
Sweet holy mother of Jerusalem you missed the point completely...
jesus wept
What does that even mean
Her/his version is not a pun. According to this one, the boy is fearing a contagious disease because everyone is going to have one soon. (Or I could be wrong) 
I want to know what's going through your head if you think that's more clear
The rule of three in comedy. Two instances provide a pattern of normalcy, and the third one is the one destined to interrupt the flow; it's the "sweetspot" for a punchline. ."You build me up, build me up, just to break me down" -- Sugar Pie Honeybunch
I think you missed the joke. 
[deleted]
But the punchline is a pun, where "contagious" sounds like "cunt ages". Your correction wouldn't make sense. 
[deleted]
sigh...i remember when trolls at least tried a little bit
And yet everyone fell for it...
Not me! GIMME MAH RESPECT
Except yours doesn't make sense whatsoever. Just because you're able to copy and paste common jokes, doesn't mean you can tell them. .As well, this joke is already on the front page. What's your point?
[deleted]
Your version is describing how the boy is fearing a contagious disease is in the neighbourhood. I'm sorry but your version is not funnier than the original joke. The pun makes it good. 
[deleted]
you missed the point of the joke. End of story.
OP's version isn't really a complex joke. The unexpected response in the Irish accent makes the joke. Your version is cleaner but I don't think it is funnier. Neither do most of the people here. 

Room full of Irishmen, how do you know which two are gay? .Their names are Patrick Fitzgerald and Gerald Fitzpatrick.
How about their two Scottish friends who were dentists....Ben Doon and Phil McAvity !!!
I don't get it.
We've heard it. So save it. SAVE IT
Patrick fits Gerald ( Patrick fits Gerald's dick in his ass) and vice- versa
I feel dumb. 
It happens to all of us buddy. 
What's the Greek armies motto?.Never leave your buddies behind!
Took a minute, but I had to get the accent right in my head to get the joke.
use the groundskeeper willie voice
I couldn't get the joke until I did this.  Upvote for you.
aye some people get it
In your head? I had to read the damn thing out loud..
yeah, took this contagious too
Use your tuunnggg John Snuuugh
hehehehe
Ftfy
Had to prep the mind for the accent.
What's Irish and stays out all night?.Patty O'Furniture
For the love of god *Paddy.Edit: Thanks for the correction 
What if the name is for a female?
life*
But you don't call it padio furniture.
Then her being Irish is irrelevant...
But her last name would seem to be Irish. 
Love*
You wet puppy

Well I'll be going with St. Podge's Day from now on.
Good site - it should also reference the inappropriateness of calling a drink a ".".
TIL that "Black and Tan" is an offensive name.
Personally, I think the . is even more inappropriate.
Yeah, don't offend the Irish, but fuck the Asians, drink ALL the Kamikazes! And blowjobs, pornstars, and sex on the beach. Because drink names can't offend anyone.
This is a little abrupt...
True, though that's already mentioned.
Sorry, it's that people get very hush hush and apologetic with the naming of the Irish Car Bomb specifically, but for no other drink name. I think it's silly to censor oneself to not offend one group of people, but not another.
I've never seen anyone act that way about Irish Car Bombs. I've seen a lot of people discover where it's name came from though! I can understand why that would be aggravating. Personally that's kind of similar to how I feel when "race issues" are ALWAYS about white vs black or black vs the world or white vs the world. It's like.... man you guys are missing out on A LOT of other demographics here.
People who had to "discover" what an Irish Car Bomb was named after are old enough to drink now?.Holy shit

I was in Dublin for a while and discovered that they prefer to call it a Belfast car bomb 
good one =) (cunt ages)
I still do not understand.  The joke says "HIS house"   So how is this a cunt? Cunt = girl.
Come on try and be at least a little bit worldly. Cunt in other parts of the world can be used for either gender. Never watched a gritty comedy from the UK? ."Fookin Cunt" is exclaimed every other sentence, for every manner of situations lol 
Oh I thought it was coon ages. 
Well maybe you shouldn't do that anymore. 
took me for. to get it.
I too didn't get it, my coworkers will love it!
I've only ever known Americans to consider cunt a gendered slur. 
Even in America we use it for both.
Maybe I'm just stupid, but I still don't get it..Ninja Edit- I got it now.
Thank you sir! I didn't get the joke at first.
it take the contagious to get the joke.
le sir!
It's funny how you still think le is funny.
I think he was making fun of the reddit idiots who call each other "sir".
I think you le missed the joke!
Nope, we got it, it was just bad.
lolol thanks for le reddit gold then!
I tip my fedora to you, fellow brave sci[ent]ist.
I think this is one of the jokes that need to be spoken aloud, rather than read. Still, really funny. 
Addendum: Spoken aloud in an irish accent.
"So why do you ask, Two Dogs Fucking?"
I tell this joke with the name Two Dogs Humping
Five golden rinnnnnnnnngs
you know what they say about builder's daughters.
they like their asphalt

Hahahaha!
With 4 guys standing around with flags

[deleted]
Wait...what?
What did he say?

His username says it all
Just ignore it and it will go away. 
Oh wow.  I think Call of Duty is leaking.  
Solid Modest Mouse reference. 
Thanks!
That was quite the build-up.
FTW
Three construction workers walk into an I-bar, one says "that's supposed to be 10-feet higher!".No? Okay, I'll show myself out...
I think the problem with that joke is around here we call em I-beams and I had to pause at I-bar to figure out what you were talking about.  It was a good attempt though.
There are some people who know how to follow this thread.
Surely OP will deliver a concrete punchline.
OP walks into a steel mill.  Foreman says he doesn't hire convicts.
was that a reference?
At least he left a solid foundation. 
He still has time to nail a good punchline down.
He has paved the way to a good punchline.
Let's face it, it's pretty hard ;)
Walls. 
I never saw that one coming
Where ever you find four construction workers, you'll find a fifth.
Uncanny valley gets rain run-off from Brokeback Mountain.  Perhaps that's influencing the flavor?
proper source is 
Very good. Not a literal lol, but very original. Is it yours?
See other comments, it's an xkcd I remembered badly.
 It came back to mind as I saw the google doodle yesterday! Nice one!
I like it
Are you looking for a Rijn job?
First I thought this was an anti-joke, but then I read it again and was like: ooooooooooooh.
How is it that big?
Little Dick is a growing boy. 
I'd say most people would feel unsafe in such a nation.
Go to the Benny Hill Show. Go straight to the Benny Hill Show. Do not pass go, and do not collect $200.
NERRRRRRRRDDD!.I had TI expain this joke for about 20 mins.
Problem? 
Just one of those little touches of humor I've been trying to add to my personality. It's not really working out, though.
I like where you are going, but the delivery is poor.
I had been wanting to open up a store for a while, and finally got around to doing it a few weeks ago..I love fast food, and so one of the components of the shop was a McDonalds. .I also love electronics, so I fitted in a Dick Smith for customers to browse while eating..A lot of tourists were coming in, so I added a Hertz to provide some easy transportation..And thus, McDickHertz was born.
Original is better 
This is a bit more subtle approach to the joke, I like it!
Since when does a psychology professor know ANY of the names of his students??
Since he started banging Callahan..And Hawkins..He was banging both.
I heard this as a little Johnny joke about 10 years ago. I personally like the original better, it makes more sense as a 6th grade joke than a college one. The original went:.A sixth grade teacher asks her class the question,
"What body part, when stimulated increases to 10 times it's normal size?".Little Suzy stands up and says, "What kind of teacher are you?
Asking 6th graders a question like that?
I'm gonna tell my parents and the principal and you'll be fired!".The teacher ignores Suzy and asks the question again....Little Johnny puts his hand up and says, "the pupil."
The teacher says, "That's correct Johnny.".The teacher then turns to Suzy and says,
"I have just three things to say to you missy.
One, you have a dirty mind, two, you didn't read your homework,
and three, you are going to be verrry disappointed when you grow up!" 
I much prefer your version, and I agree that yours makes more sense. 
I can't believe Little Johnny said pupil.
Dude, this is a repost of an earlier one
I always like a new twist on a good ol' joke.
Which was a repost of another one.
My dick doesn't touch my asshole, is something wrong with me?
Remove balls and try again. 
It works now, thanks. 
Instructions not clear enough, balls now inside body.
Maybe with your asshole?
Lol.... Funny .... Latina in the house
I guess it had to start with a wet back, the baptism I mean, of course.
Enjoy it...? Haha, glad you came! I have a bunch of Latino amigos that I comfortably tell these types of jokes and I get a fair return. 
She came?! 
It was a . 
Zimmerman's brand bean dip. "It's so good, people think its white."
This is gold
actually more of a caramel/mocha kind of color. but we appreciate the input.
This joke works both in the sense that it was meant--that he always accepts roles--and also in the sense that he is constantly over the top in his acting. See this hilarious video: 
Why is Samuel Jackson full of carbs?
He can never turn down a role (roll)..Nick Cage is in debt though. Sam just doesn't say no.
I prefer to think of OPs joke as referring to Nic's acting style, and not his role acceptance.
Ah. Always another perspective. Awesome.
I'm talking to him. You could not be more wrong. 
Its not a 'difference' if they are doing the same thing
They both came in number 2.
I think you mean "What do a swimmer who came in second and a priest have in common?"

How is that funny?..
There are people who wait with their divorce until the kids are out, living their own lifes. This couple has been waiting a bit longer.
Yeah, I understand that, I just... it didn't seem like much of a . to me. It was fairly anti-climatic. 
I still find it funny, but maybe I have a sick sense of humor... 
Maybe, but there's a fine line between having a sick sense of humour and then having a joke just . be funny. I think it must not have been worded right, maybe?
[deleted]
what? those are entirely different jokes.  that one is good though.
Not only is that not a repost, in this section of reddit reposts are generally acceptable.
It smelled like a no punch line joke. Read the last line and wasn't disappointed. 
Credit?
That was so cute.  :)
OOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
This is a reference to the movie "Snow White and the seven dwarfs" The seven dwarfs' names are: Bashful, Doc, Dopey, Grumpy, Happy, Sleepy and Sneezy. The man assumed that he was a dwarf and since he wasn't "happy" he must be another one of the dwarfs. 
no shit sherlo-.oh....
actually, there is some shit, my dear watso-
oh....
He was clearly Grumpy.
Or Doc
Well I mean he was upset
No, he was Doc.
R/forwardsfromgrandma
I thought this was . for a moment.
It's story time intelligantcow. What happened next?
It's an old joke. So not personal. 
Welcome to costco... I love you.
The lady should be in a motorized scooter to make it more realistic.
Oh america....I love you so much.
I would personally remove anything after "I'm neither blind nor stupid, Madam. I just couldn't believe someone fucked you twice" as continuing on after the punchline tends to ruin the joke.
How can this be a repost? It's a personal story...:p
It's not a personnel story.  I like this version better than the original joke though. 
How is it that people in /r/ jokes don't know a joke from a serious statement?
I was just joking, hence the ':p'

But it IS a personnel story, just not a personal story.
Your emoticon looks like it's sort of silly mutant with five eyes, or like, a winking spider.
The last line is probably unnecessary, you want to end on the punch line.  Other than that, good joke.
This was copied and pasted. OP clicked his mouse about 5 times to post this joke. 
Well at least he didn't faint
But the woman did.
"Welcome to Walmart. Get your shit and get out. Have a nice day"
Ahh Walter... 
Again 
I saw it cumming, plane and simple.
these men are gay men
Haha!
This is brilliant
Homophobic much?
Thanks for your concern, but I'm gay and I can confirm that it isn't.
Phomohobic
because straight guys are homophobic if they hate getting fucked in the ass, right?
Yes ! Fuck you and all the straight guys right!
Yea fuck us! Actually... I'd rather you not
How
If you don't want to be fucked in the ass, you automatically loathe gay people! Didn't you know?
Source: Right there on the sidebar, partner.
That's three options, isn't it?
Why did my cancer joke get moved to /imgoingtohellforthis ?
 
Not enough people in . have cancer to appreciate the humor. 
Right? How can we remedy this? I got it! give them cancer!
Just need to convince people that food tastes 10x better if you stick your face on the window of the microwave while operating the machine. 
Pfft. Even I know that!
It appears he chose the whine like a baby option
Why are you subscribed here if you're just going to go full retard?
Never go full retard 
What is this pain that I am feeling in my nuts... OMG I AM GOING FULL RETARD........hello..I am murpcam. .Homophobic much?
My bestfriend always tells me this joke. I hate it so much. I got about half way before realising what it was
[deleted]
[deleted]
The woman fainted. 
No. 
I was being satirical, as I have heard this joke before (maybe even on here?) ruined by the stupidity of that unnecessary addon..Should have made that clear I guess :/
 
This joke is about as old as those kids should be 
This is commonly told in Dublin because it works very well with our inner city accent.
My name is Denice. You cannot imagine how many times I have heard variations of the "Da-niece" joke, especially as a child when such jokes are the height of humor.
Everyone knows Dajuan and Da-attawan. 
You've given me flashbacks to middle school.  I was perfectly happy having forgotten the shining examples of preteen maturity who derived pleasure from calling me "Denephew".
Then she fainted
twins: peter, repeater.triplets: peter, repeater, wang chung (because every third person born is chinese)
This is referencing something but I forgot what it Is
cuz their black?
No, it's a common joke in Dublin because it works well with our inner city accent. 
Exactly!
Denise (the niece) and Danephew (and the nephew) because he's a dumb dumb.
Alternate joke: woman wakes up from coma and the doctor says you have identical twin girls. "I gave your brother the liberty to name them". "Ok he's not that bright what did he name them." The first one Kate". "Alright I like that." "And the second one Dupli-Kate.
He named his niece "Denise" ("the niece") and his nephew "Danephew" ("the nephew")
It is hard to get it if English is his second language. I need to read that explanation to understand.
I get it!
I have always seen this as Denephew.  (It's more consistent with Denice.)
You don't get it? What's damatter with you? 
He is Deuncle
*they're 
ouch. got me
[deleted]
This is disappointing because I usually think the obvious trolls are hilarious but babyfucking is just such low hanging fruit..Is it that multilayered? Are you trying to troll those of us who like all the other trolls? Should I be thinking this much about it?
Fuck you. Upvoted instead.
That's not even funny or offensive.
Can someone ban this stupid fuck please? I mean look at his fucking username!
He's so downvote hungry he even downvotes his own submissions. 
RES Ignore function :)
There is a girl working at Taco Bell here named Daniece. (Yes, I and E in that order).
I before e expect after c.

Except when it doesn't.

Which is a rule with more exceptions than adherents.
There are more exceptions than words that actually follow the rule
except when e before I because fuck you, that's why.
Ceiling
"except after C"
Neighbor. 
or if it sounds like A. Seems lots of people forget the 2nd part.
Then we asked our teacher, what about "weird"?  ."Oh," he said knowingly, "'weird' is weird.".Made sense in middle school.
What about science?
Fuck.... someone add another line to that shit
For science!
That's a w.rd way to spell it...
It might be a . spelling.
No ...wait shit
I kept reading the name as DANEphew and I was so confused
Isn't that how it's read? I feel like I'm missing something.
how do you people find your dicks to piss?
No the joke is that you read it as DEnise and DAnephew
Denise (the niece) and Danephew (the nephew).
thank you.
from Dublin?
Ah hee-or, leave ir OU'
Mexican Version:  A mexican woman has twins.  She names one Jose and the other Jos-B
A couple goes to... well, ok, this place where you register your new-born babies names. - So what's the name you've chosen for your son? - Doisberto. - This name doesn't exist. Are you sure? - Of course we are. Our first son's name is Ze Roberto. Our second son - Umberto.
*mexican fireman
nonono.An expecting mexican woman is at home when a house fire starts. She passes out, and a brave fireman pulls her out of the blaze. She is then rushed to the hospital and the medical team decide that they must deliver the babies in order to save their lives from lack of oxygen..The fireman, being noble and kind, decides to follow the woman and stay with her in the hospital, since she seemed to alone. .When she wakes up a few weeks later, the doctor greets her with some news.."Congratulations! You had twins boys! Since you were in a coma, we gave the fireman the liberty of naming your children."."What did he name them?" she worriedly asked.."One is named Jos," replied the doctor..Slightly relieved she says, "That's not so bad! And the other?"."Hose-B."
As an Irish Dub I have heard this joke numerous times although instead of not being bright the brother is from Dublin. Which people from Cork would have you believe is the same thing.
Ah yeah, I'm a Dub meself and I've heard it shiteloads. It's mad common here.
I read this joke too, he was from Maryland. I'm Canadian, so are Marylanders (Marylanderians?) stereotypically dumb?
from Maryland, and I can honestly say everyone from around here are a bunch of morons. I'm originally from Michigan, so I don't fit under that umbrella of stupidity.
Can confirm. .Source: Baltimoron. Also, the term for someone from Maryland is Marylander.
I've been here for nearly 11 years and I am ready to get out!
Grew up here, so I know where you're coming from. Best thing about it is steamed blue crabs. Oh and pretty much all of my extended family lives here, so there's that. Work seasonally out west and Alaska. PNW is where it's at.
the crabs. oh my gosh. I found a crab place that will ship fresh steamed crabs to anywhere in the world. I am completely okay with moving if I can take crabs with me <3 and haha We originally moved down here because ALL of my family lived down here. Now, no one does, so we're down here alone.
Cork man, can confirm. 
Josh, is it you?
Holy shit, Sam?!?!
Well what are the chances....
Oh shit, you`re team periwinkle, so I guess we should go separate ways...
Never speak of this? Goodbye.
Seeya.
It isn't?
Nah you're right it is! 1/4 of the population and were all thick as pig shite!
I might have read this in an Irish accent...
Good for you?
if I had a dollar for every time I said that, id be making money in a very weird way...
Doesn't matter - he won't come when you call anyway.
Why bother, he won't come anyways.
He might, if he has dragon balls
What do you call a dog with no hind legs and metal balls?.Sparky.
Only your two legged dog can prevent forest fires. 
If your joke starts with ctrl c, chances are r/jokes has heard it too many times already.  
What? I don't get it. Where's u/YourJokeExplained when you need him.
Go ahead and snort... You'll understand.
I still don't get it. I feel stupid.
You're snorting your boogers back in.
The Green Lantern: First Flight roller coaster at Six Flags Magic Mountain?  .I think he means snot 
If you're gonna make a "too soon" joke, you gotta come up with something better than that, imo.  
Oh noo!  I literally gasped at this!  Nooo!  Too soon, too soon...
I don't get it.
Apparently a guy from the show overdosed.
I understand what you are trying to do, but this is a terrible joke. He is dead in real life not the show, are they going to turn his body into a marionette? Logistically it would be a fucking nightmare.
The Walking Dead: the musical!.Featuring songs like:.and. with special guest, Michael Jackson's CGI reanimated corpse!
And of course.Rob Zombie - Superbeast
Meh, I figured I already had ., one Rob Zombie song was enough..EDIT: remember, this is Glee we're talking about.  Subtext isn't something these people understand.  Better to be more, you know, literal.
No "Zombie Stomp?"
Damn, I knew I forgot one...
This belongs on too soon.
You used her and tossed her away
I thought you'd say you blow it.
Lol
That's a spoonerism
yes
A spoonerism is when the first letter of two words is switched. Here p and c are switched, which changes the phrase "cunning plan" (referring to his plan to get his gf to like his family) into "punning clan" (referring to his wordplay loving family). 
...and then a "Snooperism" is like a spoonerism, but letters within the same word are switched instead of letters between multiple words...Snooperism is a snooperism of "spoonerism"...
No, a Snooperism is where you replace the last syllable of a word with "-izzle" so that no matter what the word is, it will rhyme with any other word in your rap song.
No that's Snoop-Dawgerism
I thought they recently changed it to Snoop-Lionism...
Loop Snionism? 
You guys are hurting my head.
You hurt my head when I tried to come up with the spoonerism for "hurt my head". 
Oh, that's right, my bad
Nigga
Yo dizzle I believe you meant to say nizzle fo rizzle.
no, that's a Snooperizzle...I mean the "-ism" suffix is practically already there...
These bots are getting smarter by the day! 
He is a shining wit and a smart feller.
This needs more upvotes.
It feels like this joke has potential, but is missing something.  I get the connection to pedophilia, but the phrase, "separates the men from the boys" is generally associated with some sort of action or event.  .Does anyone know what I mean?  Maybe it can just be reworded to incorporate the connection.
The Jewish knight at king Arthur's round table: sir cumcised

I loved those books!
JW's don't believe in heaven.  Problem solved!
they most certainly believe in heaven, they just don't believe that all good people go there when they die.
wut?
But when they are wrong, and they goto heaven... This is the question.
They don't? 
As I understand it, Jehovah's Witnesses believe that when people die, they are unconscious until their bodies are resurrected to live on a new earth at the end of time.  They do not believe in the traditional vision of heaven.
You, sir/madame, should get a medal for actually knowing something about the beliefs of Jehovah's Witnesses.
You know, that makes a hell of a lot more sense lol
No, you got it wrong.  They don't believe in a hell similar to other religions, but they do believe in heaven.  They just believe that only 144,000 people (of all the people ever born, and ever to be born) will get into heaven.  And it's decided before-hand, who gets in.
Ah, you are correct.  I had forgotten about that.
He's the one person who answered the door. 
Neither is Popeye`s
I bet that was a short fight.
Repost. ..
LOL.
That can be said of just about any joke.  That being said, I stole this from a cousin who posted it on FB.
oh good, I haven't had my daily dose of this joke today...thanks, OP, for keeping us on track
Your welcome!
it's a word-for-word repost from yesterday.
Joyce, Yeats, Heaney, Beckett, Stoker, Swift,  Wilde, Behan, Doyle, Kavanagh, Shaw..... sure de ting is wer all illiterate. ..
also told by the Minnesootans using Sven and Olga. .The joke, as I heard it told by Michael Feldman on the NPR show 'What Do You know", had more punch - your version literally spells out the humor for the listener at the end. .In the funnier version, there would be a long pause and after the operator inquired, Paddy would say, "Hang on while drag him over to number 3 Oak Street": let the listener infer that Paddy couldn't spell Eucalyptus and build the mental imagine of Paddy trying to spell it and then give up and take the "easier" option.
I thought one person would have pointed out that streets have street name signs.  He would pass one spelling eucalyptus to get to oak street. 
I thought of that too. ruined the joke for me :(
Yup, ruined it for me. Other then the fact that it's easier to find one then to drag a body in the first place :(
Come on people. This is obviously taking place in Ireland. Paddy was obviously too drunk to rationalize like we do.
I would end it with "that's O-A-K street."
This is the better punchline. I would do the same basic idea with a tiny addition, like this:."{heavy breathing}
Yes, sorry bout dat. Make dat Oak -- O-A-K -- street, rather."
I went to school in Ireland for a year in high school. At one point a few of my class mates there were talking about Paddy Irishman jokes, which surprised me (that they liked them), so I told one. Turns out all of THEIR Paddy Irishman jokes were about cleaver Paddy Irishman fooling people with his quick wit! got pretty awkward.
I tell this joke about people from New Jersey.
This joke sucks, you stole it from Jeff Foxworthy. .Edit: found source, 3rd pink joke,
 
Steal away! Just make us laugh!
So every joke here must be original? 
[deleted]
to further illustrate your point, I for one (and I'm sure many others share this trait) don't have a photographic memory of the ENTIRE r/jokes sub, from its creation to now...that said, I try to not post something I have seen because of reddit...if I were to post a joke, it'd likely be one that I heard from a friend...but maybe that friend has a friend who has an uncle who has a sister who has a son who has a girlfriend...(keep adding on until you feel "comfortable" with the separation)...who happened to post the same joke on reddit, months or years before I did...there's this place I know of called the World, and it exists . of reddit, yet jokes (or news stories or funny pictures) are shared amongst its 7billion inhabitants, and I rarely-- if ever-- wrap up a punchline IRL just to immediately hear "fuckin reJoke" afterwards...
I love Paddy & Murphy jokes., here's mine;.Paddy and Murphy are out walking one day and they get separated. Hours pass until Paddy thinks he hears someone. ."Hello there, I'm lost, can you tell me where I am?".A voice responds "Paddy? Jaysus is that you?" ."Aye Murphy, t'is me. Where are ye?"."I'm in the forest, can you see it?"."I can't see feck all with all these trees in the way"
fuck off
[deleted]
OMG GUYS HE STOLE A JOKE DON'T YOU KNOW JOKES ARE COPYRIGHTED AND ONLY ALLOWED TO BE ENJOYED ONCE FUCK GUYS STOP PIRATING JOKES GEEZ
Why did the chicken cross the road?.
To get to the other side..HOLY SHIT CALL THE KARMA POLICE I'M STEALING A JOKE!!
Do you ever fuck cars?
Not since the accident..But no, I don't.
Hahaha you so mad

you americans trying to blame stupid stuff on the irish...  
Just found the link sir! I come from the other side of the big pawn :D
Formatted.Paddy phones an ambulance because his mate's been hit by a car. .Paddy: 'Get an ambulance here quick, he's bleeding from his nose and Ears and I tink both his legs are broken.' .Operator: 'What is your location sir?' .Paddy: 'Outside number 28 Eucalyptus Street ....' .Operator: 'How do you spell that sir?' Silence.... (heavy breathing) and after a minute. .Operator: 'Are you there sir?' More heavy breathing and another minute later. .Operator: 'Sir, can you hear me?' This goes on for another few minutes until.... .Operator: 'Sir, please answer me. Can you still hear me?' .Paddy: 'Yes, sorry bout dat... I couldn't spell eucalyptus, so I just dragged him round to number 3 Oak Street .'
Paddy and murphy walking down the street, paddy falls over, paddy says 'Murphy, call me an ambulance' Murphy says 'paaaaady is an ambulance'
 
The operator didn't know how to spell eucalyptus?
The operator wasn't Irish and couldn't understand Paddy's thick Dublin accent so asked him to spell it to avoid confusion. 
Ohh okay.  I started reading it in an accent but the way you were spelling made me think he didn't have one.
Something like this actually happened. Can't remember the source, but I'm pretty sure it was a police call 
No, this joke is about 50 years old. My grandfather used to tell it to me, in RUSSIA!.I posted the russian version here a few months ago.

Aren't there street signs in Ireland?
Hmmm, not sure that I agree. It's a totally different joke. I am not making fun of stuttering, I am making fun of Paddy.
Nah, this is an old, old, old, old, old joke..Someone just made a youtube video pretending it to be real but the video is fake.
Of all the things that never happened....this never happened the most.
I'll bet you one whole pound that it didn't. I know a variation of this joke that features a Glaswegian police man who chases a shop lifter, catches him then lets him go, then he chases him again and catches him in Rose Street. As he writes up his report, he explains that he can't spell Sauchiehall Street..I prefer it because it uses actual streets and it's a bit less rascist
I am Irish, and the not the American 'I'm Irish' but the 'I was born in Ireland to Irish parents and I live there still' Irish.  And I don't find this in the least bit offensive as it is just humour.  There are a million 'Paddy Irishman' jokes and it's no big deal, but maybe that's just me.  In general there are jokes about all stereotypes and it's the promotion and continuation of highly identifiable albeit supposed traits that make it funny.  Supposedly..As an aside, if we are the same race it's not racism anyway I would've thought.  The vast majority of 'Paddies' are caucasian, not all but most.  This joke is closer to xenophobia than racism if anything.  But what would I know, I'm a stupid Paddy..edit: an extraneous 'is'
I'm also Irish, albiet from northern ireland and I find paddy irishman jokes to be highly offensive. I'm guessing you're from the south where you didn't grow up experiencing anti-irish bigotry on a daily basis, certainly not on an institutionalised level like we used to have up here. You'll pardon me if I don't see the funny side of the continued reinforcement of negative stereotypes.
You're correct.  I am from the south.  I did not grow up experiencing anti-Irish bigotry on a daily basis, institutionalised or otherwise (I have certainly experienced it in minor ways while abroad though).  However I don't believe that changes the thrust of what I said.  I simply stated that, rightly or wrongly, stereotypes are the basis for a vast chunk of humour.  This continues to be the case whether or not people are offended by it.  So I can let it get to me, or I can let it wash over me.  I choose the latter.  I concede that this choice is easier for me than it is for you, but it is still a choice that is made by the listener and not the joker..All that said, I apologise if this comment or my earlier comment caused you offence.  I don't think it was offensive, it certainly wasn't meant as such.  In any case, sorry.
This is racist?  How come? The use of Paddy?  I am not indignant, just curious.  
Maybe racist isn't exactly the right word, but it's certainly derogatory. It's a "Paddy Irishman" joke, they used to be a lot more common. It's simply a case of your joke needs a protagonist or stooge who is particularly stupid, so you use Paddy and the person you're telling the joke to automatically knows this is a stupid character because he's irish and the irish are stupid. 
Hey buddy, where are your downvotes? I thought those came automatically when explaining the joke with well-meaning intentions.
I mean... I don't disagree, but that's not unique to Irishmen. I mean I've heard generic "dumb dude" jokes filled in with Irish, Polish, black, Italian, redneck, Welsh, and all other manner of ethnic protagonists.
oh yeah, it's not unique to irish, but it's just lazy and ignorant whatever ethnicity you use.
I agree. I've made an effort in my life to quit using offensive language (like... actually offensive, I still cuss like a sailor).
fuck yeah, I'm all for that
Because Paddy (an Irish fellow, presumably) can't spell eucalyptus. Supposedly, he's not very literate, which is a little racist when you relate the punchline with a race. 
I can see that, but as an educated man who may have to think twice about how to spell Eucalyptus I do not think that is too bad.  I can see your point, but I do not personally agree.  To me it is just an unconventional but creative solution.  And although I am of Irish ancestry, I do not have very strong (read:none) ties to the motherland, so maybe I am just insensitive.  And I guess I am very used to my heritage being made fun of, being a Texan and a fan of the Aggies.  
Whoop!
I prefer longhorns, but whatever. You know?
You would drag your dying friend for 5 minutes to another street to avoid spelling a word you're hesitant about spelling correctly? How is that creative? 
its a joke, man.
Yeah I picked up on that, I tend to give people too much of the benefit of the doubt. 
Nah you just can't jokes.
That too. D'oh, I'm such a bitch!
Yeah, read that story about four years ago
Fish swim and elephants have trunks. Combining them would give you "swimming trunks," or shorts used for swimming. 
You're always here when I need you the least...
Yep, this is no doubt one of those kind of jokes that are better if you tell it in different voices. 
A pirate with a steering wheel stuck in his arse walks into a bar and orders a shot of rum. A man at the bar stares at the pirate in astonishment and stammers, "you know...you have a steering wheel stuck in your arse." The pirate finishes his shot and says, "Aargh! I know...it's drivin' me nuts!"
Imagine his first day taking a dump and then forgetting about that hook . . . ouch!
Imagine his first day masturbating and forgetting about the hook.
But imagine the second day... ;) 
Also he's a pirate, so he and that open wound will be around a lot of saltwater.
When the seagull pooped in his eye the pirate tried to use his hand to wipe it off, but instead be poked his eye out. 
You don't get downvoted usually...
Didn't he already sell everything he owns?
Yes, and he got money In exchange, which he then traded in for chips. The chips are now all he owns. It was sort of poorly worded, but he was just betting his money, not his belongings.
I don't get it. Explain please.
This is one of my favourites.
Well, did he?
This is almost as bad as Nate and Lever.
Typically when characters get voices or feelings that tell them to do something it ends up leading the character to fame, fortune, or other good things. In this case, the premonition accidentally fucked the character over. It's a parody of sorts.
This deserves well more than it has, yes bravo. 
You didn't seem to get much love for this, but came here to say it was worth the read :) I was dead stare the whole read, and then giggle-snorted at the punchline. Bravo, sir. 
Unfortunately,  My peripheral vision picked up the punch line when I was on the sentence above it..Good read; something inside me wants to do the same thing (minus the hearing voices).
I knew somethign like that was coming, so I covered the bottom with my hand so I couldnt spoil it for myself.
What do you call a mexican with a rubber toe. .Roberto...
what do you call a Mexican Canadian?
Joser
Lame.
Great joke. I like it.
No, no, no. If a Mexican loses his car he is Joaquin...duh. 
Jedi still going back to her
Aldaraan is a fictional planet in the Star Wars Universe, most notably home to Princess Leia. "Alderaan" sounds like "all the wrong" in all the wrong places. 
Pointing out the obvious, he is.
I have a misadequate feeling about this.
I usually find dead hookers.
Fancy as fuck
How about an "alligator in a police vest" instead?
Or how 'bout an alligator that works at Morgan Stanley?
You get where I'm coming from.
No need to add the extra detail
Obligatory 
Heh, that's a cool subreddit thank you.
*wares
Thanks. 
I heard this joke but it was a mailman asking if their dog bites, kid says no, dog bites, kid says this isn't their dog.
Was in Pink Panther also 
That one is better. Violence is funny.
It is a lot of things. But it Shirley isn't cool.
Reminds me of another Roman joke..A roman walks into a bar and orders a martinus.
The Bartender asks "Did you mean martini?"
The roman says "if I wanted a double I'd ask for one."
I read the title way to fast and thought it said woman.
Things get tricky when you want 3, 4, 6, or 7 drinks...
It has been a very long time since I've read a joke I had never read before...bonus points for it being funny ! 
if you count in binary on your hands, two fingers could be 24.
Oh! I first read, "A woman walked into a bar......"
this joke is gay beacuz he said please
I think 4 or 6 could be confusing.
Just remember that whatever you see, he sees the opposite.
I don't get it but I see the potential.
two fingers up in the shape of a V. which looks identical to the roman numeral for 5
but some people start with their thumb when counting on their hands, which would look like an L
"Give me 50 beers, please."
Fun fact: in Swedish sign language, that would mean "7". .The numbers from one two five are made by holding up the appropriate amount of fingers, starting with your index finger. .So 1 is just the index finger, for 2 you add the middle finger, 4 is all fingers except the thumb and 5 is all 5 fingers. 
When you get to 6,you start over, but you begin with the thumb. Since all five fingers when starting with the thumb is identical to all five fingers when starting with the index finger, ten is just a fist. 
silly swedes only having one hand for counting
Our socialist death squads amputated everyone's right hand some years back, so everyone would be equal to the people who had lost a hands on an accident, and also so the right handed patriarchy couldn't oppress the left handed minority. Such is life in socialist country. We yearn for American freedom. 
Well in American sign language and French sign language you do as well
Damn _ 
Good thing this bar is not in Scotland. He'd be in a lot of trouble. 
Haha. Thanks. :)
no problem. happy to help. ;D
Oh, I thought you were making a joke on "electric potential", which is measured in volts (.).
I wish I was that clever.
I always ask people to give the Roman high-five, but no one gets it.  
What exactly would that be?
Another way to do that joke (at least for a slapstick routine) is to ask it, then jab them in the eyes a la the Three Stooges. That way you get the dumb slapstick, and a slightly witty joke all rolled up in one. 
Go Team Venture!
You say "Give me a Roman high-five", and make the piece symbol, but hand is facing outward (think of Churchill's V for victory sign).  They do the same, and you touch hands.  The reason why it's a Roman high five is the "V" you make with your hands.  "V" is the symbol for the number 5 in Roman numerology (I, II, III, IV, V etc...).
But you end up with no friends.
Pfft... friends are only good for doing jokes like these. 
:D a whim away a whim away
annnnd now I have "Can you Feel the Love Tonight?" stuck in my head. The fuck did you do to me?
I think it's you.
It'e weird though. I guess it's because I read it so slowly. I'm a really slow reader. Read it slow and it sounds like it has the rhythm of the line "you needent look too far" Something like that. Idk.
genius
A wimoweh, a wimoweh, a wimoweh, a wimoweh, a-.Now I can't get it out of my head.
I was more referring to 'itsme0' -> "it's me"
Damn it. I made this my username just for the jokes, but whenever someone actually uses it in a joke I'm too oblivious to realize it. :P
you bastard 
I'm thinking 'metaphors' would make a whole lot more sense than 'puns' in this context. 
You might want to check out how this was told a week or so ago.
I have heard this joke before but I never really got how Little Johnny's question was as similar to the teachers. She was asking a math question, but Johnny came up with a more realistic answer. In this case, it seems like a thinking question with an outside the box answer. That always ticked me off about this joke.
"The one with a wedding ring" doesn't make any sense either.  If that was an acceptable answer, you just say "the one who has a husband."  
I don't get it...
that's just the kind of comment I expect from a user with monotonous numbers at the end of a name that surely wasn't already taken
He'll be 19 this October.
Sucking dick.
I've heard this joke before and I still think it's a funny one. :D
I think he meant that his Father slept with Augustus' mother. Augustus thought that his father may have bones that guy's mother but it was the other way round
The way I read it, Augustus assumed he banged the man's mother making Augustus the father, but actually the man's dad banged Augustus's mother making Augustus his half-brother.
Not sure if trolling ...and my dad fucked your mom, making you my half brother because you look just like me?  .Well it's actually the other way. The result is still the same though.
It's a gay Romans joke
I think the man in the crowd means to imply that his father was porking a member of the royal family.
Augustus wonders if maybe the man is his half brother, through the same father.  Meaning, that the man's mother worked there and had an affair with Augustus.  But it turns out that Augustus' mother was actually the one having the affair.  So his father isn't his father.
maybe he's saying augustus slept with his father..
Or option 2, which I actually think is correct, He's calling Augustus his father
Well, can't it be both?
oh, yeah. not sure why i didn't think of that.i thought augustus was implying the guy was his son
There's that possibility, too.  But the final outcome is the same.
i was reading it as."Augustus: did your mother (who i banged) visit rome?.Guy: no, but my father did (and banged your wife(?))".but that doesn't make sense; he has to think the guy is his brother
Yeah, they wouldn't look alike if it was Augustus' wife
Credit: Robin Williams
he's  obviously not sque..
No
SUCH a stretch.
Ramadan kareem!
nice one
Shalalalala bamba jihad kebabs. Durka durka amish stead, shalak min hookah. Frikkin legit language guys. Keep up the musliming 
calm down osama
this comment thread: i don't like muslims, because muslims are different than me.Reddit is awful.nice joke though
[deleted]
ok knob head firstly it depends on what part of the world your in at the moment in London it's from 4am till around 9.30pm and secondly reading your message gives me a head ache
Thank you for non offensive material on the Internet. 
Salaam aleikum.
And unto you be peace. Not sure why all the downvotes...
Wa alaikum wa Salam keefak habeebe? 
Lak shoo?
Malak wala?
Actually it is different in all the places. Its from sunrise to sunset. Here in the UK its from 3am to 9pm. So were not really just "skipping lunch" we're not eating or drinking anything for almost 19 hours
Exactly. Currently in Kuwait, it's ~3:45am to 7:00 pm, so yeah, big difference. 
Unless you're in northern Norway where the sun currently isn't setting.. In which case they are observing the same times as Mecca.
For those who don't get it, its cos the muslims are currently in Ramadan, which means they cant eat/drink whenever the sun is up for a month..Still, poor sucker...
thanks
so technically they can eat when the sun is in the sky as long as they're upside down
Dude, you're an idiot..The earth is flat; didn't you hear?
Turns out, space pictures make the earth look round because the lense was round
You idiot..The space pictures were all a hoax.
But if they were roaming the desert without food or water for an extended period of time, then they would be allowed to eat, seeing as they haven't for days.
I guess, just means he'll have to pray extra/donate more $$$ :P.P.S. I'm not muslim, I'm a chinese who lives in a multi-racial community.
Not really, a muslim who does this without justification has to donate to the poor, but one with justification needs only make up the day ;p
Malaysian?
Singaporean...
:P My friend's dad had to cos he couldn't take leave from his sports coaching, which involves plenty of running...
Can't help but think that it came from vlogbrothers...
Good one.
Small- regarding the fact that he is 3 feet tall.Medium- regarding the fact that he is a psychic .At large- meaning that he had escaped prison 
Thanks I thought by "small medium" they meant something like making art with tiny grains of sand or maybe circus fleas instead of a typical medium like acrylics or clay.
how much comment karma do you have from doing this?
About 300 from this sub, most of my karma comes from askreddit. My highest rated post was not a joke explanation 
Then what was it?
you're my hero on . 
Is this really necessary?
Well, he's marginally better than the doofus who always posts "I don't get it. Can someone explain?"
Look at his username. 

Hodor. 
Hodor.
Hodor?
Huh odor!
Hodor?
Hodor!

Funny enough, me and my brother would have water gun fights and fill our water guns with boiled water. At a certain point you didn't care about getting hit with the cold water because you had already gotten wet. Brought the fear back into the game..We sure were weird kids...
Fuck dude.
We did something similar with hydrochloric acid.
Really upping the difficulty setting there, weren't you? 
Ohhh, you.
Liquid nitrogen is where it's at.
Nah, that shit is too kiddy. Molten lava is where it's at.
^ never handled liquid nitrogen irl
Never thought the day would come that I would feel embarrassed for revealing my ignorance about liquid nitrogen on the Internet.
You idiot..That lava would burn you.
Not if you spray it on other people.
I heard this one a little differently..100 nuns were gathered together before one of the priests, who had said that there was some terrible news.."One of you has engaged in intercourse!" he said to the nuns. 99 nuns exclaimed "Oh no!" while one giggled "Tee hee hee."."Not only that, but they used birth control!" he said to the nuns. 99 nuns exclaimed "Oh no!" while one giggled "Tee hee hee."."We predicted this would happen, however," said the priest. "I took the liberty of puncturing the condoms, rendering them useless!".99 nuns giggled "Tee hee hee."
while one fainted.
Well, the idea is you leave that open for the listener to extrapolate.
Well, that might be the idea, but it is funnier if you say it explicitly.
Whenever my legs talk, they say, "left right left right left..."
Thigh gap?
Her legs were open so much, they literally never met (or touched).
Where's that guy, YourJokeExplained?
I killed him. 
If I'm correct, aren't Jehovah's witnesses Mormon? If so, they wouldn't be accepting coffee. 
How do you say Jahova's Witness in Chinese?.Ding-dong!
Jehovah's Witnesses usually spread their word by going door to door. Most of the time, people ignore them, so this man is not used to telling his stories because no one opens the door for him. 
On a on a on a on a.... I hear a song beginning in my head. 
Do you know what you get when you cross a Jehovah's Witness with a Unitarian?.Someone who knocks on your door for no particular reason.
Never heard this. very good one.
so yeah this one time i was swaggin hard with my dawgs ( ma scoot crew)
and a couple nuns come out of no where and are like ur swags is so tight can we suck your dicks ofcorse we were like no way cuz cuz nuns look like penguins and penguins are gay as fuck so we kept swaggin hard that jus scootin round town and watnot swaggin hard. word to the herd
You are unbelievably funny. 
Wiener!
Cock.
since when are hot dogs made of chicken?
since chicken was cheaper than beef, your typical hotdog that is not what they consider top-shelf will be either pork and/or chicken with the possibility of been or turkey mixed into the blend..they taste alright, but not as good as the beef.
oh, that's news to me. i figured it was just spare meat.
wee wee.
Well, better Nate than Lever.
That is my favorite joke ever.
I don't know this for a fact, but I'm pretty sure deaf people cheat at charades...
Shouldn't it be, "The next morning the wife *signs"?
Well, sign language is a language so I think "says" is acceptable. She just said it with her hands rather than her voice.
i think he meant more of a *sigh-ns... because she was not satisfied...
Groan. )))SMACK(((
ba dum tiss.
True.
Right. Just like we say things like "The book says ___". The book didn't say anything audible but conveyed a message nonetheless. 
As a deaf guy, this made my day. 
I could barely imagine you reading this.
Can you read this then? ..: ::. :. ..: :.: .:.  .: ::. :. ..: :.. .:..: :. .. :.:
Hey, don't say that to him!
That's Braille...which is for blind people
Thatsthejole.jpg (I hope.. I really do)
I love this joke, first time I heard it was on the Sopranos, I think Paulie was telling it hah.
For one second i tought i was at . 
You . a hybrid.
I've heard this with a slightly different delivery. .Still a classic shock joke. 
so, who fucked the goat ?
Why do the goat herders rush off when their shift is over?
They don't want to get the ugly one...
The kids are alright. 
Nothing goat, probably
thought this was gonna have something to do with greeks. damn. disapointment.
Baaaaaaaad things
you get goatman. duh.
Amateur, you go to the pig pen painted pink and covered in mud.  Then you fuck all the pigs.  Following this you wait until the pig gives birth to something like piglet from whinnie the pooh.
Literally? 
The Welsh have attempted this for centuries.
Goatse?
I always say it as:.It's a bit less muddled on delivery.
Oh, Goatley!

hugoat weaving!  r/punny!
I was going to say, "I don't know but MaAaAaAan was it a good time."
I actually thought this was ask Reddit for a minute haha. Also, LTZeyphyr, its totally meant to be an Aussie for the punchline haha, us Kiwis are way too cool for that :)
Evidently someone hasn't ever heard that song by Loverboy.
I thought it was going to say baaaaaaaaaaa-d things.
A crazy mixed up kid?
Daniel Bryan, that's what!
Ah, the old 2 way petting zoo. 
A heated debate on the ethics of genetic engineering
Kids!
Funny, the company I work for has done just this. However in our case, the outcome is that the goats produce a human protein in their milk, which is then extracted and purified.
Alternative answer: The Welsh

solid repost.
No, I think it's probably meant to be the country that has waaaayyyy more sheep than people. Black sheep is based in New Zealand after all....
you form taylor swift?
Kiwi reporting in: I am too cool for that.
To be fair Australia has 100,000,000 sheep give or take.
republicans?
That was a tragic war, I'll have you know..
And you get labeled a goatfucking terrorist. 
They actually prefer sheep but close enough..Have an upvote, Sir!
Don't know, ask your mum and dad?
Username relevant....
You aren't a Kiwi or an Aussie are you? It's like Americans and Canadians, or English and French. We love to hate and insult each other all the time haha.
Nah, I'm English. We make fun of colonials almost (not quite though) as much as we make fun of the French. The important thing to remember is that while we actually do hate the French, with colonials it's all in good fun.
But the Australian Sheep to Human ratio is less than 5 to 1, while New Zealand's is a little over 7 to 1..Australia has approximately 120 million sheep and approximately 20 million people while New Zealand has about 45 million sheep and about 4 million people..New Zealand's land area being 268,021 km. , that means (If I put the correct number of zeros into the calculator) that they have about 168 sheep per square kilometer..
Australia's land area being 7,692,024 km. that means they have about 16 sheep per square kilometer..Based on these calculations, I'd say there is a higher probability that a New Zealander is going to fuck a sheep than an Australian.
Heavy petting zoo.
Good .. 
I joined a new fantasy football league a few years ago.  Heavy Petting Zoo was the league commissioner's team name.  I asked him want other NOFX albums he liked.  After he stared at me blankly, I knew he had no idea who NOFX was.  I have been giving him shit ever since and he has no idea why I don't like him.
Nice to see someone keeping punk rock elite.  Maybe he got it from a Wheel of Fortune "before and after" or something.
I think it makes more sense when you ask what you get when you inject human DNA into a goat.
What happens when you combine human and sheep DnA?.Bahaahahahd results.

I heard another version of this joke with the punchline, "A New Zealander".
What's the difference between the Rolling Stones and a Scottish sheepherder?.One says, "Hey, you, get off my my cloud!".The other says, "Hey, McCloud! Get off of my ewe!"
Fucking Fox.
How about no.
No, fucking sheep.
As a New Zealander, I'm offended: it should be sheep.
As another New Zealander, I can confirm this.
Just want to say that the Ben Stiller Documentary on you guys was great.  Especially the part where you guys build The Center For Kids Who Can't Read Good And Wanna Learn To Do Other Stuff Good Too. Really touching.
Just a reminder: The Welsh were shagging sheep way before Australia or New Zealand were colonised.
You better recognize!
How does a Welshman find a sheep in a field of tall grass?.Irresistible.  
The Greeks revolutionized sex by using sheep intestines as condoms. The Romans revolutionized sex by removing the condom from the sheep before using it.
Oh my.... Oh my, oh my. 
Ew.
Ewe. 
That pun was bad and you should feel ..
Then why did reading it feel so good?
Maybe cuz you're already halfway deep in a...
coma
The kids were too attractive to pass up.
Goats n' hoes.
That's my snap chat username hahaha
Your username is dltnguidry?
