One of my favorite .!
Bart the Fink
Season 7 Episode 15
"Wait a minute. That's not the wallet inspector..."
Homer Goes to College
Season 5 Episode 3
I Love Lisa
Season 4 Episode 15
I pay the Homer tax. Let the bears pay the bear tax!
Looks like it's bad news for the.. Impson family!
Not a bear in sight. The bear patrol must be working like a charm!
Bear patrol steps up bombing campaign
Lisa, I would like to buy your rock.
Much Apu About Nothing
Season 7 Episode 23
Dad, that's the home-. tax.
Either way, I'm still outraged!
HI DR.NICK
Don't worry, you won't feel a thing... until I jam this down your throat!
Homer vs. the Eighteenth Amendment
Season 8 Episode 18
I've got "Esk", "Ca-tarl"...
All this computer hacking has made me thirsty. I think I'll order a tab.
Venting prevents ex-plo-she-on. Woo, boy, this is hard. Where's my tab?!
This was apparently one of the most asked tech support questions back in the day. Also, where's my Tab? 
no time for that, the computer's starting!
Ahh!!! y, y, y, ...y....y....y
King-Size Homer
Season 7 Episode 7
Who the devil are you? 
'Don't panic. Just come up with a good story.' ... 'My name is Mr. Burns.'
D'oh
Marge in Chains
Season 4 Episode 21
Hooooonk
Selma's Choice
Season 4 Episode 13
Radioactive Man
Season 7 Episode 2
"How do you sleep at .?"
This is like Rebecca Black recording an album with Sir Paul McCartney.
god no
buh
ugh 
Well. Isn't this the worst idea in the history of The Simpsons since... Ever? This sort of stuff should stay in the occasional crossover comic books, where it's easier to experiment with and less permanent as canon.
That's sounds awful. Seriously family guy can not sink any lower and I can't stand the idea of a crossover. 
Fuck
WHY?
What's the big deal? Why is everyone so upset about this? I think it's a neat idea.
I can't believe they are doing this and not a Simpsons/Futurama crossover. The Simpsons is officially dead to me.
Up next, The Flintstones meet the Jetsons!
Matt Groening had his name taken off the credits for A Star Is Burns, and that was actually a good episode. What's he gonna have to do this time, burn down the animation studio?
Simpsons already did it.
Am I the only guy that likes both shows still?
Ke$ha, Lady Gaga, Sadgasm
I don't care too much since it's a Family Guy episode starring the Simpsons and not the other way around, but I think a lot of people are getting upset because The Simpsons has a much higher standard of writing than Family Guy.
It's an episode of Family Guy, not The Simpsons. I don't think people are realizing this. 
But still whether you do an in call or an out call going you're still sleeping with a diseased, cheap hooker. 
They're not doing a Simpsons/Futurama crossover yet, because Futurama is still good!
Neither is still good
Modern Simpsons is no Paul McCartney. .Unless you mean old Paul McCartney.
Meh, Family Guy can get a few cheap laughs out of me still, but the Simpsons still gets quite a lot of laughs (cheap or not) from it..See, the thing with this thread (and any other thread/subreddit) if that everyone acts like a culture snob and can't appreciate cheap humor.
No, the worst idea in the history of The Simpsons was updating Homer and Marge's relationship origin story into the 90s.
That was pretty horrible, but do you really think that was worse than this?.
My list right now is:.
1. Simpsons Guy crossover.
2. Kesha spoof intro.
3. That first Apple spoof episode
Or that Lady Gaga episode. Or the one with Moe's talking bar rag.
The lady gaga episode was so bad that calling it the worst episode ever does a disservice to CBG's catchphrase. 
Moe has had a talking bar rag?.. I'm glad I stopped watching regularly seasons ago.
I do think it was worse than this. .If this crossover was going to be an episode of The Simpsons, maybe I'd be more concerned, but it's an episode of Family Guy where they go to Springfield. I don't know how they're going to make it work, but Family Guy has always been a wackier show that rarely makes sense anyway. Simpsons fans can just easily choose to ignore this. But as far as I see it, The Simspons lost the moral authority to complain about crossovers when they did one with The Critic nearly 20 years ago.
Yes
 I smell another cheap cartoon crossover...
I feel like chicken tonight. Chicken tonight!
Ow, this sandwich took a bite out of me!
Lisa vs. Malibu Stacy
Season 5 Episode 14
BOO!
Cape Feare
Season 5 Episode 2
Fox Network has sunk to a new low. 
You suck, McBain!
ya, thank you, ya, that's niiiice.
Say hello to my music guy...Scoy. Nice jacket Scoy. It makes you look like a homosexual.
At Long Last Leave
Season 23 Episode 14
THIS WAS POSTED AN HOUR AGO!.HOW DO YOU DO THIS?
I know my Simpsons.
Dude you are on every single Simpsons screen shot..Hats off to you sir.
Are you in NYC? Want to join my Simpson's trivia team?
No sorry i live in near Vancouver in Canada, or else I would join.
King-Size Homer
Season 7 Episode 7
Radioactive Man
Season 7 Episode 2
Everybody dance now!
zzaaaaappp
hot stuff coming through
Just on Fox tonight. Excellent.
Heeheehe!  Look at his curly little tail!
Hello, Dean?  You're a stupid head.
Par-ty down?
Curly...Straight! Curly...Straight! Curly...Straight!
We played Dungeons & Dragons for three hours! Then I was slain by an elf. 
Look at you!  You're hanging with nerds!
You take that back! .My favorite episode of The Simpsons. Seen it dozens of times. 
Homer, is that you?
That pig has powerful friends.
Oh, you'll pay. Don't think you won't pay!
Every Nixon appearance in the Simpsons cracks me up. 
"I'd, uh, also like to express my fondness for... that particular beer."
BOOOO!
"That man never had a duff in his life!"
Nerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrd!
Hey buddy did you get a load of the nerd?!?!
Pardon me?
Homer Goes to College
Season 5 Episode 3
Wallet inspector...
Here you go, I believe everything is in order.
Wait a minuet....that's not the wallet inspector!
HAAAA HAAAA HAAAA, HAAAA HAAAA-heeheeeheeheeheehee...
Dog of Death
Season 3 Episode 19
Can someone tell me what episode this is from? 
Season 3, 8F17, "Dog of Death."
Dog of Death
All hail King Homer!
I love how in the next scene he's dwarfing sky scrapers

14 carat gold!
LOOK CLOSER LENNY.
I've found so many excuses to use this line in real life. Voiced ALLCAPS too, of course.
I first watched Paint Your Wagon just because of this episode, surprisingly enjoyable.  Critics don't seem to like it but what do they know.  Great movie for a lazy Sunday.
Today is wednesday....
All Singing, All Dancing
Season 9 Episode 11
I love these REAL lazy Saturdays... not like that fake Saturday, Wednesday, that almost got me fired!
I always laughed the hardest at . and . reaction
We're just painting a wagon. You got a problem with that?.As a matter of fact I do.. You missed a spot..Well, grab a brush and join in!
Here comes Lee Marvin! Thank god! He's always drunk and violent!
I'm gonna paint this wagon.I'm gonna paint it fine.I'm going to use oil-based paint.because this wood is pine
Ponderooooooosa pine!
OOOOO
flanders looks hilarious
"Here fishy fishy fishy...."
He'll be back
Flanders! My socks feel dirty-- give me some water to wash them!
I'm sorry, but Ernest Borgnine has already been confirmed!
Don't you know the rhyme?  Water-water, so let's all have a drink!
I got that for my birthday!
Thanks for posting . but with a different picture.
Wasn't intentional, sorry. Gave you an upvote.
Boy-Scoutz 'n the Hood
Season 5 Episode 8
Homer washing his socks brings me to tears every time. 
Seagulls only stay near land! They only go out to sea to die!
The timing of this joke was amazing.
Saddlesore Galactica
Season 11 Episode 13
Treehouse of Horror IV "The Devil and Homer Simpson"
Season 5 Episode 5
If the Griffins come to Springfield, I hope that they meet the Cat Lady.
The Burns and the Bees
Season 20 Episode 8
Some people would call you a hero..Not me, however, I loved Krusty.
Sex Cauldron? I thought they closed that place down.
All right, this is dedicated to Bart Simpson, with the message, "I am coming to kill you slowly . painfully."
The Bart, the. 
Ugh, this coffee is too hot!
 Neeeeoooorrrghhhhhhh....... Neeeeoooorrrghhhhhhh....... Neeeeoooorrrghhhhhhh......
We oppose the term urine soaked hellhole when you could have said peepee soaked heckhole.
Who wants to drive through a cactus field?!
Yeah!.Yeah! .No. .Welp, two against one. 
Cape Feare
Season 5 Episode 2
Grift of the Magi
Season 11 Episode 9
Homer Loves Flanders
Season 5 Episode 16
Much Apu About Nothing
Season 7 Episode 23
Brother from the Same Planet
Season 4 Episode 14
Homer to the Max
Season 10 Episode 13
Home Sweet Homediddly-Dum-Doodily
Season 7 Episode 3
Homer Alone
Season 3 Episode 15
The Wizard of Evergreen Terrace
Season 10 Episode 2
I just mopped that driveway 
Treehouse of Horror II "Homer's Nightmare"
Season 3 Episode 7
Nice
Sorry but I want the muumuu more
I didn't know we could do that.
Secrets of a Successful Marriage
Season 5 Episode 22
'Tis the Fifteenth Season
Season 15 Episode 7
Treehouse of Horror III "Clown Without Pity"
Season 4 Episode 5
My favorite line ever. 
This is hour 57 of our live, round-the-clock coverage outside the Simpson estate. Remember, by the way, to tune in at eight o'clock for highlights of today's vigil, including when the garbage man came, and when Marge Simpson put the cat out... possibly because it was harassed, we don't know.
"Now, here are some results from our phone-in poll: 95% of people believe Homer Simpson is guilty. Of course, this is just a television poll which is not legally binding. Unless proposition 304 passes, and we all pray it will."
Homer Badman
Season 6 Episode 9
This episode has been ruined for me ever since my friend pointed out that you can . make out the thermal image of Homer breaking down and crying into his hands before it switches to the oven. 
Radioactive Man
Season 7 Episode 2
The Regina Monologues
Season 15 Episode 4
Homer the Vigilante
Season 5 Episode 11
Mr. Simpson, how do you respond to the charges that petty vandalism such as graffiti is down eighty percent, while heavy sack-beatings are up a shocking nine hundred percent?
Oh people can come up with statistics to prove anything, Kent. Forfty percent of all people know that.
"Oh, Kent, I'd be lying if I said my men weren't committing crimes."
Homer singing along to Lisa's jug-music makes me smile just thinking about it.
"Lisa, never EVER stop in the middle of a hoe-down"
It's Hammer!
"HAHAHA THAT KID'S GOT BUSOMS! Someone give me a towel!"
"Please don't make me run! I'm full of chocolate!"
Lisa's Rival
Season 6 Episode 2
was just on in Chicago.  Great episode!
I don't get mad.. I get stabby.
You have to push they key in as you turn...yeah that's it 
But Marge, that little guy hasn't done anything yet. He's going to do something and you know its going to be good!


Awww
It's not ..
Don't forget fat people.   They can't stop eating. 
They'll kill you five times before you hit the ground.
The Twisted World of Marge Simpson
Season 8 Episode 11
My wife keeps asking, Where is the pretzel money? When are you getting the pretzel money? She is very insistent about such things
Why aren't you getting the pretzel money now, and so forth...so please, the money?
*da money
This is true
Hall of Famer Whitey Ford now on the field pleading with
              the crowd for... for some kind of sanity.
You can call them Whitey Whackers
....AND HEEEERE COME THE PRETZELS
This is a black day for baseball.
Thanks, I'd love an omelette right about now!
Viva Ned Flanders. Season 10 Episode 10.
How's it hanging, Grimey?
I didn't even know what a nuclear panner plant was.
But WHY?!
One of the greatest lines ever!
I still don't understand how he caused the meltdown, there was no radioactive material in the truck!
Homer Goes to College
Season 5 Episode 3
Let's just say he couldn't "bee" here today
I spotted this picture of Homer on the bumper of a car the other day on the road. I would have tried to snap a picture of it if I wasn't driving. Something tells me the guy driving it put it there to say, "Kiss my ass." Not so much as, a bee bit my bottom.
umm excuse me prof. brainiac but I've worked in a nuclear power plant for 10 years, I think I know how a proton accelerator works
In there, guys.
thanks homer
It's pronounced, "Noocyuler."
Aw, you guys are pathetic. No wonder Smithers made me head bee-guy.
Aww we did bad!
Simpson, you diabolical...we're willing to pay you $2000 for the swarm
The Twisted World of Marge Simpson
Season 8 Episode 11
"Here's our chef...Christopher."
(angry shouting in Arabic[?])
I thought this was the original quote. But then Matt Groening was made to change it to "Methodists" due to it somehow being less offensive...
In the commentary of this episode, the Catholic Church complained about this scene. That's why they changed all references to Catholicism to Methodist (well at some points, but they did have that stupid episode where Bart became Catholic). I wish they didn't though. Obviously they didn't get that the joke was that superbowl commercials are weird.
Hands down my favorite episode. 
I also like the one when the feminists are protesting and the duff beer delivery guys hose them down with beer... then they transform into slutty-looking women with signs that say things like "im easy"
What episode is this?! If only there was someone obsessively posting episode titles on all of these...
I think this should be added to the ruleset. Post episode number in title..This looks like from the newer episodes though?
For a very short time a few months back, there was an episode number bot. A miracle to say the least, but I don't see it around anymore. :-(
"Sunday, Cruddy Sunday".Season 10, Episode 12
Thanks JimmyDean.
I like how the hood of the car is doubling as that dudes boner.Edit: and is positioned right at Blondie's mouth!
...Mom are we Catholic?
The cross only appears in the last frame. 
Boy, I really hope somebody got fired for that blunder!
I came here looking for just this.
These Super Bowl commercials are weird...
the second frame looks pretty...suspicious, I wonder if that was done on purpose?
I'm pretty sure that is done on purpose.
Good, but he bottom caption should of been typed as, "We've made a few... Changes". The pause is what gets me everytime.
The Computer Wore Menace Shoes
Season 12 Episode 6
We were sitting in Barney's car eating packets of mustard. Ya happy?
This makes me very angry!
Remember ALF? he's back! in POG form!
The most illegal shot in the history of the show
Shh!  You want to get sued!
The Springfield Files
Season 8 Episode 10
Tbennet248, you're cut
interesting...
Bart Star
Season 9 Episode 6
Out of all the times I've seen this scene, I'm only just now noticing Dale, Bill & Boomhauer in the background.
0_0 .You're right. :o

Love the crossover.  
I pirated an entire season for a few funny seconds?
If it's literally 2000 miles from Arlene, Texas. Couldn't we find the real Springfield?.Although the real Springfield has already been stated. But it's only based on the real Springfield, because it doesn't have a nuclear power plant.
I'll tell you hwhat.
I've always wanted to know who they were there to watch on the Arlen team. Doesn't really make sense that they're there since Bobby doesn't play football.
It's texas.
... You're over thinking things
It's my curse. I'm the guy that tries to talk people out of liking movies because of some really overthought plot hole.
Actually, it's just a football thing.  Places where H.S. Football is popular, i.e. Texas--lots of people go to the games.  Alum, people who live in the area, etc.  It's just what they do.  They're not there to see anyone in particular, but hopefully they'll see a future Heisman or NFL Draft Candidate.
But following the HS Football team? Really? I doubt anyone would do something like that.
Joseph
"My Baby Joseph isn't ready to hear about the birds and the bees"
"Dale he's 6 feet tall and has a mustache, I think it's time"
Here is what the linked meme says in case it is blocked at your school/work or is unavailable for any reason:
I really liked this whole episode, it was a gem in a pile of crap
Moe Baby Blues
Season 14 Episode 22
"Uhh I sleep in a racing car. Do you?"."I sleep in a big bed with my wife."  ."Oh... yeah."
Okay! Be careful, sweet, sweet treasure!
A Milhouse Divided
Season 8 Episode 6
ahaha! .and its got your face on it .AHhahahhaha
"17" D'oh!
Kamp Krusty
Season 4 Episode 1
Just remember when you see my report card, they've got this whole new grading system this year.  It now goes D-B-A-C.
I played it for a week last year. The whole 1-24 hour waiting time to do stuff made it more of a chore. .As much as I love the simpson's this is a terrible game. And that's coming from someone that still plays 'Bart's Nightmare' on SNES from time to time. 
I've tried to add you but i get a error message. Try to add me: bramvanham972
I sent you a request and I guess you accepted it but it says that you don't have it
Didn't I?
The Springfield Files
Season 8 Episode 10
Let me just get something, out of my car.
May the force be with you
I'd say this vessel could do at least warp 4
It's warp 5!!

A solar eclipse, the cosmic ballet goes on.
Homer Sexuals steamed hams
Let the bears pay the bear tax,.I pay the homer tax.
Principal Charming
Season 2 Episode 14
22 Short Films About Springfield
Season 7 Episode 21
You have what is known as bonus erotus. It's a terrible disorder where the skeleton tries to leap out the mouth and escape the body. Now, I'll need a golf cart motor with a 12 volt capacitator, stat!
Up, up and away my beautiful 
The common box kite was originally used as a means of drying wet string!
Sideshow Bob's Last Gleaming
Season 7 Episode 9
In the olden days of yore, for syncing up character mouths with the audio track, the animators draw a "." that has a lot of different mouth positions that can be quickly traced on to each key frame. To save time, they probably didn't make more than a handful of stock mouth images of Bart with fangs. .So when he turns his head in a shot or does something expressive with his eyes (or whatever is happening around this bizarre frame), his mouth stays still, but it would happen so fast that you wouldn't normally notice without pausing. .Was this captured like 1/20th of a second before he leaps through Lisa's window glass?
The creators/writers explain this a few times in the episode commentaries. It's called twister mouth and they . . in the ..
It had something to do with how animation was made back then. A LOT of cartoons did this for the very same reason although I can't remember exactly why
Yes. I capped three frames just before he flies through the window. 
The animation is Season 5 was just kinda goofy to begin with compared to others.  "Homer Goes to College" and "Cape Feare" stand out the most to me.
"Cromulent" and "Embiggens" get all the credit, but the dreaded "Rear Admiral" will always be my favorite made-up thing on the show. 
Treehouse of Horror IV "Terror at 5 Feet"
Season 5 Episode 5
Mr. Plow
Season 4 Episode 9
This more than amuses me.
Remember the Batusi?
Heh heh, well it was nice meeting you. Justkeepmovingdon'tmakeeyecontact. 
I suppose youre only familiar with the new Batman movies. Michelle Pfeiffer? Ha! The only true Catwoman is Julie Newmar, Lee Meriwether, or Eartha Kitt. And I didnt need molded plastic to improve my physique. Pure. West.
"Are you really the head of the kwik e mart?
"yes"
"really?"
"yes"
"you?"
"yes"
Stop saying Hawaii in there!
Of course in Canada the whole thing's flip-flopped.

This was the reason i joined reddit after discovering .. For years my sister and I would go back and forth with quotes. I can't sleep with out the Simpsons on. Everyday I make references IRL and no one picks up on it. Now if only I could find a girl who knew what I was talking about. 
Careful there, are you really sure you want that? Think of how many times you've made fun of a co-worker or significant other using a Simpsons quote they didn't get and weren't as offended by as they should have been.
Or all the times something's happened and you made a funny Simpsons comment, and your gf didn't realize it was a Simpsons line and thought you were hillarious.
Haha interesting point I probably wouldn't seem so clever anymore..my whole life is a lie I've become one obscure reference after the other. I feel like when homer trys Flanders 5 alarm chili and Flanders breaks down 'its only 2 alarm 3 tops' and rod ' daddy are you going to jail?' 'we'll see son, we'll see'
He's bring peace and love.....................Break his legs!!!!!!!!!!!
Wait, wait, wait, wait! Let me see if I've got this straight. It's Christmas day, 4 AM, I feel like quoting The Simpsons-
We got a place for that!
Someone please tell me which episode this is from.
It's the one where they go to Flanders' cabin for the fourth of July, and Lisa tries a personality makeover on herself to try to make friends. 
The Summer of Four Ft. 2, I believe
I think this from when the family from playing Mystery Date and Bart pulled the dud... who looked just like Milhouse... 
I forgot my bathing suit too, but I improvise.......hello
I'm swimmin' nekkid. Sure, there may be a few uptight counselors who won't dig the Bart Philosophy, but I think the naked body is a thing of beauty.
I always thought I was the only one who noticed this reaction. It warms me to know so many people instantly recognize it.
This isn't reddit but if you ever go to 4chan go to /co/ (the comics and cartoons board) and make a simpsons quote thread. It's like a quoting wonderland! Also works great for other shows (like Spongebob) if you're into that sort of thing!
I can watch an episode of the Simpsons I have seen a million times, I say each line in my head right before its said on TV, and yet they still make me laugh (hard) every time.  
'Just because I don't care doesn't mean I don't understand'.'You don't know the REAL Homer; it's all burping and neglect!'
Doh!
More testicles mean more iron
"This bra bomb better work, nerdlinger!" "Nguhuy"
"Doh" Homer Simpson
".. and then he was all like "phhhh"
"oh yeah, I can totally see him going that"."Only kids could be THAT incoherent!"
Stop remembering TV and get back to work!
Pyle!!!
Shazam!!!
Lisa needs braces!

Iron helps us play!
Dental plan!
Lisa needs braces!
I call the big one Bitey.
Batman's a scientist?
Can't sleep, clown'll eat me.
Flinstones chewable morphine!
This is my favorite facial expression from the entire series. His slow realization that The Dud looks like Milhouse, and the pure joy that Homer receives from this always makes me crack up.
I like the one second delay from when Homer says the kids can go to Itchy and Scratchy Land (after relentless badgering) to their loud excited "Yay!"
Yes! A million times yes! I think this animation here is the best about why the old animation style is a million times better than the current robotic one.
I'm amazed at how people can quote lines from their favorite TV shows.  I'm terrible at it.  Do you guys have exceptional memory or do you watch the same episodes many times over?  Maybe both?
When I was in high school my family only had three TV channels, and two of them played Simpsons reruns every weekday (one at 5:00 and one at 10:00), so I often ended up watching two a day, and I'm pretty sure most of my friends at the time did the same. So all of us knew those same episodes backwards and forwards and would quote them on a regular basis in day-to-day life. In the same way that you need to be familiar with the Bible and Greek mythology in order to understand most Western literature, you would have had to be familiar with the Simpsons in order to understand the conversations me and my friends had. So a lot of those lines from classic episodes have been drilled into my brain as a result.
NEVER liked The Simpsons originally. Then a brother said ' you gotta watch the re-runs for like two weeks straight to get all the jokes'..And he was right. The station here ran them at 6 and 6:30 and then at 10 so I was a TON of reruns to start. 
Kind of cheating, but . 
I watched much too much television as a kid. Every night at 10 it was the family's ritual to watch The Simpsons and then send us to bed.
When you were watching the Simpsons daily, did you feel your brain getting damaged?
I have an awful memory and it's made my life miserable with girls and school. But I don't know why, I can look at this gif and instantly tell it's from when the simpsons goes to ned's cabin and their playing the game of life here. .I'd like to say I have a good memory when it comes to comedy, but the fact is I probably just watch too many episodes of simpsons
The fact of there being so many great lines helps, also repeats for majority of my life.
Makes sense, but still impressive to me.
I re-watch an episode from seasons 1-12 daily for no real reason.
i watch it until I fall asleep every night. Apparently I'm not the only one in this subreddit
I go from 1-9 are seasons 10-12 really worth getting? I probably watch the 9th season the least out of those, so i  figured I'd pass from then on.
Well for me, the Simpsons started slowly slipping on season 12, then lost a lot by season 15 and then became really stale by season 18. .But my favorite episodes from seasons 10-12 for me are:.Season 10:.Lisa Gets an "A".Homer Simpson in: "Kidney Trouble".Maximum Homerdrive.Thirty Minutes over Tokyo.Wild Barts Can't Be Broken.Viva Ned Flanders.Season 11:.Grift of the Magi.Alone Again, Natura-Diddily.Missionary: Impossible.Pygmoelian.It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad Marge.Saddlesore Galactica.Season 12:.Lisa the Tree Hugger.Children of a Lesser Clod.I'm Goin' to Praiseland.The Computer Wore Menace Shoes
hmm maybe i should check them out, i'm sure ive seen them all before like 20 times my favourite on season 9 was das bus
there are really good episodes in 10-12, but they are not like earlier seasons where every episode is great.  By 13 it is unwatchable.  You should check out some episodes from 10-12 though.
Ten is. I consider 1-10 canon. In season ten the things that make later season so bad are present (Homer going from endearingly dumb to aggressively stupid) but the jokes are actually funny so you can forgive the bad stuff. Then it goes off the rails in seasons 11 and 12..NED: "How do you do it Homer, how do you get rid of that little voice inside your head that says 'Think!'?".HOMER: "What, you mean Lisa?"
A lot of people believe it goes off the rails with "The Principal and the Pauper" (S09E02, which coincidentally involves actual rails).  I don't know if I'd agree with that, since there are a few good episodes after that in that in each season, but I would argue that the proportion of good-to-bad episodes drops below 1.0 around that time.
This episode gains a lot if you're familiar with ..
"I am a new tie wearing..."
I'm surprised that The Wizard of Evergreen Terrace is not on here. My favourite season 10 episode.
Go banana!
I'm so hungry I could eat at Arby's.
We tried to tell you these are unmanned oil rigs.
Okay, and where is this subreddit?
And how much are you charging for this free subreddit?
Out of my way, jerkass!
Out of my way, CANDYBOYS!.FTFY
FTFY.

You going to have to put some sugar in the celery or I'd have to ask you to leave ma'am.
I see, and when is this subreddit?
It's free, right? 
And this is the chair I'll be sitting in right?
Hmm... and it only transports matter?
So the cops knew that internal affairs were setting them up? 
Nananananananana Lead-er!
The Simpson's being awesome is a perfectly cromulent reason. 
I agree. 
I never heard the word cromulent until I moved to Springfield...
It certainly embiggens the smallest mood.
"Embiggens"? I never heard that word before I came to ..
It's a perfectly cromulent word.
Mmmm cromulent 
Mmmm, sacrilicious!
Mmmm, free goo. 
You're like a kid in some kind of store.
I like stories.

The doctor said I might have brain damage
Mr.Simpson, is that a crayon in your brain?
Increase my killing power, eh?!
Financial panther, eh? GET 'EM, SHEBA!
Maauddeee, aayeee?
the real one's inside a turtle...
I hope I didn't brain my damage.
You're living in a world of make-believe. With flowers and bells and leprechauns, and magic frogs with funny little hats.
Leprechauns aren't real, just like elves, gremlins and Eskimos!
The leprechaun told me to burn things
Oh that's ridiculous Lisa, everyone knows leprechauns are extinct!
It's just something they make up to scare kids, like the boogeyman or Michael Jackson.
I think that was supposed to be vampires
I'm aware.
Oh sure Lisa, some kind of magical animal.
Dad those all come from the same animal.

This is probably the only subreddit where just about every entry makes me smile. 
This is also the only subreddit where nobody really get's downvoted
Except for the fake downvotes.
It's like pure comedy mixed with intense nostalgia with every comment I read.
He looks just like you, Poindexter!
Is this gif from that episode? I don't recognize it but this immediately sprang to mind.
Hey shiftyskies! Did you know an anagram for your user name is 'kiss hey fist'?
Can you explain what "Poindexter" means? I couldn't find a translation
Dork, nerd, someone who is uncool 
It was the name of a couple nerdy characters in very old comics.

YES.  awesome homer quote
You got the dud!
Stand up for yourself, poindexter
What are you talking about boy, you have friends... you got the dud right here!
Ooh, the captain of the football team. He's a dreamboat. Don't wait up, Marge.
Oh boy, a carnival!
A little from column A, a little from column B! 
Smooooth. 
All right! I admit it! I'm the Lindbergh baby! Wah wah! Goo goo! I miss my fly-fly dada!
You goddamn genius

Itchy and Scratchyland bro :)
Thanks mate.
MY NAME IS HOMER SIMPSON
Who Shot Mr. Burns?
Season 6 Episode 25
(Hand)L School is Awful Rich.
Hibbert: Heh heh heh.  Well, I couldn't possibly solve this mystery. Can you?  [points at camera]
Ya ill try, I mean that's my job right?
The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons
Season 9 Episode 7
Stop chasing Ganesh, you're just going to get more Wrath!
I would say that Mr. Largo found out that they weren't on a date or that Frink was straight that's why he moved away. .I still don't get why they outed him as gay in the later part of the series. They could have just pulled a Smithers on him. It also doesn't help that he is placed slightly above Groundskeeper Willie in the school organization.
I was watching . and noticed early in the episode that Mr. Largo and Prof. Frink were sitting next to each other (see first image) and then seconds later noticed that Mr. Largo moved and next to Otto (second image).  .What could possible have gone wrong between them in such a short period?   
[deleted]
I think Marge was reaching for pop-corn.  .I doubt whether Mr. Largo moved because Marge annoyed him.  What was he doing sitting with Prof. Frink in the first place?  They've never been friends as far as I know.    
Now you see, that crossed my mind too, but then why sit next to Otto?  Unless Frink and Otto are bi, or that Largo misread signals.  .Or you know, maybe he was just trying to make new friends.
You mean "possibly." Nothing can possibly go wrong..That's the first thing that's ever gone wrong...
Ha ha!  Fantastic!  Thanks for brightening up my day.  
Professor Frink, Professor Frink, he'll make you laugh, he'll make you think... 
Ahhh, sinky sand!
Our next budget item: $12 for doorknob repair.
It was the 13th hour, of the 13th day, of the 13th month.
Willie Please!  Mr. Van Houten has the floor!
Treehouse of Horror VI "Nightmare on Evergreen Terrace"
Season 7 Episode 6
Nay
Thanks, I forgot to source!
Lousy Smarch weather.
I don't like the idea of Milhouse having two spaghetti dinners in one day
Recharge fire extinguishers?
Now, this is a, uh, free service of the fire department --
Lousy Smarch weather. 
Lisa's Rival
Season 6 Episode 2
And you thought I wouldn't make any money. I found a dollar waiting for the bus. 
Woo-hoo! 4 day weekend!
I wish they would make an HD remake of this game
Congratulations..I quit halfway because I got way too stressed due to the timer and the camera made me dizzy. It wasn't "LIFE-RUININGLY FUN" for me but I did like the jokes. I wish they sort of made a playthrough video like they did in Futurama as a bonus in one of their DVD sets..Now if only Simpsons Tapped Out didn't require too much time and donuts/real world money.
They're saying without spending donuts to press time,  the boardwalk will take 8.5 months to complete. That's a bit ridiculous. 
Of course I'm still going to play. 
I could never finish the seventh mission on the seventh level. I've been trying for years... :/
That's funny, I was running this game in 1600x1200..That's enough definitions for me, this game still looks great.
i just want it on my PS3
Do you own a PS2 or a backwards compatible PS3?.It's a shame it's not on PSN.
at this point it would be the only game i would need a PS2 for. everything else is at at least a Classic
The expression on that deer's face is priceless.
Mr Senator, we want to drill for oil in Teddy Roosevelt's head...
Mr. Lisa Goes to Washington
Season 3 Episode 2
Thanks!  I knew it was an early episode, couldn't place it though.  Guess I need to rewatch season 3!   Oh man, Homer at the Bat, the Germans buying the power plant, yeah, I really need to rewatch season three. 
How much do you make spamming for one of the most notorious motor clubs in existence?
If these trends continue...A-y-y-y!
I think you're in the wrong sub

Fear of Flying
Season 6 Episode 11
Judging from your song, you're infatuated with a woman named Mindy. Or a man named Andy...
Anyone else think that this was just a hallucination and Homer really did cheat on Marge?
Originally I thought of this but they had that clip show that debunked it.
you don't recall which clip show that was do you? I obviously missed it.
My boyfriend and I have a version of this song that we sing to each other sometimes. 
You sent me Ben-Gay, oh Andy
Free shower curtain!

stop that!  This bed will only be used for sleeping, eating, and maybe building a little fort!
The Last Temptation of Homer
Season 5 Episode 9
You're the best!
Is there an orange Julius stand on that floor?
Works on contingency? No, money down!
Tell your brother-in-law not to take any checks from that place lol
Homer Loves Flanders
Season 5 Episode 16
Video: 
Why do you mock me, O Lord??
Nacho nacho man
this quote makes a terrible short gif..you need the setup, where it looks like he's looking at the heavens and talking to God.
Mmmm...sacrilegious.
Not nearly as tasty as one of his famous moon waffles.
Patented SPACEAGE moon waffles! 
Ok! Lets go get mom...
That is when homer makes meal of Tom Collins mix, cloves and a frozen pie crust. 
I say this shit when ever I eat something godly
missed the mmm..
There are not enough Simpsons GIFs out there. I need to rectify this..(That and ..)
Agreed! This link is OC - I would make more but there are a lack of decent clips on the web! .(Having said that, I plan to hunt for gems in my DVD collection).
He says sacrilicious, it says it in the gif already 
Homer that's not God, that's just an old waffle Bart tossed up there.
I know I shouldn't eat Thee.
but...
Homerpalooza
Season 7 Episode 24
I need to remember this. One day I'll pull the same trick on my kid Homer plays on Bart and Lisa. Pretend I'm driving them to school then spend the whole day having fun with them. Only, you know. Don't pull an epic fail like Homer. I'll take them to Six Flags or something.
I've been safariing since before you were born.
"Did anybody order the London Symphony Orchestra?  Possibly while high?  Cypress Hill I'm looking in your direction..."
No no no don't stop a-rockin'
Or yes yes yes this rocks! 
I'm just trying to party with you guys.
First of all... It's par-tay!
Hey, wait! I'm okay today! My mom bought me deodorant!
"Billy Corgan, Smashing Pumpkins."."Homer Simpson,  smiling politely."
One of the best lines in Simpsons history. 
A turkey is a bad person

Das Bus. S9 E14
Compuglobalhypermeganet
I thought it was oyster fork...
This is my son, Bart. He owns a factory downtown.
(sniff sniff) Lobsters, for dinner!
I don't need safety gloves, because I'm Homer Simpson.
Homer's Enemy
Season 8 Episode 23
I live in a single room above a bowling alley 
Time to go home and eat my lobster!
woooooow
do you think um i could do it without the fork in the eye
Eh, there's always a first time
the one where homer gets a hypass from dr nick. 1-800-DOCTORB..the B is for bargain!
The grease one
Last Exit To Springfield. If he makes it through that without laughing, he's not your friend. 
Frank grimes episode, oh my god there are just too many to choose from.  I disagree on the maggie makes three episode.  You need one with more jokes.  
Homer's Enemy is one of (if not my overall) favorite episodes.  But I don't think it's a great first episode to see.  A large part of the fun of it is knowing Homer's character, and seeing how someone from the real world would react to it.
Season 4 Episode 17 - Last Exit To Springfield !
Homie the Clown, an underrated episode that is really funny all the way through 
This is truly one of my favorites as well
I came close to madness trying to find it here in the States, but they just can't get the spices right! 
"Small world, huh!"."It REAAALLY is!"
uh we'll need that to live
Just like how asiana airlines thought they would be a laughing stock because the false pilot names and not the crash itself? 
"We need a pilot to fly to chicago! Its a little windy. ".I fucked that quote up... but you all know what I'm talking about
Fear of Flying
Season 6 Episode 11
And I keep telling you, you flyboys crack me up!
She of Little Faith
Season 13 Episode 6
"NO!"
Angry Dad: The Movie
Season 22 Episode 14
Doctor: You have everything.
from which episode did this originate?
Don't give me that kiss of death.
Good old Cornelius Chapman. 
guy in the background just chilling 
I love how the bodyguards don't do anything, while the assassin just stands there for a few seconds looking over his work..In real life though . was only shot once, while his bodyguards opened up and shot the assassin 62 times.

"Our honorary"?.I think you accidentally a word.
its a perfectly cromulent word
That was an exact quote. Unless I spelt it wrong?
The Mansion Family
Season 11 Episode 12
great episode, all the scenes of homer being rich are great
LOOK HOW LOUD I HAVE TO YELL! 
ah yeah, and the 'I believe, you're supposed to scratch your . with it'
not just spelled wrong, the word they used was honoree which is a different word entirely... honorary is an adjective, so it can only be applied to things, like an honourary degree or an honourary citizen...
Also, I thought that was the meaning Brockman was intending.
Sure, but you still wouldn't leave an adjective hanging like that. 
I was unaware of the existence of that word.
[deleted]
it inbiggens us all
 Meaning "to make big!" Geez, can't you spell?
you have taken over- Conquered, if you will- the correct spelling
I found his spelling cromulant.

Is something wrong with minus? I just use it because it has way bigger gif file size allowances. But if its rubbish for whatever reason I could avoid it in future.
Minus gifs generally takes longer to load than imgur. Might be because of file size, might also be because of server speed, or both.
That explains why the gifs on minus always take so long to load then
Oh god thank you
Nothing wrong with minus, it's just the gif you posted takes forever to load.
I'll make them smaller in future then sorry. I just hate small gifs as a general rule.
It's all about managing tradeoffs with gif sizes.  You want a fairly normal framerate, a resolution which doesn't remove too much of the detail, long enough to capture the hilarity/interest, but also something that won't take forever to load (4-5 MB max based on my usage).
That's not really it. Even if it was was 10 MB on Imgur (you gotta know someone that works there to get a 10 MB gif on there, but I've seen it) it would still load faster on Imgur than a 5 MB gif on Minus would. It's just about how much bandwidth each site is putting out.
Hmmm, well I wasn't aware that >2 MB gifs were possible on imgur, but I could see how bandwidth would also be a consideration.  I suppose I was speaking for utilizing <2 MB gifs on imgur and the 4-5 MB referred specifically to minus, since I've never been able to upload larger ones on imgur.
Free users get up to 2 MB, paying users get up to 5 MB, and then after that you gotta know someone. .It doesn't matter what size they are on Imgur. The rate at which they load would still be faster. 
Yeah, I'm not really arguing that.  I understand that imgur has more dump trucks than minus.

I could have just been a dick and lmgtfy'd the definition of "honorary" for OP
Hey pal! Did you get a load of the nerd?
Pardon me?

Now I must go fight aliens on a far away planet...
Suggestion: Setup in the title, punchline in the link, it works better that way.
I found this online if I made the picture it would've been that way
Homer and Apu
Season 5 Episode 13
AN OLD MAN IS TALKING!
Faster son! He has a taste for meat now!!!
But honey, I was born in Shelbyville
Rock V plus Rocky II equals Rocky VII, Adrienne's revenge!
and it tears me up inside!
What episode is this from?
Somethings draining the battery!

Pavlov would have been proud to know my mouth reacted to the sour lemon as soon as I saw this animated gif.
That is actually really odd way to eat a lemon/orange/lime. Didn't even pop out a segment or peel it.
Dat peel tho. 
Stupid like a FOX!
Lemon of Troy
Season 6 Episode 24
Oh, it's no use I'm never gonna find that tree, this whole raid was a useless as that yellow lemon shaped rock over there. Wait a minute, there's a lemon behind that rock!
Good lord. How many times can this be re-posted? 
You got citric acid in my eye!
Now let's all celebrate, with a cool glass of turnip juice.
Dude, this is practically all this subreddit does. This is like, the . appropriate subreddit to complain about reposts in.
Any other post i'd be fine with. THIS picture in general is on here at least once a week. 
Hi, I've been a redditor for two days. 
heh, story checks out.
"Lemon of Troy" 
Thank you!
Missing children?.Sounds like Springfield's got a discipline problem..Maybe that why we beat them at football nearly half the time,
       huh?
One of my personal favourites. 
someone seems to be draining the battery 
Sorry!
faster boy, he's got a taste for meat now!
And with that, a mighty cheer went up from the heroes of Shelbyville. They banished the awful lemon tree forever, because it was haunted.
Shake your fist harder boy!
Shake harder, boy!
I say this so much. No one knows what the hell I'm referring too haha
There's a doins a-transpiring!
I say this all the time. ALL. THE. TIME.
Me tooooo!
That's awesome. Would you consider selling one?
I would be willing to make you one any character or quote of your choice
I'm no art critic, but I know what I hate. And I don't hate this. 
That's so awesome.  I think I would want Moe and I'd need to think about the quote.  How big are these?  are they painted?  what are they painted or drawn on?
they are painted on 7" by 5" flat canvases 
space coyote?
The comments in these threads are so predictable. And hilarious
El Viaje Misterioso de Nuestro Jomer (The Mysterious Voyage of Homer)
Season 8 Episode 9
When Flanders Failed
Season 3 Episode 3
Homer wouldn't say "favour"...
NED FLANDERS IS IN TROUBLE?!
Raging Abe Simpson and His Grumbling Grandson in "The Curse of the Flying Hellfish"
Season 7 Episode 22
RIP Asa Phelps.
I did
The Last Temptation of Homer
Season 5 Episode 9
This is possibly my favourite scene of any tv show ever. 
Oops, it's actually "From this day forward". The underpants line is what is important!
No more damn paJAMAS!
The Wizard of Evergreen Terrace
Season 10 Episode 2
An ER like show starring Dr. Nick
They could start that series off with his days at Hollywood Upstairs Medical College.
Wiggum and Skinner  ...wait a second
See you at the operating place!
But I cleaned them with my napkin...
Chief Wiggum PI will return. Right now.
Hiiii everybody!
Roy
A courtroom drama focused on Lionel Hutz could have been incredible.
Moe could have a show about his tavern -  la Cheers.
Professor Frink, Professor Frink, he'll make you laugh, he'll make you think....
How about a show for old Gil, eh?
Hank Scorpio 
Scorpio is the eccentric owner of an energy conglomerate. Fancy cars, beautiful homes, countless servants...but he wanted more..Now international terrorism is the only thing that can whet Scorpio's appetite..Watch Sting: coming this fall.
Lisa: getting ready for whacking day?
Barney: whats whacking day?
That font...my eyes...
Whacking Day
Season 4 Episode 20
Whacking day is a sham! It was invented in 1926 as an excuse to beat up the Irish!
We work hard, we play hard
Oh, be nice!
Homer's Phobia
Season 8 Episode 15
You're all sick!

Stand still! There's a spark in your hair!!
GET IT, GET IT!!
Brother from the Same Planet
Season 4 Episode 14
"Shut up, Flanders!".also."Dad, cover your shame!"
There are no lady goats, a lady goat is a sheep!
She's right, you know...
About the ox?
When I was just a little girl.
I asked my mother.
What will I be?.
Will I be pretty?.
Will I be rich?.
Here's what she said to me:  .Que sera, sera.
Whatever will be, will be.
The future's not ours to see.
Que sera, sera
You could have shared the one 
I honestly couldn't find the screengrab of this, I had to get it from the episode myself :L Although I agree, that's a much better shot. I love the guy in the bottom left corner.
One of the best episodes. When Flanders is sitting on the hill looking out at Springfield....some of the best t.v. Ever
Bart's Comet
Season 6 Episode 14
ABOUT EVERYTHING, DAMMIT!
Hey Homer wait up! I wanna die too!
I love it when Nelson just casually tosses that dude aside.
Lemon of Troy
Season 6 Episode 24
I don't hang out with him normally. 
It's more of a .. Having said that...."Hark to the tale of Nelson and the boy he loved so dear!
They remained the best of friends for years and years and years!"
Your wussiness better come in handy!
Team Discovery Channel!
Treehouse of Horror II "Homer's Nightmare"
Season 3 Episode 7
Smithers pass me the ice cream scooper!
But, Blanche! You gotta help me out here. Please! I'm sixty-four grand in the hole. They're gonna take my thumbs!
Lisa on Ice
Season 6 Episode 8
Any crippling injuries that, say, the gambling community should know about?
Come on, lemme see those knees!
New Kid on the Block
Season 4 Episode 8
Love the book he's reading.
A Milhouse Divided
Season 8 Episode 6
Yeah, pretty much. Except we drove around in a van solving mysteries
Mr. Lisa Goes to Washington
Season 3 Episode 2

Don't make fun!
Don't make fun! One of the best little-known scenes in the series.
is smeckler's powder a thing in the USA or is it just a funny old brand name?
BALSAM SPECIFIC?!?!?!
Lady Bouvier's Lover
Season 5 Episode 21
Summer of 4 Ft. 2
Season 7 Episode 25
I very much appreciate the service you are providing. Thank you.
I consider this as an odd episode. 
The dud.
Here is a list of video links collected from comments that redditors have made in response to this submission:
:(
Thank you for posting this. 
I couldn't find an English news site talking about it. So here it is translated from Italian..Farewell to Tonino Accolla, the voice of Homer and Eddie Murphy
He died at age 64 Gemelli hospital in Rome Syracuse Tonino Accolla the actor, Eddie Murphy's laugh and voice of Homer Simpson. [Piero Montanari]
Piero Montanari
Monday, 15 July 2013 09:24
Review.Piero Montanari.Yesterday is dead at age 64 to the Gemelli hospital in Rome, where he was hospitalized following a serious illness, the actor Syracuse Tonino Accolla. 
had been the voice of the greatest Italian actors of American cinema: Tom Hanks to Mickey Rourke, by Hugh Grant, Jim Carrey, but also by Ben Stiller, Tim Curry and the bad Gary Oldman, to 'Lon' and from 'The Fifth Element', as well as the character Timon in the animated film of the series 'The Lion King' and Mike in the movie 'Monsters & Co'. .The popular success of the Tonino, however, was dubbed by having Eddie Murphy in almost every film, and for having given to his famous African-American comedian and irrepressible laugh with the "take-off", a brand which will remain indelible until the replacement of Tonino with Sandro Unripe, in 2011. .rounding But it was Homer Simpson in the Italian version of the famous American cartoon series, which Accolla, like a big star, reached its peak of popularity, witnessed every day by many fans of the cardboard. For having provided the voice of Kenneth Branagh in 'Henry V', Accolla also won the Silver Ribbon for the best dubbing conducted in 1991, but it was also dubbing director of blockbusters such as' Titanic 'and' Braveheart 'and of the greatest cinematic achievements of the last 30 years. Tonino knew very well because a few years ago came to my office to direct and dub 'Dr. Dolittle', the first of the successful series of films starring Eddie Murphy. .At that time there was a lockout for a strike of studies in Rome and the Fox, the film distribution company, just had to finish the film, already announced to be released in cinemas, with the risk of a fool and throw away a lot of money on advertising . Then they chose my recording studio as a fallback, the allestirono purpose, and there they stayed for a couple of weeks, making "pay" even the voice of one of the characters. .I had, as well, the opportunity to see the work the Tonino very good, and understand that before being a professional dubbing, it was really a great actor, one of the race, with a sensitivity and intelligence is not normal, a true wizards, with a strong personality and an extraordinary cognizance of itself that made him seem at times hostile to the other, with a character unbearable according to many, but in the end then he could "get away" out of the actors who directed the ability, even the most hidden, which were used to flesh out the idea that it was built in the head of the work, they dub films and directing or theater pieces. And there was to be no mistake that the idea that Tonino was made was the right one.
That's very sad, the Simpsons are timeless and will never die!
I was very sad too, when the german voice actor of Marge died a few years ago.
thats so sad. whenever i went to south america as a kid, i always watched simpsons dubbed in spanish. foreign VAs are so good with what they have to work with. rip.
This will get buried, but the same thing happened in Spain in 2000, when Carlos Revilla, the original voice actor of Homer Simpson in Castillian Spanish, died at 67.He played a huge part in the success of the show in Spain, and unfortunately his substitute is not half as good. This happened around the 11th season, and that was the start of the decline of the show for me.
Ho scritto questo scherzo. Infatti  orribile.
This drawing makes me feel extremely melancholic. Shows how much the Simpsons mean all around the world. The voices of the characters in each language have left deep imprints in the minds of the viewers. 
What?!? That can't be! Forget snowden or trayvon. This is truly a tragic event :(
Who gives a bibble?
Aw, that so sad.
RIP funny man.
Imagine if any of the Simpsons cast stumbled on this thread and started reading about how they could all be next
That video is so great! How have I never thought to look that up!? The penitent one is my favorite.
What. No! This must be a dream... Right?  God, what news to wake up to. Rest in Piece, for you are a legend.
Wow this is sad
Edit; please don't down vote my unintentionally banal comment into oblivion, it really did hit me
I want to learn italian, now you have give me an idea!
Respects to Tonino
RIP 
as an italian fan 
I was in Italy a few months ago and saw Simpsons merch everywhere -- primarily Duff sweatshirts/tshirts, toys for sale and even posters in train stations.  I even saw a Simpsons-themed food truck in Pisa.  Are Italians particularly huge fans of the simpsons?
yes, all the young people love this show
Wow this really touched me may he rest in peace
Today Homer lost his voice. RIP from Italy
Don't worry, the normal non-wop Homer Simpson is AAW!
jesus christ, man...
Ges Cristo, l'uomo...
. RIP.
What parts did he play? 

So Homer and Young Abe Simpson to answer Digger's question
The german Homer looked like 80 years old when I saw him on TV. This was about 5 years ago. 
Your estimation is pretty accurate! 
I wish there was a job where guessing the age of old people was paid.
The German voice cast is really good, I think even Groening said that once.  
Yes, same for the X-Files - Agent Scully loved her german voice more than her own native one!
Well, the original German voice of Marge, ., has already passed in 2006. This was a pretty huge deal in the German speaking countries, I remember. She has since been replaced by a popular comedian, .. As someone who almost exclusively watches OV (because most German dubbing is horrible) I have to say that The Simpsons have always been very well dubbed, in my opinion.
My friend in Italy emailed me about this, He's very sad it seems like, it was his favorite show. 
Punctuation? Nah....we don't need that shit. 
For some reason, I like to picture all the Homer voice actors from all over the globe getting together and pouring one out for their Homies. 
I don't know why (possibly because I just watched this episode last night), but the thought of all the Homer voice actors from around the world reminded me of the Flanders family reunion. 
What episode is that from?
Lisa Becomes a Vegetarian. 
Thank you!
No problem.  Not sure if you've ever seen it, but it's probably in my top 10--if not top 5-- favorite episodes.
This is why Fox needs to give The Simpsons a proper ending very soon. I don't mean to be grim but some of the voice actors are getting old....
This comment sure took a swing. It went from being buried to being near the top.
They wanted to but the voice actors didn't let it happen i think. I think it could happen in the next five years for sure though.
Hank Azaria in only 49. He was 24 when he started voicing Moe. 
Matt Groening himself said he was going to milk the Simpsons for every last cent he could. I can't really blame him, even if I do think some of the new episodes are genuinely fucking awful. Like, toddler shit.
Kind of, but not that old. Of "The Six", Harry Shearer is the oldest at 69. Julie Kavner is 62, and the rest are 55 or younger.
You don't think 69 and 62 is that old?  If lucky they probably got about 5 more years at the max.  What they should do is go ahead and make the Simpsons finale (if they haven't already) so that they have a lot of time to work on it.  Like a year or so.  Then just make Simpsons until someone dies then they do a finale night where the last episode is aired.
When you're a teen, 60 is old.  Come back in 40 years and let us know how you're expecting to kick the bucket in five years tops.
I turn 36 this year. 69 is old.  The average Lifespan for males in the US is 76.  In 5 years that puts him at 74.  he could be the average but it's not likely.
Shearer is very wealthy and looks to be in good shape.  He is certainly more likely than not to live past 74.  That number also includes people who work in dangerous occupations, are addicted to drugs or alcohol, are mentally ill, etc.
Yeah, there's a misunderstanding of how "life expectancy" works on a basic level in their comment. Even ignoring above average health/wealth, the . additional life expectancy for men aged 69 is 15 years.
Yeah, mid-70s is the average life expectancy. That includes everyone who dies far younger than 60, due to the lifestyle factors you mentioned, or due to certain illnesses which tend to be most dangerous at earlier points in the life cycle. Once you've already made it to your 60's, actuarial charts like your chances of living for many more years .Also, 'he could be the average, but its not likely' makes no sense by definition
Jerry Stiller . in a lead role until nearly his 80th birthday. No, in the time we're living now - and with their super high incomes - there's no reason why they both shouldn't live into their 80s.
George Burns was 98 in his last movie and 92 when he co-starred in "18 again".
Yeah, I don't consider 69 and 62 that old. I do think they may want to retire but I don't think we have to worry about their death.
At the gym I used to go to, there were guys who were 84+ who used to work out, and play handball & softball on a regular basis. I don't know why this guy thinks that people either must die, or stop being useful when they turn 74.
The series is fucked if Harry Shearer passes. There would be no way to continue the show without him, he's 50% of the entire thing.
To be fair, it's fucked if any of them passes.
except lisa
Tell me, how would losing the voice actor to one of the four title characters not fuck the series? Yeardley Smith may only voice Lisa, but she isn't any less vital to the show.
Theoretically, it may be possible to do an emergency closing episode without Lisa. It wouldn't be very good, but people would understand why it had to happen. Doing it without everyone Harry Shearer voices would be extremely hard
What about Hank Azaria?
He's younger than the rest, I don't think we need to worry about him.
I think he meant that because there's only one voice to imitate, it would be easier to find a replacement for Lisa's voice. But someone who does lots of roles, like Harry Shearer, would probably need more than one replacement to manage all of the different voices he does. .It's not that Lisa's VA is any less important to the show. It's more that replacing one voice would be easier than replacing 10+. 
That's true. Of course if that's what was meant then s/he should have just said that. It was only a two word comment, so I just interpreted it as more of a "fuck you" directed at Lisa/Yeardley.
I've thought the same, but FOX has only half the responsibility of ending the Simpsons, and that's a duty they'll never act on.
This brings to light how there's almost an entire industry surrounding the Simpsons.  How many countries get translations?  There's probably a dozen, if not more, crews of writers and actors trying to convert the show into their language.  And they've all had steady work for 25 the last years.  I never really stopped to think about it before, but there are probably way more people working on the Simpsons than I ever considered.  When they do finally axe the show, the effects are going to be felt across the world.  
There's a wikipedia page for everything it seems: 
This is only for the show though, there are many more non-english versions for the movie.
TIL Sideshow Bob and Sideshow Mel are called Tahiti Bob and Tahiti Mel in the French dubbed version of The Simpsons.
In Sweden, they are sometimes called Background-Bob/Mel, or just the English "Sideshow":
In the german version, they are called Tingeltangel-Bob & Mel
heh, duty.
Hahaha Mrs. Duty
Peter please! I'm holding iced tea!
You came to the wrong subreddit motherfucker.
someone who likes the simpsons also liking family guy?.simply unheard of
Let's sacrifice him to our god!.Come on, we did it all the time in the Thirties!
One Homer's death is just as bad as Dan's death. R.I.P. Homer Italiano
There's no nice way to respond to this but that actually gives nowhere near enough credit to Dan Castellaneta's contributions to the show's success, a success that enabled it to be translated across the world.
Homer = Homer
No matter what language the voice after is my opinion. Sure Dan's contributions are great, but its the entire voice acting community that brought Simpsons internationaly.
Normally I'd agree, it doesn't matter who voices them. But we've come to love Homer's voice as we know it. The mannerisms, the way he says "d'oh" and gargles and things like that just won't be the same..I understand French but it's weird enough listening to French Homer since I've grown up with English Homer.
But I bet you have no problem with Evil Homer.
For a second there my heart skipped a beat. All I saw was "voice of Homer Simpson RIP." Then I reread it. Now I feel bad because I was relieved. Italian Simpsons fans must be crushed right now. :(
Following . the English and Italian versions, even though a number of skits are inevitably 'lost in translation', Tonino's execution was always perfect. We'll definitely miss him.
Wow. Such thinking never crosses my mind. Here in Mexico, homer's voice is a staple of everyone's childhood and teen years. I have a inlaw that never fails to quote homer any time i see her. .Italian fans must be crushed and this comic is as sad as there can be. Shit... 
We get the mexican translation in Venezuela and now that I moved to Canada, Homer it's just not as funny to me anymore :(
We are. He was a great voice actor. .Here are some scenes Tonino made perfect in my opinion:
I'm actually trying to work on my Italian skills right now.  Is there anywhere you know of where I can watch clips of American shows like this in Italian?  (besides just searching youtube)
Yes, just search for "Simpson Streaming Ita" and find a few links.
Gracias
The Ray Finkle clip was normal speed for most Italians. 
even in Italian its great stuff.sad news for the Italian Homer Simpson 
hahahahahaha "No, it's not that. Didn't you hear? They have no bananas! They have no bananas today... ."
He sounded just like Homer! :'( 
Grazie*
I guess they don't have Meow Mix in Italy. 
I thought it was pretty perfect regardless. 
I agree. I just thought it was interesting how a literal translation to Italian wouldn't have made sense to the people watching it. 
Posting the same scene in different languages should replace posting images and quote threads for a week or so. I think that would be pretty cool.
Wow, he pulled off an awesome Jim Carry scene there!   .Great actor... He will be missed for sure.
The scene you were unsure of in English goes:
Sunrise, Sunset, Sunrise, Sunset. Cats in the cradle and the silver spoon. Yes, we have no bananas.
The joke being that . and . are bittersweet songs about watching your children grow up and grow away from you as you age, but the third is a cheery, nonsensical tune entirely unrelated to the topic, and its association with the others is more evidence of those familiar synaptic misfires that cloud the mind of Homer Simpson.
I know the second two are Harry Chapin songs (Cats in the Cradle and 30,000 Tons of Bananas), but does Chapin do the first song as well?
30,000 pounds of bananas, which is only 15 tons. 30,000 tons is  60,000,000 pounds and a veritable shitload of bananas 
 is from Fiddler on the Roof.  Yes we have no bananas is a different song from the 20s.  I'm pretty sure the . is the most popular, zany version.
However, Harry Chapin did incorporate parts of "Yes, We Have No Bananas" in some live versions of 30,000 Pounds "of Bananas"
Who the devil are you!?
Marge in Chains
Season 4 Episode 21
My name is mr burns
Lemon of Troy
Season 6 Episode 24
In Marge We Trust 
Season 8 Episode 22
Edit: sorry 
Join me or die! Can you do any less?
Can't you see that I am serious?
In Marge We Trust - Season 8, Episode 22
This is no place for loafers!
It's so accurate, I always wondered if Japanese fans enjoy the joke as much as we do.
I am disrespectful to dirt!
Ah fish bulb...
See ya later fish bulb!
Oooooh...you have very lucky dishes, Mr Simpson..hey, he looks like you! aaaaa ha ha ahha
KBBL's gonna give me something stupid!
Pyle! Shazam! Pyle! Shazam! Pyle! Shazam!
Here's the keys...
This is one of me and my friends favourite Simpsons moments ever.. aaaaaalways say this quote haha
Well hot dog! We have a weiner!
Elephants don't have keys
Then I'll just keep these then.
I'll just . then.
Lisa, a guy who has lots of ivory is less likely to hurt Stampy than a guy who's ivory supplies are low.
It's the four elephants of the apocalypse!.That's horsemen, Ned..Well, getting closer.
Great screen cap. Love homer's expression.
I love the tone of voice he uses with Bart when he says this too.
Perfect life lessons from a perfect father
Bart Gets an Elephant
Season 5 Episode 17
Seriously - 'Bart Gets An Elephant' is the best episode ever made..Better even than Itchy & Scratchy Land. Or Homer at the Bat.
Better than Homer the Heretic or Last Exit to Springfield? 
You Only Move Twice?
I think I'm gonna call him Stampy.
Pretty much every episode by Swartzwelder is amazing. Bart the General and Whacking Day are two of my favorites by him.
Mine is the Cartridge Family.
Better than Homer at the Bat? Pshaw!
I will always vote for Homer's Triple Bypass.
Mr. Burns had done it, the power plant had won it...
With Roger Clemmons clucking all the while...
Mike Scioscia's tragic illness made us smile....(This is without question my all time favorite Simpsons song)

While Wade Boggs lay unconcious on the ballroom tile...
We're talkin' Sooooftballll
from Maine to Sand Diego 
Talking Softball, Mattingly and Canseco
Ken Griffey's grotesquely swollen jaw...

Even the commentary on the DVDs admit they don't make these expressions anymore, and that's where I think the Simpsons lost a lot of their soul.
That soul is why seasons 3-8 will down in history as the single greatest accomplishment in Television.
can't agree with you more
"Oh, am I in the way? I'm sorry, I didn't realize I was in the way!"."You're . in the way!"
different episode, but i'm ok with it
You don't seem to be moving at all!
Aw just shove her ass outta the way.
 "Chief Wiggum- right, lady, an elephant ran through your front yard. Okay."
. "Yeah, right, buddy, liquor store robbery, officer down. Sure. And I'm Edward G. Robinson."

Ughh, I'm Going, I'm Going!
I love on the commentary for this episode how they're talking about how Bart has no idea how to write a screenplay, since he included words like "replied."
I'll save you, Lisa! I'll save you by calling the police.
Hello, and welcome to the Springfield Police Department rescuephone. If you know the name of the felony being committed, press one. To choose from a list of felonies, press two. If you are being murdered or calling from a rotary phone, please stay on the line...
An underrated episode I think,  there's some great one liners in this one.
'Milpool'
Bart of Darkness
Season 6 Episode 1
It's today! (15 July)
Tis indeed!
You have selected... .. If you know the name of the king or queen being murdered, press one.
no problem
 mr thompson!
Cape Feare
Season 5 Episode 2

And the bam! Second encore. 
Bart on the Road
Season 7 Episode 20
Excuse me the uh toilet is overflowing in the uh caveman room
Don't mind me, just getting the shop-vac.
This isn't very erotic. I think it's an actual utility room
Grampa vs. Sexual Inadequacy
Season 6 Episode 10
Don't mind me, just getting the ol wet-dry vac 
Lisa,  never EVER stop in the middle of a hoedown!!!
Homer the Vigilante
Season 5 Episode 11
"Lisa, is it a pool yet?"
Yes, Dad...
Bart of Darkness
Season 6 Episode 1
D'oh-eth!
No, I'm never annoyed The Simpsons are on.
Unless its fox, it's a local problem. In Mn, for example, we have no Simpsons at all right now.
That just ain't right
because theyre cheap. They have been playing the same 2 seasons for about 3 years now an it drives me insane. The simpsons has gone wayy downhill since seasons 3-10
I know. 5 pm was Simpsons time for at least 16 years. Then, they pull the rug out at the beginning of July. They say that it's returning in September, but I'm still mad.
Yes . What really annoys me is that Family Guy gets its whole series cycled through.
Marge Be Not Proud
Season 7 Episode 11
It was just vapor lock!
I wanna C-U-P
"Dad, that was really mean!"."I know, sweetie, and I got him right in the... uh oh.."
"Flaaaaaaannnndeeers. Flaaaaaaaanndeeers."
Bart Star
Season 9 Episode 6
WHAT!?!
.......Flaaaaaaaannnnndeeeeers.
Two Dozen and One Greyhounds
Season 6 Episode 20
I gathered.
New Kid on the Block
Season 4 Episode 8
King of the Hill
Season 9 Episode 23
Relevant. 
I wish I was a rapper. I'd be called Flo Reda.
$pringfield
Season 5 Episode 10
"But youuuuuu have a gambling problem!"
You made her cry. Then I cried. Then Maggie laughed. She's such a little trooper!
Bart, I don't want to alarm you, but we may have a boogeyman or boogeyMEN in this house!
"I'm Idaho!"
Of course you are...
No, lisa, you're not a monster. The only monster here is the gambling monster that has enslaved your mother, and I call him Gamblor! We must save your mother from his neon claws!
I know where we can get some baguettes!
, which is also today :)
Summer of 4 Ft. 2
Season 7 Episode 25
I know where to get some baguettes!
Well, the episode where the town floods is ., but they dont play Vincent in that episode, i don't think. Im pretty sure thats the episode where Lisa gets all the power knocked out in town, hence, starry starry night. 
"Lisa, would you be proud of me if I joined the national guard?"."Meh"."I'll do it!"
Peeeeeeas
Don't fire...The torpedos
Es mi dia primero!
"Uh...Is the poop deck really what I think it is?"."Hahaha, I like the cut of your jib"."What's a jib?"."HAHahaha...promote that man!"
Simpson Tide
Season 9 Episode 19
Fire the torpedos!
I lost this eye in Haiti... I was drinking a mai tai and I forgot to take the little parasol out.
This is one of the worst episodes ever.
We all want peace, but it's always just out of reach...
So how do we get it?
with a knife!
Not with the olive branch but the bayonet! 
The Cartridge Family
Season 9 Episode 5
 is the non-mobile version of this site.
The Boy Who Knew Too Much
Season 5 Episode 20
Girly Edition
Season 9 Episode 21
Major Nugget, Gooey, CoCo! Put down those entertaining Matell products...
One of my favorite lines like 7 yrs ago. Man I'm old apperently. 
Mojo, what have they done to you!?
The first time my dad saw this episode he laughed so much that he had tears streaming down his face. Even now, simply saying "pray for Mojo" is enough to get him laughing hysterically.

I had no idea . was from The Simpsons until now. Nostalgia for a completely different reason.
I don't need your pity! 
Edit: stupid autocorrect 
I love Mojo's evil laugh when he mocks Lisa

I thought that monkey was potty-trained..Eh.
The monkeys on my part of the sofa.
He's . marked his territory. 
We all are dude, although I think the whole point of this sub is to make us feel like we're still "with it"
I used to be 'with it' but then they changed what 'it' was. Now what i'm 'with' isn't 'it' and what's 'it' seems weird and scary.....
nice man, nice
This line is becoming increasingly relevant to my life.  Wise words of Abe Simpson
IT'LL HAPPEN TO YOU
never! i'm gonna be rocking forever 
Now I'm lucky if I can find a half an hour a week in which to get funky...
What do you want? His cholesterol's through the roof.
go on Mojo, do your happy dance!
ergh....ee...ah...e.e.e.mm..ah......oooowwwwww
And.. so on.
I can't wait to eat that monkey!
My Sister, My Sitter
Season 8 Episode 17
Correct
Bart that's coffee ice cream.It has caffeine in it!
Mom and Pop Art
Season 10 Episode 19
"Hows your fathers project coming along"
"He's almost done"
"YEEEAHHHHHH"
"He's done" 

if uncle moe threatens you ya get a free stake fish 
"Hey Lisa, there's a little present for you lying in the driveway!"."Oh really?  Aaah! It's dripping funny smelling water all over me!"
Remember when I nailed that rat with the ice pick?
How about Chairman Moe's Magic Wok? 
I like it!
"Run, boy! Run for you life!  .Boy!
Uncle Moe! Here I am! While you eat...
Bart Sells His Soul
Season 7 Episode 4
Bart vs. Australia
Season 6 Episode 16
King-Size Homer
Season 7 Episode 7

Marge on the Lam
Season 5 Episode 6
one of my favorites
Look at me! I'm Davey Crockett!
Ha just saw this yesterday, but then again I watch all of this all the time, everyday, because the Simpsons is the best show to watch and the best to have playing in the background while you perform idle tasks. 
Treehouse of Horror II "Homer's Nightmare"
Season 3 Episode 7
what? the egg?
you got it all wrong! 
Yes its a callback from earlier when homer saves Lenny from dying by 
Trilogy of Error
Season 12 Episode 18
Mom and Pop Art
Season 10 Episode 19
Eight Misbehavin'
Season 11 Episode 7
But do you love it?
Yes
Hello Gutter, Hello Fadder
Season 11 Episode 6
 Skinner! With his zany explanations!
the superintendent's gonna need his medications! 
22 Short Films About Springfield
Season 7 Episode 21
There'll be trouble in town to-night! .SEYMOUR!!!
Well Skinner, you are an odd fellow, but I must say you steam a good ham
You missed "when he hears Skinner's lame exaggerations."
You've embiggened my brain with your cromulent information.
GOOD LORD what is happening in your kitchen?!
...Aurora Borealis.
Aurora Borealis?! At this time of year?  At this time of day?  In this part of the country?  Localized . within your kitchen?!
Yes!
May I see it?
Nnnno
Probably one of my favorite Simpson moments. .The audio is super low, but here is the clip from YouTube 
Superintendant Chalmers: You call hamburgers steamed hams..Principal Skinner: Yes, it's a regional dialect..Superintendant Chalmers: Uh-huh. What region?.Principal Skinner: Uh, upstate New York..Superintendant Chalmers: Really. Well, I'm from Utica and I never heard anyone the phrase, "steamed hams.".Principal Skinner: Oh, not in Utica, no; it's an Albany expression..Superintendant Chalmers: I see.
Yes!  This is one of the best moment for me as well.
Superintendant Chalmers: Good Lord, what is happening in there?
Principal Skinner: The Aurora Borealis?
Superintendant Chalmers: The Aurora Borealis? At this time of year? At this time of day? In this part of the country? Localized entirely within your kitchen?
Principal Skinner: Yes.
Superintendant Chalmers: May I see it?
Principal Skinner: No.
There aren't a lot of characters who i enjoy seeing together more than Skinner and Chalmers. 
Why is it when I heard the words "school" and "explosion" I immediately thought of the word 
And you call them steamed hams despite the fact that they are obviously grilled..Uh...you know...one thing I sh...'Scuse me for one second.
Gone Maggie Gone was pretty good. I remember laughing out loud a few times. And the one where Lisa goes on anti-depressants. The Good, the Sad and the Drugly. Season 20 wasn't nearly as bad as I remember.
No.
Yes. There are a handful throughout the last few seasons that are pretty hilarious. Season 21 especially. Some real stinkers too, of course.
E-I-E-I-(Annoyed Grunt)
Season 11 Episode 5
Zorro - John Byner.Robot Zorro - Shawn Wayans.Mrs. Zorro - Rita Rudner.Scarlet Pimpernel - Curtis "Booger" Armstrong.King Arthur - Cheech Marin.Man in the Iron Mask - Gina Gershon.Wise Nun - Posh Spice.Stupid Nun - Meryl Streep.Time Traveler #1 - Stone Cold Steve Austin.Orangutan at Dance - "Puddles".Gay-Seeming Prince - Spalding Gray.Man Beating Mule - Eric Roberts.Mule Beating Man - "Gus".Hiccupping Narrator - 'Pele'.President Van Buren - 'Robert Evans' .Corky - Anthony Hopkins.Voice of Magic Taco - James Earl Jones.Film Board of Canada.The Philadelphia Flyers.The Makers of Whip Balm.Mr. Robert Guccione .The Teamsters Pension Fund.AAA.Best Bail Bonds.Mr. and Mrs. Curtis "Booger" Armstrong
Bart the fink season 7 episode 15
Waking up is a strange reason to die!
lol
Laughs out loud.
What episode is this from?
Let's just say it moved me... TO A BIGGER HOUSE! 
A Star Is Burns
Season 6 Episode 18
Oops, I said the loud part quiet and the quiet part loud, hoiii....
Lisa's Pony
Season 3 Episode 4
Treehouse of Horror V "The Shinning"
Season 6 Episode 5
Let's all bask in TV's warm glowing warming glow...
Davvvvid LETTERMAN!
I'm Mike Wallace, I'm Morley Safer, and I'm Ed Bradley. All this and Andy Rooney tonight on 60 Minutes!
Moe! Give me a beer! No. Not until you kill your family. Why should I kill my family? Uh... They'll be much happier as ghosts. You don't look very happy. Oh, I'm happy. I'm very happy. La la la la la, see? Now waste your family and I'll give you a beer! 
Hi David,  I'm Grandpa! 
Teacher... Mother... Secret lover...
I once tried to make this joke when somebody changed the channel during a major sporting event. The other Simpson fan in the room got it, the others thought it was creepy.
Live, from Broadway, it's the Tony Awards, with your hosts Tyne Daly and Hal Linden!
Homer, change the channel!   .Can't... frozen!   .Ahhhhhhhh!
One! Group of dancing people, dancing til they make us stop! 
Too!
Many dancing people, Covered with blood, gore and glop. Just one sniff of that fog and you're inside out!
It's worse than that flesh eating virus you've read about. 
Vital organs, that's what we're dressed in! 
The family dog is eyeing Bart's intestine!
I always try to shoehorn "let us all bask in TV's warm glowing warming glow." into a conversation. No one gets it.
I always heard it as "glob of love"
A Milhouse Divided
Season 8 Episode 6
I went to a Simspons themed birthday party yesterday for my 10 year old cousin who is a total Simpsons nerd!  I made A Kirk VanHouten "Can I Borrow A Feeling?" iron on for my shirt.  Little man totally got it, and loved it!
This sub really likes 'A Milhouse Divided.' It's guaranteed karma to post anything from this episode. 
Oh no! My demo!

It's a great episode. 

Can i have the keys to the car, lover? I feel like changing wigs

One day, your wife is making you your favorite meal.  The next day you're thawing a hot dog in a gas station sink.
I sleep in a racing car, do you?
I sleep in a big bed with my wife.
Can I borrow a feeling? hahahaha hahahahaha can I borrow a feeling... ah that's your picture on the front hahaha.
Go ahead and laugh Homer
I already did.
The Front
Season 4 Episode 19
finders keepers
Homie the Clown
Season 6 Episode 15
I've been wanting that tune as my ringtone for a while now but it's too short in this episode. Anyone know if later episodes play it longer?
Does anybody hear me complaining about the breasts?

Quite possibly one of the best Simpsons episode. 
of all the many great things in this episode, homer's poor krusty laugh is probably what kills me most
Should have spelled it:."Krusty's Klown Kollege.".Ill call Matt Groening.
This year give her English muffins. 
Those are supposed to be baggy pants! BAGGY!
Well, I got everything I was supposed to get.  I'm not going to enroll in that clown college, though...that advertisement had absolutely no effect on me whatsoever.



clowns are funny
You people have stood in my way long enough. I'm going to clown college!
I don't think any of us expected him to say that.
Maximum Homerdrive
Season 10 Episode 17
You mean...it ate Patrick too?
it ate EVERYBODY
Marge Be Not Proud
Season 7 Episode 11
What episode?
We only get thirty sweet noggy days. Then the government takes it away again.
Quit being a cup-n-ball hog!
Hello Mother.....Hello Father.....Here I am at camp Granada, Marge is Lisa at camp Granada.
"Shoplifting is victimless crime. Like punching someone in the dark."
May I suggest a putter? Three wood.
"WELCOME THRILLHO".This is great...and all I've done is enter my name!
"Marge be Not Proud," S7E11
Catfeesh?
All except for the "capisce" part...
I like how they didn't color Homer's eyes properly, so at first glance, it looks like his eyes are closed, but open at the same time. Boy, I hope someone got fired for that blunder.
I suggest feather touch. You have entered .. 
Bart: Buy me Bonestorm or go to hell!.Marge: Bart!.Homer: Young man, in this house, we use a little word called 'please'.
Homer Simpson: STEALING! How could you? Why do you think I took you to see all those "Police Academy" movies, FOR FUN? I DIDN'T HEAR ANYONE LAUGHING, DID YOU? except at that guy who made sound effects.
[Tries to do a few]
Homer Simpson: Now where was I? Oh, yeah: stay away from my booze.
You missed: don't you listen to those sermons from that guy?!?!? Captain whatshusface!!???
Step 1: seduce a lonely housewife.  M'am (tips cap).Maude- (Shuts Blinds from window)
I love her response to his advance, lol.
Saddlesore Galactica
Season 11 Episode 13

"Oh, I didn't get rich by writing a lot of checks ."
Das Bus
Season 9 Episode 14
Girly edition season 9 episode 21
PRAY ... FOR ... MOJO.
A 2004 episode in response to the passing of "The Patriot Act", a 2001 bill that has recently regained the spotlight.
The greatest story ever d'ohed season 21 episode 16
What is number 4?
You forgot 
What is the last picture? Guy with a muddy blanket hugging a girl. Is this woodstock?
Oh the humanity! Anyways...
I was only already aware of half of these. Great job. This took some work to put together. Well done.
Awesome. As a history dork, I'm a little upset I didn't recognize some of these myself. Lisa being sworn in is pretty amazing. Notice how most of these are from the older seasons. I've had other reasons to say that they took more care back then. This just adds to the list.
Anyone know what episode the Milhouse sad face picture is from?
Season 15 Episode 8...Marge vs. Singles, Seniors, Childless Couples and Teens, and Gays.
These are great, even if they only scratch the surface.
I wonder if there were more (and better) references in the older seasons or if nobody on the Internet really watches the new seasons enough to find them.
Yes.... Bring on sha na na! 
Ah, the good ol' days of The Simpsons. They don't make 'em like they used to.
"Oh the humanity! Anyway..."
Don't forget . one
I didn't notice half of these! Thanks for pointing them out. It only makes me appreciate the effort they all put into the show even more!
Loch Ness Monster
The beast looks something like ., only without the saucy t-shirt
Everything I learn about the Simpsons makes me love it more.
 from 
Don't forget this 
That never clicked for me before. What episode is that from? The one where Bart does yardwork for that old woman? 
yup the episode is three men and a comic book 
Pretty sure it's a patch from the quilt.
Ah, I think you got it. 
the 6th one? sadface guy/people?
They say he's five hundred pounds of bottom-dwelling fury, don't you know. No one knows how old he is, but if you ask me, and most people do, he's a hundred years if he's a day!
Well, now I just have to ask which episode that one is from. They all sort of blur together to me. 
It's General Sherman from "The War of the Simpsons" - 1991. He's an elusive catfish.
General Sherman is also the name of the biggest living thing in the world, a sequoia in sequoia national park. I don't think they did that on purpose though.
What is the helicopter picture of?
 where essentially the communists took over the capital of South Vietnam and the CIA personnel stationed there had to be evacuated.
Thank you!
It's a photo taken during WW2 that has been disputed for years. It's a picture of a French man crying as either 1) Nazi tanks roll into Paris or 2) as Parisian soldiers leave for battle in Africa. 
Seen that photo many times but didn't realize when I saw that episode..
The evacuation of the US embassy in Saigon.......There's SO many more recreations besides these, thanks btw.  Would be great if there was a place online where people could send in pics they notice and have them added into a compilation.   
I recognized the picture of Saigon, but I never got the reference in the Simpsons. That is when they are fleeing Australia right?.Not sure to laugh or go ohh. 
Ya, that's the Australia episode.
Why not both?
I saved an album from pics on these 
What is the guy in the fourth picture reacting to?.edit: Doesn't matter, . already answered somewhere else in the thread
Missing . that got posted last week
 in that picture looks like the girl from the ring.
Yoko always looks like the girl from the ring.
I'll have a single plum floating in perfume served in a man's hat.
Here ya go...
Sam Simon is the man, great interview with Marc Maron WTF podcast... Guy has an amazing perspective for someone battling terminal cancer
When I was little, I truly believed that was what Matt Groening looked like.  I was really confused when I saw him live.
Wow, there is an odd resemblance here between the Sam Simon character and Simon (AKA the Ice King) from Adventure Time.
sam sayonara simon
I know a lot of Evergreen State College graduates and to see Matt Groening being portrayed as some kind of right wing maniac still tickles me.
I listened to the commentary of this episode...Groening said that they asked Simon for a drawing of himself for this episode and thats what he sent back.  One of the funnier commentary moments.
Git outta ma offise!
Don't forget 
Geeeet outta my office !
What he meant to say according to his lawyers, is that he couldn't possibly do an episode every week!
Marge Be Not Proud
Season 7 Episode 11
Oh, it's just air...
I've used this joke far too many times in real life.
On some showings of this episode in Australia the 2 lines starting from "Do not attempt..." are edited out. 
Well I'll be damned
I love how he wears his police hat to bed. 
It won't fit in the Forbidden Closet of Mystery.
Two Dozen and One Greyhounds
Season 6 Episode 20
Come on you little horse!!!
Sarah, please! 
The Springfield Connection
Season 6 episode 23
"Women always seem to have trouble with the wall, They can't ever seem to find the door."
You'll have to do that again. I was trying to get this Magic Eye thing to work..Hey, look! A pony!
When I first heard that Marge was joining the police academy, I thought it would be fun and zany, like that movie "Spaceballs." But instead it was dark and disturbing, like that movie "Police Academy." 
Lost Our Lisa
Season 9 Episode 24 
Lisa Simpson, This Isn't Your Life
Season 22 Episode 5
Lisa on Ice
Season 6 Episode 8
I'm with Cupid
Season 10 Episode 14

*tears, classic line.  Love it.
You can add this to the list of famous pictures recreated on the show:
Dem nips
The Lastest Gun in the West
Season 13 Episode 12
That is just grotesque
That picture is giving me a raging Homer.
SS Bob was name after Terwilliger Blvd in Portland OR; Matt Groening's home town. Flanders, Lovejoy, Dolph, Kearney, Van Houten and Quimby are all streets in downtown Portland 
He even kinda sounds like him. In a way.
I step in front of cars and sue the drivers. 
Lisa the Simpson
Season 9 Episode 17
I play a rich guy at parties..... well i'd like to.
My legs hurt...
"Egghead" (one word), otherwise it means the head of an egg which isn't what you're trying to say.  Just sayin'.  
This episode has the scene of mr. Burns laughing for days. That's probably in my top ten. 
I was thinking about a crippled Irishman... I crippled him myself.
$pringfield
Season 5 Episode 10
Goodbye . and 
Your manager says for you to shut up!
really? vira said that?
which ep is this?
$pringfield, season 5
What episode is this?
That's an isosceles triangle!!!
Free Masons run the country!
I say this in a soft whisper to people from time to time, just to see if they react.
If they react like Mr. burns all the time it would be great.
Homer: Gerda Flada Urda Radda!.Marge: Think before you say each Word.Homer: You broke a promise to your child!
I always thought it was more like "Yer gonna gedda ferda radda!"
"You made her cry. Then I cried. Then Maggie laughed! she's such a little trooper...".Also."You're not a monster, the only monster here is the gambling monster that has enslaved your mother! I call him .! And it's time to snatch your mother from his neon claws!!"
"$pringfield (Or, How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love Legalized Gambling)".Season 5, Episode 10. Overall Episode 91.
This is one of my top 5 favorite episodes.  Mainly because of the boogeyman scene.
You promised Lisa to help her with her costume.  You made her cry!  Then I cried...  Then Maggie laughed -- she's such a little trooper!
Oh nothing Marge, just a little incident involving the .!
I say this to my girlfriend every time she works late and asks how my day was
She's a lucky woman
And i'm a wonderful man
Of course, none of this would've happened if you'd been here to keep me from acting stupid! 
No she's not. And that's why we are all friends.
~throws shotgun on the ground.. shotgun fires off a round~
Bart, I don't want to alarm you, but there may be a boogeyman or boogeymen in the house! 
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhh!!!!

Lisa just because you're 8 feet tall doesn't mean you can tell me what to do
I'm bart
No one must know that I dropped them in the toilet. Not I, the drafter of the Paris peace accords. 
Love the awkward moment with him, Mr. Burns and Smithers that follows haha
"Uughhhh"
The sum of the square roots of any two sides of an isosceles triangle is equal to the square root of the remaining side.
I never knew that this was taken from "The Wizard of Oz". My parents were watching it and I happened to walk in during the scene when the Scarecrow says this. I went to Youtube and played the clip of Homer finding the glasses in the toilet like 5 times.
I like Homer's version better, the guy on the stall is gold!
I know both the Wizard of Oz quote and The Simpsons quote, but it's eerily unsettling piecing them together after knowing about the two for so long as being separate.
right! i learned this from reddit just recently and i remember watching this episode in the early 90s
Can't believe I missed that. I've only seen both like 100 times.
Ya I started dying laughing when I heard it in the movie. My parents probably thought I was nuts. 
And now I know too.
That's a . triangle!
D'oh!
homer simpson doesnt say "blao" he says... "d'oh"!
Ya idiot!
Larry spelled Yale with a 6.
Burns, Baby Burns
Season 8 Episode 4
Guess Who's Coming to Criticize Dinner?
Season 11 Episode 3
Yar, I hate the sea.
But I don't want to!
A dog like this you have to feed everyday.
The Canine Mutiny
Season 8 Episode 20
Homer Badman
Season 6 Episode 9
I literally chewed the scenery. I wanna set the record straight. I thought...the cop...was a prostitute.  
Behind the Laughter
Season 11 Episode 22
Until he enters the wonderful world of dusting and polishing mixing boards. 
This was one of my favorite misleading moments. Pure gold
You mean your Chevy?
Lisa's Rival
Season 6 Episode 2
Yes.
Woah. My rope came undone. 
I'm with Cupid
Season 10 episode 14

Wow, never noticed Marge as Jackie Bouvier. 
Lisa the Beauty Queen
Season 4 Episode 4
I assumed they were referencing something, but never knew what..Thank you, sir.
Episode?
s4e4 "Lisa the Beauty Queen"
Yeah, those Swedes sure know how to put in almost everything you need.
Is it James Taylor's head?
We had a house party on the 3rd- just the outline was complete and a lil bit of the power plant. .When we woke up, people were sleeping around it and the puzzle had fallen to the floor. .Since then, every piece was glued to prevent any more accidents but now time has told a krusty piece has been lost...damn.
Anyone else immediately start looking for the missing piece?  
Did you look under Maggie's eyelid?
Do you get your choice of topping?
Yeah, but they contain potassium benzoate.
On a Clear Day I Can't See My Sister
Season 16 Episode 11
...
...that's bad.
Can I go now?
I hold your oath fulfilled. Be at peace.
A Milhouse Divided
Season 8 Episode 6
School? It's not time for school.
Marge: "Oh hi, Marge. How's the family?".Marge: "I don't want to talk about it".Homer: KEEP IT DOWN IN THERE EVERYBODY!
It turns out she was just going to the library to cry.
You're talking about a trough. We're not going to eat from a trough!
Classic Marge.
And it's only 5:30, why are you in your underwear?
This ain't The Ritz.
Do TCB!
Saddlesore Galactica
Season 11 Episode 13
No . crap
Get to the working overtime part!
That's BTO! They're Canada's answer to ELP! Their biggest hit was TCB! That's how we talked in the 70s, we didn't have a moment to spare!
Hmmm, I seem to have just.. mashed more hair into it. Ah well!
That pic out of context would be amazing. 
"Leave it in as evidence! Bazooka Joe's got deep pockets."
Don't try to get it out with a bone!
...I smell like a sandwich
22 Short Films About Springfield
Season 7 Episode 21
All right! Fangoria will give me 25 bucks for this shot!
Ugh, I smell like a sandwich.
...that works when I get bubbly gum in the ol' pushbroom!
does the whole town have to know about this!

Have ye tried a Baltic Squid? They can suck the bolts from a submarine's hull.
Waaah! Augh! There's gum in my hair! Mom! Someone threw gum in my hair!.Are you sure? Maybe it's just shampoo, that washes right out. 
Do you want me to cut off the gum or just style it?
oh rats
Residents are advised to stay inside unless you wear sunscreen or are very, very hairy. Experts recommend a class nine, or Robin Williams, level of hair coverage.
Bart of Darkness
Season 6 Episode 1
Ow my brains! 
Sunshine on my shoulders make me happy!

The game was insanely difficult (especially that pitch black stage), but still easier than Vs The Space Mutants but harder than Vs The World. 
Hmmm, the orange guy also kidna looks like lrrr
ruler of the planet Omicron Persei 8?
Welcome, check in with 
Bart on the Road
Season 7 Episode 20
Oh! The Wigsphere.  Lucky you!
Wods Fir
When I was in Knoxville a few years ago I found a wig outlet.
True story.
I've lived here for 5 years and it's still all I think about.
Knoxville! Knoxville! Knoxville!
You should have gone to Macon, Georgia!
Nai. Nyinni. Nai.
500, 400, 300, 200, 100, zeeeero!
Well, I don't think I was rehabilitated, but I guess they needed the extra bed.
Wait, wait...hold the fucking phone,there's an actual SunSphere?!
Watch where you park!
KNOXVILLE KNOXVILLE KNOXVILLE! 
I had my prom in the sun sphere
Flipsy.
Bart, this car has a cupholder! We have to stop and get a cup!
Bart: We're not going to a grammar rodeo.  That was just an
      alibi, Milton..Milhouse: .Bart: Martin.
Hey, who has better vacation ideas than AAA? According to the publisher of this AAA guidebook, no one..One of my favorite lines in the entire series.
I've always wanted to go to Macon, Georgia!
Bart, can we stop for ice cream?
Knoxville! Knoxville! Knoxville!
Nearly wrecked my car trying to take a picture of it when I was moving from VA to MS. I almost didn't believe it was a real thing.
I think you mean the Wig Sphere.
Well, did you get any wigs?
Is there a Hungarian giant motorized Rubik's cube?
I annoy my wife every time we pass through Knoxville because I point to it and tell the kids that thing is full of wigs. She told them the truth the first couple of times but now they point it out as the wig tower.
You got greedy, Martin.. 
Oh boy Flipsy, you and I are going on a raod trip
An information desk!
Grammer Rodeo
OP's real reason for being in Knoxville
I gotten third place
Andy Williams!?!
I didn't think he was going to sing 'Moon River,' and then BAM! second encore!
My favorite simpsons clip ever: 
There's just something about Winnipeg 
I agree, as a kid, this moment was the first time I laughed hysterically at a TV show
That's it! Back to Winnipeg!
Knoxville! Knoxville! Knoxville!
You're what we call in Latin a  ..
That's not Latin....
You boys gonna buy some wigs or ain'tcha?
But on the plus side we knocked over the Sun Sphere.
Ha-ha!
The wod fir?
Buy some wigs if you can.
I spend our last 10 dollars on this Al Gore doll!
This calls for a celebration..Celebrate good times, come on .I will.
One of my favorite gags ever.
But there's another World's Fair coming soon...right?  Before Friday?
"Excellente!"."Es muy bueno."
Shit like this is what makes the Simpsons so awesomely unique
"Exactly..."
A Star Is Burns
Season 6 Episode 18 
Schindler es bueno, Mr. Burns es el diablo...
Get me Steven Spielberg..He's unavailable..Then get me his non-union Mexican equivalent. 
Continue!
Alright, Lou. Open fire. 
I only watch the Simpsons on my Magnetbox.
"The dream was over....Coming up: Was the dream really over? Yes it was. Or was it?"
Behind the Laughter
Season 12 Episode 22
Nah, buddy, if you like to watch your TV, and I mean . watch it, then you want the Carnivale. 
This besmirches Otto and I hate it.
Za gravev nem zlotik diev!
Put it in H!
I drove a Trabant. It's exactly like this! 
Mr. Plow
Season 4 Episode 9
We are the champions...WEEE are the champions-..ya got mud on you're face! You big disgrace-!
IIISOO..TOPES!!!
Wild Barts Can't Be Broken
Season 10 Episode 11
Marge vs. the Monorail
Season 4 Episode 12
Home Sweet Homediddly-Dum-Doodily
Season 7 Episode 3
Lisa the Tree Hugger
Season 12 Episode 14
I'm a level 5 vegan. I won't eat anything that casts a shadow.
Looking forward to Duff Lite and Duff Dry
It's truly an honor to be here at this... Hey what is this all about anyway?.Oh God, No... You people make me sick!
Whacking Day
Season 4 Episode 20
Lisa needs braces
Dental Plan
Bullseye!
Uh, you forgot to like... Post something.
I think they actually used this same scene in the same episode where Homer's brother comes back. I believe Homer was sad about how his brother was still upset with him.
Interesting. I'll have to watch that episode again.
Core explosion, repent sins
Bart's Girlfriend
Season 6 Episode 7
Nice, 'Barts Girlfriend".  I'm watching season 6 for the first time right now.  Then 7..8...9...10.  Heaven.  
You are truly a saint.
Awful, awful hair.
"I'm a Trolll man...."
[deleted]
This gif was obviously made by either David Mirkin or John Swartzwelder, or both. They are attempting to subliminally implant their names in our minds.
This is a solid loop.
"Wait a minute... that isn't a bomb! Those are hot dogs! Armor hot dogs!"."What kind of man wears Armor hot dogs?"

hey, sorry I didn't mean to take your glory, I was watching 819 last night after a post yesterday and lost my shit at this point. I was going to make my own but after a google search, found this and posted it straight away. Excellent stuff, man!
So smooth! I sat there and watched it for a solid 20 minutes
Just a minute, Edna. I don't think we're talking about love here. We are talking about S-E-X, in front of the C-H-I-L-D-R-E-N! 
Hark to the tale of Nelson and the boy he loved so well
They remain the best of friends for years and years and years!
Dude, it's a gif. Chill out.
...I did.
Good lord is Nelson a giant?  He's a full head taller than Martin while seated...
Well, there's a little perspective at play, and he's slouching...
yeah its probably just the perspective.
I think Nelson has been held back a few times?
I think all the bullies are pretty much high school age and have likely been held back a few times.
One of them rides the school bus with his son.
That would be Kearney.  His son appears in multiple episodes.
You children may be a bit young to remember the national centennial... except maybe Kearney.
Those tall ships really lifted the nation's spirits after Watergate. 
"I live in a drawer"

The SEX CAULDRON?! I thought they shut that place down!
Grade School Confidential
Season 8 Episode 19
Possibly one of the best episodes ever. I watched it again after seeing . post
I love people like you..You knew it was gonna be asked and you just handled it..EDIT: 

David Mirkin
John Swartzwelder
David Mirkin
John Swartzwelder

Every day for me on Reddit.
Good gravy!.-Oh thank you, it's just brown and water. 
I literally just said this last night at the diner when I ordered gravy.  Its one of my most obscurely quoted lines.
I'm so proud of you.
Thank you
You're welcome.
What a nice young man. 

Here you are, Nelson.
PFFFFT
Here you are, Nelson.
PFFFFFFFT
dental plan!
Lisa needs braces!
dental plan!
Bullseye!
i said PFFFFT
 
[deleted]
"I told you we should have served cake instead of oysters"."IM RUINED!!"
"Lisa, you ate the oysters too? I thought you were a vegetarian."."I didnt... I just wanted to leave."
But Springfield there is nothing...oh my God Springfield you're operating without a T-437.. Lol 
I just realized that when you breath in you're probably just creating lower pressure in your lungs than outside your mouth so that air flows in. Mr. Burns probably couldn't breath too well with his lungs hanging out of his mouth, so I'm gonna go ahead and deduce that Mr. Burns has the most powerful lips of any man on Earth. I think there's more to that Burns-Smithers relationship than they let on.
What the f....What episode is . from? 
This has always been funny to me because my first grade teacher was Mrs. Crandall and the first thing she said when introducing herself was "Not crab apple."
There was a running joke that Mrs. Krabappel . be mispronounced "crab-apple," but no one ever ever seems to think of it. Even Homer who has been calling her the wrong thing didn't think of crab-apple. Until some fucking horrible episode in the middle of season 16 or some horrible season around then, Milhouse goes and blurts it out. They ruined the running joke.
Actually, Krabappel was called "Crab apple" much earlier in series - S09E02 "The Principal and the Pauper" to be exact.  The "real" Skinner commits the error, much to Edna's dismay..You can see it here at 15:01:.Skinner: "...listen to someone who gave their youth and service to their country.  Mrs. Crab-Apple, the pledge please.".Edna:  "You haven't dealt with women for a looong time, have you Sergeant?".Skinner:  "Are you asking me out?".For some reason the online episode transcripts do not have Skinner's pronunciation noted.
Or should I say, Mrs. Crab Apple
It's really weird to hear my last name being said by Homer.
Oh you're right! I forgot about that. That was a good episode too.
I just watched the episode. .And I just realized, "The Forty Year Old Virgin," the Simpsons did it!
Season 15 Episode 12: Milhouse Doesn't Live Here Anymore
Anything mentioned past about season 14 makes me kind of roll my eyes.
Anything past season 10 truly is horrible
I like to think of it as fanfic, because the writers grew up watching it, and try to emulate it. You or I could be a writer, and that's the part that upsets me most, I'm jealous that a less qualified person is doing a dream job of mine.
I've been watching season 5 recently. Pure gold.
Possibly the only moment in the Simpsons where homer has some self awareness. Incredibly strange and funny as a result.
I think 10-13 are passable..1-2: slow start to the comedy.3-7: pure, undeniable genius.8-9: still very good, slight loss of edge.10-13: not very funny, but still entertaining.14 - 18: the dark times. absolutely dreadful, uncomfortable, painful to watch..19-onwards: a modest improvement around the time the movie came out. continues today.
I totally, completely agree. Favourite episode? my top five:.5.Homer's Enemy
4.Homie the Clown
3.Marge vs Monorail
2. Lemon of Troy
1. Bart gets an Elephant
My top few episodes would be Homer's Quadruple Bypass, Itchy and Scratchy Land, and 
I think 10-13 remain underrated. They're more inconsistent as whole seasons, and have some of the first true stinkers on the show... but they also have some fucking classic episodes. For my money, E-I-E-I-(Annoyed Grunt) aka the Tomacco is the one the funniest episodes ever. That's in season 11. 
Yeah, true... they still had a lot of good jokes, but they had already begun losing what made the show so great.
I personally liked Simpsons up until the season premiere of season 14, the rock camp episode. It was the first episode I realized, "Hey, these jokes aren't very funny.".I tried seeing a couple of the new episodes recently, and they're unwatchable.
What killed it for me was the episode where Marge got breast implants. It was just obvious in that episode that they had shifted away from the jokes and completely to giving FOX something good to put in their commercials.

Why didn't anyone tell me?!
I love love love how he runs off at the end of the shot. Where was he running to? We'll never know.
Moe's maybe?
Well, you ruined it.
Why? It's just a possibility. 
Ohhh I've been makin an idiot outta myself
"Mrs. Krabappel and Principal Skinner were in the closet making babies and I saw one of the babies and then the baby looked at me."."The baby looked at you?"
Grade School Confidential
Season 8 Episode 19
It really only happened between seasons 6 and 9 really, but I love this type of joke, the one that reminds viewers that though these characters are all very familiar to us, within their own world they sometimes have limited interactions with other characters. .The fact that Homer can't remember Bart's teacher's name, the fact that Skinner can remember Flanders in Season 9 -- I just love those little touches. Arguably, Skinner probably should remember Flanders -- althought they really do have very, very little interaction throughout the series, Flanders does take his job in Season 5 (and of course takes Edna from him in later seasons, but I try to think of The Simpsons as a 10-season series, with a middling spinoff featuring the same characters for the next 15 years). .The same type of joke was recently used in the new season of Arrested Development, when it's shown that George Michael couldn't remember who Lucille 2 was (though the same issue occurs -- George Michael refers to Buster as her nurse in "Pier Pressure", and the episode is basically spent with GM helping Buster on her behalf). But still, for these characters with limited interactions, it's fun to see that, just like in real life, if you cross paths with someone only once or twice, you may draw a blank when someone else brings them up. .Sure, Homer and Krabappel had enough interaction that Homer should remember her, but this is an all-too-human moment, and one of the few times that that type of joke (at least in my recollection) has been attempted on the air. I'm sure there are other examples (feel free to tell me ones I've missed), but the scarcity of their use makes jokes like this funny every time I see them..And yes, I replied to the thread's top comment so this didn't get buried. I'm a bad person.
Completely agree, another reason why seasons 6 through 9 is probably my favourite slice of TV history
I'd include 4 and 5 in there, too (and usually give 3-10 as my favorite range, basically starting with "Bart the Lover" and ending with "Homer to the Max"), but you're right. There's no better run in TV history, even The Wire (which should never be compared to The Simpsons, but fuck it). Basically perfect. I'd even venture to say that Seasons 4 and 6 are the best two TV seasons ever, in terms of consistently amazing episodes.
Yep. The Wire, Sopranos, Seinfeld and Simpsons each to my mind have periods of perfection, but I'd agree   4 and 6 and possibly 7 are TV gold dust. Posted my favourite episodes further down but here they are again:.5.Homer's Enemy 
4. Homie the Clown 
3.Marge vs Monorail 
2. Lemon of Troy 
1. Bart gets an Elephant
You're doin God's work, son. 
Remember, you are from Green Bay, Wisconsin. Your parents are Herb and Judy Nahasapeemapetilon
Much Apu About Nothing
Season 7 Episode 23
This passport is a cheap forgery!  A cheap $2,000 forgery!
Why, it turns out I was a citizen all along, and I just. plum. forgot.
by the many arms of Vishnu, I swear it is a lie
Who needs the infinite compassion of Ganesha, when I've got Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman staring at me from Entertainment Weekly with their dead eyes!?
Burns' Heir
Season 5 Episode 18
Oh....goody.....
You're a long way from home, yuppie boy. . .I'll start a tab.
Maybe so Lisa, but it's part of our oh so human nature. Inside every man is a struggle between good and evil that cannot be resolved.

The 10 hours of this on YouTube still aren't enough.
Whacking Day
Season 4 Episode 20

I remember still running over people in that costume while being pursued by the cops in Hit and Run
Cape Feare
Season 5 Episode 2
It seems that your T-437 is fully op....oh my god!!! I mean...i mean MY GOD!!!
And it's in the name if lance aldrin....
Langdon Alger*
It's funny to think how vital that kind of equipment in a nuclear power plant.
Oh thank you
Lisa's Date with Density
Season 8 Episode 7
For some reason, when deciding an episode to watch, I always skip this one out of habit. I forgot now why I don't like it. I should watch it today.
Insane Clown Poppy
Season 12 Episode 3
The Wizard of Evergreen Terrace
Season 10 Episode 2
Homer, you've got it set to whore.
IT CAN'T BE TURNED OFF!
"I don't think women will like being shot in the face."
"Women will like what I tell them to like"
but it does break easily
Way to go sis!
They say it was carved from an even bigger room.
Bye Bye Nerdie
Season 12 Episode 16
Looks like Springfield's got a bit of discipline problem...
This place is starting to freak me out
look! it's some one's attractive cousin!
Alright folks, settle down, settle down, there's nothing to see here...
Oh wow, a huge plane crash! Gather 'round, people. C'mon, don't be shy. 
"... and you'll find that saving for your future is far more thrilling than any roller coaster."."Really?  Wow, I should have started a long time ago!"."Mm-hmm.  Now sign these forms.  I'm sure you'll find them more interesting than a weekend with Batman."
No offense kid, but your mom's a dingbat.
It kinda looks like a 4 year-old drew Bart's head in his frame. 
I can't tell if he's walking left or walking right.... If he's walking right, his elbow is weird... If he's walking left, his head is weird...
WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOUR FACE?
Homer: Uh. I'll have 4 tax burgers, 1 IRS-wich - withhold the lettuce, 3 dependant size sodas, and a FICA-chino..Teen: Fill out Schedule B. You should receive your burgers in 6-8 weeks.
The "withhold the lettuce" part gets me every time. 
I would've went for 100 cups of coffee. 
But that's $300! Unless the price is set to triple over the next two thousand years.
Bart the Fink
Season 7 Episode 15
"You'll be glad to know your money is in the hands of a professional."
MARGE! What were your gambling losses last year?
$700
Oh, I'm sorry. I can't divulge information about that customer's secret, illegal account..
...Oh crap. I shouldn't have said he was a customer....
Oh, crap. I shouldn't have said it was secret....
Oh, crap! I certainly shouldn't have said it was illegal!.
Ah, it's too hot today.
Some might say you're a hero, kid. Not me, however, I love Krusty
Tacos?  Public broadcasting?  I wont have you kids throwing your money away like that!
Marge: You'll feel better knowing your money's in the hands of professionals..Clerk: [in an ape mask] Uk, uk, are you folks ready to go ape?.Lisa: Mom....Marge: A professional in an ape mask is still a professional.
I love the way Marge delivers this, seemingly even more dismissive of public broadcasting than of a pile of tacos. 
The episode . (not the episode as depicted in OP's image) was aired when I was a little kid. This is the one that dealt with Homer trying to evade PBS by becoming a missionary, for those who cannot remember. That and this episode, alongside many others,  has really developed my view of public broadcasting. .I'm a huge supporter, not financially of course, but I do enjoy myself a good episode of ., a delicious British sitcom about a hard-drinking yet loving family of soccer hooligans.
Gotta go with private broadcasting, dude. That's the only place to find the (regrettably canceled) Ethnic Mismatch Comedy #644:.SHUT UPPA YOUR FACE!
If they're not having a go with a bird, they're having a row with a wanker!
This will provide adequate sustenance for the Dr Who marathon!
APUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!
Homer and Apu
Season 5 Episode 13
Look at them! They've jumped on the one franchise I might possibly have considered thinking about becoming interested in!
But you sound like you're ready to become your own boss in the exciting world of frame-nudging!  Yes, for a minimal franchise fee, you'll receive a pair of straightening gloves, a canister of wall lubricant and a booklet of the most commonly asked questions you will hear, including: "Who are you?" and "What are you doing here?"
That's the miracle of the franchise. You get all the equipment and know-how you need, plus a familiar brand-name people trust. You'll be on a rocket-ride to the moon! And while you're there, would you pick up some of that nice, green moon money for me  Royce McCutcheon! 
The Twisted World of Marge Simpson
Season 8 Episode 11
The Haw-Hawed Couple
Season 18 Episode 8
'The Sweetest Apu', nineteenth episode of season thirteen
The Sweetest Apu
Season 13 Episode 19
Master your ass!
Brother from Another Series
Season 8 Episode 16
100,000 tonnes of reinforced concrete.   
Marge, I'm going to look for the kids!
Homer's Phobia
Season 8 Episode 15
From 4F11 (S8E15), "Homer's Phobia". I have always lost my shit cracking up at Bart's understanding of contract law.
Pepsi 
Brother from the Same Planet
Season 4 Episode 14
I never brought this up to anyone out of laziness of explaining the scene or making a screencap but... seconds before this particular shot they are squaring off but has anyone else thought that it looks really similar to Street Fighter 2 intro scene where the two doods are fighting and the one guy punches the other guy?... CAMANNN....edit: 
Yeah it's pretty uncanny. 
it's definitely a reference. 
Bigger Brother employee: And what are your reasons for wanting a little brother?.
Homer's brain: Don't say revenge, don't say revenge!.
Homer: Eh... revenge?.
Homer's brain: That's it, I'm gettin' outta here!     

TRAB PU KCIP. TRAB PU KCIP.
Yeah can you imagine staring into homer's crotch?
man, this is definitely one of the creepiest episodes..that scene with bart confessing that he was 'faking it' when homer pushed him on the swing? soo fucked up..then the scene where homer is driving and his skin melts off and the trees are on fire in the background?.a hilarious episode, but damn does it have some bizzare moments.
I have just been singing "I work for Monty Burns, m-m-m-m-m-m-m- Monty Burns" for the last 10 minutes. Damn you!.That's going to stay in my head for a while
I really wish this were true. Dear lord I wish it were.
I wish someone would drive down my street and offer me a better job. 
Looking mighty gay today ha smithers?
Smithers' body language in this scene is priceless!
I've never noticed that Smithers is a fedora-wearing atheist neckbeard. 
Huh? You're getting that all from the fact that he's wearing a hat in this picture?
You Only Move Twice
Season 8 Episode 2
Ah if only this were actually are reality.
It was back then 
On reddit, there are no hats. Only fedoras.
Only management guys with big salaries like me can afford that. Guys like me! I'm a guy like me!
Shcorpio, you're totally mad!
...Mr. Bont
Hah. I wouldn't point fingers, you jerk
 He's supposed to die!
That chick is hot. I didn't realize until recently but she's also fighting in the end, wearing bikini (IIRC).
Dude! Woah! i.imgur.com/UmpOi.gif
Did anyone else catch that the headhunter said "life-partner" when trying to recruit him?
Our parents had to endure those hardships..We're so lucky, lazy, spoiled, etc.
gets fired from job, walks across street to get new job
"We cant take that chance"
"You always say that! I want to take a chance!"
And then again when Homer says it to Marge after Smithers turns it down.."...for me AND my life partner!"
Stop that guy! He's supposed to die!
I tackled a loafer a work today. 
Are you guys working?
Yes, sir, Mr Simpson.
Could you, uh, work harder? 
Do you have any sugar?
Sure thing! 
Oh, those jerks always walking all over the small businessman. Dont get me started about the government!
If Tom Landry's hat won't inspire you I might as well quit right now!
hey... what you guys need is HAMMOCKS!
it's not in packets.
Want some cream?
Uh... I... no.
No one ever says Italy.
Scorpio: Hey, before we continue our tour, would you mind hanging my coat up on the wall please?.Homer:Mmmhmm. Umuhh now lets see now. Uuummm..Scorpio: Ahaha. Relax, Homer, at Globex we dont believe in walls. In fact, I didn't even give you my coat!.Homer: [looks down, coat is gone] Huh?!.Scorpio: [wearing coat backwards, grinning]

You ever see a man say goodbye to a shoe?
yes once
Was this a reference to another episode?
Yeah, I think it's to the same Scorpio episode. 
What happened again?
 Sorry for the poor quality.
"You only move Twice" it's called. A part of the best Simpsons season ever, Season 8. Albert Brooks is such a friggin amazing voice actor.."Matter of fact their all in the same complex. It's the hammock complex, down on third."."Oh, the hammock district."
My fav episode
I believe the entire hammock exchange was made up on the spot. Just the two actors goofing around became an iconic television moment. 
That's cool, I had no idea. That's among my favourite back-and-forths on the Simpsons. 
It's a reference to the scene that had happened immediately before. Scorpio threw the shoe while saying "goodbye," then asked Homer if he'd ever seen that. Homer says "Yes, once" to refer to the thing he'd just seen. 
He said way more than a simple goodbye to those shoes.
I read somewhere that a large portion of Homer's dialogue with Hank was just Dan Castanelleta reacting/trying to keep up with Albert Brooks insanely quick and hilarious adlibbing.  Turned out phenomenal!
Yeah, that makes the jokes more interesting, you can imagine them having the conversation when recording and looking at each other weirdly..Also, Dan Castellaneta*. Sorry.
The Hammock District conversation was exactly this.
That is one of my all time favorite lines on the Simpson's.
Strong contender for best visual gag in Simpson history: the bum turns into a mailbox
Also a fantastic sign gag (kind of...was it a sign, or do they just say it??)  .Maple Systems Road
Yeah that gag gets me every time. The chime sound effect that goes along with it really makes the joke.
I don't get it.
My absolute favorite bit is the extinct joke where Bart and Lisa's fancy new school .. Not that it's the funniest gag just that it's amazing how a good joke came so true that it doesn't even register as a joke any more..P.S. ya I don't really get it either, maybe just that it's an unnecessarily techy name? Instead of Maple Street, Maple Systems Road
I assumed it was an Apple joke. Both are trees and they kinda revisit it years later with the Maple Store, MiPod etc.
We don't have bums in our town, Marge, and if we did they wouldn't rush, they'd be allowed to go at their own pace.
G.I. (Annoyed Grunt)
Season 18 Episode 5
OOOH! It's Lisa! That's ours.
Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire
Season 1 Episode 1
"Ball is in...parking lot. Would you like to play again? You have selected, "No.
This is detective Don Brodka from Try-N-Save security. That's right, Don Brodka.
"In addition to yelling at and intimidating employees of the show, [Lawrence] Tierney made unreasonable requests such as abandoning his distinctive voice to do the part in a southern accent and refusing to perform lines if he did not "get the jokes"" Same guy played Elaines father on a Seinfeld episode revolving about him being intimidating and making people uncomfortable.
"Marge, is Lisa at Camp Granada?"
Well get two, I'm not sharing with Caitlin!
Yeah, uh-huh.
Catfish?
Hello Muddah, Hello Faddah.
Seeing most of these posts I finally understand what the characters are saying.
Marge Be Not Proud
Season 7 Episode 11 
Rutager
Bart's Inner Child
Season 5 Episode 7
Do As We Say festival.. fucking brilliant
Oh my god...so good. Must admit, I never got the joke as a child. Kudos OP
Homer: Oh my God!.
Lisa: What is it?.
Homer: Tramampoline!!!!!
TROMBOMPOLINE!
BE LIKE THE BOY!  BE LIKE THE BOY!
We like Roy!
Everyone is realizing the joke and I am just sitting here confused... Help?...


Is the joke really just that Germans moved to the states after WW2 and acted like they should lead?
We'll live like kings! Damn hell ass kings!

I didn't get the 1946 part of the joke until years later....S05E7 - "Bart's Inner Child" (1993)
Lard of the Dance
Season 10 Episode 1
Lisa's Rival
Season 6 Episode 2
Pygmoelian
Season 11 Episode 16
"But I didn't do anything!!"."I don't care."
Oh no, not again!
S06E02 - "Lisa's Rival".original air date: 09/11/1994


That's awesome!  Congrats on your wedding! 
I admire your cromulence.
We're newlyweds on our way to Earth capital.
are the kang and kodos fondant are actual toys that you found?  I love this so much!
Man I would love to have these for my wedding next year, problem is I bet most guests would just think they are generic aliens. I would be able to to enjoy my wedding day because I would have to stand by the cake and set everyone straight. 
Did you offer your bride the choice of spawning location following the ceremony as well?
my husband had the "action figures" for years and I made the outfits for the wedding
I envy a couple who is . obsessed with the Simpsons, where its okay for it to "leak out" on the most important cake in a couples lives. Thanks for giving me a glimmer of hope..edit: Wedding pigs cufflinks, also.
Don't blame me, I married Kodos.
Why would she pick the alley, thats so gross?!
Serak the Preparer did a wonderful job on these.
i thought they were brother and sister? haha
Yeah, Kodos is Kang's sister.
they are
Looks like they are holding hands to exchange long protein strands. 
If you can think of a better way I'd like to hear it.
I always secrete ocular fluid at weddings.
That's because of  incest. They are sisters 
Brother and sister, I believe.
Nope just sisters
Nope just sisters.
Kang is a Rigellian from Rigel 7. His sister is Kodos. Together, Kang and Kodos try to take over Earth and are usually seen attacking Springfield. .Kodos has been referred to as both male and female. Female in Treehouse of Horror VII and male in Treehouse of Horror XVIII, though this may be due to humans being unable to tell male and female Rigelians apart. Also, Kodos mentioned his/her "700 testicles" in "Treehouse of Horror XVIII", however, in Treehouse of Horror XXII, Kamala, a female Rigelian, also made a reference to having testicles.
In several DVD commentaries, Matt Groening and other writers confirm that Kodos is indeed written as female, as consistently as possible. 
i am Kang, and this is my sister, Kodos. "hello"
Why did you bring me? I don't know anyone
The Simpsons Spin-Off Showcase "Chief Wiggum P.I."
Season 8 Episode 24
Season 8 Episode 24?
Wow, I failed I'm sorry.
No, it's fine. I think everyone appreciates the efforts you've made here.
New Orleans is my town.  Nobody going to mess with me.  I got interests, and I ain't talking about stamp collecting, though I do find that extremely interesting.
Look big daddy there's regular daddy
you know, the glory of being a clown...
I gotta go with Homer at the Bat
Georgia.
Texas!
Errrr.... Brooklyn
Russia.
New Hampshire.
Homer!
Where us the double up vote button? Best episode ever.
It's up there in the top 10 I'd say, but not where near the #1 spot. My personal favorite is the Hank Scorpio episode.
Yeah that would be up there also as one of my favourites but I love clown college.
That advertisement had no effect on me whatsoever  
Keokuk! Kookamunga! Seattle!
AHAHAHAHAHH   AHHAHAAA AH AHHA  Seattle!  HAHAHAHAHA
I think I'll have some wine
Homie the Clown
Season 6 Episode 15
I'm seeing double.... 
Clown college? You can't eat that. 
Doot-doot-do-do-do-do-doot-doot-doo-doo
I don't think any of us expected him to say that.
Itchy & Scratchy: The Movie
Season 4 Episode 6
You can buy the early ones for pretty cheap. This isn't the place to come asking for links to piracy.
My house, I own all the episodes that are available on DVD.
Wtso.net
Is that safe? I saw conflicting reports on the internet and I don't have a mac.
Well, I use it.
Ok be there in five
S07E25 - "Summer Of 4 ft. 2".original air date: 5/19/1996
I probably say this every time I  got to the beach.
Summer of 4 Ft. 2
Season 7 Episode 25
Zeppelin rulesssssss...
Order! Order! Do you kids want to be like the real U.N., or do you just wanna squabble and waste time? 
Das Bus
Season 9 Episode 14
Kids?
Homer at the Bat
Season 3 Episode 17
We'll tell you mum!
Ban the bottle!
Some people say I look like Dan Aykroyd
Mother Simpson
Season 7 Episode 8
Gee, Joe, you haven't been the same since your son went crazy in Vietnam. 
"Up with people!"
Ma, there's something you should know about me: I almost always spoil the moment. [a pelican lands on his head and spits a fish into his pants]
I'm sorry.
That's okay, Homer. It wasn't your fault.
How about .?
The Day the Violence Died
Season 7 Episode 18
the facepalm of the blue haired lawyer is priceless 
Deserves more upvotes. Possibly Marges funniest line
Look! Another repost! 
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
I hadn't seen this either. Thanks for sharing.
LOL DAE LOVE MEMES ZOMG ROFL LMAO XD. I'M 12 AND I LOVE MEMES.
Calm down Gaylord
Seems that one was a repost as well. .Is Reddit your full-time job? This is all very serious business, after all. 
Also, I don't read . with any frequency. I was wondering why I couldn't find what you were talking about in .. 
Where'd you find it?
From my Facebook feed. 
It took me a while, but I finally scrolled through my Facebook history enough to find it. 
This makes it 100 time worse.
No matter what school of thought you follow as to the cycle of Reddit content, Facebook is . the last place it gets posted. Anything you find on Facebook that's not original content, has already been on Reddit. Reddit is not my full time job, but I do believe in upholding standard Reddiquette. 
I didn't see it when I looked through my subreddits, my Reddit time yesterday was minimal, and this exact image wasn't posted to .. You claim that I reposted this but it was something that was in another subreddit, and one that I don't frequent. Upon further minute inspection, the one I posted doesn't seem to have a watermark, whereas the one you linked to does. .After skimming your comment history I've noticed that you have an enormous opinion of yourself. You never miss an opportunity to point out someone else's flaws and you typically present yourself as a snobbish hipster. Hipster or no, wherever you are sitting right now probably has an ass-groove and body imprint that would make Homer Simpson proud. .You claim to uphold 'standard Reddiquette', but complaining about 'reposts' is something they ask us not to do. .. What you are doing is in the 'Please don't' section. .The tl;dr version: You and I are not going to see eye to eye, 
Enjoy being 14. I miss that age. 
Man, I wish I was 14 again. .With the Tonya Harding fiasco, Kurt Kobain's suicide, the execution of John Wayne Gacy, the O.J. Simpson murders, Tupac Shakur's murder, and with good old Bill Clinton in charge, 1994 was an interesting year. 

Someone JUST posted this yesterday. I love the Simpsons, but downvote for you sir.
I shall redouble my efforts to see every possible scrap that Reddit has to offer each and every day so that I may not disappoint you in the future, sir. 
You reposted something .It's blatant karma whoring. Get your shit together Tyrone. 
You can check his other posts and see that yes, OP is a karma-whore.
I came up for air yesterday. I didn't see one picture out of hundreds of thousands. 
up glaze for this man I'll give you the chance reddit won't give because its the first time I've seen it too.
Homie the Clown
Season 6 Episode 15
Plus, I did your breasts!
did anyone hear me complaining about the breasts!
Can you loan me bus fair?
[the doctor stuffs a bill in Krusty's new cleavage]
I had saved the boxes for this and the Bart one. . I remember liking the Bart cereal more (i believe it was a peanut butter cereal ). . Alas when my parents moved a few years back the boxes were tossed.. good find fellow collector.  
I ate soo many boxes of these, I was quite sad when they were no longer available 
wow, never seen this before. I like these kinds of posts.
put it up on eBay!
Wonder if there's a metal Krusty-O.
I remember this. I like the Bart cereal better though. It was basically chocolate and peanut butter covered corn pops.... just delicious.
I remember this cereal! Except I didn't save the box intact...I cut out the homer with donut portion for my school binder. Good going younger me :-/
I still have mine. I did however eat it all a long time ago.
That cereal was kinda gross, IIRC. Wish I had kept the box, though.
This is as good of a collectible as Billy Beer. 
We elected the wrong Carter.
I've been a huge Simpsons fan my whole life, and I specifically remember when these were released (I would have been 11 at the time) wanting to get a box and save it unopened. Well I did, but I completely forgot about it until just now.
That's some hardcore collecting.::dons cereal bowl as cap::  .::salutes::
Looks like Springfield's got a discipline problem...
Lemon of Troy
Season 6 Episode 24
We have run out of Bort license plates at the gift shop. I repeat: we are out of Bort license plates.
"Ha-haa, you know Milhouse!"
In this house we obey the laws of thermodynamics!!
Grampa: Do we sell... French... fries?.Helen Lovejoy: Can't somebody please think of the children!
Moe: "He's right you know."
"About the Ox?"
Moe: "About everything, dammit.".For some reason, it just makes me crack up harder than any other line. I usually pause the episode and watch it four or five more times back to back.
Every major and minor character, eh?.This isn't a saxophone! It's an umbrella!.You mean I've been playing an umbrella for thirty years? Why didn't anybody tell me?.Heh...we all thought it was funny..That's not funny.
Lisa, just because you're 10 feet tall doesn't mean you can tell me what to do.
I'm Bart
"No matter how good you are at something, there is always about a million people better then you.".Words to live your life by.
"Everything's coming up Milhouse!"
Lisa: What's so special about this game anyway?  It's just another chapter in the pointless rivalry between Springfield and Shelbyville.  They built a mini-mall, so we built a bigger mini-mall.  They made the world's largest pizza, so we burnt down their city hall.
 "ugggghhhhh" . "uggggghhhhh" . "uggggghhhhh"
So could you, Scott.
Perfectly captured
Best Simpsons still I've seen on here in forever
if the powers that be at fox had any sense, they'd make this exact toy.
"No offense kid, but your mom's a dingbat"
I still remember falling off the couch laughing at this bit. And like seeing that crippled Irishman, I laughed for days.
Ah! Me leg's gone gimpy!
Never understood the phrase "wake up dead."

beaten by 5 hours..i suck haha
Bart the Fink
Season 7 Episode 15
Thank you! I think including this information in the title should be apart of the subreddit rules. 
[deleted]
Oh, sorry, what am I thinking, goodnight son
"How the hell do you wake up dead"?
Cause you're alive when you go to sleep. 
So you're telling me you can go to bed dead, and wake up alive? 
You can't go to bed dead! That shit would be redundant!
People die all the time, just like that! -
well...goodnight!

Homer's Phobia
Season 8 Episode 15
PI IS EXACTLY THREE!
Bye Bye Nerdie
Season 12 Episode 16
It would have been easier to just type "D'OH!"
Two Dozen and One Greyhounds
Season 6 Episode 20
...this time.....
This list completely fails without 
Oh God yes! How could they have left that out? I feel as my submission should be downvoted to oblivion as a result. 
no, ultrasuede is a miracle
zzzzzzap!
his is just good timing
Homer's Phobia
Season 8 Episode 15
Don't do this to me Waylon!
You can call them whitey wackers 
The Twisted World of Marge Simpson
Season 8 Episode 11 
Ladies and gentlemen this is...this is a black day for baseball.
Homer the Heretic
Season 4 Episode 3
Fly Bart has always, and will always, freak me the hell out.
Okay Bart, it's your sugar.
Treehouse of Horror VIII "Fly vs. Fly"
Season 9 Episode 7
No no dig up stupid
This is a T-shirt design idea of mine, more info on 
A part of me wishes the minions were simpsons themed in some way -- but I can't think of anything that fits! Hmmm
The link on the minions is the three eyes, like blinky the fish..I noticed that there aren't any 3 eyed ones in the films.
Yeah it's good! The only other thing I can imagine, is if they all had resembled Smithers in some subtle way -- the glasses, or mouth, or something like that. But, I'm not sure, it might ruin it.
I did think of giving one minion Homers hair, it would be subtle, but it might add that extra something.
I love that this is a task for Smithers in tapped out. Cowboy outfit and all.
The Simpsons Spin-Off Showcase "The Simpson Family Smile-Time Variety Hour"
Season 8 Episode 24
. Ugh. I feel like it tries to re-write Homer and Marge's dating history and does a bad job at it.
The episode where Lisa started eating bugs for the iron or something. She could have just taken pills or something. It's like they wanted to kill the show before the final season. 
Yeah I agree that one is really bad.
Season 12+ is my general rule
All Singing All Dancing
The majority of season 16
too many people give the later seasons a bad wrap because season 11-13 were awful. i've met soooooooooo many people who say new simpsons sucks, and they haven't seen a new episode in a decade. 
Homer's Triple Bypass
Season 4 Episode 11
You're FAILING, Seymour. What is it with you and FAILING?
Love the def leopard mirror in the back.
Now you're on the trolley...
Bart Carny
Season 9 Episode 12
For anyone who hasn't scene this part its actually one of the funnier deleted scenes.
Deleted scene from Treehouse of Horror IV (Bart Simpson's Dracula in particular.)
Thank you!  Putting in the DVD now.
Thank you for making me laugh on my Birthday. Love Milhouse
Disney rides keep getting worse and worse...

I just wish jasper Johns hadn't stolen my boat...
Yoink!
Milpool
Ehh, put a pan down there.
The grand canals of Toronto. Just like Venice, without the black plague.
... for now.
If you're going to post someone's tweet, it would be nice if you'd at least credit its creator in the comments:.For anyone wondering, this is a picture taken tonight at a flooded subway station in Toronto. Here are some more: 
Hey, they're working! My feet are soaked, but my cuffs are bone dry!
Pretty much the only comment one can make for this occasion. Cheers!
Lisa's Sax
Season 9 Episode 3
I absolutely love when The Simpsons references my other favorite show, Twin Peaks.
I never understood this scene, probably because I never watched "Twin Peaks."
I never understood this scene until I watched Twin Peaks.
That gum you like is going to come back in style. 
Still way less weird than . Twin Peaks.
It's full of weird stuff like that as well as scenes of the main character drinking coffee and enjoying it a little too much. It's also the basis for the backwards talking Lisa in Wiggum's dream in Who Shot Mr Burns.
Really? I thought that was from The Shining.. 
Brilliant! heh heh... I have absolutely no idea what is going on.
The Cartridge Family
Season 9 Episode 5
Hiya, Homer. I brung ya a big bag of irregular Oreos. 
"whats wrong with this one?. . oh".
Insane Clown Poppy
Season 12 Episode 3
You Only Move Twice
Season 8 Episode 2
"this towns been real good to us"
"no it hasnt thats why we're leaving!"
Why do you mock me, O Lord?
Homer Loves Flanders
Season 5 Episode 16
Now I know I shouldn't eat thee....
Mmmm. Sacralicious. 
My baseball team used to giveaway moon pies to anyone who came to our games and said "Moon Pie. What a time to be alive."  Wacky and fun...
Time traveler discount?
See, I don't know what a moon pie is (some American thing, I guess) so watching this as a kid I had no idea what that joke meant
Yay! Jasper! 
My boyfriend says "moon pie" every time he wants to say "this is amazing."
Nice image except the one quality stinks. 
wha...
Lisa the Simpson
Season 9 Episode 17
Here is your official recognition
They are pretty good. And I don't even like chocolate.  
They are .. I have only seen chocolate and vanilla.
A . is a snack (marshmallow between two graham crackers, dipped in chocolate/vanilla/banana coating), originally from Tennessee. They are associated with the American South.
I don't deserve anything. I'm probably going to quit, I made a mistake on someone's post about which episode it was and I just don't know if I can continue now.
The delivery of this line is what gets me every single time. This show has given us some of the most talented voice actors ever.
We sell moon pies at my work, and every single damn time I pass them I can't help but think in my head, .I pass them 6+ times a shift. 
I say this every 15 minutes every single Mardi Gras.
Woah! slow down there tubbby, you're not on the moon yet.
Return to your state of living death at once, sir!
Favorite jasper moment
That's a paddlin'
Paddlin the school canoe, oh you better believe that's a paddlin
Pretty sure "What a time to be alive" is the Simpsons line I use most in everyday conversation.
I say "What an age we live in!".
Mine is "yoink!"
"No, no, I'm very low-brow" 
THIS I GOTTA SEE!
"Yeah, I know I'm on, but I don't care.  I . read the news until I get my danish!"
"man...now that's danish! Where'd ya get it?"."I stole it from Kent Brockman"."...he didn't touch it, did he?"
Mel was supposed to do it but he's dead.Or sick I dunno...
 .My cataracts, they're gone, I can see all the colors of the .I'm blind... Oh well, easy come easy go
It's a freezer geezer!
Me and frostelicus go back a long way.  I shared a bathroom with frostelicus, in fact I got a real funny story about that...
Well, it's not really so funny as it is long! 
This and "Slow down. The sidewalk's for regular walking, not for fancy walking."
Is that you, Apu? Time has ravaged your once youthful looks.
Paddlin....
It's a perfectly cromulent word...
Handsome Pete!
A quarter? Yar, he'll be dancin' for hours.
As wacky as those kids were, they were no match for "Captain Wacky", later renamed "Homer".
A part of us all. A part of us all. A part of us all. A part of us all. A part of us all. 
You know, I'm no art critic, but I know what I hate.
    And... I don't hate this
as simple as these are i can look at the 4th one and tell right away what it is supposed to be. it would be awesome to show these to some people and see if they know what it is. I think any simpsons fan would recognize those colors right away.
great job.
I love it.
I like it, except Homer's head is too long in the second picture
Ow my heart!
Bart Carny
Season 9 Episode 12
That one line ruined the prestige of saxophonists for years.
That one line made me want to become a famous saxophone player
Trom-bom-mabone? Tuba-maba?
I wish I knew something about the baby I could miss now
Flut-toot-ma-tute
Followed by Fast Animals, Slow Children?
Watching all that stomach surgery made me hungry!
Lisa the Simpson
Season 9 episode 17
Man has always loved his buildings, but what happens when the buildings say "no more"?
Maybe some people died?
"The best part was when the buildings fell down!"
"Parade to distract joyless citizenry"
Deadbeat dad beat dead
Editorial:  Why not let dead pets vote?


Beaver Rescue Falls Short
Spinning Newspaper injury or something like that.
Little Big Mom
Season 11 Episode 10
Stupid sexy Flanders!
for a sixty-something year old man..thats not bad
The best was the scene where Homer is secretly filming him in the shower to get him a date after Maude died... Ned's packin'.
Sweeeet can!
Homer: Somebody had to take the babysitter home.  Then I noticed she was
       sitting on [splice] her sweet [splice] can.  [splice] -- o I grab
       her -- [splice] sweet can.  [splice] Oh, just thinking about
       [splice] her [splice] can [splice] I just wish I had he --
       [splice] sweet [splice] sweet [splice] s-s-sweet [splice] can.
Jones: So, Mr. Simpson: you admit you grabbed her can.  What do you have
       to say in your defense?
Homer: [looking lustful in a clearly-paused VCR shot]
Jones: Mr. Simpson, your silence will only incriminate you further.
        [paused shot of Homer grows larger]
       No, Mr. Simpson, don't take your anger out on me.  Get back!  Get
       back!  Mist -- Mr. Simpson -- nooo!.Man: [quickly] Dramatization -- may not have happened.
Perfect!
I love the interview. That clock.
"Homer sleeps nude in an oxygen tent which he believes gives him sexual powers!"
"Hey! That's a half-truth!"
Marge, I swear to you - I never thought you'd find out! 
See you in hell dinner plate!
The Cartridge Family
Season 9 Episode 5
Where did all my dinner plates go?

I'm making record time on this fog-walk!
eyes bigger than your stomach, eh wolfy?
Treehouse of Horror X "I Know What You Diddily-Iddily-Did"
Season 11 Episode 4
MILPOOL
Bart of Darkness
Season 6 Episode 1
My face is on fire! 
Heya, Homer. Wing me another one a them burgers. I can't seem to... move under my own power.
I can't believe they expect us to swallow that tripe
Is there anything here that doesn't contain meat? .Possibly the meatloaf. 
one of my favorite episodes of all time.......I even say this when I drop food on the floor.
One of my favourite episodes. The end is very moving, and the whole point of the episode is clever and true..I often remember it when I'm getting too intolerant about something.
It's gone dad.
Welp, bout time I post this: 
In case anyone doesn't remember this episode, just scroll through the comments to read the episode script. It's not in chronological order though.
I'm Sgt Pepper's lonely hearts club man, I hope I will enjoy my show!
Just a little slimey...it's still good
Just ask this scientisian.....
"Don't cry for me! Just keep me inside. Inside of your big dwarf belly!"
Yum. It's full bunly goodness 
flying pig.. flying pig.. does whatever a flying pig does.
WTSO.TV.Every single simpsons episode for those who want to relive the glory days...You're Welcome.
I find reasons to quote this scene more often than you might think.
And how!  I may have been to a BBBQ or two, were a  "You don't win friends with salad" conga line broke out!  Okay, it was just me BUT my wife was red in the face, to proud of me to even speak.  What a woman.
What about bacon?.Ham?.Pork chops?
Season 7 Episode 5
Lisa the vegetarian.
You're a saint.
Thanks. By the way, does someone know how was the scene in which Homer and Lisa don't talk to each other? It's amazing.
funny how most of these posts I read internally in the voice used in the episode
Hi! I'm Troy McClure! You may remember me from such educational films as "2 minus 3 equals negative fun!!" And "Firecrackers: The Silent Killer!".Umm... Mr. McClure?!.Oh, hello Bobby!.Jimmy...
Uh, Mr. McClure, I have a . friend who says it's wrong to eat meat. Is he crazy?
No, Jimmy, just ignorant. 
I say this every time I drop my food.
Baby Im amazed at the way you love me all the time...


Hung me on the line, 
Lisa: Wait Dad!  Good news, everyone!  You don't have to eat meat! I've got enough gazpacho for everyone.  [Crowd murmurs.]  It's tomato soup, served ice cold!  [Crowd laughs at Lisa.]
Come on Jimmy, let's take a peek at the killing floor..
Don't let the name throw you Jimmy.  It's not really a floor,
It's more of a grate where fluids and organs can sluice through. 
...so it can be collected and exported!
Just ask this scientician
I studied radio broadcasting and I used that same gag in a mock commercial about a scratch and sniff diet. 
Uh...
Diagnosis: Delicious!
INDEPENDENT THOUGHT ALARM
That's two in one day, Willy, remove the colored chalk from the classrooms.
I warned ya! didn't I warn ya!
That colored chalk was forged by lucifer himself!
Here's to the host that can boast the most roast!
Another hot beef injection!
I ask my wife if she wants a hot beef injection to initiate sex. So far I'm 0 for 30 but I'm still optimistic! 
Another Whopper for the copper!
Aapparently my crazy friend here hasn't heard of the food chain.
I just love how this picture gets shown for a few seconds without any commentary
Mmm I can't wait to eat that monkey.
And that poodle sure looks delicious!
Go back to Russia!!
my favorite barney joke... confusing gazpacho for borscht, and knowing that it was from Russia.much like when Homer knew all about ayatollah and Iranian politics
When I grow up, I'm going to Bovine University!

I'm right here..Sorry, force of habit...LISA, NO!.Edit: corrected quote.
*Sorry, force of habit
It's gone.
I know...
You don't win friends with salad!
On s'fait pas d'potes  coups d'salade !
Mom!!
I don't mean to take sides, I just got caught up in the rhythm.
Homer's BBBQ! The extra B is for B.Y.O.B.B. .What's that extra B for?.That's a typo. 
This is one of my favorite lines from the Simpsons.
If I went to a party and there was no meat, I'd say: "Yo!  Goober!  Where's the meat?!"
You know, Smithers, I think I'll donate a million dollars to the local orphanage. When pigs fly! 
Will you be donating that million dollars now, Sir?
No, I'd still prefer not.
Homer the Vigilante
Season 5 Episode 11
Would you say it's time for everyone to panic?
The Springfield Connection
Season 6 Episode 23
Bart the Daredevil
Season 2 Episode 8
This is odd, as it reverses major historical trends in American politics.  This reversal began during the growth of labor unions in the 1920's.  Despite the fact that democrats had traditionally stood for segregation and states rights, in other words, supporting a fairly limited government, Labor Unions were fighting major battles against the political parties in power at the time.  For Northern cities, where the bulk of labor organization was occurring, this meant opposing the traditional powerful political organizations that the republicans had built up over the century.  Although some socialist parties formed, most organizing occurred with the democratic party, which began to represent Labor Unions and the industrial workers of the United States.
ITS NICEEEEEE
Deep Space Homer
Season 5 Episode 15
There once was a man from Nantucket
I'm rewatching the entire series in order (except Treehouses of Horror; I'm saving those), and I'm up to Season 14 (it sucks, but not as bad as I remembered it). .If you're watching the new episodes, you'll know they did an episode about Carl and his family's story in Iceland. I didn't realize that they had established that Carl is from Iceland in a one-liner from 10 years ago.
Lost Our Lisa
Season 9 Episode 24
Dad, that's the Old Spice song!
It is? Well, that's a good song too!
Aren't you guys gonna ask me about my hat?
hmmm, . . hey Carl, what's with the hat?
What episode is this from?
I believe it's the one about the flaming moe
I have to find it. If I remember correctly, Patty and Selma gave Maggie a "makeover," right?
Season 3 episode 10  that should be it
No, Lisa has a sleep over and the girls want to give Bart a makeover, but they do it to Maggie instead.
Hello, big Maggie.
Just because your 10 feet tall doesn't mean you can boss me around!
: The . came out .Time for a rewatch!
I miss Maude and her non-sticking outness
Ned Flanders, my vote for character who goes Postal in the series finale. 
It should be Marge.
Alone Again, Natura-Diddily
Season 11 Episode 14. 
Maybe its someone else...
Bart of Darkness
Season 6 Episode 1
Then that's not the real Ned Flanders.
I'm a mur-diddley-urdler!
If that's not Flanders, he's done his homework
I was disappointed when the "Best of  Monty Burns" on YouTube did not include this quote, in my opinion its one of his greatest.
Deep Space Homer
Season 5 Episode 15
I really think it is something Mr. Burns would say, it really suits his character.
My favorite Milhouse gif... something about that head bob gets me every single time!
We're through the looking glass here people
Kind of a "half-ass" original character
Like Ricky Rouse and Monald Muck.
Simpsoncalifragilisticexpiala(Annoyed Grunt)cious
Season 7 Episode 13
Bart's teacher is named Krabapel!?! I've been calling her Krandel!!
Grade School Confidential
Season 8 Episode 9
one of the babies looked at you?? Sarah, get me super intendant Chalmers on the phone!
Thank you Sarah...
And then they opened the door and Principal Skinner and Miss Krabappel were .-.-and swearing!
"...but Football in the Groin had a football in the groin."
How I feel about the Simpsons post season 11
one of the many times i realized how little i know of barney
I respect you for posting this. 
Mr Gumble, this is a girl scout meeting
the rather unfortunately titled "Pukeahontas"
Excuse me, did something crawl down your throat and die?
It didn't die.
JUST HOOK IT TO MY VEIN!!
He has a soul of a poet...
Trash of the Titans
Season 9 Episode 22
Rod get off of there!
homer, the woman living in our trash pile attacked me again
thats not the way she tells it
And the school nurse says that Bart has the plague.
Eh, it's like the measles...good to get it out of the way!
That's your favorite scene? Watch more episodes...
isn't that charakter Groenings self-display?
The Itchy & Scratchy & Poochie Show
Season 8 Episode 14.
My knob tastes funny
Actually, it's 
well that's interesting.
Please refrain from tasting the knob. 
Sooooo... Poochie okay with everyone?
One of the kids LOVES the speedo guy.
Oh, yes.
Poochie should be louder, crazier and should have access to a time machine...
Are you absolutely sure that's wise, sir?  I mean, I don't want to sound pretentious here, but Itchy and Scratchy comprise a dramaturgical dyad.
TWO BAD NEIGHBORS
SHOW ME YOUR TIE
Two Bad Neighbors
Season 7 Episode 13
That Ayatollah thinks he's better than America! Is he?
Hey big spender, dig this blender
Now, are there any questions? Keeping in mind that I already explained about my hair.
Check it out, Spinal Tap kicking Muammar Gaddafi in the butt
...Yes?
We surrender!
Ah Ah Ah Ah Table five, Table five.
This episode was Disco Stu's debut.
It is a candy dish Ned, NINETY DOLLARS!
"Uh-huh... well I uh.. I guess you could put a lot of nice things in there".NO, JUST CANDY NED. NINETY DOLLARS!
How can I have seen this so many times and not notice the second word?
I remember hearing that the only way they got away with it was by never showing the second word in its entirety.
Hey, I've seen this episode . a million times (not literally) and I barely noticed this!
But Marge! It works on any Ayatollah!.Ayatollah Nakhbadeh, Ayatollah Zahedi...even as we speak, Ayatollah Razmada and his cadre of fanatics are consolidating their power.
I don't care who's consolidating their power.
In fact, no nog PERIOD!


there's a 24th season?! the fuck..
"Marge, what here your gambling losses last year?"
Love it! Every time he put those glasses on I just love him more
Oh, everything's too damned expensive these days. This Bible cost 15 bucks! And talk about a preachy book! Everybody's a sinner! Except this guy.
"700 dollars!"
I love how he just pulls them out of nowhere
Give me those......
I always think of this as "professor" Homer..Still does stupid things, but looks thoughtful and composed while doing them.
He looks intelligent.
Have we deposited any 40,000 dollar checks that haven't cleared yet?

Give me those. And those. And those. 
better keep the egghead
He just might come in handy.
It's the style of reading glasses that get's me.
Which episode is that from? I can't place it..One of my favorites of Homer with glasses- 
It looks like the one when Bart got the elephant and he went back to collect from the Van Houtens..Homer: Uh, Milhouse saw the elephant twice and rode him once,
                 right?.Mrs. Van Houten: Yes, but we paid you $4..Homer: Well, that was under our old price structure.  Under our new price structure, your bill comes to a total of $700.  Now, you've already paid me $4, so that's just $696 more that you owe me..Mr. Van Houten: Get off our property.
No matter how many times I see that scene, I will laugh. Always.
The fact that he already had the pennant made up, for no plausible reason, is why I love ..
Looks like the one with Shari Bobbins ([3G03] Simpsoncalifragilisticexpiala-D'oh-cious) when he's interviewing her.
" The sum of the square roots of any two sides of an isosceles triangle is equal to the square root of the remaining side."
"Hmm, better keep the egghead. He might come in handy."
i love the fact that this is a really obsure reference to the wizard of oz when the scarecrow gets its brain. 
That's a RIGHT triangle ya idiot!
(Also those were Kissinger's glasses, not Homer's)
No one must know I dropped my glasses in the toilet. Not I, who drafted the Paris peace accords. 
I randomly say this when I've lost things, everyone thinks I'm crazy.
Ah, good call.
This line is just brilliant.
I like when he's ordering food at "IRS" burger
"Withhold the lettuce" hahahaha the best.

Hmmm.... I'll have three tax burgers... one IRS-wich and a dependent sized fires. 
marge!, what was your gambling losses last year.
Withhold the lettuce
Marge, what were you gambling losses last year!?

700 Dollars.

This is . what my dad looks like when he's doing his taxes/counting money. Spot on, Simpson!
I love how Hans Moleman was in the back
Oh God, how can 1 single frame be so hilarious? Hahahaha. I love the Simpsons.
My favorite is when he is attempting to learn marketing so he can give himself a raise at the bowlarama at his dining table. 
marketing to beginning marketing to the definition of marketing from the dictionary.
Is that with the 3 books he goes through and ends up reading the dictionary to look up the word marketing or somthing haha.
BOWLING GET YOUR BOWLING HERE
A record number of police and fire officials showed up, but few stayed to bowl.
MOOOOM, make him tell it the right way...
Mmmm... that's what really happened.
Every time my mom and I are in Branson, we'll drive by the Andy Williams theater and quote that line. .It's sort of like a tradition. :)

"With my patented seminar, you will learn to corner the real-estate market...through hypnosis."

I wish I were going! -I mean, I wish I was going. Is that right, Bart? 
Branson just isn't the same since he died. 
I will upvote this every time. 
THAT'T IT, BACK TO WINNIPEG  .As good as this episode is, I think that's the best line
I didn't think I was rehabilitated but I guess they needed the extra bed.
You. Are. Hearing. Me. Talk.

bless you, this is glorious
Bart, can we get some ice cream?
yes.
Remember, We're parked under the Sun Sphere...
Bart, can we pick up that hitchiker?
Bart, can we get some ice cream?
Bart can we weigh the car at that weigh station?
I don't think I was rehabilitated, but I guess they needed the bed.
Not "Huck Finn!" I spent hours crossing out the sass-back!
BART, NELSON HIT ME
That scene sparked a lifelong running joke of suggesting Branson whenever someone talks about taking a vacation somewhere...
I prefer Bronson Missouri. 
He sure did.
How come I didn't hear about this grammar rodeo? .Maybe because you are, as they say in Latin, a Dorkus Malorkus
Eh, Ma, how 'bout some cookies?
No dice.
This ain't over.
I wish I was dead - ..
Andy Williams!
Ah, we don't need to stop here.
Oh yes we do

My dad says it's like Vegasif itwere run by NedFlanders.
Mr. Burns was the closest thing I ever had to... a friend. But he fired me! And now I spend my days drinking cheap scotch and watching Comedy Central!
That's a Paddlin'
So instead of wounding an evil old man, I may have killed an innocent old man....that's much worse! 
Yeah, about 50,000 volts worse, if you know what I mean! 
you simmer down and ill letchu go!
One.of.my.top ten favorite lines from the Simpsons 
Dear God!
You like that? It's real spruce.
At the meeting, he mentioned he watched Comedy Central. I made sure to note that, as it seemed quite ..
Haha, one of the best sideshow Mel quotes ever. 
Who shot who in the what now?
Came in looking for this quote, was not disappointed.
but when . ask you to do yard work...
Worst Episode Ever
Season 12 Episode 11
School's out!  Up yours, Krabappel!
BART!
This shows up here about once a month... and still cracks me up every time!.I need to re-watch that episode.
What episode/ season is this from?
i liked the part when bart buys lisa the disc.  it was touching
Bart has always been very versatile in his butt impressions.
Blood-and-Guts Murphy.
Quite the soozaphone player.
S06E22 'Round Springfield.One of my ALL TIME favorite episodes, So many classic lines..Homer: Lisa, honey, if you really want to preserve his memory, I recommend getting a tattoo..
 It preserves the things you love. 
   Starland Vocal Band? They suck!
This is the classic Simpsons that I miss do much
I'm more impressed he can write and draw so legibly on his own butt.
especially when he was going to get booted
We'll just go to the pound and get a new jazz man
He'll be fine...
This is my all time favorite Simpsons quote.
Who needs the quickie mart.... I doooooo
Feels like I'm wearing... Nothing at all.
Stupid sexy flanders
Pranksta Rap
Season 16 Episode 9
Where are we going to put him?.Bart's room!.Bart's room!.Bart's room!.Dumpster!
try . instead.
But then I go and spoil it all by doing something stupid like explode you. 
Goo goo gajoob?
Mrs Krabappel sounding like a grown-up from Snoopy.

Everytime you go to that cook off you get drunk as a poet on pay-day!
This is as bad as that song about Mr.T....
I love it when Flanders says "Gabba Gabba Hey!"

Didn't noticed "Download something"
I wasn't "wavy gravy" at all!
It's Wavy Gravy!
and all this time I've been smoking harmless tobacco!
I work in the public sector.  Makes me laugh every time.
The monster!
OH CANADA!!!!!!
 BTW
I love this joke.
Sunshine on my shoulders make me happy!
What's Marge's line before he says that?  I can't remember
I would really like one of Marge's paintings of Ringo for my wall. I mean, she certainly has enough to spare
"Your son or daughter will think this wishbone necklace is rather cool."
The man who said this isn't a one-time character.  He's appeared in "When Flanders Failed (.Outta my way') and Mr. Plow (`You sicken me')."
"Just Stamp the Ticket" guy
You sir look like you have trouble pleasing your wife...

At least let us stay up till the midgets drown. 
wow god is totally in your face!
Even stink beetles?
Yeah, he's my favorite fictional character.
Especially stink beetles.
You've seen the movie, now meet a real-life Noah! Only this Noah has been accused of KILLING two of every animal!
Wow, sweetheart, look at all this seized booty! We could find the drug boat of our dreams!
He got lockjaw after trying to bite into a sandwich.
What happened to Johnny D? .He forgot to lock the gate.
Springfield cops are on the take, .but what do you expect for de money they make?.Bad cops, bad cops!
bad cops, bad cops,.whether in a car or on a horse.we dont mind using excessive force.bad cops, bad cops
A Fish Called Selma, Season 7. Or the Dr Zaius musical episode :)
episode and seasons? seems like that nice little joke from the earlier seasons that never seem air on tv anymore....
He still did not know how it works when he picked up Jay Sherman from the Springfield Airport.
Taxi!
I don't recall this scene, what episode is it from?
I think it's from The Principal and the Pauper S9E2
Meh... Makes sense to me!
Rub it against a piece of paper.
You went to Hollywood upstairs medical college too?!
"That's the spirit."
They didn't appreciate my comment here.
Oh man... and the kicker is that Voodoo Donuts is in Portland. .Also, it is so good.
There's one down in Eugene too, which is the southern(less terrifying) half of the actual Springfield!
Well, see you in the operating place.
Of the gravest charges there's "operating with a knife and fork from a seafood restaurant."
Dr. Nick: I cleaned them with my napkin!
Dr. NICK RIVIERA!
A couple random things that I love about this episode:
See you in the car! 
And his logic when explaining himself to Marge: "she's gotta learn!" Lol..
I have to watch it every summer in early July. It's like some sort of ritual. Even if it isn't really personal, it's still a great episode. 
Oh def. It mirrors a lot of my summers in many ways.
"Girls, Lisa. Boys kiss girls!".Poor Gore Vidal.
Yes Mr Scorpion. 
Don't call me Mr Scorpion. It's Mr Scorpio, but don't call me that either.

My League!!
"Last Exit to Springfield".9F15.Season 4 Episode 19
lisa needs braces..
hueheueeeueheeheuehe
...HELLO JOE
Hello, my name is Mr. Snrub and i come from some place far away. I say we invest the money back in the nuclear plant!
I like the way Snrub thinks!
You will be complimented by a attractive co worker.
Hate to be that guy, but....*Bloopid bloropope
Oooh! I hope it's Lenny.
hey Homer that's a nice rattle snake you got their.
Hey Homer if I may compliment you, that's one handsome rattlesnake you've got biting your arm there.
Rattle snakes.. natures quitters.
haha no thank you for that. I was watching the episode and snapped the screen, but i waited a few days to post and i forgot it. i should have double checked
One of my all time favorites! What episode is this from ? 
I love it when the guy next to Homer comforts him over this
I love that guy!
Is your blue my blue? It looks violet..
The Front - Season 4. Homer goes back to school to complete Remedial Science 1A.Somehow a doughnut is burned. 
Dondelinger burns it to show its high calorie content.
This isn't happening, this is not happening!
Hall of Famer Whitey Ford now on the field pleading with the crowd for... for some kind of sanity.
Anytime IRL fans start littering the field in protest, I immediately think "and heeeere comes the pretzels!"
This is a black day for baseball
You can call em Whitey Whackers. 
Now calm down, Nedalee diddly diddly. They gave it their best shot-iddly iddley! Gotta be nice hostility dilidy - AH, HELL DIDDLY DO DONG CRAP! CAN'T YOU MORONS DO ANYTHING RIGHT?! 
We ran out of floor boards so we painted the dirt. Pretty clever! 
You ugly hate filled man.  Hey I may be ugly and hate filled but I... um, what was the third thing you said?
was that toilet always next to the refrigerator?
And as for you, I don't know you but I'm sure you're a jerk!.Lenny: Hey, I've only been here a few minutes, what's going on?
Now this is the electricity room, but it has too much electricity! So i dont kno you may want to wear a hat...
You ever try lugging a toilet up a flight of stairs?
Not me folks, he's talking about himself! But thanks for noticing!

that's a load-bearing poster!
So I can open my own can of pudding can I?
SHOWS WHAT YOU KNOW, MARGE!
"Lyle Lanley: Take my pen knife, my good man."
I'd prefer a signed photo of Maggie
"...daddy!"
thats pretty cool, how come she sent you that?
IMO Lisa is one of the bigger (of many) things that have caused the Simpsons' decline in quality. They pretty much use her as a soapbox to make the show more popular with the liberal media.
The episodes focused on Lisa are always the worse.
Yup, she's a preachy, whiney bitch
Well, thats a tough one since I did the deed with Uda, Candy and Shasta
His expression is priceless.
I actually had some doubts about moving to Springfield, especially after that Time cover story, Americas Worst City
Im gonna have to go with Shasta. Because she likes making bacon on the beach...
I thought it was "Maken' bacon on the beach"
You can see our house in that photo!
Shasta : He looked so sexy I hoped we would have sex.
She liked making bacon on the beach...
Ugh, what was I on?
Fine and dandy like sour candy. 
 
STUPID SEXY FLENDERMAN
stranger-reno?
That is better....damn should have done that
The switching to the scenes of him running away was the best part. At 3:08 though, I lost my shit completely.

Sugar. Do-do-do-doot-do-doot-do. 
Oh, but this is the Rex Mars Atomic Discombobulator. Don't you just love the graphics on this box?
No... Your a grown man!
The troll dolls look disturbingly similar to Homer and the cowboy clock like Flanders. 
"Mmmmmm...that'll make your bull run..."
Oh dad, you are the living end. 
Zap! Zap!
Zzzzzap!
Absolute favorite all time Simpsons moment 
I love it when the CBG says his classic "Worst _ ever".
Otm.... Shank
[spoiler]Tom Hanks! It's Tom Hanks![/spoiler]
He is India's answer to Brian Dennehy. Otm Shank.
Jeremy's Iron?
Mm hmm, well, that's.......for a first try... You know what? I have a ball. Perhaps you'd like to bounce it?
Pretty sure he's one of the writers, I forget which. I'd have to go dig out the DVD and check the commentary.EDIT: Yup, ObedMorton nailed it
 
he was also in the episode Realty Bites. In the unemployment line.
Yo, George Meyer, Imma real happy for you, and Imma let you finish, but John Swartzwelder had the best cameos of all time!
This must have been before he pushed his mother down the stairs.
Oh, yes. Believe me, my god, if I could turn back the clock on my mother's stair-pushing, I would certainly... reconsider it.
that is one contrabulous fabtraption
I can't take another minute in this 
Was President Lincoln ok?
He was fine Ralph
Lisa's mirror is possessed!!!
Her eyes are looking in the exact same direction both on her and the mirror. It's watching them..
Aw man, this is one of the best Simpsons episodes ever!
Zune, Zune, Zune!

It also works as a map of countries that won't let them back in!
The Simpsons are going to Delaware!
*Pepsi presents New Zanzibar
I get no regard. No regard at all.
It's a party marge, it doesn't have to make sense
it was rough out there, rough i tells ya. the only car that stopped was a hurse that thought i fell out
No Esteem either!
I lived in the Orphanage til I was 18, then I got my job at the Souvenir stand...oh and once I sawr a blimp!
The music for the part is absolutely perfect.
Fu---!!!!
which one of the sisters turns out to be a lesbian?
Patty, the one in the pink dress.
Marge! Marge! The dolls trying to kill me and the toasters been laughing at me!!
foreshadow?
I bent my wookie!
"Lisa's bad dancing makes my feet sad."
tap a tap a tap a
Pull-a pull-a pull-a
C'mon! Shake shake shake!
What are you gonna do release the dogs? Or the bees? Or the dogs with bees in their mouths so when they bark they shoot bees at you?
well go ahead, do your worst!
My worst, eh?
I love that they remembered the cucaracha horn. I just hope they also remembered the super sized drink holders.
Wrong image with quote
The best store name since "Nuts Landing"
Some episodes have it as Hairy Shearers.
Named after Harry Shearer.
I thought that was only when Apu went there.
Professor, with out knowing exactly what the problem is...
Yes, yes I would Kent.
Nobody likes Milhouse!

Less chat, more hat. 
Har ye, har ye. I declare myself pinkled tink about Springfield's Bicen-cidilly-ti-ten-toodly-rin-tin-tennial Day!
A pirate!? That's hardly the image we want for Long John Silvers!
One, where's the fife? And two, gimme the fife.
Well, put . in your fife and smoke it.
Yes, he's embiggened that role with his cromulent performance.
You suck-diddly-uck, Flanders!
Chooseth Homer Simpson, and he shalt rock thy world!
Hear-ye, hear-ye, everybody makes mistakes.
And look at the . on "DOPE"!
"Keep watching the skis! Uh, skies!" 
And may I say "May the Force be with you."
I bring you love!
It's bringing love! Don't let it get away!
Hey Spock! What do you want on your hotdog?
Do you even know who I am?
Suprise me
I think I do. Weren't you one of the Little Rascals? 
Perhaps "Hurricane Neddy"?.4F07.Season 8.Episode 8.Basically his house blows down and he is committed to the mental ward where homer is asked to come and agitate him.
I never realized how many episode of The Simpson's this describes lol
It's either: 
"Black Eyed, Please" (S24E15) .
or 
"Hurricane Neddy" (S8E8) 
Homer loves Flanders maybe? Homer's 'charity work' and nose breathing during church lead to a Flanders freak out.
this is what i was thinking
Season 9 Episode 6: Bart Star.It could be this one. Homer taunts Flanders from the stands during the kids football game until Flanders has enough and gives the job to Homer. 
FFFFLLLLAAAANNNDDDDEEERRRSSS!!!
Does he turn into the devil?
Yvan eht nioj!
superliminal advertising
HEY YOU! JOIN THE NAVY!
Yeah, alright.
Join the navy!
There used to be a music channel called The Box.  I'd watch it for hours as a kid, waiting for Do the Bartman to come on.  I had completely forgotten about this song. Thanks for the refresher.  
Its on an album called "Simpsons sing the blues" I think. I had it when I was a little kid.
He also wrote Lisa Its Your Birthday, though an impersonator sung on the actual episode for copyright reasons..Here is his original demo:

Shut up, Flanders.
Buenos ding dong diddly dias senor !
I'm checkin in!
Mom, when I grow up, I want to go to the Betty Ford Center.
No more pills or alcohol, no more goddamn fun at all!
He's checkin in!
Go away narc! Were just trying to have a good time.
Where's a narc? Who!? That fat Jamaican guy!
Dyin' would be a stone groOove.
"Hey, it's that cannonball guy. .." "Are you being sarcastic, dude?" "...I don't even know anymore."
Hate crime !
''Homer Simpson, smilling politely''
Well why not? This party's just gettin' started! 
Stop the celebration! That small boy is drunk!
What are you looking at... 
Not sure if you guys are into the NBA at all, but the Miami Heat have a player named Mario Chalmers and I always think of SuperNintendo Chalmers when I hear his name..Ok, cool story over!
luv it
This was one hell of a deal on Barnes and Noble online via slick deals, picked up the book for 16.73 shipped, money well spent!
Damn I think I got it by the same deal in store. I picked it up for about the same price on a huge discount. Awesome purchase. 
Yes great deal! I think I managed to get it for around $25 and I was waiting for someone in B&N to tell me they labeled it wrong and forgot a "1" in front or something.
Wait, mister. You're drinking a candle. 
crazy like a fox
Yeah, it's a lazy dog-dangling afternoon...
This is because I kicked you, isn't it.
It's not my job to talk people out if killing themselves....
Hi Homer! Find your soulmate!
Wait a minute, dogs can't talk!
Bark bark!
Damn straight!
Sock puppets.
Hot thtuff, coming through!
Zzzzzap.  
They ruined all our best names like Bruce, and Lance, and Julian. Those were the toughest names we had!
Stand still! There's a spark in your hair!!
Oh Homer, you are the living end!
Get it out! Get it out!!
We work hard. We play hard

Doesn't Schwarzenegger say this as Mr. Freeze in Batman & Robin?
MENDOSAAAAAAAAAAA!
I'm thinking about having another meetng, in bed!
Ten times more addictive than marijuana! 
For several years, I heard him saying "nice to see you" and I didn't even know there was a one-liner pun. It was like, 10-15 years after the fact that I realized how funny that scene was..To be fair, I first watched this when I was about 10.
Cool off!
Ever notice that Senator Mendoza pronounces it as "Mac-Bain" instead of "McBain?" ."Ice to see you!"."MAC-BAIN!"
Yes. Yes he does. It's a beautiful moment. 
I don't know if Mr. Freeze says that exact quote, but there are numerous lines that are very similar, like "Let's kick some ice" or something like that..It's even funnier because Rainier Wolfcastle is a parody of Arnold. This quote is from Last Exit to Springfield which first aired in 1993. Batman and Robin came out in 1997. So The Simpsons made fun of an Arnold movie 4 years before it even came out!
The dates are what I was trying to find exactly, classic case of "Simpsons did it"
It could be a reference to McBain being a parody of Schwarnenegger also, especially if this episode came out after Batman & Robin. .Edit: nevermind. That episode is from season 4 in 1993, movie from 1997. Simpsons did it first as always. 
This looks like something that came from ..
Hey, I'm a karma whore as much as the next guy but this is the 3rd time in the last month this exact phrase/scene was submitted. 
The last one was only . This time the title is in quotation marks so I guess that means it's better.
LOL.  I was expecting something like "welcome to reddit" as a response.  500 episodes in and people can't go a few days without rehashing the same bits, funny as they may be.
YOU SUCK MCBAIN
I stand in front of a brick wall for 2 and a half hours, it cost 80 million dollars 
how do you sleep at night?
On top of a pile of money with many beautiful ladies.
That was the joke.
And now for my Woody Allen impression: I'm a neurotic nerd, who likes to sleep with little girls.
It's McBain! 
definitely one of my favorite Mcbain quotes. next to, "up and atom" and "Go Unicef pennies, save the puny children" 
Anything with the Commie Nazis is good.
"Ach, I surrender"."Not so fast"
What about "my eyes! The goggles do nothing!"  Always kills me.
thats was good. too many McBain quotes!
I believe it's "Up and at THEM!"
Hehh...Better! 

Mein bratwurst has a first name, it's F-R-I-T-Z
Right now I'm zinking about holding anozer meeting. In BED!
Mmmm
Mein bratwurst has a second name, it's S-C-H-N-A-C-K-E-N-P-F-E-F-F-E-R-H-A-U-S-E-N.
The two guys getting shot while trying to eat the pie is hilarious. 
even the harmless cello guys get shot 
Ah, McBain, so glad you could make it.  Have a salmon puff.
Alright...
Gahhahaa! 
Laughing time is over.
Next you'll be telling me that Scotchtoberfest doesn't exist.
Now the kilt was only for day-to-day wear. In battle, we donned a full-length ballgown, covered in sequins. The idea was to blind your opponent with luxury.
MY RETIREMENT GREASE!
Eek!-I mean, aargh!
This is excellent! It even has spider pig tracks on the ceiling.
I can't see if there are frozen hotdogs thawing in the sink or not.
looks like a lot of people hare this painting apparently 
THATS AWESOME!
I want this hanging in my kitchen.
Homer....don't you eat this pie....
"Sometimes when mommy has half a glass of wine..."
why is her hair black?
I love the subtle El Barto! 
Something about this makes it look like she is waiting for Don Draper. 
you can't make marge white. and kinda hot.
This reminds me of these three works of art, which I also love:. 
.
.  
sweet perry!
Absolutely love this!
I didn't even give you my coat!
This is great.  I love Simpsons related art.
This is so fresh, and original. PLEASE DO MORE SIMPSONS SCENES!
"You don't win friends with salad." ......I dunno, I saw it on a bumper-sticker.
I'd like to see 4 more. This is so well done, can't just leave it at Marge only.
I have to say this is amazing. I don't know who drew it but I want to see more like this!
The hiding of her face will give me nightmares.
First thing I looked for was the corn on the drapes. Excellent work, Mr. Artist
I've got the exact same curtains only in my bathroom. Didn't you just die when you found these?
Pacifier on the counter. Where's Maggie?.What's that on the ceiling?
Looks like the telltale hoofprints of a SpiderPig.
it's not, you might need to adjust your monitor
Still using a CRT
I need to know where to buy a print of this! This is amazingly wall worthy.

That damn el Barto tagging inside of people's homes now.
Something about this picture seems a bit sad for some reason but I can't point out why.
It might be the same sad sort of eerie feeling . evokes in me, that you're talking about.
Dark Room, Single person staring out of a window, said single person is well dressed (we know that's Marge's go-to outfit, but in this picture, it looks much more fancy), posture indicates she's waiting for something. If you combine all of that, maybe your mind makes the jump that what she's waiting for will never come, or it certainly won't come when she wants it to, oh and the glass of wine. .Seems like all of that would make it seem fairly sad. I could just be an idiot though.
Not to mention the half full glass of wine on the table which could indicate a planned date that Homer is late to.
Looks pretty early for Homer to be coming home.
Eh, let's say the plant closes at 5, or even 6...on a summer day (or even when it gets cooler) it's not unreasonable for the sun to still be out like that.
wooosh
I think that the glass of wine indicates the scorpio episode, where all the automation has finished her housework by the end of the morning, and she drinks a glass with that music that indicates the telling start of a slow decline. You know. Tum-tum TUUUUM.
I feel like Marge has wound down with a glass of wine on episodes other than the Scorpio episode.  It is not common, but I am sure it has happened several times.
I wonder if she wants some sugar with that wine. Sorry it's not in packages.
But that's clearly their Springfield house.
Spider-Pig tracks.

Art by 
Margencholy
I like how the artist positioned her fingers in such a way as to represent both three and four digits.
I didn't notice that until I read your post. Thanks for pointing that out!
Moe's.

Doesn't he come home, get hit by marge's car, does the couch gag and then go to Moe ? 
Moe. Go to Moe.
Moe. Moe. Moe. Moe. Moe. Moe. Moe. Moe. Moe. Moe. Moe. Moe.
Moe Moe Moe, how do you like me, how do you like me. Moe Moe Moe, why don't you like me, nobody likes me.
Ive been so bored since we moved here I found myself drinking a glass of wine every day.  I know doctors say you should drink a glass and a half, but I just cant drink that much!
Which is why this pic is wrong and should be from that house.


Dun dun dun dun!
Haha, yes. That was playing in my head while I watched that .GIF
Watch Fox and be damned for all eternity!
Hello Bill Clinton, I figured if anyone knew where to get some tang it'd be you.  SHUT UP!

Wooooooooooo! 
Interslice
Cut-co
Oh, they have the internet on computers now.
Internet, eh? Scratch, eh? Maude, eh?
If im wrong about that then i might be wrong about Ms. Simpson
Um...you probably should ignore that.
Hey! This looks like you poindexter!
...one of those disposable enemas...better make it two.
I don't know what you've got planned for tonight Homer, but count me out.
If you survive, please come again!
...!!!! THE BEER!
No, no, Lisa they're just sleeping, upside down...... and inside out.
yup, that's what the caption says!
Everything here is something...
Now remember, criminals prey on small town folk like us. So if anybody asks, we're sophisticated millionaires from the Ozarks.
If not back, avenge deaths!
Must have been that . i ate
KABOOM oh excuse me.
Good list, but are there really people who think Al Capone is a fictional character?
I think the Al Capone's vault reference was intentionally dated.
Oh definitely.  You're right, that's the joke. Buy my point was you still need to understand the reference in order to get it.   While most people watching when this originally aired remember that event,  to anyone who doesnt it just sounds like a nonsequitor. 
I dont know, its possible. Maybe a teenager who watches Boardwalk Empire but isnt too keen on  early 20th century American history. Admittedly,  I'm also exaggerating a bit for the sake of the article.
Something something something... Burt ward! Hey this stuff writes itself!!
Next time your getting a blow job, make it a pop rocks blow job. 
Huh. What an idea! 
It isn't really that great. Cough drops work better
Ive done cough drops, its too much of a numbing feeling to me. 
Would anyone happen to have a high-res image of Homer in the air with the explosion behind him? I'd love to have it as a desktop wallpaper. :)

Thanks!!!
I'll make one when I get home.
This was when I realized that even the direction in the Simpsons is top notch.
Absolute favorite Simpsons gif!!!
It's also worth looking at with music: 
For a while in college, my outgoing answering machine message was "yeeeeelllloooooooooooooow?".For those of you under 20, an answering machine was a device attached to the phone to receive messages when you weren't able to answer.
haha!.what episode is this?
One of the best ones too I think.
from season six, epsisode ''Homer Badman''
Oh no, the candy conventioners tracked us down! 
Come to think of it... that might be the longest word I've ever heard Homer use correctly in a sentence.
)*: KAWAII WAVE!!: KEEP THE KAWAII GOING   LETS GO KAWAII !  
Get outta here, Fishbulb.
Homer Bad Man. .I dont recall the Season, but maybe 4? Im checking now. .*Edit: From Wikipedia: "Homer Badman", also known as "Homer: Bad Man" is the ninth episode of The Simpsons' sixth season and originally aired November 27, 1994..**Edit: Thanks for the downvotes! Sorry to try to be helpful. 
wat
Mr Sparkle banishes dirt to the land of wind and ghosts.
Your dishes are very lucky!
Candy-. 
I'm subscribed to quite a few TV-show subreddits, most of the comments in them seem to be people correcting quotes from the show..Homer Simpson doesn't say "B'oh" he says....D'oh.
Well, you apparent prole, NOTHING IN THE WORLD is more important than making sure someone got a small portion of dialogue from a TV show correct!
Bake 'em away toys
All right, cow-boy, I'll see you in moo-nicipal court!
That's a good one, Chief. 
What, what'd I say?
...Do what the kid says.  
After watching this a couple of times, I've noticed the implication is that Homer kills hundreds of innocent candy convention-goers. He's a monster. My life is a lie.
Moleman deserved it!
You would too for that sweeet sweeeet swee swee sweet can can can...
So, iamayam, you admit you grabbed her can.  What do you have to say in your defense?
IAMAYAM! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!

My tummy! Gut, stomach, crap factory.
So the children learned how to function as a society, and eventually they were rescued by, oh, let's say.. Moe.
I can't go on, you two go ahead... and carry me with you!
Bart: Ok, now throw the vine back
Milhouse: There's no time!
I really wish there was a bot that went around naming episodes in this sub lol every link here makes me want to rewatch the series all over again, not that thats a bad thing
one at first but he'll train more
I find myself saying this line in my head or aloud at least once a day.
Martin, draw up plans for a coconut radio and, if possible, a coconut nintendo.
I was thinking of this episode earlier.  I love the Simpson's sub reddit <3
Prosecution Rests!
Season 9:  Das Bus.  Not sure the specific episode number though.
One of my Simpsons tattoos is from this episode.  The Simpsons makes me so happy :-)
What does the tattoo say? 
It's just Ralph with the Peter Criss makeup.  
Picture of a screen.
Ohhh, let's say Moe....
I thought it was "damn, hell as kings"
[deleted]
Buzzkill for sharing my belief? Wow, you must be great at parties.
all the scripts/quotes I see say ass.I always interpreted it as damn-hell-ass-kings! 
Good, let's get to work! Me and Nelson will build the treehouse. Martin, draw
a plan for a coconut radio, and if possible, a coconut Nintendo system.
Order, order! Do you kids want to be like the real U.N., or do you just want to squabble and waste time?

Go banana.
Um hum lets see... The exports of Libya are numerous in amount. The one thing they export is corn or as the Indians call it.. Maze. Another famous Indian was Crazy Horse. In conclusion Libya is a land full of contrasts. Thank you.
Wendell - "Ouch!  Please stop him!".Skinner - "I can't, he has diplomatic immunity."
O, Canada!  
Not now Ralph.
And every night the monkey butlers will regale us with jungle stories.
How many monkey butlers will there be?
I'm so hungry I could eat at Arby's :(
Wow. As a non-American who'd never heard of Arby's, I'd always heard that line as 'I'm so hungry I could eat an army!' My mind is blown.
Wow, that is hungry!
I think of that every time I see an Arby's, and I assume most fans of the show are the same way. I wonder how much business Arby's has lost just because of that one line.
I also do this.
I finally ate at Arby's just a few weeks ago. I feel it was more to enjoy the joke then to eat. .I bet if someone has the data a graph of the drop in revenue for Arby's after the episode would be interesting. 
i didn't eat there for years because of the Simpsons. Now I have and I actually like it a lot more than many fast food places
-A possum drowned in the pool. Do ya have any garbage bags?
-Let Arby's deal with it  
Zeppelin Ruuuuuuulesssss!
At least I'll leave a beautiful corpse
One at first, but he'll train others!
Stupid sexy Flanders.

In Rod We Trust
Inanimate huh? I'll show him inanimate!
And my username was born
Rod Bless America
I have a tattoo of the inanimate carbon rod.  In rod I certainly trust.
This monstrosity costs eighty two thousand dollars?!?!?
The Simpsons did it! Oh wait... :P
Oh grow up Lis'
Well, uh, I heard they sent a rocket to the sun once... at night! And there was that submarine, with the screen doors.
Ugh, uff, eww.. I'll take a MiXta
Can't get enuff of that won-der-ful Duff!
HA! his face. 
Guess how many boobs I saw?  15!.(Not the same episode, I know, but this is what first came to mind)
Halfback passes to center, back to wing, back to center, center holds it! Holds it! Holds It!
Careful there Annie Oakley
My cousin and I spent most of our childhood yelling the gibberish that the Scottish hooligan yells at Homer.  To the best of my understanding it was "habash-cobnash-yamaka!!" 
Pele is king of the soccer field. To be king of your kitchen, use Crestfield wax paper.
, he says "Jobbers cobknots, ya mucker!"
Just watched this episode last night!
Aw, I never heard of any of those guys!
And they'll all be signing autographs!
woohoo!
"This match will determine once and for all which is the greatest nation on earth! Mexico or Portugal!"
I'll shoot myself if Portugal doesn't win! 
Don't let the haircut fool you,I'm exceedingly wealthy.
get a load of the bowl job
I'm interested in upgrading my 28.8 kilobaud internet connection to a 1.5 megabit fiber optic T1 line. Will you be able to provide an IP router that's compatible with my token ring ethernet LAN configuration?
Can I have some money now?
We're rich! Richer Than Astronauts! 
Oh they have the Internet on computers now! 
Interslice
Oh, I didn't get rich by writing a lot of checks!
Hello chief let's talk why not
It really is..It really, really is,
When are we going to get to my broccoli juice program?
Scanning for sarcasm....it's clean!
That kid that got arrested for sarcastically threatening to shoot people sure could have used this. 
Do I detect a hint of sarcasm?
aren't you one of the little rascals?
iron helps us play!
Hello, Joe!
Is there a chance the track could bend?
not on your life, my hindu friend!
Batman's a scientist. 
IT'S NOT BATMAN!
i swear that some of the pixels aren't covering everything, but you have to catch it at the right moment
I've always found it really funny that Flanders is really ripped and apparently has a giant dong.
Flanders is PACKING. No wonder he keeps Krabappel happy. 
goddammit it's past his knees!
Otm Shank
He is India's answer to Brian Dennehy.
That smile at the end is the best part.
Im trying to go but something is draining the battery
Shake harder, boy!
A car impound lot. The impenetrable fortress of suburbia
Run boy! They have the taste for meat now!!
Going to watch that episode now. 
now cmon! the audience is getting restless
You're reading the wine list, sir.

Very good. 
What the hell is a walking clock anyway?
You didn't see nothin....
are you stalking me? I literally watched this episode last night 
Please, Mr. Simpson!  Disparaging the boot is a bootable offense!
We . it!  We've worked out a compromise that will allow both nations to save face....We've argued them down to... a booting.
Pobody's nerfect 
When will you Australians learn? In America, we stopped using corporal punishment, and things have never been better. The streets are safe. Old people strut confidently in the darkest alleys. And the weak and nerdy are admired for their computer-programming abilities. So, like us, let your children run wild and free! 'Cos as the old saying goes, "let your children run wild and free"

I'm surprised Bart was able to write so legibly on his own butt.
When will you Australians learn? In America, we stopped using corporal punishment, and things have never been better. The streets are safe. Old people strut confidently in the darkest alleys. And the weak and nerdy are admired for their computer-programming abilities. So, like us, let your children run wild and free! 'Cos as the old saying goes, 'let your children run wild and free'  ( ^_^) .Let me fix that for you (automated comment unflipper) 
Get out, get out! Shoo, shoo. Get out of here, yuck! These bloody things are everywhere. They're in the lift, in the lorry, in the bond wizard, and all over the malonga gilderchuck.
I'da called 'em chazwazzers!
I'm surprised you were able to write so legibly in your own butt.
You and probably thousands of other people in the world. 
$900 dollarydoos!
I'll just have a cup of coffee.
Beer it is. 
C...O...
B...eer?
B...E...
Hey! Mr Prime Minister! Andy!
Aye mate! What's the good word!
That's not a knife, that's a spoon!
Alright, alright. You win.
I see youve played knifey-spooney before.
That's an odd name. I'd have called them chazzwazzers.
I see you've played knifey-spooney before!
randomly, this dialogue will come to my mind. i can't help but laugh out loud every time. 
One of my favourite lines from the entire show.  I use it all the time with my friends.

THE BEER!
His reaction is just priceless
Oh yeah?  What are you going to do?  Start your own casino in your treehouse and get all your little friends to come?  I'd like to see that. Ah ha ha ha...
On the Itchy and scratchy CD-ROM, is there a way out of the dungeon without using the wizard's key?
Any advice to aspiring voice actors?
Oh, just experience I guess. I did the voice of road runner. Meep!
Your ama cannot escape the gravitational force of this circlerk black hole. 
What the hell are you talking about?
In episode 2F09, when Itchy plays Scratchy's skeleton like a xylophone he strikes the same rib twice in succession yet he produces two clearly different tones. .I mean, what are we- to believe that this is some sort of a- magic xylophone or something?
Let me ask you a question. Why would a man whose shirt says "Genius at Work" spend all of his time watching a children's cartoon show?
eh.....question withdrawn
Thanks Homer, you're a life saver. I can't deal with these hardcore fans.
Yeah, he was a great dog
This is my absolute favorite Milhouse line.
Everything's coming up Milhouse!
hey! He even looks like you ahahaha
Where's the Fudgicles Bart?
First off, it's Fudge-....
BUT THE CARBS!!! oh the 
The Episode in question is:.Bart's Dog Gets an F.7F14.Season 2 Episode 16.Here's my attempt .*Ninja Edit Formatting
I seriously can't thank you enough. It also starts and stops at the ., this is exactly what I needed. Thank you. 
Thank you SO MUCH
WOW thank you for the gold! I've never been given gold before, thank you!
My mom's French so we only celebrate Bastille Day.
I know where we can get some baguettes!
Put food in me... I'll take that.
I always make this joke around the 4th of July and the last two years people thought I was trying to joke about terrorism.  Stupid terrorists ruining my Simpsons references.
Hi! Ummm, let me have some of those porno magazines, large box
of condoms, a couple of those panty shields, . and one of those disposable enemas.
Eh, make it two.
Ew, Homer. Whatever you're planning for tonight, count me out. Didn't you buy any meat?
Hehe, this baby's sure to kill something!.
Bart, gimme your matches.
Hmm... abortions for some, miniature American flags for others!
WE should move forward not backward.  Upward not forward.  And always twirling, twirling, twirling towards freedom
His finest IMO was that slam dunk he made. 
Homer, youre as dumb as a mule and twice as ugly. If a stranger offers you a ride, I say take it!
What about, "sending some outgoing mail?"
Pick me, I'm an urban Lenny
just about his only moment eh
You didn't see the episode when he went back home?
yeah yeah and it turns out hes finnish or norweigian or some similarly staunchly white race heh heh classic
Yeah. Adoption makes things weird.
Carl Carlson is a 
okay but is that racist? im a honkey so im told i have no basis to make that judgement
"I can't feed my family with a codpiece!" 
Plastic surgery, huh? Eh, maybe they could dynamite Mount Crapmore here and carve me a new kisser.
"You know it!"
I'll probably send some tomorrow.
I hear that!
You're not ugly Moe. Ever been to White Castle?
I've been called ugly, pug-ugly, fugly, pug-fugly, but never ugly-ugly.
Do you find something funny about the word tromboner?
Apparently I also haven't figured out the art of turning text into a hyperlink.  Damnit.  WHY MUST EVERYTHING BE SO HARD?  WHY MUST I FAIL AT EVERY ATTEMPT AT MASONRY!!!!
Here, have an upvote. <3
Not now, I'm too drunk.
Fine.  I'll bomb your house into the ground, missy.
This seems appropriate

Seriously, if you know where I can buy a pair of "open eye" glasses, please post the link.

Give me those!.....And those.
Those have holes in the eye, though. Can't really sleep (close my eyes) while wearing those glasses..I've found a lot of those similar to the one you linked. I hope this isn't the only type of "open eye" glasses we can now purchase.
What about taping a pair of eyes cut from a magazine ad to an existing pair of glasses?
Hah, as I was submitting this post, I was thinking of possibly having to resort to this. :).Although, my idea was to draw eyes and tape them on glasses, but your idea is much better.
I've done this! While it's very funny, they still look like drawn eyes. You wont get away with sleeping in court.
Pretty much the hobbit.
My theory is: Skinner likes dog food!
Oh Margie...
You came and you found me a turkey~
On my vacation away from workie
Mmmmmm Marge
Marge in the lingerie gave me a boner when I was 10
credit to 
Do you get a discount at Luigi's if you "see how you scum?"
No, but they will make a pizza pie with the topping of your choice.
Yes Mr.President! I'll be in Washington right away!
3 prawns is hardly a galaxy!
This tv isn't broken its just unplugged... What the...
the hood is way too long-see the original cartoon--this is a real letdown. 
I need a horn here, here, and here. You can never find a horn when you're mad.
Rack and peanut steering.
This guy is a redditor:
The Homer!
When I was a kid I thought Homer's car was kind of awesome-looking. Good to know Young robostapler was right.
A video pan of the car for those interested: 
The BORT license plate is a really nice touch.
Haha I didn't notice it that! They must've gotten the last one...
Dudes new and already has 10 times my karma from a single post
Oh lord is that true, this place didn't used to be this way.
Reddit has made me a cold, hard bitch.
I'm new as well, and this is kind of how I feel as well! Though I've yet to encounter the Reddit equivalent of cartoon Fox Mulder saying a fat man runs hypnotically...

Just stay away from 
this is such a great episode! 
this episode used to scare my brother
I know what you mean. I first came to Reddit because my job was all like, "You need to understand Reddit!" The weirdest part to me is all the rules involved in subreddits, and how whoever is in charge will find some sort of weird fascination with upholding those rules, like the world will fall apart if someone cracks wise in .. Reddit is a valuable measuring stick for certain target demographics, but if you ever find that you're expressing emotions about something that happened on Reddit that has nothing to do with the link, you need to take some time off..EDIT: Subject/Verb Agreement.
The simpsons is the greatest show of all time
Tell me about it. I thought I was being good when I corrected grammar. Never felt more hated in my life.
 for anyone who wants to watch it.
Commenting to come back to it
With RES you can save comments as to not have to comment to find something later... FYI
I see you took my advice. Hello, friend.
Greetings, friends. Do you wish to look as happy as me? Well, you've
got the power inside you right now. So, use it, and send one dollar to
Happy Dude, 742 Evergreen Terrace, Springfield. Don't delay, eternal
happiness is just a dollar away.
Hooray! People I know!
My favorite episode of The Simpsons. Something about dilated pupils in cartoons just makes me lose it every time.
Haha, remember the one with the Japanese cartoon that gave everyone seizures? Giant dilated pupil hilarity 
And look at the fine stitching on dope
Welcome man, I'm fairly new myself and I can't drag myself away!
You'll be ok, just find smaller subreddits that you like (such as .!) and accept that you will get downvotes sometimes but it's ok. Also: if someone is arguing with you and they think they understand "informal logic" and are telling you why you're wrong without actually arguing anything: just don't reply. After that you should be able to have rational discussions with interesting people. Welcome to Reddit!
Thank you! That sounds like solid advice.
Reminds me so much of this music video by Hot Chip. I recommend watching it if you haven't.. a link to the scene in the video
I say that to everyone who brings love.
Reminds me of a Douglas Adams quote, "roughly 2000 years after a man was nailed to a tree for suggesting that we be nice to each other..."
lol. Accurate.
It's even worse if you're a person of color, gay, lesbian, trans, or a feminist who voices their opinion. Reddit is "cool with it" as long as you don't make the white male majority think about their place in the world.
We all just got tired of listening to the shit ages ago. Yay, you're different, get over it.
You know Lisa is one of the only voices of reasons on the show and she's always told to shut up and get over it. That's the joke, how folks don't want to listen to the person who actually cares about women, minorities, the environment, etc. .maybe I should get over how a trans woman is murdered every 36 hours, or how women don't make as much as men for the same work...you get over it jerkass!
Is that the love between a man and a woman or the love of a man for a fine Cuban cigar?
If that's how you view the relative circle-jerky love-in that is Reddit, just never go to 4chan. .In fact, no matter how you view anything, it's probably best to never go to 4chan. 
And you should avoid THIS common anti-4chan circlejerk..There's some pretty cool boards excluding /b/ and most people aren't as douchey as people from reddit makes it seem.
I'm not saying 4chan is all bad (although you really do have to get the hang of the ebb and flow at first)... it's more like an old barfly telling a young kid asking what to order from the bartender not to bother getting started..Sure I've made some online buddies, had some (as they are now known) lels, even felt some hardcore feels... but I'm not going to sugarcoat the fact all of this is awash in a sea of antisocial antagonism. Even in the relative "friendly" boards such as /co/ and /ck/, you need to develop a thick skin and shit filter to enjoy the good content. 
Yep just gotta understand that it's the internet with no social filter and you'll be okay.
As a kid that was the one episode of the Simpsons that petrified me. Mr Burns as an alien scared the shit out of 8 year old me. 
oh my god I'm not alone. that was the only episode of the Simpsons I'd never watch and I probably still wouldn't.it was so terrifying, I still dunno why
Never forget :'(
X-files music reminded you of the scarier show.
nah..I lived in Australia and didn't have pay TV..never seen or heard of the x files
What? Why? When the X-Files was on in the 90s, it was aired on channel 10.
as a kid I had never seen or heard of the x files.my parents were Christian and I was only allowed to watch the Simpsons because the Flanders were Christian....also I was born in 95
:o.Good explanation. I finished high school in 95 and watched the X-Files when it was on the first time and forget that there were people who didn't. Still, you should watch it now (just torrent it, fuck Murdoch and Foxtel) because it's awesome.
That is hilarious, considering how much religion was mocked throughout the show (although not to the extent of South Park and the like)
yeahhh.i also wasn't allowed to watch harry potter, lord of the rings, play any video games with "magic" and so on and so forth.my parents were/are odd people
Sorry to butt in, but did either of you ever watch . when it was on in Australia? The American version from the 80s is on in reruns here on cable, and I've heard that the show pretty popular down under.

TGIF! 
TJIF!
Well your story is very compelling Mr. Jackass- I mean Simpson. I'll just type it up on my invisible typewriter.

I saw this in a movie about a bus that had to . around the city, keeping its . over fifty, and if its . dropped, the bus would explode! 
--Is the alien carbon-based or silicon-based?.Um, the second one-- zillafoam.--Is the alien Santa Claus?.Uhhhh...yes!
Were you on my roof last night stealing my weather vain?
This interview is over!
(Crash)
I think it was called: "The Bus that Couldn't Slow Down".
I call it: Billy and the clone-a-saurus.
Oh, you have . to be kidding, sir.  First, you think of an idea that has already been done.  And then you give it a title that nobody could possibly like.  Didn't you think...
...one of the most popular movies of ALL TIME, SIR! . 
steer clear of ., . and . for best viewing experience
This guy knows what he's talking about.
 and ., too!
i never heard of the second one and oh my god it was like walking into a bad fart
It's a default sub
 as well. If you aren't wealthy enough to maintain a ridiculous gym membership, you're not working out right. Apparently. 
FTFY. isn't as bad as people say it is, it's mostly theists and those who don't actually know what atheism means that can't handle it so places like r/trueatheism come up and bend over backwards to appease the delicate sensibilities of the outsiders..That's not to say it doesn't have its shitty moments, but the point is, it's not any worse than any other area where real discussions take place, it's just an easy target..In a similar way, . gets a bad rap from a lot of libertarians basically bitching that it's not libertarian enough.

?
I steer clear of . as an atheist, because I really don't understand why people would want to discuss their . beliefs..I think it might be an American thing.
Not really. The most famous active atheist right now is a brit, Richard Dawkins..Americans might jump on board a bit more because they have to deal with delusional people and their behaviors which affect those with a lack of belief more than brits..It's basically supposed to be a place to avoid and talk about a specific kind of crazy, I guess. There's also other reasons too (like needing help with those challenging your lack of beliefs and the emotional baggage of being an apostate).
Yeah but I think Dawkins gets a much bigger audience in America than he does here... he pretty much just gets called on for quotes on news stories occasionally here. ...The reason I think it's more of an American thing is because atheism perhaps isn't the norm there. I've never had anyone challenge my lack of beliefs, mainly because almost everyone I know is also an atheist. The religious people I know completely accept it, just as I accept their beliefs.
Yeah, pretty much.
<Insert /r/spacedicks comment here>
 really talks for itself hahah
HAHAHA DAE? Can we please cool the anti-defaults circlejerk? . has gotten way better since the new rules were put in place and . has its moments. I will admit that . is a shithole, though. Check out . and . instead.
You're such a fag dude. Get the fuck off this sub fag! Fuck atheism fedora wearing queers!
And more recently .. I got fed up with the sob stories accompanied by a picture of a hat or something. 
 
yeah i unsubbed from that yesterday for that exact reason! "i got dyslexia here a pic o mi last bike i gna die gme karma!"
"I've got dyslexia. Here is a picture of my last bike. I'm going to die. Give me karma!"

oh man i lost it after reading / seeing this hahahaha
Please post this. 
Lenny: "It's bringing love!  .".Carl: "Break its legs!".... .Smithers: "It's not a monster!  It's Mr. Burns!".Willy: ".  KILL IT! KILL IT!" 

Scariest episode ever for me.
DIE.
DIET.
Man, this is one of my favourite episodes. Used to watch it on video tape loads.
Same here!!
A positive, innocent comment like this would normally be downvoted to -100 hell, just for being "irrelevant" or some such. Reminds me of my first days of Reddit.
"Agents Mulder and Scully... .".Edit: Just thinking about this makes me laugh like a dumbass. 
Considering . and his rehab stent for sex addiction, this seems quite prescient, no?
Investigations.
"Nuke the whales"? You don't really believe that, do you?
touch
hiDef Png file

RIP nukethepope
Season 5, "Marge On The Lam". Easily one of the best episodes and it has my favorite throwaway gag, 
"Homer Smash it Good!"
I kinda liked Ruth, I think she coulda made a good friend character for Marge. 
Aww, lumber has a million uses
Quiet, I can't hear the eggs.
I am directly under the sun............ now!
Excellent.  Thanks for the youtube vid.
Sunshine, lollipops and rainbows,
Everything that's wonderful is what I feel when we're together,
Can I throw up in your bathroom? I'll buy something.
........
If you ever met my ex-husband, you'd understand.  All he ever did was eat, sleep, and drink beer..Your point being?
"Uh, looks to be asphalt...oh, geez, trees, shrubs...er. I'm directly under the earth's sun, nnn-now!"
My cans!  My precious antique cans!  Aw, look what you done to em...
Suspect is ., repeat, .I love Wiggum's directions
Wiggum: [gets out of the car] I am proceeding on foot. Call in a Code 8..Eddie: [into radio] We need pretzels. Repeat, pretzels.
All this episode reminds me of is how long it's been since I've had an awesome pretzel.
Waitress: I hate it when the waffles stick together..Cook: Stickin' together is what good waffles do!
There's no way I'm wearing a wire, man..This is between you and me, smashed hat.
That hat was one day away from retirement.
I tied an onion to my belt; which was the style at the time.
Grover Cleavland spanked me on two non-consecutive occasions
My theory is: Skinner likes dog food!
Came here to post that, and you beat me to it. 
Mein bratwurst has a first name. It's F-R-I-T-Z. Mein bratwurst has a second name. It's S-C-H-N-A-C-K-E-N-P-F-E-F-F-E-R-H-A-U-S-E-N.
"Street signs? Indoors? Whatever!"
A crocodile? With sunglasses on? Well now I've seen everything...
Forty seconds?  But I want it now!
I expect that kind of language at Denny's, but not here!
Trailer here BTW: 
Uncle Moe's Grille?
This is the first time anyone's been happy in here. And when I opened it was 'Moes ice cream carnival'... Those were dark times. 
But I sang you the potato stuffings! Come on! I sang you the potato stuffings!
Uncle Moe's Family Feedbag
Pennsylvania?
yup
Chairman Moe's Magic Wok?
Secret hobo spices...
'Le Grille'??  What the hell is that?
Why'd you do that?
I wanted to remember my place in the book I was reading.
Hey, Burns! Hey, rag arm!
You could literally hear the air breaking
I love you cuz you kill people. 
My daddy shoots people.
Also see. Mild Ale. 
every time i see a link on that subreddit i wanted to post a video of him saying that
Should be a new sub gonemild
 
NSFW
Does he have a lazy eye in this?
I believe that is characteristic of most Simpsons animation. 
double whammy.I love it
Pretty sure that sub exists
With a warm glass of water on the side for dipping!
If you like impossible objects, you might remember . from Professor Frink's yard sale..(.)
Mildly-doodly.
What episode is this a reference to? I swear I've heard it before, but google doesn't want to help.
I'm mildy happy for you.
A popsicle in my favorite flavor: plain!
Here is what the linked meme says in case it is blocked at your school/work or is unavailable for any reason:. | 

I always find it mildly interesting to see bots interact with other bots.
I like the conflict between the one that "flips" any comment mentioning Australia, and the one that will unflip any flipped text.
A mild surprise goes great with a glass of water on the side for dippin'.
And a big bowl of unflavored, non-fat ice milk.
I want wintergreen!
regular flavor for me
unflavored for me*
or some nachos, Flanders style! That's cucumbers with cottage cheese!
This isn't a very happy birthday for Rex Banner
They just added him in Tapped Out, and one of his tasks is to eat one of these :D
Huh-llo Fishees 
Where'd ya pinch the hooch, rummy? Is some blind tiger jerkin suds on the side?
It was really just a talking dog.
If anything you should get more possessions; you don't even have a computer!
IN YOUR FACE, SPACE COYOTE! 
Pick a bar? 
I'm on my way! 
To be fair, that's pretty important.
"SIMPSON! YOU'VE GOT A 513!"
Ohhhh, a fiveTHIRteen
Did you eat lobsters later that night?
Do they even know what a nuclear panner plant is?
Which if true, means death for us all. 
Well, I don't have to sit still and laugh for half an hour, because . Homer Simpson!
It's always good stuff like this that gets cut in syndication. If you're watching those crappy pirated versions with the "Q13" logo on the bottom, you're missing out.
NO!
Up, up and awaaaaaay
Box kites were originally used as a means of drying wet string.
They didn't have any aspirin so I got you some ciggerattes...
You may remember me from other show business
funerals such as "Andre the Giant: We Hardly Knew Ye", and "Shemp
Howard: Today We Mourn a Stooge"!
Ohh thats raspberry ! 
Hey, buddy, you gotta slow your car down and let me in, because I'm a big fat guy and I can't go anywhere! Because there could be some poison gas, I... I mean there's really going to be poison gas, and everybody's going to be dead, especially me!
I heard your dad went into a restaurant and ate everything in the restaurant and they had to close the restaurant.
I hear that guy's ass is so big it has it's own congressman!
Fairly sure the joke is Marge not understanding how genes and genealogy works
Correct. Everybody  just jumps to sex..
I hate this character for the stupid things she does/say, like that one.
You...hate..a Simpsons character? O.O
Because of how hypocrite, supid or liar she is sometimes. It's not that I lose my shit when I watch the Simpsons, it just annoys me. 
Well ... the Simpsons did it is still true 
YOU STUPID AHAHA
Mountain Dew or Crab Juice?
No bowl. Stick. Stick!
SHUT UP, THE BOTH OF YA'S
We'll see, son. We'll see.
Splat!
Sorry about that guy, they stick all the jerks in tower 1.
SWEET, MERCIFUL CRAP! My car!
"Ah, McBain, glad you could make it.  Have a salmon puff."
They're to die for..If I got this wrong, I'll show myself out. It's been a while.
i think i left my glasses in the pool...
I'm actually really jealous.

Absolutely hands down my favorite ending and possibly favorite episode of all time. 
We work hard - we play hard. 
hot stuff coming through!
The whole steel industry is gay, aerospace too.
IIIIIIIITS SHOWTIME!
I've got a better idea. We can make ., . snow
How about, Sherman Moe's magic walk?
Do you want good food, a good time and uh a whole bunch of goofy crap on the wall? 
My friend - I weep for you.
Here you go, Here I am, Uncle Moe! Thank you Maam! This'll be a treat! Here I am, Uncle Moe, while ya eat!
Please take the fries off my head kid, the basket is extremely hot!!
It can flash fry a buffalo in 40 seconds flat!
40 seconds?! But I want it now!!
"Oh, your 'teef' hurt, huh? Your 'teef' hurt? Well thats too freaking bad! You hear me? Ill tell you where you can put your freaking sodie too!"
My freaking ears!
Well, I expect this sort of language at Denny's, but not here!
My favorite Flanders line.
Aww, jeez. And you got the stink lines and everything...
Never, ever stop in the middle of a hoedown
Why does a dog have human girlfriends?
People do crazy things in ads. Like eat at arby's 
upvoted
downvoted
Here's your problem.  Someone set this thing to evil.
That doll is evil I tell's ya! EEEEVIL!!
Hey Homer, where's your present?.D'oh!  I mean...  D`oh-n't worry son, I forgot to get you a present. But I swear on my father's grave--I will get you one now!
Grandpa you said that about all the presents...
but it comes with your choice of topping!
thats good!
We sell forbidden objects from places men fear to tread.  
We also sell frozen yogurt, which I call frogurt!
The frogurt is also cursed.
Ooh, that's bad.
Can I go now? 
Say hello to Paint Drinking Pete!!!
Where is this realization from?
Mesquite-grilled onions. Jalapeo relish. ... Wait a minute, those are Southwestern ingredients. ... Mango-lime salsa? That's the kind of bold flavor they enjoy in ... Albuquerque!
FOR I AM THE MAYOR OF ALBUQUERQUE
Hungry Hungry Homer. Where Homer goes on a hunger strike to keep the Isotopes from moving to Albuquerque.
So somebody recorded a video of their TV and made a gif of it? Not sure if I should facepalm or be impressed.
Unfortunately, this was the best version of the clip on YouTube. I wouldn't go quite so far to record it on TV myself. ;)
Man, YouTube really sucks for Simpsons clips. Unless you want to watch them in other languages, which there are a lot of for some reason.
Well, what're you waiting for? Somebody to kiss you goodbye?
shine those shoes! tuck in that shirt! take that badge out of your mouth! youre police officers!
Capitalize those sentences! Use apostrophes! You're an . user!
never!
Typo is first paragraph. Doh!
Homer, you are the living end!
Keep reachin' for the rainbow!
this is great
And the winner of the car raffle....seat 00001, C. Montgomery Burns!
And hereeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee comeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee the pretzels!
you could call them Whitey Whackers!
this phrase never fails to make me laugh like an idiot.
This is a black day for baseball.
Homer: Come to Homercles!.
Marge: [laughs] I can't, the beans'll burn..
Homer: Homercles cares not for beans!  
I am the lizard queen!
This episode was on TV on channel 4 in the UK on Sunday, I had a two day hangover and couldn't stop laughing. Then I watched little shop of horrors. It was a good day, except for the hangover.
Sand... Wich
:hoooonnnkkk:
To get to Duff Gardens I would ride with Satan himself!
But I love solids!
Feed me!
Oh, Man, Dads dead
Duff Beer for me, Duff Beer for you.  I'll have a Duff, you'll have one too!
I'll have a Duff 
NO way out..
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA. 
Marge I'd like to be alone with the sandwich for a minute
Are you going to eat it?
'beat'
Yes.
Oh I can't stay mad at you.
Hey, Surly only looks out for one guy, Surly.
Hrm, sorry Surly..
Shut up. 
This is probably my favourite bit in that exchange. He just says it with so much scorn.
Why do you talk like that?
I had a strroooooooke.
 gruuuunnnnha
The "yay's" have it!
bart: yeahh.lisa: yeahh.bob: noooo.homer: well, 2-1
UGH!! This coffee is too hot!!
  Three little maids from school are we.Pert as a school-girl well can be.Filled to the brim with girlish glee.Three little maids from school   .Hahahahaha
Hey Bart, your epidermis is showing!
Kippers for breakfast, aunt Helga?
Is it St. Swithin's Day already?
'Epidermis' means 'your hair,' so technically, it's true. 
Pardon me a moment. Haw-haw!
Hey Nelson, he's really hurt.  I think he broke his leg.
Oh, great, I get to spend the summer with my brain.
Soon I will be Queen of Summertime!  

Mil

You're my lady
yeah, I wish they would have put something like this in all the seasons
I would say you was an angel, but angels don't dance like that.
The greatest trick Monty Burns ever pulled.
Was convincing the world he didn't exist
Yes, and a new. . .NO!
I didn't see "Earwigs Ewww"
The Electric Gigolo just gets me every time 
Helllllooooooooooo...??
I told that idiot to . my sandwich..Ow!
A lot of blue hair! He He, What a freak!
It's a ghost car!
There are ghost cars all over this place, you know. 
GARGARGAR THE MAD MUDMEN SHALL REMEMBER THIS VICTORY FOR MANY MOONS TO COME.
Oh, shut it Mudboy.
I hear that guy's ass has it's own congressman.
This is my all-time favorite Simpsons episode
"And remember, if youre not sure about something, rub it against a piece of paper. If the paper turns clear, its your window to weight gain.
bye bye everybody!
Hey, did you go to Hollywood Upstairs Medical College too?
Jasper seems to be the only one really on model here.
Listening to the commentary tracks on the first season is awesome. They talk about reusing character models and trying to tone down the monster like quality of some.
This is exactly how I feel about books and movies that I feel possessive of. 
Paddling the school canoe... you better believe that's a paddling. 
Yeah. I think about this particular scene all the time. 
The colours, children.
gly-vin!
The moyven and the glayvin and the mwhey!
Was Frink jewish?
He was Jerry Lewish.
Something's clawing at my leg! ...Oh wait, it stopped.
Shut up netface.
They have my bus pass! They have my bus pass!!
hey you're in the net too
I said SHUT UP netface!
this always makes me laugh lol
Eh, you didn't miss much. Honeydew is the money melon.
I don't particularly like this scene, but often quote this line.
This is Ned Flanders, my friend!
"Come on, Ned, move this thing!"."I CAN'T, IT'S A GEO!"
episode? context?.come on people, don't assume everyone knows everything about this show off by heart.
.
"And now, what you all came here to see: HARDCORE NUDITY!".That line never fails to crack me up. .Oh, and:
What episode was this from?
Watched this episode yesterday, and the drawings made me think of Chris (Simpsons artist).  If you're not familiar with his work search "Simpsons pictures that I gone and done" on Facebook, and prepare to laugh like you've never laughed before.
Sample for the lazy. Thank you for sending me there. 
Thanks, I was on my phone when I posted this, so couldn't provide a link myself.
"The Simpsons 138th Episode Spectacular".3F31
Even Grandpa Simpson!
...
...
....uhhh HA HA HA.They haven't changed a bit, have they?
I know somebody that got this Krusty as a tattoo. 
It's going in mine, if I ever decide to actually do it.
Ambassador Henry Mbabwetumba of the Ivory Coast writes...
Right about now, you're probably saying, "Troy, I've seen every Simpson's episode, You can't show me anything new."
One of my favorite lines from the show. 
What is the real deal with Mr. Burns' assistant, Smithers? You know what I'm talking about.
Ahahahahahahah.  Of course we do...
As you can see, the real deal with Waylon Smithers is that he's Mr. Burns' assistant. He's in his early forties, is unmarried, and currently resides in Springfield.
I think Homer gets stupider every year..That's not a question professor...
even Grampa Simpson.

The interesting thing about this drawing, other than the fact that it's hilarioous, is the fact that you can see the emotion, and tone of voice that we all associate with Grampa Simpson.
and Captain Wacky! ....later renamed Homer

...Out of all the tattoos I have ever seen, this is the most interesting. You must live quite the life.
Fuck. Yes. 
Really? Awesome!
Yes...yes it is. 
And now you're thinking, "I hope that's Shepard's Pie in my knickers"

Which episode is this?
Treehouse of Horror IX
Hey! They're laughing at your pain!

This is better!
Thanks
When did they get a door.
Cartoons don't have to make sense. 
They use it whenever there is a joke needed for it. 

Ohhh... Homer you're not going as a Hobo again?
Going where?
Man.  When they were good, those writers were very, very good.
Saxamaphoooooone. Saxamaphoooooone.
This is great.  Bookmarked.
Last post was 8 months ago. Someone should resurrect this...
Oh crap, I shouldn't have said he was a customer!
Oh crap, I shouldn't have said it was a secret!
Oh crap, I definitely shouldn't have mentioned his 'illegal account'!
Ugh, its too hot today.
Who controls the British crown?
"No, I said you were fired.".
"Oh... that's . worse."

Please overload! PLEASURE OVERLOAD!
Only two synonyms?! Im losing my perspicacity!
Episode please 
the PTA has disbanded
This is a dilly of a pickle!
that's a paddlin...
Oh no, the PTA has disbanded! AH! AH! AHHHHH!!!
No! No! No! The PTA has not disbanded!
I never got the joke behind that. Can anyone elaborate?
I never really understood this scene. Anyone care to explain?
I'm now oddly tempted to do this.
What Episode is this?
the PTA has disbanded 
I'm . and . so smart, 
Is that gum, is that gum, is that gum?
Lisa, get in here! 
This perpetual-motion machine she made today is a joke! It just keeps going faster and faster.
It's just supposed to be bizarre and unsettling. 
And it was indeed so. This scene still unnerves me.
I always thought it was some sort of movie reference or something. Thanks
Oh but taxes, the finger thing means the taxes!
haha love that bit 
in this house we obey the laws of thermodynamics!
I love this as one of those rare moments that Homer understands something. Show him a drinking bird though, and he loses his shit.
*edited for posterity
loses*
Agreed - it's just so out of character, but at the same time, completely in character.
IT'S DRINKING THE WATER! 
"-that's just so unwholesome"
needed the whole quote
Greetings, friend. Do you wish to look as happy as me? Well, you've got the power inside you right now. Use it, and send one dollar to Happy Dude, 742 Evergreen Terrace, Springfield. Don't delay. Eternal happiness is only a dollar away.
Tonight is all about...."Sunshine lolly pops and...rainbows everything that's...."
I hate it when the waffles stick together.
See you tomorrow loser!
Amazing! So many great touches to this... I wonder what the step is for?
I like the "Bort" license plate.
New movie?
Where is this? So cool!
Looks like it was just a concept some one created when the movie came out.

I'm thinking that's probably at Universal Studios Orlando, from the parking garage down to City Walk, since they are building a Simpsons-based theme park city.
It's nowhere because it's not real.
this has been posted so many times. it needs to stop
Part of the reason why this could never exist is that as a general rule, you don't want sticky things ending up in the comb plate of an escalator. It'll start to peel, and then trip the emergency brake. The mechanics who have to maintain the escalators would throw a fit if they turned up for work one day and saw something like this.
Think smaller. More legs.
And to drink I'd like a blended ribwich.
This is the only re re re re re repost I will alwayd upvote
Hall of Famer Whitey Ford now on the field pleading with the crowd for some kind of sanity. 
and heeeerreee cooommeeee the pretzelllllsssss
I'll take a .........
Comon comon! While we're young
one pretzel!
No deal McCutcheon, that moon money is mine!
Uh oh and a barrage of pretzels now knocking Whitey unconscious 
As well as Fat Tony saying his wife is nagging him: 'Where is the money? How come you don't have the money? When will you be getting the money?'.A Top Five episode for me.
When are the pancakes comming in the mail?.EDIT: I think this is one of my all time favourite homer quotes.
HEY KIDS! WE'RE EATIN' DINNER TONIGHT!
"That'll be 300 dollars!"."I don't think so, you see I got 300 coupons."
Gimbals is gone, Marge. Long gone. YOU'RE GIMBALS. 
"Oh it's just a mob war. Go back to sleep, honey."
They'll kill ya five times before you hit the ground!
Is there a button or release for these keys?
You have to jiggle it
Turn it topwise!
Is this the episode where marge sells pretzels?
Well, yes. But . Homer calls them "Whitey Whackers"..EDIT because I was wrong.
Well, technically Homer calls them Whitey Whackers 
Correct. My mistake. 
No problemo neighborino
Shut up, Flanders.
And heeerrre come the pretzels!
Hall of famer Whitey Ford on the field, pleading with the crowd for- for some kinda sanity. 
Uh oh, and a barrage of pretzels now knocking Whitey unconscious.
This is- This is a black day for baseball.
I love you guys, so much. 
I'll give you 24 hours, but just to show i'm serious, you have 12 hours
    
Aw...
I'm afraid I must insist. You see, my wife, she has been most vocal on the subject of the pretzel monies. "Where's the money? "When are you going to get the money?" "Why aren't you getting the money now?" And so on.
... Can we have de money now?
Seriously one of my favorite bits of dialog..It's right up there with Homer saying to Lisa: 'Just because I don't care doesn't mean I don't understand.'
It's one of those classic Simpsons lines which provide so much insight with so few words.
Forgive-a-ness please.
I say this all then time when I mess something up. People rarely get the reference.

DAE use this line in real life?

They will kill you 5 times before you hit the ground.
Prease* FIFY
Rello Prease!
Best Simpsons line ever?
I see you've played knifey spoony before!
I'm not a stabbing hobo, im a singing hobo.  " nothin beats the hobo life, stabbing folks with my hobo knife"
Well, they put us on a Waiting to Exhale waiting list, but they said don't hold your breath.
Homer: Well, when there's nothing left to believe in, believe in hope. Marge: Where'd you get that from? Homer: From the producers of "Waiting To Exhale".
Homer: Moe, I need your advice..
Moe: Yeah?.
Homer: See I got this friend, Joey Jo-Jo Junior Shabadoo?.
Moe: That's the worst name I ever heard..
[Man at the end of the bar runs out crying.].
Barney: Hey, Joey Jo-Jo!
The whole 'steamed hams' scene makes me cry laughing every time.
Welcome to Itchy & Scratchy Land, where nothing can possiblie go wrong. .Possibly go wrong. .That's the first thing that's ever gone wrong. 
Actor - BOH,.BURNS - Homer doesn't say Boh, he says "flips pages" Doh!!.Actor - Da-Ohh
Hey, if you're getting loaded off them fumes then I'm gonna have to charge you.
Man alive, there are...men alive in here!
I'm goin on the bender to end all benders!

Quick, use my Krusty Brand eyewash!
NO! NOT ON YOUR LIFE!
Staring at my sandals, that's a paddlin
'Lil help.
"I will not plant sublimin. messa.s"
"Goldfish don't bounce."
I love you too, Pepsi.
Pepe
"Don't say 'revenge.' Don't say 'revenge'."
Revenge
[x] Revenge
[ ]Boredom.
[ ]Spite.
[ ]Malice.
[x]Revenge.
[ ]Profit
Do you have him in blonde?
Well. I. never. 
Kill wealthy dowager ...
Episode?
Episode?
I feel bad for Ned's kids.
S14E8, "The Dad Who Knew Too Little"; credit to . who . the scene in question, the . appears at the bottom of the page.
I always wondered what they meant by "diabetes" being his "hobby." Does Rod have juvenile diabetes?

whoosh
I'm afraid I also didn't get the joke care to actually explain?
it's a) that he has diabetes but also b) that his life is so boring that that would count as a hobby, and maybe also a little bit c) that Flanders is so optimistic that he doesn't even mind claiming that it's a hobby
Howdy partners. My name is sheriff Lisa Simpson. I sure am hungry for my favorite food, McNuggets.
Mmm, McNuggets.
Dad! Wake up!
Just as sure as my favorite book is... magazines!
[deleted]
this episode is from the 4th season
what is a baby saying when it asks for its bottle?
Baba?
No...it's saying I AM A LEECH...our aim is to develop the bottle within
That seems awfully harsh.
My favorite line from that episode:.
Mrs. Simpson, I don't like to toot my own horn, but we're the only day-care in town that is not currently under investigation by the state.
And the road maps and ice scraper? 
Actually sir, we found the Jade Monkey; it was in your glove compartment.
Homer, have you been eating that sandwich again?
Marge, Id like to be alone with the sandwich.
Marge: Are you going to eat it?
Homer: ....Yes
I am the lizard queen!
Give her this. And this. And then these.
Thank you, doctor..Oh, I'm not a doctor...
Duff... Gardens... Hoorah!

That Brian McGee
"... When I was 17"
I drank some very good beer
The poodle silhouette made me snort.
RIP Phil Hartman
She's a Grade A Moron.
When I grow up I want to go to Bovine University!
They don really expect us to swallow this tripe do they?
Just ask this SCIENTICIAN!
Uh
Don't kid yourself billy, if a cow ever got the chance it'd kill you and everyone you care about

I do something similar when my balls stick to my leg
Oh no! The spit valve! 
It took me years to work in that groove!
Groove me baby!
... This is scorpio. I have the doomsday device, you have 72 hours to deliver the gold, or . face the consequences.  And to prove I'm not bluffing,  WATCH THIS!

Maybe it just collapsed on its own

Is this a reference to something or Homer just being Homer? 
The delivery of Homer's chuckle is just excellent there. It sounds so natural.
.. nice job kangrock
this is from the BEST episode every.
We can't take that chance!
You always say that. I want to take a chance!
You don't like these moccasins? Well GET THE HELL OUT OF HERE!
Well I'm off to fight aliens on a far away planet.
That sounds like an interesting movie.
What do you mean I gotta give two weeks' notice? Why you frickin',
no good . 
No it's ok I'm just talking to my oven.
"Did I sound like a real Kwik-e-Mart, you know, kind of guy?"."Actually, I thought it was a little labored."
Woods delivered some fantastic lines in this episode.
Yes...yes, a...a movie, yes.
Ok you're you I'm me. ."Im me?"
as a young boy I always dreamed of being a theme part ride. But today I say that we must move forward. Not backward, upward, not forward, and always twirling, twirling, TWIRLING towards freedom.
This is my current ringtone.
Ouuughh, i'll never eat chilli again... OOOOO! CHLLI!!
"Homer, have you been up all night eating cheese?"
"I think I'm blind!"
Aaron A. Aaronson has also voted for Bob.
Hey, just heard the news over the squawk box. That's nice work, Homer.
Hahaha love this joke 
As much as I'm tired of these posts that are all exactly like this, this particular episode and all of season 6 is just the best, to me. I'm not sure what the general opinon on "best season" is but I bet 6 is up there with everyone's favorites. And Maggie Makes Three, Bart vs. Australia, the pool one, etc..Maybe those just aired around the time I was the perfect audience to take them in? But I can't get enough. 
This joke is going over the top of my head. Can someone explain it to me?
Wow, Dad, you really threw a tantrum like a little sissy girl?
GAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!
"Martin Blower represents damn near most of the village. Do you want us to go through the whole phone book?"."Yeah, we'll put a call in to Aaron A. Aaronson, shall we?"
Got to be season 4 for me: "Homer the Heretic," "Lisa the Beauty Queen," "Marge Gets a Job," "Mr. Plow," "Lisa's First Word," "Marge Vs. The Monorail," "Brother from the Same Planet" (Homer joins a big brother program to spite Bart), "Last Exit to Springfield" (Dental plan!), "The Front" (Bart and Lisa start writing Itchy and Scratchy cartoons by posing as Grandpa), "Whacking Day," "Marge in Chains," and "Krusty Gets Kancelled." In one fucking season! Just unbelievable how tight the writing is and how much heart the characters have.
I think I need to look at 6's episodes again to recall, but I also love season 8. Very nostalgic for me. 
Watched this one an hour ago! Haha
I have a hard time choosing between seasons four through nine.  They all have so many great episodes.
I definitely love 6-9 the most and there are even more good than bad up through about 13. 
Six is the best!.And you forgot to mention "Sideshow Bob Roberts."
"... and just look how happy he is!"

It makes more sense when you . (just ignore the weird bit at the end!)
Wut
You can't ignore that

The genius of Simpsons humor is that they set you up for the cliche, then twist it. 
It . nice work
Bowling! Get your bowling!!
Marge Simpson is pregnant purple monkey dishwasher.
In the actual episode there's a fade transition between the call to A.Aaronson and the call to Zykowski, leading us to believe that Patty and Selma have called every single person in the phone book to spread the news of Marge's pregnancy.
hahaha, that makes more sense. thanks
this will always be up and away my favorite quote from the sisters. 
I feel like everybody in this subreddit, including myself, watches the same episodes at the same time. 
TV has a tendency to play the episode that I had already watched that day from my hard drive.
My superpower is to cause any episode I make a reference to appear on Sky One within days.
Mine is if I stare at red lights long enough, I can make them turn green.
I don't know what it is, but often enough i'll find myself thinking of a random simpsons episode, and then that exact night the same episode is on TV! It's freaky man
It's probably confirmation bias.  If you're anything like me, you'll think of a . of random Simpsons quotes or gags on a daily basis.  Most of the time, the episode they're from doesn't come on, so you pay it no mind.  Every once in a while though, the episode you're thinking of . come on, so it sticks out in your mind and seems serendipitous.
No matter how hard I try the Armand Tanzarian episode never comes on :(
Yeah, same thing happened to me when they used to play classic Simpsons here. I wonder why. Maybe they'd repeat the same episodes after a certain amount of weeks/months or they'd choose episodes based on what was going on at the time. Who knows, I thought it was freaky, too.
New job...?
This one is tied with, "you can't spell obsequious without IOU."
"... I'll have to trust you on that."
Well marge was always a good speller, lets ask her!
Hmmm... It seems you're showering her with gifts, little tiny baby sized gifts...
Well... Ill be out back
It's true.  The bundle is little but I'm not in it for the money.
Hey Homer! Way to get Marge pregnant! Heh heh heh.
This is getting very abstract, but thank you: I . enjoy working at the bowling alley.
Woah!  It's windy as hell out there!
New job?.Marge is pregnant?!
I love this gag so much, but I think it goes over a lot of people's heads because I'm the only one that ever laughs Haha 
I...I don't get it...can you please explain...? :-(
In the episode, the joke is that after the first two sentences, they use a fade transition, making it seem like they spent a bunch of time going through the entire phone book (A to Z), telling everyone about marge being pregnant when all they actually did was call Aaronson and Zykowski.
AH! Yes! The fade is rather hard to portray in the quote. That's rather brilliant.
Thanks! I forgot about the fade and was confused.
You thought they were gonna zig and they zagged.
Classic Simpsons misdirection. This is practically an instruction manual on how to be funny. Like in 'Lemon of Troy' when Bart says, "Oh... that's just a lemon shaped rock. Wait a minute, there's a lemon behind that rock!"
LOL I actually used that example as well.
Ha, what a coincidence! I swear I didn't scroll down before I posted. 
Quick, reference another classic moment!
Well, it's hard to define how a joke works, but I'd say a big part of it is the surprise of something unexpected.
That, perfect timing and a healthy mix of the absurd with reality. I bet you could write an entire book on ways the Simpsons taught an entire generation how to be funny. This show shaped the sense of humor of millions of people. Where do you think this "Simpsons did it!" meme came from in the first place? Writers all over the world pay homage to and/or steal from the Simpsons. Heck, just look at Family Guy. Copying the Simpsons was so successful it spawned 2 other crappy shows too. The show is so epic that even a cheap, crappy, Simpsons knock off will make ass loads of money. Much like Shakespeare they did everything first and the best.
You'd win your bet.  Check out "Planet Simpson" by Chris Turner.
Ha, what do you know, I'll be damned.
Sax-a-maphone sax-a-maphooone.
A fine choice sir
"That's it! Time to take out the trash! But first I'm gonna have to ask you to leave!"."I'm seein' double! FOUR Krusties!"."Wait a minute... there's something bothering me about this place. I know! This lesbian bar doesn't have a fire exit!".Sooooo many good ones.
The funniest one I've seen in the recent seasons was when Fat Tony was doing the carpool and he said something about "sleeping with the fishes" and he pulled out a Finding Nemo blanket.
I really like when Moe was on a date, on roller skates, about to lose his balance, and then he gets ran over by a horse and buggy. Or like when Flanders says, "Hey kids nachos Flander's style! That's cucumbers with cottage cheese." Or possibly the funniest of all time. When Homer was hiding in the backseat saying, "Forever. Forever." Through the empty paper-towel roll into Marge's ear while she was driving and reminiscing on their past. 
The old make you think it's someone's imagination but it's actually another character behaving absurdly bit. 
Mmmm classic.
Agreed, its just like the line of "I'm seeing double! Four Krustys!"
There's a lemon behind that rock!
grandpa: I thought I'd never shoot down a german plane, but  a year ago I proved myself wrong 
I imagined this was an allusion to the brother and sister protagonists (who blew on magic whistles) from an obscure eighties British cartoon called 'Family Ness' but nothing online backs this up
"You are a member of a very exclusive club."."The Black Panthers?"
YEAH! 
I'll be quirky!
I don't recall this. 
What episode is this from?
it's from the season 19 episode 6 ''Little Orphan Mille''

Stupid moose. It's a DEER crossing.
Can someone find or make a video of this 
I must now go to my basement where I des pence the insults rather then endure them
i think you mean your ass
The Riddler is what I call my ass. 
can i say crappy on tv?
Yes, on this network you can.
Ahh, kids' letters from camp.
Gentlemen, to evil!
Our nature hikes have become grim death marches. 
Uhhuuuhhu...a snake bit me.
Simpson scandal update, Homer sleeps nude in an oxygen tent, which he believes gives him sexual powers!
I like to keep a lollipop there...

::burns proceeds to drill into moleman's head:: "ow, my brain"
This scene always disturbed me.
Agreed. I think this was one of the first episodes I ever watched, and I was very young... maybe five or six years old. Still freaks me out slightly to this day.
Why, its that delightful TV leprechaun, I'm going to get your lucky charms
Oh no, my brains.
The percolations are imminent!
Cease your ingress! 
Linguo . dea
No, Lisa! But I sure don't wanna have to eat this crappy breakfast! 
Seasons 2-10 are my favorite seasons, but I think I'll give season 1 another go. I've tried watching the newer seasons on Hulu, but it's hard to sit through a whole episode. I'm not sure if it's just because it's different from what I like/am used to, or that the newer episodes just suck.
That's true, but you make it sound like the change happened recently..IMO Seasons 1-4 were completely different from 5 and beyond. The early episodes were slower paced and didn't try to make every single line of dialogue a joke. The stories were a lot more realistic (for example, the family was always concerned about money which is never a problem for them now)..I think the change had a lot to do with Al Jean and Mike Reiss leaving after season 4 and Dave Mirkin taking over as show runner.
I enjoyed Season 1 because of the "camera work"
LOL NO..Completely fucking wrong. Since season 3, it's been all parodies and guest stars. It was just more subtle..Did you forget an entire cast of baseball players? Michael Jackson? Leonard Nimoy?
Look! It's someone's attractive cousin!!
Curse that handsome devil!
His can control is excellent...
A reference to "My Secret Identity" starring Jerry O'Connell, perhaps?
One of my favorite episodes. 
NOT IN MY MOUTH!.--is what that kid would say. To the bluffs!
That look kills me. So confident.
Wait a minute.  If you're from Shelbyville, how come we've never seen you at school?
-I don't go to school.
OK.  What's two plus two?
-Five.
Oh.  Story checks out.
Shake harder, !boy
Now let's all celebrate with a cool glass of turnip juice.
They're always eating candy in Shelbyville. They love it because of its sweet taste.
I don't understand, that was non-alcoholic champagne...
"I am the very model of a modern major general, I've information vegetable, animal, and mineral."
I wager 400 quatloos on the newcomer.
When I was little I didn't know who Shaq was and thought she was saying Shark or Shock in an odd way, and I didn't get why :P
I'm no Harvey Globetrotter
"Maybe we can play the basketball!"
This one of my all time favorite moments. Super underexposed too
I'm no 'Harvey Globetrotter', but...
"Oww.."."I told you to watch out"
Someone who has a lot of ivory is less likely to hurt Stampy than someone who's ivory supply is low.
He'll make a . piano...
Mmm... elephant fresh.
I LOVE STAMPY!
The first time I watched this I was incapacitated with laughter for a good few minutes. .Just something about Homer bluntly attacking someone with his head and shoulder... 
I only have two questions: "How much", and "Give it to me".
Stop that, Mr. Simpson.
Then there's Moe....poor Moe
The BORT license plate really sells it!
This falls in the uncomfortable area between "better than I could do" and "still pretty terrible".
strong and powerful like a gorilla, yet soft and yielding like a nerf bat
The horn clinches it.
I would prefer it without the BORT license plate - y'know, they were all sold out. 
episode?
Season 5, episode 16: "Homer Loves Flanders"
I wish my town had a municipal LSD supply.
Wow, I can hear Marge in my head watching that gif.
The walls are melting again.
I do believe I'm overdone.
Wow I hope I didn't brain my damage
wow

Is it weird that i've thought about this exact theory before?
I don't think so. I feel like everyone has at one time or another, though I could be mistaken. I know that I have. 
What is this?.A GIF FOR ANTS?!?
WHY ARE YOU YELLING
WERE YOU SENT HERE BY THE DEVIL?
Mind blown. 
Somewhere, in an alternate universe....
No.
This hurts my Simpsons brain as much as my Family Guy brain.
Santa's Little Helper looks so sassy.
Yeah. Being born in America and having a job is an awful curse. I wish I was born in Syria, or someplace cool like that
Damn Marge, you built right!
I've got half a chub after looking at that
[deleted]
Pretty sure you guys pay less taxes than every where else in the world that matters.
Depends on your income. Low income pay very little taxes, the rich are half and half - some pay their share and others get away with millions that they should be paying, and the middle class gets f'd in the a for the most part..Also, there's a lot of tax reform going on now, but pre-recession there was an obscene amount of waste happening with tax revenue.
whch episode is this?
Seems you haven't seen enough of The Simpsons, though.
It's hard to convey through the picture but for those being doubtful of the joke, the way the guy says it plays it off like he's a generic night-time talkshow host, he even does that golf swing.
Well, the golf swing itself isn't generic -- it was basically Carson's trademark. .But you're right, while it is an easy and lazy joke, it was meant to be played as a way of making fun of cheesy late-night monologue jokes, which doesn't come through in this particular screencap..It's not the best Simpsons joke ever, or even a good one compared to the show's peak, but it's a bit more clever than this screencap would have most people believe.
Right, Carson, I was trying to remember which comedian used it, and I know it wasn't any of the talk-show hosts . Thank you.The only reason I love this joke is because of the inflection the guy does when he says "The . the American ." Which makes the joke, like you said granted, it's not the best joke ever, or even close to it, but it makes you laugh if executed correctly.
Eh, it being aware of its cheesiness doesn't make it any less cheesy. It'd only be funny if a parody of a talkshow host was relevant, otherwise it's just the writers wanting to write a cheap joke with the excuse of "it's satire".
Damn, now that you explain it like that it's actually funny and worthy of being in the Simpsons... Thanks for the heads up

This post should have been a gif to begin with. Then maybe more people would have gotten the joke.
Ok. I made it and posted it 
The expression on Marge's face.  Lol.
Thanks for reminding me why I no longer watch this show.
Yeah, there's no way golden age Simpsons would have made a Carson reference..Wait a minute...
The same show that once took a . at people whose ideals can be thrown out the window over taxes. Pathetic.  
That kind of joke always pisses me off. It seems so easy, I mean everyone pays taxes, it's just necessary...
they won't give up the bear patrol, but they don't want to pay for it either
i feel it is a good example of the change in quality in the Simpsons. They would not make a joke like this during the first 10 years. They were not make the easy joke, they would actually break ground with their humor..Now it is just the easiest jokes possible.
Let the bears pay the bear tax. I pay the Homer tax. 
Seriously? This is a joke . jokes. It's not really about taxes at all. It's Simpsons meta-humour...How are you not getting this? He even does the Carson golf swing to sell the point.
Because European viewers obviously know what the "Carson golf swing" is..And bad jokes are everywhere, I thought the Simpsons were getting lazy.
I'm from the UK, and I know what it is.
Congratulations, I'm from Switzerland and no one has ever heard of it here. 
And compared to the rest of the World, American's 
I like how you and BollywoodHulkHogan are getting downvoted for pointing out that this joke is not even true. I live in Canada and trust me when I say you have it good
America is better at hiding how much you pay. You are ignoring sales, property, gas, alcohol and inflation taxes. There are probably a lot more I'm not thinking of right now.
Yeah... I'm Canadian too. I wish I was taxed like an American.
yay canadians!
Then why do you and your friends constantly brag about universal healthcare? Obviously it can't be that great if you're complaining about what pays for it.
America's system isn't any cheaper or less government-dependent than Canada's, it's just shittier.
[deleted]
No, read my link. The American system is more expensive in terms of tax money (and vastly more expensive in terms of privately spent money, although that's not shown on the chart).
[deleted]
I think we're talking about different things. When I said "America's system isn't any cheaper" I was referring to the healthcare system, not the government as a whole. Sorry for the confusion..Americans do pay less tax than Canadians, but their respective healthcare systems have nothing to do with that.

I just imagine some moron seeing that and being like "HUH, AIN'T THAT THE TRUTH!". It's just a really cheap joke and isn't even like true really.
[deleted]
I don't know who has been collecting your taxes, but they're taking advantage of you.
[deleted]
Again, that's the first time I commented. 
A. I'm not 16..B. Stop acting like you know more than someone. You don't. Americans are taxed much, . less than people in other countries such as the UK.
Income tax is lower, America is just better at hiding the true cost. For instance the inflation tax.
It is absolutely true that we have lower tax rates - few people will argue with that I suspect. What is also true (and is absolutely relevant) is that we get far less out of our taxes than most other first world countries. I'm not sure that the image is depicting that Americans are paying excessive amounts of taxes, but that they just don't get much bang for their buck.
Yeah, this is the kind of joke The Simpsons used to make fun of. "Looks like those clowns in congress did it again. What a bunch of clowns." Now The Simpsons has stooped to that level of comedy..Edit: Oh, .. Turns out this is still them making fun of this kind of comedy. I've never seen the episode so I didn't know the context.
Funny, worth an upvote, dead because of punchline in the title. 
At least it seems like this is happening less and less these days. 
Punchline in title is definitely a no-no. 
This isn't r/funny, we should know these lines already.
r/thesimpsons may have hit critical mass.  Instead of images and line quoting, it's become image macros and (shudder) ..  Now we will be getting the arbitrary title "rules" that plague the defaults, inexplicable complaints of reposting images from a show in constant syndication, and obnoxious name calling of OP..They're finally changing what it is, and it seems weird and scary to me.
[deleted]
It isn't over until Marge becomes a robot.
  Now, if Selma tried to marry her, on the other hand....
or Moe gets a cell phone.
What episode?
Mmmmmm ... sacra-licious!
Now that I think about it, it's kind of weird that Marge knew there was a waffle stuck to the ceiling and she never cleaned it up.
Order now and you'll also get Sun-N-Run.  The sun tan lotion that's also a laxative!
I want some flintstones chewable morphine
His face after he slaps the lotion on his face. Priceless
Bring back Sheriff Lobo.  
How it immediately cuts to Homer at home doing the exact same thing... Greatest show ever
I thought you were saying Bobo, sir
I just watched this today!
That has to be one of my favorite jokes because it highlights just how ridiculous some infomercials are. And then immediately after this, Homer is getting juice from an orange in the same fashion. 

Hi, I'm Troy McClure
You might remember me from such programs as....God he was one of my favorite characters. 
One of my favorites:."You might remember me from other self help videos like 'Smoke Yourself Thin!' and 'Get Confident, Stupid!'"
My favorites are "Firecrackers: the Silent Killer" and "Desginated Drivers: the Life-Saving Nerds!"
Gotta get a juicer! Gotta drink juice! Lose weight. Won't get chest pains from answering the phone anymore...
You might remember me
Christmas Ape Goes to Summer Camp was always my favorite
This picture is missing a few and also includes a bunch that aren't actually from the show...
I bet you're fun at parties
wow, you got all that juice from one bag of oranges?!
Ned: Now Marge don't you worry, we've all had our brushes with the law..:remembers:.Cop: Are you Ed Flanders?.Ned: No, Ned Flanders..Cop: My mistake.
Hopped up on goofballs every body!
"high as a kite everybody. Goof balls
DR.  ARE YOU SURE IT'S ON, I CAN BARELY HEAR A THING!
IT'S WHISPER QUIET!
You mean there's another way??
"Listen, Ned Flanders murdered his wife!"."But why?  She's such a fox...I mean, what's on Fox tonight?  Something ribald, no doubt."
I want more of this play.
What season/episode is this? Loved this episode I'm gonna watch it now

haha well i didn't know the correct spelling apparently, or that it was an actual day to be honest..
I love the . references in this episode.
'Tis no pool, English.
But she makes a fine barn 
I don't know why but I use this quote all the time. Great post!!!
D'oh-eth!
I'm going! I'm going!
Bart of Darkness 1F22, season 6.
The greatest season of the greatest show of all time. Bart's Comet is the best episode.
"But what's really amazing is that this is exactly what Dad said would happen.."...."I know kids, I'm scared too!"
"BART!! Your epidermis is showing!!"
Oh no, that sinister lookin' kid is coming to kill me!
See, "epidermis" means your hair..So technically it's true. That's what makes it so funny. Pardon me a moment -- Ha ha!
Hey Nelson, he's really hurt. I think he broke his leg.
I . Ha ha...
I thought that was true for years.
I actually said this in 8th grade and everyone thought I was a huge moron. Turns out, I was a huge moron.
I thought I was the only one. This must be what it feels like when doves cry.
ohh noo that kids comin to kill me, help! HELP! WAHHHH 
Flanders' scream at the end kills me every time.

"Alright, i'm going i'm going!"
the summer wind, came blowing in, from across the sea
You have selected regicide. If you know the name of the king or queen being murdered press 1. 
*St. Swithun's Day.It's a real holiday, I swear!
It's my birthday. I just wish St. Swithin had done something more noteworthy with his/her life so it'd be a national holiday. 
I leant this fact too, recently.  
I looked it up once out of curiosity and learned THAT DAY WAS ST SWITHINS DAY
We're through the looking glass here people.
St. Swithin's. Carry on.

"OH I SEE... So everything is wrapped up in a nice LITTLE PACKAGE!?!"
What? I really mean that.
Sorry if it sounded sarcastic.
Milpooooool
Milpoo
_
Lisa: Cast of characters: Viceroy Fizzlebottom, a hearty cherub of a man --
Bart: Gimme that, it's a work in progress!
My namesake.
You've waited 3 years for this.
no, you did
So it goes. 
I'LLGETYOUFORTHISBETTEMIDLERRRRRR 
It's time to take out the trash.
The creators(i believe) posted about it as well!

I approve this picture.
Welcome fellow Astoria Simspons fan!!! I walk by this all the time and I'm not sure why I didn't post it. Also, the top post on the front page right now is a bar called The Front Page in DC (where I'm from originally), and I don't know why I didn't ever connect it to Reddit. Weird that this happened twice in one hour. 
What part of 'beat it' don't you understand
I'll admit, every single time I see a gazebo I have to say this quote out loud.
DIE  CIS SCCUM FUKIN TRANS*FOBIA FUCK WHITE CIS MLAES
You're right. Chief Wiggum should be ashamed of himself.
Let's make litter out of these literati!
...I guess...that would be the "it..." 
That's too clever, you're one of THEM!
Oh my god! Underage teenagers drinking alcohol!!
Without a permit!
Ahhh!! Oops
No burning leaves without a permit!!.Too late!!
Mr. Simpson, how do you respond to the charges that petty vandalism such as graffiti is down 80%, while heavy sack-beatings are up a shocking 900%?
Oh people can come up with statistics to prove anything Kent, forty per cent of all people know that.
He'll show.
I don't know.  Anybody wearing sneakers?
EX-CEPT THROUGH MY BUTT-HOLE
wat.
I wrote this joke. It stinks.
This is flawed because exclamation points accompany everything Duffman says. 
wat in the butt!
Sorry Mr. Jean, but Larry Doyle was the writer on this episode, and Mike Scully was the show runner. At the time, you were probably working on Queer Duck.
It's one-liners like this that make me love Duffman.."Why don't you can it, Howard?"
"how'd ya like a sticker on YOUR face?!"
Yessss Mr Sherman, . stinks.

I . read Simpson quotes in the voice of the character. Anyone else? :) 
Your comment was . read in my mind by Duff Man.
That patch of grass could use some H2O. 
"That's our Moo!"
This is, for some reason, one of my all time favorite Simpsons quotes.
See what happens when you skip rehearsal
Well, I guess that wraps it up.  There's just one thing I don't get, though.  When my face was crushed, why'd it go back to my old face?  I mean, shouldn't it have turned into some kind of third face that was different? Heh.  Don't make no --
You said if I slept with you I wouldn't have to touch him!.Duff Man says a lot of things! 

Now thats one mug you dont wanna chug!
Oh, no!
Duff Man is thrusting in the direction of the problem!

Yes!
Came in to add this. Well done.
Duffman can never die.Only the actors who play him
But what about Duff Boy, and Duff Girl?
That's a mug I don't wanna chug!
OH no!
This is just so surreal and ridiculous I can't help but laugh. I didn't even know the Beatles reference as a child and I still quoted this. 
While I'm at it, why don't I just change my name back to Hitler?
Can't believe I never got the joke before.
I still don't get it, what is it?
It's the family friendly version of motherfucking
Shut up.

I think this scene answered any questions we may have had about these 2.
I want to believe.
I swear this gets posted every week.
YOU'VE GOT TO SAY YES!!!
My story begins in nineteen-dickety-two. We had to say dickety because the kaiser stole the word twenty from us.
Dickety? Highly dubious.
god I love grandpa
Now I'd like to digress from my prepared remarks to discuss how I invented the terlet.
I chased that rascal to get it back, but gave up after dickety-six miles.  
Dear life in these United States...
This is one of my favorite Simpsons moments ever. 
uhhhhhhh... (passes out)
i think we all enjoy an occassional repost of funny simpsons moments.. but is it too much to ask that it not be within 
He was told to post the gif version because it should've been a gif in the first place so more people would get the joke. 
I always try to avoid reposting as much as I can. I consider this more of an improvement than a straight repost. 
They stick all the jerks in tower 1
I'm getting out of this city alive if it kills me!
HEY! The boss says you're fired!
...and that's when the CHUDS came after me.
i love homers face in this so much
Thats it I'm coming over there 
Shat up da boat a-yas!
Stealing, stealing, stealing a car for Moe!.Da-da-da-da, da-da da-da, insurance fraud today!
Hey Lou, check out that park job in 7A!.Wheew! Dat's sweet.
Because r/funny is a subreddit of unbearably unfunny people trying to get karma for their worthless posts
Should be in r/feels
A better question is why is this posted every single day?
Tell 'er her rump's as big as the Queens! And twice as fragrant!

Son! It's me! I was going up to heaven and I got lost on the way!
Ehhh... I always felt the Monkees were more about political and social upheaval.
EW! You like the monkeys? You know they don't play any of their own instruments!

My father was a stewardess!
I heard during the commentary they tried to make a sequel to this episode where they run into leon again but he thinks he is Prince. But when they brought the script to Prince they realized that he's bat-shit crazy so they canned the episode. Really happy they did. This is still one of my favorite episodes of all time. 
The "He's white!" exclamation from this episode cracks me up everytime.
"He's dressed without flair!"
Lisa it's your birthday!
Lisa it's ya birthday, God bless you this day, 
Just watched this episode again a few days ago, probably one of my favorites, definitely one of the cutest.
Happy birthday, Lisa!
Lisa, da-da-da-disa, she is my sister, her birthday, I missed-ah!.love this episode.
LISA, HER TEETH ARE BIG AND GREEEEEN, LISA, SHE SMELLS LIKE GASOLINE!
...and I just now got how clever that was..Back then, I was like, "Silly Homer, The Simpsons aren't as famous as The Jacksons."  And I guess I just never thought about it since then..But I was a month shy of being 8 when the episode first aired, so it would go over my head.
The genius of "The Simpsons" is absolute.
Billy Corgan, Smashing Pumpkins..Homer Simpson, smiling politely.
This is what happens when you drink a blackberry schnapps...
This picture is amazing
Absolutely fantastic pic! Captures the moment perfectly!
 .Ned!
I was more animal than man. (sob)
This is easily one of the best hidden, subtle jokes in the entire series, if not in TV history. It's incredibly easy to miss, and yet once you see it, you can't not see it, and it's deliciously filthy.
I'm sorry but I feel foolish for asking for the reason it's filthy? I'd love the chuckle
The joke is that Sneed's Feed and Seed used to be Chuck's. If we following the naming convention...we get Chuck's F**k & Suck. And the writers got that by the censors!
Nice. Ha thanks!
The signs in Simpsons are easily some of the best in television.
I quote this to this day.
Another broccoli-related fatality.
Sure is easy when they're stiff like this... and very sad. 
Is there a clip available somewhere? I haven't been able to find one yet.
 , but it's at 1.4X speed.
Still! Thank you!
It's "Flupid floropope". Do you even watch?
Blupid 
I always assumed this too. Now I need to watch the video to make sure.
The only clips are in spanish, but there's .. It's one of my favorite lines, I know what I'm talking about people.
got yo back... 
You're right..Your downvotes aren't deserved.
Flupid Floropope.

Hmm that's a new one.
I'm trying to get into heaven, I'm not running for Jesus.
Homer, if I may compliment you. 
Yes?
That is one handsome rattlesnake.
Yea, it's quite fetching, but aren't you worried about the deadliness?
Nah he'll get tired of biting in an hour or so. Snakes, nature's quitters
That horoscope was baloney. Nothing happened except for the pickaxe in my head, the rattlesnake bite and the testicle thing.
Snakes, nature's quitters
Blupid blorobope.
I never understood why he said this...
Hope I didn't brain my damage.
How many cup holders does it have? 
I guess they're a little laxed with the $500 limit?
Wait, wait, wait, wait! Let me see if I've got this straight. It's Christmas day, 4:00 a.m., there's a rumble in my stomach--
I'm speechless.  This is so brilliant.  You've made my day, no, life, better just by knowing this exists.
Yes, you can get a pork chop!
This is the 10th race this car has been in, but it was less than $500 when purchased. 
I'm loving Bart & Lisa being in their Bubble xD
what did this monstrosity cost ?
$400 plus the rollcage, safety equipment, 10 races worth of tires, brakes, and fixes, and a whole lot of sweat. 
So $82,000?
Precisely!
Unky Herb is going to be pissed. 

Wow. Consider me impressed!

Um, Homer Simpson is a... brilliant man with lots of well thought-out, practical, ideas. He is insuring the financial security of this company for years to come. Oh yes, and his personal hygiene is above reproach.
That is fantastic.
Thanks, boy. I was waiting for someone to say that.
I want a horn here, here, and here. You can never find a horn when you're mad.
Nice!  Hope it has rack and peanut steering!
Oh man, the Bort plate.
i was like, "oh that's pretty good" ....then the BORT plate came and i lost it
And the squishee holder.
I love the quick screams:  "A.
"
......A
..................................A
Ones residential the other ones business 
Me so solly!
What were you drinking? Gasoline??., I was drinking .... 
"Well they are!" Is said emphatically by two different characters for two different reasons in this scene. 
Well they are, so make with the loofa or get out!
Take my geode!....The rock, on my desk!.......No, that's a trilobite!..........That's petrified wood!.............Bart, that's . 
"Not likely."
I would feel like a Simpson.
NOBODY! Is watching us right now!!
You mean they're not?
Na na na na na na na na .. .Na na na na na na na na .. 
And how much does this free weekend cost?
um its free
uh huh, and WHEN is this retreat?
 .  . I mean leader!
It's this weekend.
I love the more surreal/absurd moments outside of Treehouse of Horror. They're a bit far between in earlier seasons so they really hit the spot.
I upvoted because you are the angel that include the episode number in the title. 
$300? For doing nothing?.I feel like such a crook...
It gets easier every year.
"I told that Idiot to slice my sandwich!"
Holds the sandwhich up in the air in a convertible.
They cut the slicing scene out of the syndicated episode - kills me, that was the funniest part!
Ow.
really? it's aired here in australia
I don't know that it was a censorship dealy - it's common for syndicated shows to have a little bit missing (maybe 30 seconds?). I'm guessing it's so they can air more ads. I've noticed it on a lot of episodes.
yep, Otto's talking shoes are cut from the homerpalooza episode in syndication here in the States
This is true. If you watch the DVDs you'll notice many short scenes that they cut for syndicated episodes on TV.
Really? Well I've never noticed any missing part, at least I think they air them complete here in my country...

really? it's aired here in australia  ( ^_^) .Let me fix that for you (automated comment unflipper) 
Notice the guy behind him in the unemployment line is the . (modeled after George Meyer) fired for saying "proactive and paradigm are just buzzwords that dumb people use to sound important.".Also, country singer Lurleen and Mr. Burns' estranged son Larry are in line.  And, obviously, George Bush, Sr.
Jimbo was in there too i believe 

"I'm fired, aren't I?"
"Something like poochie, only more proactive!".
"YEAH!"
"Coors"
This is in my top 3 episodes. Also having such classic lines as "that's a paddlin" and "in this house we obey the laws of thermodynamics", pure hilarity. 
Hey! They're tryin to learn for free!!!
Use your phony guns as clubs!
GET EM!
Run children!!
Seymour, the children are playing in the hole again.
"Begin breaking procedure!"
And a mint for after :)
Damn, I shouldn't have eaten the mint first.
I love both of you
so you say the beer is 
Was it brewed with sparkling, fresh, mountain goat? 
I thought for sure it was going to be a picture of Surley.
Do you work there? How did you get a picture of it with the cap still on? I didn't even get to look at the bottle...
The beer is like swill to us. Am I saying that correctly? That only a swine would drink it.
Drink up! and up! and up!
I had heard that the Duff brand was basically just Heineken re-bottled... is it true?
I prefer the taste of Fudd beer, but they took it off the market after all those hillbillies went blind.
Just Hook it to my VEINS!!
Duffman's pension has been mismanaged! Oooohhhh yeah!!
Once i went to Monterrey Mexico. A buffalo wings - Bar - restaurant sell it. 
Hey! Nobody bad-mouths Duff!
At least it wasn't chewy.
Looks like it's the 
Any idea what they taste like? My buddies and I just missed the opening while we were there and I'd like to know if I missed out :/
Sounds like an inoffensive, mass-produced recipe. Maybe a Bud or even a Rolling Rock. 
I bought one of these (or an identical looking one anyway) and I quite liked it. It was slightly like Bitburger.
I had the regular Duff. I'd say it's pretty decent. It's no craft beer but it's not bad-tasting or anything. It's just beer. Which is hilarious because that's exactly what Duff is supposed to be in The Simpsons. However, the chicken and waffle sandwich at Cletus' Chicken Shack is fucking awesome.
I'm sold on the Chicken and Waffle sandwich 
Strange you didn't try Duff Zero
Here ya go, . from Sweden.
Needs more dawg.
Nah, that's Red Tick Beer.
I know
Well, then.  It's settled.  Glad we had this discussion.  :)
Mmmm...you can really taste the goat.
You didn't go for a bottle of Henry K. Duff's Private Reserve?

I put the bottle top back on for effect. 
You need that new additive that makes Duff taste super super malty 
Is this commercially available, and if so, where can I get one?.If not, I guess I need to brew my own.
I've had it before in Prague, but don't spend too much time trying to find it. It was disgusting, and marked up like crazy because they knew that only tourists bought it. 
I'm guessing it's from the new Simpsons area at Universal.
You can buy this in parts of Europe. I've seen it on sale in Spain and Italy.
I had some in Germany last month. 
I got it when I was in the canary islands, fuerta Ventura to be specific. Was dirt cheap, only 49 cents. 
Now fly! To the Canary Islands!
Hmm, there it is: Canary Islands. I'll be damned. Look at this country! U-R-Gay. Hehehe
When I was seventeen, I drank some very good beer.
I drank some very good beer I purchased with a fake ID.
My name was Brain McGee.
I stayed up listening to Queen.
When I was seventeen
Can't get enough of that won-der-ful Duff!
How about a Tuborg, the beer of Danish kings?
Was it Duff, Duff Lite, or Duff Dry? 

It was duff extra
But did you try Lady Duff, or Tartar Control Duff?
When I was little i thought Barney was saying Out of Control Duff.
Raspberry Duff?
My favorite is Duff: Extra Cold.
In a bottomless keg. When you're the DD
Of if you're Peter Pantsless
Or the prime minister of Ireland.
I perfer Duff Blue, tap in to the peppermint glacier!
You should have had a Dff.
Go! 
Or maybe add the extract that makes it extra malty. 
Never had Duff, is it anything like Fudd?
PRetty much the opposite.
That's why I only drink Red Tick beer. I heard they just added more dog.
still, though, needs more dog.
Moah dawg

Should have gone with Skittlebrau.
having actually tired this before it's a bad idea,  dropping skittles into beer gives off a mini mentos and coke reaction i was not expecting... no bueno.
Fudd? I thought they took that off the market after all those hillbillies went blind!
Duff Beer for me.Duff Beer for you.I have a Duff.You have one, too
I wanna get off
I'll have a Duff 
I am the Lizard Queen!
I, too, would like to express my fondness for that particular beer.
BOOOO!!!!
booooo-urns!
 was saying boo-urns.
You're . gay for Moleman.
No one's gay for Moleman. :(
Man never drank a Duff in his life.
Novasrc
Added you, my username is ajax91981
 .You'll find a bunch of people looking to trade names there. You can even find an "Add Me" Thread on the sub's sidebar. Cheers!
Well..

I get a lot of flack when I say that Simpson Tide is one of my favorite episodes. I think it's the most brillant of the non-canon episodes. The Starbucks jokes at the mall, the return of the Soviet Union, and everything involving Captain Tenille (including his name) is great.
Bonfire of the Manatees, That 90's Show, Lisa's Wedding and Dial "N" for Nurder are my favorites. I definitely quote them the most, too.
The Berlin Wall coming back up into place is one of my favourite moments from the entire series.
Same here! I don't think anyone didn't laugh when Lenin rises from the dead like a zombie and says "Must. Crush. Capitalism."
People cite . as one of the first times the show ran off the rails, but I always thought it was pretty good. It was a cool opportunity to look at the . of characters this show created and what a delicate balance they exist in. The scene where Skinner has no idea who Ned Flanders is, for example...really drives home that these people live in a complete universe that isn't dependent on the perspective of the Simpsons. 
The Computer wore Menace Shoes..Number 2: "Why did you think a big balloon would stop people?".Scientist: "Shut up! That's why!"
Not really a fan of the first two, but I hear a lot of people give love to that 90's show, why is that?  I thought Dial N for Nurder was a pretty good one though, Nelson as the detective was pretty great.
I think the reason so many people love That 90's Show is that there are a lot of Simpsons fans who were teens in the 90's, myself included. It's just such a nostalgia trip.
I love Selma's Choice - easily in my top 3 episodes, but it doesn't seem to rank as high on the top episodes lists.
Me too this is also in my top 3
the episode with the gummy de milo and homer's ensuing sexual harassment lawsuit
I'm sorry, we were talking about chocolate?
That was 10 minutes ago.
Season 6, episode 4 "Itchy and Scratchyland", I paused when they were getting excited about seeing a Stuckey's sign and it just froze like that.
"It smells like Otto's jacket"
Their kids will turn out to be horrible freaks with pink skin, no overbites and five fingers on each hand!
Maggie looks very scared.
Stoners
boners
I don't know the context of the scene, but what I find weird is that this was deliberately drawn by someone.
I think it is the scene where the kids find out they are going to the dentist.
Looks like you got more than you bargained for. 
Needs more black bars.
I think two is more than enough.
what episode is this from?
17x14 Bart Has Two Mommies
I'm a chipmunk, I eat nuts without saying grace!
You might want to just peruse this subreddit.
I miss his pennants. 
Mid Season!
Pfftt that's crazy Marge, get off the road!.
hey fatty, i've got a movie for ya "a fridge to far". 
Whoa, a fat sarcastic Star Trek fan! You must be a devil with the ladies.
I sleep in a racing car. Do you?.I sleep in a big bed with my wife.
old painty can Ned.
 . .I must now return to my comic book store, where I dispense the insults, rather than absorb them. 
Bart: "Wow Dad, you took a baptismal for me. How do you feel?" 
Homer: "Oh Bartholomew, I feel like St. Augustine of Hippo after his conversion by Ambrose of Milan." 
Ned Flanders: "Wait! Homer, what did you just say?" 
Homer: "I said shut your ugly face, Flanders!"
NOBODY LIKES MILHOUSE
Every time I pass something egregiously trashy I think of Patty saying: "We'll read about it in the . page."
and "Cram it with walnuts, ugly!"
Hey jerkface! You have the face of a jerk!
You're gay for Moleman!
No one's gay for Moleman :(
happy cakeday!
also, . 
why thank you
The best part about this is he never wears a watch. I don't think there's another scene where he does.
Take me out to the ball game, take me out to the ball!!
CHANGE THE CHANEL, MARGE!
.....went into outer space?.. You've never been?
An i the only one who foundation the final scene to be mean spirited? I still laughed.
That's the beauty of this episode, a character who works hard and struggles through life (like most people in real life) driven to insanity and ultimately death by homer (someone who if existed in real life would probably be hated by his coworkers for severe incompetence) yet we never really side with grimey (homer is too loveable?) and instead laugh at the quick crude cut between grimes electrocuting himself and his tombstone . 
Don't recall the episode, but I'm certain he wears and looks at a watch once in Moe's.
There is one scene where he has a watch drawn on his arm.
Mmm, put him somewhere out of the way, .!
Grimes - You? You been to outer space?  You?
Homer - Sureeee, you never been?.Oh I love The Simpsons.
Exactly, it was utterly brilliant. 
I'm Lenny
Take me out to the ball game, take me out to the Baaaaallllll!
He wears a watch when the joke requires him to wear a watch.
I upvoted ALL of this
Yeah, I figured I had missed something somewhere.
So... How you doin?
To professionalism! 
You live in a mansion, have a beautiful wife, a son that owns a factory and *sniff... LOBSTER for dinner!
Don't ask me how the economy works.
I live in a one room apartment above a . and below . bowling alley.
Wow..

Well, I don't need saftey gloves, because I'm homer simp-

I'm peeing all over the seat, but who cares? I'M HOMER SIMPSON!
Oh, Grimey...
I am homer simpson. i dont need safety gloves because
I'd say he eats more like a ..
Some kind of farm animal anyway...
I thought it was "I'm peeing all over the seat, give me a raise!"
Now im returning to work without washing my hands!
This is the correct one
Guess . will go to his mansion and eat his lobsters!
And he will travel to his mansion in the Spruce Moose. 
Oh... A 5 . ill handle this...




Hey, could you take the wheel for a second?  I have to scratch myself in two places at once.

With a MAN in the White House??

sweet, sweet candy
Just let me off here!
Dennis Franz
Homer J. Fong always cracks me up.
Hey! That's my line!
its a good thing you drifted by this brothel 
My favorite part of this episode is when Carl asks Mr. Burns for a raise and Mr. Burns goes, "Clean out your desk, you're gone!"
Well, I had a good run.
No foolin'?  I'm from North Kilttown.  Do you know Angus McCloud?
After years of disappointment with get rich quick scheme, I know Im gonna get rich with this scheme  And quick!
...Wait a minute! There has never been an Angus McCloud in North Kilttown! I bet you're not even from Scotland! 
time to crosspost to . 
if it was up to me I'd let you go.BUT THE LADS HAVE IT DIFFERENT.AND THEY'VE BEEN DRINKING ALL DAY
You can raise some emu's.
You could join your mother on her emoo farm.
Eee! I mean, ahh!
For a 22 year old man that screams like a little girl too often out of shock. I semi use this joke. (the first time I worded this it sounded like I make little girls scream and was disturbing).So far no one has got the reference but people do find it funny usually.
"stop pummeling me, it's really painful.."
The best part is when he gets right in that kids face at Krusty burger: My god your greasy
Mr Meluka.... Heelp!
Your name's Lisa? Shut up I love that name.Did she just tell me to shut up?
take it outside
Looks like the dog is ready for another squeezin'
ACH! MAH RETIREMENT GREASE!
Lunch Lady Doris, have ya got any grease?.Yes, yes we do..Than grease me up woman!.Okie dokie.
DMY
I know what that means.
Oh, I can't believe those goons muscled me out of my grease business. I've been muscled out of everything I've ever done. Including my muscle-for-hire business.
Bart:       Dad, all that bacon cost twenty-seven dollars..Homer:      Yeah, but your mom paid for that!.Bart:       But doesn't she get her money from you?.Homer:      And I get my money from grease!  What's the problem?
I see no flaws in this logic. It's perfect.
Brilliant. He got the last 'Bort' licence plate too so the gift shop is out...
This needs to be in gif form.

 is priceless.
My old man can't get a beer because his old man won't give a bear to another old man.

The answer is yes. 
He'll be back...



I thought it was a party act
DOMA IS dead
I literally watched this episode last night.  So funny.
See all that stuff in there, Homer? That's why your robot didn't work.
Linguo dead?
Linguo IS dead.
"sentence fragment" is . a sentence fragment
Shut up . face.
What's the matter with you?

Me and him are gonna whack you in the labonza!
How is this not on the front page?
Is there something cultural that's contextually relevant in this scene? I always thought it was funny but it seems to be a parody on some vintage series or movie.
Both are correct.
Our Gang was more commonly known as The Little Rascals.
I guess lil' Moe's chest is cold but his arms aren't
I can't decide if the quote from a random kid saying "Stop! Stop!! He's already dead!!!" Is from this scene but I'm not sure. Anyone have any insight?
That's from .... hands-down one of the funniest episodes ever.
Ahh yes, you're right. Thank you much!
I'd say "you bastards!" but southpark did it first.
South Park did it!
You stole my bit!
According to the guys at snpp, it's a parody of ..
My aggies!
To be fair, he did steal Moe's bit.
I always loved how they already referred to him as "the original alfalfa"
The Little Rascals...
Barney even asks Moe "You were one of the original Little Rascals?"
Were you the ugly one?
Luckily Alfalfa was an orphan owned by the studio. 
William Faulkner could write an exhaust pipe gag that would really make you think.
One of my most favorite Onion pieces.
Welp, I know what I'll be posting to every friend's facebook wall now...
Awesome!  Where'd you find this?
Big MJ fan here. Known about it for years. Comes from a . CD "acetate" which was intended for the Special Edition of MJ's "Dangerous" and was later scrapped..it leaked. fans got it. this was on it..To be honest, no one even knew he had recorded a version of the song. It was a great surprise!
Licorice whip.
This is amazing! I'd love to have a collection like this!!
Awesome! Where did they come from?
"I peed my pants!"
I run a lan/video game type business in Augusta, Ga. I sold some PC games and board games for a customer and this was in the massive amount of things she brought to me. Once I saw these I told her that I would sell everything else for her we could split the profits on the condition that I got to keep all of the Simpsons stuff that was in the lot. .I sold all of the board games and still have about 5 or 6 boxes of old PC games. The Simpsons collection is under my front counter at work. 
Ummm...carry on!
Great Milhouse moment.
which episode is this from?.i know i've seen him saying this i just can't remember context
Found a video 

You fool!  Can't you see that it's all a massive government conspiracy?  Or have they gotten to you too?
Season 6, Episode 10: Grampa vs. Sexual Inadequacy
nevermind, DerHellste's link had a citation
Ah yes, a title for the ages
Why don't people just add the subtitle?
Because not everything needs to be a "le reddit meem" macro.
Milhouse has to be my favorite character by far.
Nobody likes milhouse!

Thrillho
MOM, BART'S SWEARING

This sub needs to be more active!
: O
Why take anything away from the picture?
I never got that quote, can someone fill me in?
It's from JFK - see this clip 
It is also an allusion to The Lewis Carrol book "Through the Looking Glass" that was the sequel to "Alice in Wonderland"
Can't you see that it's all one big government conspiracy? Or have they gotten you too?
Reverse vampires!
Are those the ones that put their own blood into their unsuspecting victims?
They also can only be out during the day and can only be seen in reflections. Bats turn into them, they can only come into your house if you don't invite them in, and they have a compulsive urge to cross running water and touch crosses. 
The Rand Corporation, in conjunction with the Saucer People...
"Thank you"
and the reverse vampires
In an unholy plot to eliminate the meal of dinner!
Later that day, we set sail for America.
"We had to move out of the statue after we filled the head with garbage. The end."
this would be great if it wasn't in spanish
If you've committed a crime and want to confess, click "Yes." Otherwise, click "No"
You have clicked "No," meaning you've committed a crime but don't want to confess.
A police wagon is speeding to your home.  In the meantime, feel free to check out Springfield Police Department t-shirts.  You have the right to remain stylish

It's the non-union Mexican equivalent.
Seor Spielbergo
Are there any other Americans who remember . I think Monopoly's been at the "constant new versions" thing since the eighties, but Late for the Sky really jumped them in terms of "let's just pick shit out of the dictionary.".We still have our St Louis version!
I always thought Galip-olopoly was so much fun to say.
I need to get one of those Make Your Own Monopoly kits and make Edna Krabbappoly.
"How can an iron be a landlord?"
When was the last time you kids played .?
I feel a personal connection with this joke because I asked for Star Wars Monopoly for Christmas and got it. The houses were Millennium Falcons and the hotels were Imperial Star Destroyers. The moving pieces were pewter character figures. It was as amazing as it sounds.
Damn, your version is cooler than mine. Mine's got Tatooine farms for "settlements" and Courasant skyscrapers for "cities"
I had Pokemon Monopoly, or Pokemonopoly. The pieces were little colored-plastic Pokemon. It was also as amazing as it sounds.
Yeah, turns out I don't give a shit at all about owning Park Place or Boardwalk. But I care a very, very lot about owning places in Hoth or Cloud City.
Ohhh, the zoning disc is warped.
Ohhh, the hippo's missing.
I don't know how an ANZAC/Turkish WW1 battle got a mention on The Simpsons (other than Gallipoli rhyming with Monopoly).
Yes, I was just thinking the same thing. Quite surprised as an Aussie
I'd play the shit outta Galipolopoly. 
This ones for you, Kaiser Bill.  Special delivery from Uncle Sam and all the boys in D Company.  Yeah, Johnny, Harris, Brooklyn Bob, and Reggie.  Yeah, even Reggie.  He aint so stuck up once you get to know him

well I'd like to trust you dad but you've been in jail 3 times.edit: 3 not 6
They told me it would be like this on the outside.
Am I the only one who is confused about the third arm at the end?
It looks like the gif has been slowed down from 24 fps.
If I remember right, it's Marge's arm grabbing it from Bart. 
You are not Ganesh! Ganesh is graceful!
Edna Krabappoly?
i just realized she has Krabs.
I've been calling her Crandall! Oh, why didn't anyone tell me?! D:

I like to think that there was a really stoned writer that wrote this joke.
Rasta-Mon-Opoly fits this theory
Welcome to Moleman in the Mornings. Good Moleman to you.
edgar ALLEN poe
quote the raven, "what a shine!"
"One kid seems to LOVE the speedo-guy"

Sure!.Yeah, ok.
"Please refrain from tasting the knob." I bet that joke got big laughs in the UK
yeah ok sure why not
Did that mirror just sneeze?
It's just an old, creaky mirror. Sometimes it sounds a little like it's sneezing, or coughing, or talking softly. 
Nothing better than a good child abduction joke.
I miss that old TV. The new one doesn't feel as iconic.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, .. Let's get to the baby pictures.
[deleted]
No!
Why aren't there any pictures of Maggie?
I wish I brought a tv! Oh God how I miss tv!
WOW 
Look - KnightBoat...
Look there's a canal!
'Oooohh, every week there's a canal!'
'Or an inlet!'
'Or a fjord!'
I once read some critic talking about how they couldn't watch the TV show Bones because it reminded them too much of having the same kind of plot devices as knightboat.
Quiet, I will not hear another word against the boat!
Can anyone tell me where/when this was from?
Can we have a pool, Dad?
Is it a pool now?
yes.
T'is a fine barn but it is no pool English
D'ohith!
Ooo, the Tinkler.
There's also the 
I kind of wish they kept Roy as one of their go to characters when they need someone random. 
like Randy in Futurama
Poochie was a parody, and Roy was a joke continuation. 

Put a sock in it Roy
Good news, everybody. I'm moving into my own apartment with two sssssexy ladies!
He wasn't worthless. It may have been a desperate attempt, but he boosted low ratings. :)
(He wasn't worthless as they got a gag out of using him)
Wow, I did a search and must of missed it?
Which episode it this?
Duffless, season 4.
Homer goes 30 days without . beer
Thanks!
I had a simpsons mousepad of where they was Adam and Eve as Homer and Marge and there was the snake, but it didn't look like the snake from that bible story episode (unless it did and my mind is foggy)
"Why am I so bulgy?"
"I'm somewhere where I don't know where I am!"
Best Halloween episode!
 The shower! 
When I was seventeen ...
This is one of my favorite episodes.  Where did you get it from?
I had it made at a local copy shop. (Printed out a screenshot and brought it in.) Must have been fourteen years ago. Alas, the mouse is usually over Homer's face, but the imagery is just so fitting.
It's like... uhm... did any of you see the movie .?
Its rich in bun-ny goodness.
Do you remember when you lost your passion for this job?
Two independent thought alarms in one day. The students are overstimulated. Willie! Remove all the colored chalk from the classrooms.
I warned ye! Didn't I warn ye! That colored chalk was forged by Lucifer himself!
One of the many times where Lisa pisses me off. She can't swallow her pride for some much needed money. Granted, it would screw up the show's status quo, it still angers me
Hell, donate 90% to an ocean-related charity if you want to try to undo some of the damage.
"Code Blue!"
You wrote his noise so well! This is the official spelling from now on. 
Funny, that looks like fry...
Wow, where is this? If you don't mind me asking, it's really funny.
Downtown Naperville, IL.
If I want to find Flanders, I just need to . like Flanders!
I love how you can hear him laughing when he says "stupid sweater".
I'm just so happy to meet so many nice people...
Mom, can Lisa and I play outside -- away from the bear?
Correct quote: "Only WHO can prevent forest fires? You pressed 'you', referring to me. That is incorrect. The correct answer is 'you'!"
Awwww nuts..I mean...aw nuts.
Somethins wrong with its brakes! 
Okay, search party, before we set out, let's take a moment to humor the children.
Kids, your father's gonna be just fine! Okay, everybody, put on your corpse-handling gloves, we've got two frozen bodies buried somewhere in this mountain.
Stand back, I have powers... political powers.
Hey, did you hear something?
No...
Did I?
i dont kno!
From the  mightiest pharaoh to the lowliest peasant, who doesn't enjoy a good sit?
Why, YOU WOULD HAVE TO GET UP....This episode has so many great parts in it..Homie and Burnsie are trapped in the cabin, hiding underneath
the table..Burns: What happened?
        [snow rumbles].Homer: I think when we yelled we caused another avalanche.
        [rumble].Burns: [whispering] We should... be... careful... not... to speak...
       unless... it's... absolutely... pos-i-tively... necessary.
        [violent rumbling].Homer: Shh.  [rumble]  You're... causing... more... avalanches.
       [rumble]  I [rumble] think [rumble] they've [rumble] stopped.
        [violent rumble].Burns: Let's go.
        [violent rumble].(New scene).Homer: You know, Mr. Burns, you're the richest guy I know.  Way richer
       than Lenny..Burns: Oh yes.  But I'd trade it all for a little more..(New Scene).Smithers: There isn't any food in any of these trees.  Please, Bart,
          we've got to hurry!  I can't be the last one to reach the
          cabin..Smithers: [sputtering] It doesn't matter!.Smithers: [sighs] Twisted ank... [sputters] Aren't there any healthy
          animals in this forest?
haha i love bart digging with the pocket knife
You hear that, Lis? Dad's gonna be just fine.
Now, everybody out in your corpse handling gloves
Nah... they said there'd be sandwiches. 
Which treehouse episode?
Treehouse V from season 6. And I agree, it is the best one. Just the opening sequence of the time travel episode with Homer's hand stuck in the toaster alone is tear inducing funny.
Just relax and let the hooks do their work.
owww...
Well, my work here is done.
Does anyone want to switch seats?
Wait a minute, you didn't do anything?
Didn't I?

"Krusty wants out!!"
I'd say this vessel could do at least warp five.
And let me say, may the force be with you!
Do you even know who I am?
This story is all lies, but humorous lies, which is what we came here to see isn't it? The answer is no... Our story begins is a little town called Springfield 
A solar eclipse.The cosmic ballet continues.
hey big spender, dig this blender.
Who's Disco Stu?.It was supposed to say Disco Stud but I ran out of room.
"Stu, you should buy this!"
"Hey! Disco Stu doesn't advertise."
I'm pretty sure that episode was Disco Stu's first appearance, wasn't it?
yes.
Rainbow suspenders, hey big spender.
Disco Stu likes disco music!
Marge, you know that batting this lightbulb is the only thing that cheers me up after giving away those million-dollar greyhounds.
The first episode...brings back memorys
I forgot how strange Bart's face looks way back then.
Episode?
For those of you who didn't know: the Warden was played by actor Charles Napier, who also voiced Duke, in ..
"I'll bust you out of there as soon a I can get a cocktail dress and a crowbar!"
Should be "Marge In Chains," S4.
Thanks.
Ooohhh down I go...
Fresh!
Burn the house down!  Burn them all...
Just when you thought the episode was over, this leprechaun shows up
But then they'll smell like hot dogs...
And here's my sandbox,I'm not allowed to go on the deep end.
And that's where I saw a Leprechaun!.
He tells me to burn things!
Smithers: Mr. Simpson, are you listening?
          Simpson?!
Homer: Huh?  Yeah, I was listening.  Very funny.
Moe: Oh, you were not!  You were just eating a damn orange.
So will you be lecturing from a standardized text or using the more Socratic method of class participation
The eating of an orange is a lot like a good marriage.
...Yes, Lisa, Daddy's a teacher.
GET TO THE ORANGE ALREAADDDYYY
Sir, it's a felony to tease the order box.
Homer, that's supposed to be leather patches on a tweed
blazer, not that other way around. You've ruined a perfectly
good jacket.
NOTHING FOR ME, THANKS!  I'VE GOT A CLASS TO TEACH!
Ah, incorrect, Marge. . perfectly good jackets.
oh canada
Point of odor:  Lisa stinks.
Finland let's see that native dance!
Das Bus is my favorite episode. "What's everyone's problem? I'm glad we're stranded! It'll be just like the Swiss Family Robinson, only with more cursing! We're gonna live like kings! Damn, hell, ass kings!"
work that pelvis
And monkey butlers!
In conclusion, Libya is a land of contrast. Thank You. 
Yes sir, you American pig!
Maze
You just better have a damn good conductor..Aw I locked my keys in there...get a rock
Love this episode!
Hahaha. Mule.
I'd say this vessel could do at least warp five.
Hehe, mule.
One of my favorite episodes
Prob the best episode. ."My work here is done..."
Well, sir, there's nothing on earth Like a genuine, Bona fide, Electrified, Six-car Monorail! .What'd I say? 
I went on the monorail in Las Vegas for the first time yesterday, and sang the monorail song the entire ride.
A current day example of that episode.
 is by Conan O'Brien
North Haverbrook, where have I heard that name before?
I need friends on tapped out, add me! Johnnywithguns
I call the big one "Bitey"
I've sold Monorails to Brockway, Ogdenville, and North Haverbrook!
and by gum, it sure put them on the map!
"We're too late!"."I knew I shouldn't have stopped for that haircut."
"How Much did you see?"
Uhhhhh nothing incriminating...
Mono = One.Rail = Rail
That concludes our intensive, three-week course.
"Homer, there's a man here to help you!"
Batman?
No, he's a scientist.
Batman's a scientist
Batman's a scientist
It's not Batman!
I shouldn't have stopped for that haircut.
-''Is there a chance the tracks could bend?''
-''Not on your life my Hindu friend!''
"What about us brain-dead slobs?"
You'll be given cushy jobs!
Were you sent here by the devil?
No good sir I'm on the level 
The ring came off my pudding can. 
Take my pen knife, my good man.
but main streets still all cracked and broken.
Sorry mom, the mob has spoken.
Monorail!
I swear its Springfield's only choice, throw up your hands and raise your voice
Monorail.
Monorail!
Monoraaaaaaiiiiiillll!
We're twice as smart as the people of Shelbyville. Just tell us your idea, and we'll vote for it!
"You kids . need a babysitter!"
"Don't give me that card."
Here yo gNOOOOOO!
God, is that line delivered hilariously.
Inspired by the most logical race in the galaxy, the Vulcans, breeding will be permitted once every seven years.  For many of you, this will be much less breeding.  For me, much, much more.
Ohhh Naperville. 
What's happening? Is it noon already?
Cant we vote on a 3rd party?
Ah, went to see the little bear in the car did you?
Marge, please! I enjoy all the meats in our cultural stew!
doesn't quite translate to text...
Ohhh... A GHIME. 
I'd like to send this letter to the Prussian consulate in Siam by aeromail. Am I too late for the 4:30 autogyro?
Maybe without the old ball and chain I can really have some fun around here!
You've made a powerful enemy today, my friend 
They became the best of friends for years and years and years.
It's Countrytime! There's nothing close to a lemon in it!
Spring forth burly protector and save me!!!
Ahhh!! I never hang out with him!
Here's a tip: put a pinch of sage in your boots and all day long a spicy scent is your reward
They remained the best of friends! For years and years and years!
Team Discovery Channel!
Good Question! 
X-ray machine to full power, and action! 
Hello, is this President Clinton?  Good!  I figured if anyone knew where to get some Tang, it'd be you.
Be an astronaut? Sure!
Check with the FBI. I have a file. I have a file!
Shut up!
One of my all time fave Simpsons quotes
That line always makes me crack up
Someone finally posted this, my favorite quote (the Krusty part).
Ugh, don't put the punchline in the headline. Let the commenters have fun with it. That's the key to getting upvotes.
Are they talking about the bordello?
Here you are, Nelson!
"I haven't ever had relations."
"Ever."
I'll never look at him the same way again....
Does this mean mrs krabappel is a virgin too?
HA!
In latin American Spanish this joke was sooo wrong. He says "Sexy Ninos?!" which can be translated as Sexy Children :/
Yesterday at a Canada Day event, this drunk guy got on the mic and started swearing, after which I said Maude's line to my friend, and he replied with Krusty's.  Love when this sort of thing shows up right after.
A teacher had as many arms as Vishnu, and they were all very busy!
This is one of the best subtle callbacks in the series. It's funny on its own, but it's also a neat reference fact that Krusty is illiterate (a major point that unraveled the frame job by Sideshow Bob).
What kind of MAN wears Armour hot dogs?!
Those are hot dogs. Armour hot dogs!
Bart's teacher's name is Krabappel? I've been calling her Crandall!
Mrs. Krabappel and Principal Skinner were in the closet making babies and I saw one of the babies and the baby looked at me!
The baby looked at you?
Sarah, get me Superintendent Chalmers.
Thank you sarah
How come interviews with fictional characters are never answered true to the character?
Is that gum?  Is that gum?  Is that gum?
Bart! Leave that crowbar here. You know I don't like you prying and jimmying.
Every time I see a sprinkler I think of this.
It's the start of the summer as well! Well timed, OP
My favorite is number three.
That second gif reminds me of a 
Damn, haven't seen this meme in a while.
Wat
Was listening to dubstep and as soon as it dropped I saw this. Not disappointed one bit.
Gotta love The Simpsons!!
What an awful, generic attempt at karma whoring that was.
Alternatively, he is explaining dubstep.
does it seem so fast cause it's repeating or is this gif really fast?
Mine's the top right. 
Gettin' real tired of your shit, Van Houten...
...up yours krabbapple
Well, I'm glad the rest of you remembered that summer vacation starts at the end of the day, not the beginning.
Don't know why, but it's pretty good combined with current song from my playlist.
I use to do the sprinkler in the top right at dance parties.....
Best Simpsons gif I've ever seen
Milhouse at Praiseland.

Everything is coming up Milhouse!
Season and Episode please.
My ankles are wet but my cuffs are dry, everything's coming up millhouse
I remember I used to do the 'favorite type of sprinkler' joke.
then I realised that I was Millhouse at that moment.
Nobody should ever be Millhouse.
At least your mom thinks you're cool.
she says you're the handsomest guy at school too
I believe it's Season 7 Episode 25 : Summer of 4 ft. 2

Number one was always my favorite.
It's so satisfying to mow a lawn and then turn one of these on. So much slow and graceful coverage. 
That's an almost poetic description of a sprinkler.  That, I like.
(in southern accent) "I like that" 
I turn those on thinking, 
Gotta hand it to the animator a, they really capture the "fssssssshhh" noises of a sprinkler
Yes, i believe that's why we're here.
I was thinking this was a repost, but then I realized that I watched this episode yesterday.
I hate it when that happens. 
It's still a repost
Of a repost, of a repost, etc., etc.
4 feet  1.22 meters.*In Development | . | . *
The metric system is the tool of the devil! My car gets 40 rods to the hogshead and that's the way I likes it.
Useless bot, why don't you include the inches eh?
Or . .Oh, and uh, I sincerly hope this bot doesn't catch on. I've Wolfram Alpha if I need it.
I thought I'd been seeing it for ages, turns out its only a month old. I guess it's fine if somebody posts a huge explanation in a sub like . using all imperial units, but I don't see why it should scour places like ..
Pfft, it can't even tell you if entropy can be reversed.
seeing all these at once in fast motion is too much for my humour gland to take. still my favourite episode after all these years..oh yeah, obligatory quote: SCHOOL'S OUT! UP YOURS, KRABAPPEL!
Why am I hearing dubstep?
 
Never put her last name together with the obvious joke until you spelled it out... A bit ashamed of myself now.
Well at least the rest of you remembered that summer begins at the END of the day,  not the beginning.
Ah, Milhouse...the dud.
He looks just like you poindexter!
In French, because we pronounce "Miloose" and not "Mil-House", they translated the joke to "Milooser" which is actually not that bad. .Just so you know. 

"..".That's how the suddenly Hispanic waiter replied in French. And it was way less funny than "chowder"..Just so you know.
Stand up for yourself, Poindexter!
I /love/ Homer's slowly revealing face when he relises Milhouse looks loke the "dud".
 .shows milhouse the card
That's my favorite homer face of all time.
Post it?
It's so hard to pick, but it is up there as one of my favorite Simpsons jokes. 


Source?

Amazing, thanks.
It's the last day of school, Milhouse...try to go out with a little bit of dignity.
 
well duh!
LaaAAAaAaaane
Awesome gif, but I wish the gumdrop house bit was included as well. Classic stuff!
Pet shop, eh? Well, I have one thing to say about that. What kind of pet shop is filled with rambunctious yahoos and hot jazz music at 1:00 in the morning?
Pervert!

Oh Boy, that sounded bad...
The...best...damn pet shop in town!
Those gears down there really hurt.
Simpson, this is the best RV you're ever going to own and I don't mean that in a a good way. I mean, it's this or a cardboard box.
You all have stood in my way long enough! I'm going to clown college!
Yes, Homie? Do do dodododo do do.
I don't think any of us expected him to say that.
Clown College... You can't eat that
New billboard day!
This year, give her english muffins
I can hear the music in my head...
And he's a Blackhawks fan (at least in Illinois).
IT'S WHISPER QUIET
You mean he goes under the school after a science fair accident to play funk-opera. 
That hat was only one day from retirement.
Nothin' beats the hobo life/stabbin' people with my hobo kniiiiife.
 folks

One of my favourite endings is where Joe Namath is smiling and then looks spooked for a split second right before the episode ends. 
My car broke down.
It's vapor lock!
I'm Joe Namath 
There's only one thing you need to know to be a great quarterback.
You know, we had a lot of fun tonight. But, theres
nothing funny about... vapor lock. Its the third most common cause of
stalling. So please, take care of your car and get it checked.
Actually, I think he says "the Ny-Mets"
Apu's Americanized accent made me laugh all week back in the day! YouTube here I come
Yep. What we have here is another case of the title completely killing the actual joke.
I like the way Snrub thinks.
Who needs the infinite compassion of Ganesha, when I've got Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman staring at me from Entertainment Weekly with THE DEAD EYES! 

This has always been mine and my sisters favourite Simpsons line ever. I still can't control my laughter today!
Didn't know so many people liked this line!!! Still makes me crack up
Moleman's gay for no one. His groin still hurts because it got hit by a football. 
Drinking has ruined molemans life. He's 31 years old!
 was gay for Moleman.
Yes, colonel.
"Im Hugh Jass..."
Uh... Hi look mr, this is sort of a prank call that's backfired, and I'd like to back out now...
"Alright, better luck next time. What a nice young man."
Hahahhahahahhahahhaha
Hired goons?
Smithers, I'm beginning to think that Homer Simpson was not the brilliant tactician I thought he was.
What episode?
Homer's Barbershop Quartet, s05e01. 
It's hard not to spot. There are five people in the frame. 
I like how Apu is substituted for George Harrison, who was really big on Indian Transcendental Meditation and Raga music.
You beat Dexy's Midnight Runners!.Well, you haven't heard the last of them.
The response here was much better than . 
I saw the other post too; it just seems people here are too busy posting quotes too get up in a dander about the wording of the title
Golly, even the control board is perfectly placed....Little in-jokes/references like this is really what makes The Simpsons the greatest cartoon ever....seasons 1-8 have so much depth to them.who did they think would actually notice the FREE A-bomb reference, Nam era flamethrower, or some Springfieldian getting rid of their Dead tix in 93 before the advent of Tivo/DVR.... 
Oh my god ! Tramapoline!  Trampopoline!
So this inspired me to go watch the episode, and for all the attention to detail, . happens at 6:01, but they don't decide on the name until ...Also why are they driving back through the desert, 12 miles from a gas station, from the Springfield Swap Meet?!.And yet, still one of my favorite episodes.
I really hope somebody got fired for that blunder.
Notice that Apu stands in for Harrison, who was also a Hindu. Attention to detail is right.
I just came to say that I never noticed that before, very clever.
I will have a single plum, floating in perfume, served in a man's hat.
That is a top quality gag. The way moe just whips it out from under the bar.
Wow!  Thanks mister I... Oh, its just a Grammy...
Hey! Don't throw your trash down here!
number 8.BURP.number 8 .BURP.number 8.BURP
Barber Shop is in danger of becoming stale. We're taking it to strange new levels.
I think they're the Be-Sharps because people pronounce Beatles, Be-Dulls. 
It's because B# isn't a note.
B# is a note; it's the leading note of C# major scale. .Nothing will ever be written in the key of B# maj/min because it's enharmonically easier as C. 
I knew it was something like that, my music education ended at the recorder.
It seems clever at first, but then gets less funny every time you hear it.
The Be-Sharps!...
stupid flanders!
Like you know, whatever 
ewwwww mt dew
oh yuck...i'll take the crab juice.
I would upvote this in september
I present to you, ..
found a recipe of this Armenian deli 
That sounds like a super tasty treat
Oh wow, it actually exists!
what in heaven's name is wether meat?
A castrated male sheep is called a wether (I had to Google this as well)
I don't know whether the wether Is meat or not. 
It depends on atmospheric conditions, I would imagine.
I think it looks a tad more appetizing on the Simpsons...
Goodnight Barney, don't forget to bring back my car back tomorrow.     .Just slide it under the door.
Please wait by your vehicle for Parking Officer Steve [Grabowski] 
You will be assessed the full fine, plus a small [large lateness fee].
S09E01, right?.Can we come back to New York another day, Dad?.We'll see kids... . We'll see...
Correct: Season 9, Episode 1 - The City of New York v. Homer Simpson.  Classic

I hated how in that episode Homer was so cool about going to NY, even though the past two times were horrible for him. 
[deleted]
That pertains to some meta shit, this pertains to character development, strong beliefs, and traits. 
Homer becomes more stupid every year
...that's not a question, professor.
What is the real deal with Mr. Burns' assistant Smithers? You know what I'm talking about.
They stopped airing this episode after 9/11 because it has the twin towers.  
Is this true?  I always wondered.  It was a great episode.  Classic. 
If you stop watching Simpsons episodes after 9/11 then the terrorists have won.  Fire up those DVDs, patriot
I saw it a couple times after 9/11.... I don't know how accurate this info is.
I didn't see it for years after 9/11(and I watched every episode I could for these years), but eventually it crept back into rotation. So yes, they didn't air it for a long time, however, it could also be that different markets didn't think to take it out.
They play it on one of the local channels every few months. I remember watching a few weeks ago since its one of my favorites.
I think I have too.
This episode and the Springfield files are the ones I rarely ever saw on television.
They still air it, but they've cut out the bathroom scene :(
They stopped playing this and the boy band episode for a few years because they involved the towers. They went back into rotation now though 
Are you talking about when Bart and some of the other guys make that boy band (Join the Navy)? When do they have the towers in that episode?
The Statue of Liberty? Where are we?
the boy band episode is already 12 years old? o.O
YOU ARE OLD.
They stick all the jerks in tower b. 
That's it! I'm coming over there!
Shut up the both of ya!
They took it out of the rotation here in the UK on both Sky One and the BBC for a while, but it's been back for years now. .To be honest, I think it would be much worse to pretend that the towers never existed.
The BBC has The Simpsons? Do you mean Channel 4?
BBC had it back in the days.
No, I mean the BBC who had The Simpsons rights before Channel 4 and then got outbid when the contract came up for renewal.
Good thing too. Channel 4 got all the shit ones, whereas the BBC had the classics. Best childhood.
Channel 4 still get to repeat the classics.
It's like some Voldemort bullshit. buildings-who-shall-not-be-named
You got a men's room in there?
Only Khlav kalash.
I love the face the dude makes when Homer asks if he has a bathroom.
Mens room in tower. Tower!
Observation Dekhhh.
Mountain Dew or crab juice!
Ugh, crab juice!
"ugh, yuck! crab juice, please."
Why did I drink all that crab juice?
Mmmmm flushing meadows...
No bowl; stick, stick!
My Homer is not a Communist. He may be a liar, a pig, an idiot, a Communist, but he is not a porn star!
I told Dad that picture would come back to haunt him.
Still have it sitting in the bathroom of my parents house
Omg I still have my copy of this, gotta dig it up when I get home :D Such a fun read.
i still call them over the shoulder boulder holders..loved this book.  in middle school my puppy chewed it up, got another copy.  no idea where it is now.
Best book
oh god, yes!
Do you know who actually wrote this? Because there was an awful lot of content for what seems like a sort of throwaway TV show tie-in.
because of this post I'm going to dig up my old copy when I get home
I loved this book! I loved the breakfast cereal bit "I Can't believe it's only 97% sugar!"
I can attribute my slightly higher than average knowledge of phobia names to this book. 
I leave my copy on top of the toilet. It kills a lot of time. 
I have a David Silverman signed copy!! Never saw another copy until now
Never owned this, but must have checked it out of the library every other week..Last night, I was playing The Simpsons arcade game with all four characters. 'Twas fun.
I remember borrowing this from my cousin years ago and forgetting to give it back, every time I do a bit of cleaning up I'll find it again and have a read, now it's unofficially passed to my brother. .The best thing was how detailed it was, I've read it multiple times and don't think I've caught every joke. 
I carried that book with me every day from 7th grade until I graduated high school. Never let me down. I loved how the "answer to life" references leading you to different pages never lead you to the actual answer hahaha.
[deleted]
My copy is falling apart, it's so well-loved! I still have some of the foreign translations for Bart's sayings memorized! You'd better not be "electric"!
I got this when I was 8 (and promptly drew all over it!).Must dig it out again... :3
Oh man this book! So good. Fished my copy out, haven't read it in years. This, the Homer Book, and the Simpsons Family album are my favourites.
Whats with the blue shirt?
he has a blue shirt in the comic books for some reason
Had no idea that existed!
I USED TO OWN THIS. And like so many of my beloved possessions, it has since vanished. Sigh. Now I've made myself sad.
I GOT A FREE COPY OF THIS BOOK TODAY! Most of the pages are missing though, and I was really hoping to have it for my son.
According to the book there are eleven contributing writers.
The part on cheating gave me some good idea's as a kid...
Still . for anyone looking.
I remember being about 11 years old and thinking spending ten bucks on a book was outrageous. Bought it anyway and my new dog chewed the shit out of the cover. Little bitch. Still have the book somewhere though.
Yes!  I found this randomly at I think a Borders when I was a kid, and I think it was literally my introduction to the concept of an expanded universe.  I went back to the same place and found a few trades of the Bongo Simpsons comics and was out of my mind.
I read this book so much as a kid it fell apart!
The spine of mine broke years and I lost most of the pages. 
I got a copy of this from a book sale last year. Gonna have to pull it out and flip through it again!
I used to have a copy of this book if I could find another copy I think my life would be complete :D
Want to know the meaning of life? Please turn to page 134.
*144
What is the answer?
There never was an answer. Each page took you to a new page in an endless loop. 
Life is a journey, not a destination.

Fuck yeah

Best thing ever. Thanks!
I love you.
awesome!
One of my favourite lines in the entire show
Flanders: Huh, I guess that's why they call them rapids and not slow-pids...Bart: .Homer: You are not my son.
He'll be back
Heeeeeere fishy fishy fishy...
Don't you know the poem?  "Water, water, everywhere, so let's all have a drink."
"If it's brown, choke it down. If it's black, send it back."
Leaves of 3, let it be. Leaves of 4 eat some more!!
...my poo is a funny color....
That's nightlock!
And every night the monkey butlers will regale us with jungle stories
Go Banana!
How do the berries taste, Ralph?
I'm so hungry I could eat at Arby's.... 
Wow... she really is hungry.
...and eventually they were rescued by, oh, let's say...Moe.
It tastes like....burning...
The original 7 proxy joke. 
I heard an even wussier kid has an even bigger pool!
What is the song he sings at the end of this episode when his own pool has collapsed, and he's bare-assed in his yard while the sun's setting?
OOOO the tinkler...
'Ti's a fine barn, but sure it is no pool English.
D'oeth!
Forty whacks with a wet noodle, Bart!
Oh no, that scary-lookin' kid is coming to get me!.HELP! HELP! . THUD
The summer wind....comes drifting in...from across the sea....no idea of the name, google those lyrics you'll probably find it

[deleted]
Dude, Buzz has it an even wussier kid has an even better pool than this!
Just answering the thread.
This reminds me of every attempt I've ever made at posting on Reddit
Pool Sharks: Where the buyer is our chum.
Look, Question Lady. This job is not what I really do, okay, I play keyboards.
Hello, Mrs Cumberdale
Let us celebrate our agreement with the adding of chocolate to milk.
'Tis a fine barn, but 'tis no pool, English.
D'OH-ITH!!
Your epidermis is showing 
You see, the epidermis is actually the hair, so technically it's true. 
Excuse me..HA HA!
Knowing this was wrong as a kid made me feel so smrt. 
So long, Lis, I'm going to stow away under water and go where the pool goes. Have a good life!
Now . be queen of summertime...  uh, king, KING!
My favorite Martin line ever! The awkward way the pool builders look at him and each other is fantastic.
MILPOOL___
I brought this upon myself ... 
The summer wind...is blowing in....
In a strange way, that scene always struck me as one of the most sentimental and poignant in the whole series. It's right up there with "DO IT FOR HER" and Homer and Marge riding a bike off into the sunset singing "Raindrops are Falling on my Head".
Only with an hilarious bare ass.
I'm seeing double! Four Krustys!
The best sign:

Much Ado about Muffins will always make me laugh 
Springfield Sperm Bank:  Put your sperm in our hands.
Ok, 100 yellow.
my favorite is Springfield Heights Institute of Technology, because of the school's acronym.
What episode is this from?.Off the top of my head, my favourites are Stoner's Pot Palace and Hairy Shearers.
I love Sneeds. Nice little 'got past the censors moment' there
I've always been a fan of Donner's Party Supplies, especially their winter madness sale.
I think my favorite was painful memories party supplies, although I can't recall the episode.
Brilliant.

 was always my favourite.
The past tense of tried made the sign...
Such desparation. 
what does Burns call Smithers right before they both collapse "you wretched shirkaday?"
Which episode is this from?
Looks like the spider caught himself a couple of flies 
22 Short Films ... Not the entire title but I know those words are in there. 
22 Short Films About Springfield
Season 7 episode 21
The neck bones connected to my wristwatch
Uh oh.

Some folk'll never lose a toe
But then again, done folk'll
Like Cletus the slack jawed Yokel
I can call my maw from up here! .Hey maw! Get off the dang roof!
Calm down sir or you're going to give yourself skin failure. 
the most rewarding part is when they give me the money
Smithers, what's the meaning of this slacking off?
I'm allergic to bee stings, they cause me to uh.. die..
(P.S happy cake day!)
And now for my all-time favorite Mr. Burns quote:
Genius. Fucking brilliant writing.
Do you know it from memory or did you google it?
Oh, I don't think I'd ever be able to remember it completely in sequence.
Do it, learn it, and impress everyone with your Simpson fan-skills.
"Not likely."
My names Mr plow and I'm here to say, im the rockingest guy in the usa.
I got a big plow and I move a lot of things so grab your cow if you have one
Please promise us you'll never do that again. 
...ok :(
Yeah, he was a great dog...

I wish we could have heard this dialogue when it happened..Milhouse:  Hey!  Where's my goldfish?.Bart:  What goldfish?  You never had any goldfish.
Remember that time Santa's Little Helper ate my goldfish and you said I didn't haaave any goldfish??
Which episode is this?
Krusty Gets Kancelled - Season 4 finale 
I love that they both have pipes but Bart's blows bubbles.
I still want a God-damn bubble pipe thanks to this episode. 

Can I call you Hef?
No.
Smart bunnies...
I wish, I . that this was a reality. It would enhance the awesomeness of the Playboy ideology so much.
For a second, with just the title, I thought this was a . post.  And I immediately thought, "Whut? The Simpsons joke is actually true!".Just sharing. Carry on.
Desalinization plant?
The grotto uses so much water, the Bunnies felt we should go this way.
Smart bunnies Heff... I can call you Heff right?
No.
DOCTORB
Why, if it isn't my old friend, Mr. McGreg! With a leg for an arm and an arm for a leg
You've tried the best, now try the rest!
Mark Hamill is one of my favorite voice actors.Hey, wait a minute...your ankle was sprained!.oh yeah...see, the thing about that is... 
Shut up you stupid nerds, he's trying to save you money on long distance calls!
Hey! I thought you twisted your ankle.
 

Hey pal, that's my face up there next to the pepper steak and don't you forget it!
and IIIIIIIII-EEEEE-IIIIII WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOOOU-HOOOO-HOOOO
"You're all talk, Hamill! You never even finished Jedi school!"
And what's the best way to achieve peace? 
Could you please stop calling me Mr. Moe?
There he is, on the monkey bars... try to take him alive.
Okay, I've never told anyone this but when I watched this scene as a kid, I peed my pants. 
Is it reference to "The Third Man" movie?
WAAAAAAAaaaa......my glasses!
What do you mean the bank's out of money??
Well we'll show him especially for that purple monkey dishwasher remark!
"Honk if you like cookies"
Now hold on a second! I haven't got your money, it's at Bill's house, and Fred's house!
What are you doing with my money in your house Fred?!
IMO the funniest part is that they had the Ant Overlord graphic ready.
...and I'd like to remind them that as trusted TV personality I can help recruit others to work in their underground sugar mines...
Hail Ants
We put the spring in Springfield
Perfectly level flying is the supreme challenge of the scale model pilot.
We re the lace on the nightgown... The point after touchdown!
I'm an entrepreneuse!
heyy! no fair you did me twice
It's Chowder! CHOWDER! I'll kill you! I'll kill all of you! Especially those of you in the jury!
Shau-dere?  It's "chowder".  Say it right!
...Chaudair.
it's chow-dah! 
Wait, is that a subtle Tom and Jerry reference?
Oh, good. My laundry is done.
I know you can read my thoughts, Boy. Meow-Meow-Meow-Meow-Meow-Meow-Meow-Meow-Meow...
Not enough "meows" 
I love this character.."Sorry, Donkey Kong, you're just not a draw anymore."
probably the most underrated Simpsons character
One of mine too!."Whoa! Careful there, Annie Oakley".and later in that same episode, in response to Homer's threats:."Yeah, well you don't"
"Why don't you invent yourself some underpants"
he's still got it
This has gotta be in DC
Right you are. The ultimate, "Capital City." 
"There's a little place I know called, Capital City..."
None at all. I tune in every so often just to see if maybe i can get a chuckle, but I just wind up being disappointed by how bad the show is now. If you really want to see how bad it is, watch the Lady Gaga episode.
Sadly none and I've watched until season 23. But if you really want to see bad, you should see this season's bug episode. *Cringes
How I Spent My Strummer Vacation - The Rolling Stones ep is the only good episode past season 9
I got two minutes into this episode and gave up. I'll pretend this doesn't exist
I will say that The Saga of Carl Carlson (Season 24) was good, but maybe that's just due to my Icelandic affinity.
I've personally enjoyed "To Cur, with Love" RABF01 Season 24 Episode 8 which I thought was well done..I also enjoyed "Holidays of Future Passed" NABF18 Season 23 Episode 9..I understand that there is a large portion of the Simpsons fan base which has been disappointed by the later seasons, but I take them as they come.
Smoke Yourself Thin!
Bart's Inner Child
Season 5 Episode 7
Well just about any Milhouse Meme:."Then why did I have the bowl Bart? Why did I have the bowl?"."We're through the looking glass people"."Uh, I think I lost my glasses in your pool."."Hey, they're working! My feet are soaked, but my cuffs are bone dry! Everything's comin' up Milhouse!".I also liked:."The disclaimers make me want to do it more."
When are they gonna get to the fireworks factory?
"Remember Alf? He's back! In POG form."
"When she sees you'll do anything she says, she's bound to respect you."
Sure!  What's a big sister for?
Tennis the Menace
Season 12 Episode 8
Skinner's Sense Of Snow
Season 12 Episode 8
"Nibbles! Chew through my ball sack!"
I just wish jasper johns hadn't stolen my boat
That's it... I can't work under these conditions!
Call the weekend guy!
This is clearly the wrong footage.
Lisa the Vegetarian
Season 7 Episode 5
Haha this is definitely one if my favorite jump cuts 
I'm so terribly sorry, sir.  It appears that your tiger has been sent to St. Louis.
What's the deal with that dot?
I think that's every airline's motto. Including the ones that don't hold cows sacred.
You didn't need to spell out the punchline. 
Didn't I Lisa? Didn't I?
I should send YOU to St. Louis!
no no, he's not worth it!
I like how long they hesistate before picking the only white tiger on the chart as though they aren't certain.
TreeHouse of Horror III "Dial 'Z' For Zombies"
Season 4 Episode 5
While not exactly subtle, I was always fond of the Krusty Komedy Klassic.
"live from the Apollo Theater...wha?  Ugh..that's no good!"
oh wow, I've been watching The Simpsons for over 20 years and never noticed this! 
My favorite Simpsons acronym is Police Chief Wiggum's PB+J acronym, for remote surveillance... "Peer at the screen, Be Judgmental, and Jot it down"
Reminds me of "Accepted".We're shit heads!
Another case of "Simpsons did it."
Think you can get this car home?
Though, uh... Shalt not... Argh! 
Hey, I think I see princess Di!
Oh wait, it's just a pile of rags. :/
"Uh... Thou shalt not... Oh, the hell with it.".(Throws a rock at the spider's head.)
What is the first (incorrect) song that comes on when he puts the tape in?
WATERLOO! I was defeated, you won the war.
WATERLOO! Promise to love you forevermore..Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Can someone explain the reference?
This otherwise one-off gag.
Seriously, great find. 
SEE YOU IN HELL, CANDY BOYS! 
. Homer suggests nuts and gum as an example of how everyone listens to a white male, no matter how dumb his idea is.
Homer Badman
Season 6 Episode 9
 common..However, just because they're common doesn't make them obvious. This is a great find!.Now, of course, I can't think of many others. Poochie is referened ., but it's usually not this hidden..However, since I've been rewatching the whole series, I've noticed that Lenny getting things in his eyes is a much bigger running gag than I realized.
i remember the Springy,  the Springfield spring .Moe: "Don't pull, i said DON'T pull!".there was another time when Lenny got something in his eye, and he says "Ow my doctor says I'm not supposed to get (item) in my eye!" i cant remember what the item was
It's now a running gag.  Lenny is constantly getting things he shouldn't in his eye.  There was a post about it here a while ago.
it's a little late for lenny
"Ahhh! My glass eye! My doctor said I'm not supposed to get pudding in it!"
Thank you, that was it
No wonder Smithers made me head bee guy
The bee bit my bottom! Now my bottoms big!!
Homer Goes to College
Season 5 Episode 3
The Canine Mutiny
Season 8 Episode 20
I ate his face, I ate his guts, and I ate the way he's always barkin'!
I also 'ate the mess he left on me rug!.Ya heard me!
I called him Tony Randall, he called me Greenhorn.  It was a thing we had.
Maximum Homerdrive
Season 10 Episode 17
Not even near the end when he's a bitter old man?
Fonza's jacket!
Guess Who's Coming to Criticize Dinner?
Season 11 Episode 3
Smithers disagrees: 
Geeze it still makes me laugh
you were out gallivanting with that floooozy of a bigger brother of yours!!
There's Jerry the cowboy...
and that Big Dipper lookin' thing.... is Alan... the cowboy.
Oh, Papa Homer - you are so learned.
Haven't you? Haven't you?! LOOK AT ME!!
Brother from the Same Planet
Season 4 Episode 14
Gallavating. I need to work that word into more conversations. 
peppi
Heh heh heh. Lernd', son. It's pronounced lernd
Wrong subreddit?
Men want to be him, women think they can change him.
Old Yeller Belly
Season 14 Episode 19
He's gone from predator to partier! 
Dead Putting Society
Season 2 Episode 6
( I suck at this, I'm sorry to everyone)
Nope. Dead Putting Society. Season 2 Episode 6.
I'm so sorry.
You're doing a good job otherwise :)
Please, don't bring home any more old crutches!
Poor Moleman...every god damn time.
Bart's Inner Child
Season 5 episode 7
Hey Krusty I'm here to retur-.You just keep right on driving.
tramampoline! trambopoline!
This is my text tone.
He said what now?
Please Homer! Don't bring home anymore soiled mattresses!
Old crutches.
Now let's forget our troubles with a big bowl of strawberry ice cream!
My Spidey Sense is tingling! Anybody call for a webslinger!
Lisa vs. Malibu Stacy
Season 5 Episode 14
Right on, say it sister!
I made mine into a dff and hung it on the wall
Uh-oh, we've drawn Judge Snyder...
"Well, he's kind of had it in for me ever since I accidentally ran over his dog..."
"A thousand dollars?! But your ad says .!" 
mannnnnnnn, my knowledge is failing me right now. Can anyone help me with the episode?
Team Homer - S7ep12.:)

[deleted]

Marge's face is priceless.
Oh Pop n Fresh. I owe my robust physic to your tubes of glutenous glob. 
Team Homer
Season 7 Episode 12
I'm sick of being a wannabe league bowler.  I want to be a league bowler!
"I don't care if it takes me all night, i'm getting that lobster harmonica. Ccccccc'mon Lobsty....."
I love that sound.
What kind of man wears armor hot dogs?
Homer looks fucking hilarious in this still.
Skinner!  Why aren't these uniforms colorfast?!.I don't understand it.  I got them at the same place I buy Mother's dresses, and -- Good Lord!  Mother's in the park! [runs].Now this, I gotta see!
Tag:  now you are the one who is it..Understood...
Well Seymour, I must say for once, I am impressed. In fact, I'm going to give this school a perfect 10. I'll just write the zero first... now, a vertical line to indicate the one
Ha... Ho?
We're not wieners!
in the German version he calls them "millitant kids"(militanten Kinder) because they're wearing uniforms. We have history with dressing children in uniforms... 
No schnitzle kinder?  (I don't speak German)
what has a  Schnitzel to with this? (Other than it was inveted by a cook for Austrian nobelity?)
Isn't it some sort of wiener? I dunno, I'm not so good at this.
Mein bratwurst has a first name, It's F-R-I-T-Z, Mein bratwurst has a second name, It's S-C-H-N-A-C-K-E-N-P-F-E-F-F-E-R-H-A-U-S-E-N..(Sorry, couldn't help it). 
Then what are you dressed like that for?!

OH THEY MADE US!
that's loser talk!
You gotta start acting more like me and my team, the future champions of the world!
Hate to be that guy, but you left out the part that made it funny.
It's all good. You've gotta surf the subreddit more, people are leaving out words all the time. Drives me nuts. Can't believe I missed that! 
A Simpsons quote bot would be the epitome of technology.
Don't praise the machine...
Yeah, I really wish snpp was more accurate with their quotes too.
Named after Martin's robot CHUM (short for "Childlike Humanoid Urban Muchacho") !

That team sure did suck last night. I mean, they just plain sucked. I've seen teams suck before, but they were the suckiest bunch of sucks that ever sucked.
I quote this on an almost daily basis!!
A Milhouse Divided
Season 8 Episode 6
Treehouse of Horror II "Lisa's Nightmare"
Season 3 Episode 7
I didn't catch this in the episode. Good one!
Same with all the other voice actors besides Yeardly Smith.
I gotta admit. I cracked up a harder than anyjuan should.
Bart Gets an Elephant
Season 5 Episode 17
Scenes like this are always amusing to me because they were cut out of the syndicated show so I'm usually quasi-unfamiliar with them..It's fun to try to guess the season based entirely on the frame art though in this case the elephant is a decent giveaway.
I, too, browse Buzzfeed. 
so sad I couldn't find it in English but youtube has the . of that scene. I can watch those scene 1000 times and still laugh...
He's grooming me!
Mmmmm elephant fresh

I was going to post that same thing!
I love the scene in "$pringfield" where Robert Goulet sings this
... the Joker ran awa- GAHK
Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire
Season 1 Episode 1
Perhaps you have a bee in your bonnet.
Homer and Apu
Season 5 Episode 13
I love this influx of great screen caps. Keep em coming!
Even I know this is a constant repost, and yet.....
....UP VOTE! 
Thanks to r/simpsons, I threw a dvd in and saw this episode. Immediately thought that was a good line for reddit and then BAM! Synchronicity
I wouldn't be suprised if people tried to make this a thing ont he Internet.
Preset kill limit not set. 
Don't worry about it, pretty soon they will only have to build and maintain robots in space or on top of very tall mountains anyway.
It was a sad day for Kill-bots. .Well, we can always build more Kill-bots! 
A Sad day for Robotkind*
Homer Loves Flanders
Season 5 Episode 16
So are you the new official "What Episode was that from?" guy? Because sir, I like your style.
I just keep seeing people asking "what episode is this from?" So thought I would help out.
The Itchy & Scratchy & Poochie Show
Season 8 Episode 14
At least I liked it...didn't I?
"Oh, you don't want to know what I really think. Now look sad and say 'D'oh..'"
UGH!! That sucked!!
we must find the ingredients to this drink . its not the original but i want to know how it tastes 
It is not purple, and seams to be missing cough syrup. Is Aerosmith drinking in the corner as well?
It tasted like orange soda. I was disappointed. The lack of alcohol was saddening too. 
And happiness is just a Flaming Moe away......
Love it I'm pretty sure I need one of these while Aerosmith plays young lust!
Where and how!
Universal studios The Simpsons Theme Park (Springfield recreated).Ninja Edit: btw, happy cake day!
Orlando??? Cause I'm an hour away
Yes, they just opened up bits and pieces of Springfield. They're opening it slowly but almost everything is open. 
Believe so
I can't believe they made it non-alcoholic. So disappointing. 
They did make their own Duff beers though. There's a light, medium, and dark version of it. Also, I've heard the Krusty Burger is disgustingly wonderful. 
No Raspberry Duff?
Not that I've seen. But I'm sure they'll work on it if its asked for enough. 
I'm looking forward to trying that. There's a Duff beer that's been around in Europe for a while, but it's pretty terrible. I have hopes that the new Duff will be better. :)
in the title, you said it was yummy.
It was yummy as I enjoy orange soda! I just was expecting it to be similar to what is seen in the show. 
So it was not flaming, either? 
They put dry ice in it, the picture doesn't capture that very well. So no it isn't flaming but it smokes for a while haha
Sorry for delay...been on vaca. But that pic is AWESOME! May I ask location?? My fam and I are huge Simpson's fans and this would justify a trip to see and taste!
Flaming Meaux
Mmmmm Barney's movie had heart.....but football in the groin had a football in the groin.
ARR! MAH GROIN!
A Star Is Burns
Season 6 Episode 18
This contest is over, give that man the $10,000.
This isn't America's funniest home videos homer...
I just watched this episode yesterday. Great stuff!
Interestingly, a calendar from 1985 is valid for 2013.
What's the point of all this cleaning? Are we so vain?!
Bart Gets an Elephant
Season 5 Episode 17
Pyle!.Shazam!
Stop remembering TV and get back to work!
Well I'll be damned.
This is awesome.
Hell yeah!  . are among my favorite Simpsons episodes. 
Newyork, Newyork!
Mmmmmm...you can really taste the chutney!
Not Floyd?
No it's frampton's. He bought it at a pink Floyd garage sale if you recall
Oh great. Homer Simpson wrecks my pig, and now Sonic Youth are in my cooler.
You know, I'm here today as Luke Skywalker, but I'm also here to talk about Sprint. As you can see here, you stand up to save up to seventeen cents a month over the more dependable providers.
Mayored to the Mob
Season 10 Episode 9 
Still true today. :(
Don't you forget whose picture is up there next to the pepper steak!
eeeehhhh TALK ABOUT STAR WARS!!!
Uh, and do it for Chewie, and the Ewoks, and all the other puppets ...
You idiots! He's trying to save you money on long distance! 
Do it for Yoda while we serve our guests a soda!
This'd make a great poster.
Definitely one of my all time favorite Simpsons moments right here. Classic. 
Homer Badman
Season 6 Episode 9
Homer, that's your solution to everything- to move under the sea! It's not gonna happen!
Not with that attitude. 
Lost Our Lisa
Season 9 Episode 24
You said to crush him, right?
No!
Are you sure you don't want to see a doctor, Dad? I mean...a drawbridge . close on your head...
I'm Spelling as Fast as I Can
Season 14 Episode 12
Can I put your baby in my coffee?
Shamu looks mildly irritated.
DIE-."YARGH".DIET.."YARGH"
I miss when Moe used to be involved in weird crimes like this and not...constantly contemplating suicide.
The Springfield Files
Season 8 Episode 10
Everytime I hear the whale sound in that episode I can't help but bust up laughing.
Who would have thought a whale could be so heavy?
Cheese it! The Feds!
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOO WOOOOOOOOOOO
Radioactive Man
Season 7 Episode 2
When I was a kid I'd always see great inventions on the simpsons and pray they'd be invented in real life. I'm still waiting for my Jacuzzi suit. 

's a modern-day advertisement for them.
I always thought that looked so so relaxing 
You're welcome
Sounds like a cromulent word to me.
Its in Revelations people!!!
I don't say "evasion," I say "avoision."

Why did Mr. Smith kill everybody?
what ep is this?
Beyond Blunderdome
Season 11 Episode 1
You want me to replace the villain with a dog?  I mean nobody will know what's going on.
Woop Woop Woop!
happy birthday mr. president
They . if you set up that the dog is evil. . Everyone will suspect the dog.
It's hell being Mel.
Beyond blunderdome, season 11
Lisa vs. Malibu Stacy
Season 5 Episode 14
Hello. Smithers. You're quite .. at. turning me ..
Um, you probably should ignore that.
And we can't watch Fox because they own those chemical weapon plants in Syria.
We're here! We're queer! We don't want anymore bears!
Hey, that's a pretty catchy chant. Where did you hear it?
Also Springfield galoshes.
It's been 4,000 days since my last drink. It was my first -- and last -- blackberry schnapps
My name is Otto and I looovve to get blotto!
I CAST THEE OUT!
Duffless
Season 4 Episode 16
Ann Landers is a boring old bitty!
I was more animal then human!!
Duffless
Season 4 Episode 16
No! Mr. Simpson, don't take your anger out on me. Get back! Get back! Mr. Simpson, noooooo!
I've been a Simpsons fan for a very long time and I still don't really understand this joke....Can anyone fill me in?
I'm fairly certain it's just what it appears to be, another jab at Homer to make him look even more like a sexual deviant.
I think this is a reference to an . of Michael Jackson in 1986, which shows him "sleeping" in a hyperbaric chamber. The rumor was he did so to extend his life. The reality was, Michael was a joker and laid in the chamber for fun and also partly to feed the rumor to the media that he was a weird guy.
Oh ok. I thought it was referencing something. Thanks bro!
Homer Badman
Season 6 Episode 9
"Homer S: Portrait of an Ass-Grabber".Oooh, portrait! Sounds classy.
No, Mr. Simpson! A cat is a living creature..
I DON'T CARE! 
Now I'm gonna grab me somethin' SWEEEEEET.
No, Mr Simpson! That's sexual harassment! If you keep it up, I'll yell so loud the whole country will hear! 
With a man in the White House? NOT LIKELY!
Rowdy Roddy Peeper
Gotta get some... Of that... SWEET CAN... OH... SWEET CAN... 
oxygen tent [FTFY] :)
Remember, by the way, to tune in at eight o'clock for highlights of today's vigil, including when the garbage man came, and when Marge Simpson put the cat out... possibly because it was harassed, we don't know.
Of course, there's no way to see into the Simpson home without some kind of infrared heat-sensitive camera. So let's turn it on!  Now, this technology is new to me, but I'm pretty sure that's Homer Simpson in the oven, rotating slowly.  His body temperature has risen to over 400 degrees - he's literally stewing in his own juices.
Hey, that's a half truth!
One of the best lines in the show.
Ya heard me!
The Canine Mutiny
Season 8 Episode 20
Oh No!  I'm getting swimmer's ear!
They were saved by... oh let's say Moe.
I ated the purple berries.
they taste like burning
Das Bus
Season 9 Episode 14
Ok, delegates, you leave tomorrow for the statewide Model U.N., so this is out last chance to bone up. And bone we will!
children! do you want to sit around and squabble and waste time, or act like the real U.N.?
Young man, you're going to have to do some serious boning!
Sorry there Wendell, he has diplomatic immunity
Zeppelin Rules!
Make way for grapefruit! 
Girly Edition
Season 9 Episode 21
It's crun-chewy!

Lost Our Lisa
Season 9 Episode 24
The Lemon of Troy
Excellent choice..Any episode that's Bart or Lisa-focused would work (well not the bad Lisa ones)..Some others:.Kamp Krusty, The Front, Lisa's Rival, Lisa on Ice, Radioactive Man, Raging Abe Simpson and his Grumbling Grandson in: 'The Curse of the Flying Hellfish'
I think any of the episodes centering around the kids would be the way to go, you named quite a few good ones. I would also add in Skinner's Sense of Snow
If you're concerned with the "adultivity," maybe you should stick with the first 3 or 4 seasons when the show was relatively tamer.
Have her watch the episode that does a parody of "lord of the flies' the episode name is Das Bus. Its one of my favorites! Good luck!
Honestly, I'd say that most any episode would be fine. I grew up watching the Simpsons, for as long as I can remember, and any jokes or situations that were on the "adult" side went straight over my head. It wasn't until years later when I rewatched the earlier seasons that I realized what some of those jokes meant. 
One of my all time favorites. Kudos!
I've always wondered3 what country is dr nick from?
Helowevribade, Russia
Trilogy of Error
Season 12 Episode 18 
Lisa's First Word
Season 4 Episode 10
If it's a crime to love one's country, then I'm guilty. And if it's a crime to steal a trillion dollars from our government, and hand it over to communist Cuba, then I'm guilty of that too. And if it's a crime to bribe a jury, then so help me, I'll soon be guilty of that.
Mr Burns...I think we can trust the President of Cuba!
The Trouble with Trillions
Season 9 Episode 12

Lisa's Date with Density
Season 8 Episode 7
DAMMIT I was going to post this tonight. I was getting hung up on the exact mileage. Well played.
I love the king of the hill reference in the Simpsons 
Bart Star
Season 9 Episode 6
Who are we? The Wildcats! Who are we gonna beat? The Wildcats! 
Definitely one of my all time favorite jokes.
Who'll provide fer me little ones? 
$pringfield
Season 5 Episode 10
Marge in Chains
Season 4 Episode 21
Malaise Forever

As a non-american simpsons fanatic, I never understood this scene. Why supposedly was Jimmy Carter a monster?
He wasn't, i presume that is the joke, or they're just satirizing what republicans might have said about him over his failing to deal with the soviet invasion of afghanistan and the Iran hostage crisis.
Which is funny because the Carter administration initially began funding the mujaheddin in Afghanistan to fight the Soviets. It was one of the few programs the Reagan administration approved of and they expanded it.
The american GOP characterizes him as a sort of Neville Chamberlin and symbol of pure evil all in one.  

Ooh, looks like a loose nail.
Hurricane Neddy
Season 8 Episode 8
"Homer, you are the worst human being I've ever known"
"Hey, I got off easy".Classic!
I don't know who you are, but I'm sure you're a jerk!
Hey! I've only been here 5 minutes! What's going on?!?!
And then there's Lisa, the answer to a question nobody asked!
Why is the toilet in the kitchen?
Calllm down neddly diddly.. They did their best, shoddily-iddly-diddlyyy Awwh HELL DIDDLY DING DONG CRAP!
I am both shocked an offended.

Hi Lisa. We're going to be in a pie!
"I may be ugly and hatefilled, but...uhhh...what was the third thing you said?"
This is probably my favorite scene in the whole series.."I wouldn't take it down if I were you, that's a load bearing poster.".Maybe even my favorite episode for quotable lines.."Turn the middle side topwise, topwise!"
"The animals are always the first to know..."
We ran out of carpet here so we just painted the dirt... pretty clever!
Come on in! It's your master bedroom!
Ow, my nose!
This is the room with electricity, but it has too much electricity! So I dunno, you might want to wear a hat
I have no idea what that is, but the way he says it is hilarious. 
There has to be a army recruitment center somewhere around here
D'oh-in in the Wind
Season 10 Episode 6
Its a retro music act, they've been around late 60s- current doing songs from the 50s. They even had a TV show in the 70s. 
Chill out Abe, Homer's trying to groove.
Sha na na was a "faux retro"  group that sang doo wop songs from the 50's (which is why Abe liked them). Bowzer was a popular member of the group (the joke in the show was a goof, however, because Bowzer didn't join the group until after their Woodstock performance in 1969).
"Who will take the trash out?"
"Stomp it down for you?"
"Shake the plastic bag and do the twisty thingy too?"
The Garbagman!
Trash of the Titans
Season 9 Episode 22 
Everything should be in order
Heeeyyy... That's not the wallet inspector!
Oh ho, I can't BELIEVE that actually worked!
Moe Goes from Rags to Riches
Season 23 Episode 12
it has one of my . artistic scenes, but it's a pretty .. 
Looks like a Lisa episode. No thanks
That episode is terrible, don't Fry's dog me Simpsons!
Nobody said they weren't good anymore, they said they weren't good ~5 years ago. They're starting to turn a corner with better episodes lately
They do have some pretty good episodes. But they lasted longer before they declined in quality. Most shows get up to around season five and start to go down. Simpsons not till much later 
It's not that the Simpsons aren't good anymore, still very much on the better have of shows these days, but it's way past it's prime.
 a link if anyone is interested. It's seriously one of the best episodes they did in years. 
Maybe I'll give it a shot, but the problem that I have with the Simpsons is that it isn't . anymore. If you're trying to sell it to me with a screencap of Lisa crying over a dead whale, I'm probably going to pass.
A wise decision indeed, skipping a highly rated episode because the OP didn't use a funny screencap.
The OP described it as good,  and you are using the term "highly rated" . Nobody is saying funny. .I can imagine the tag line for this episode....   "Tonight on . of The Simpsons,  Lisa confronts her own mortality and the inevitability of death as her well intentioned plans take a dark turn...." 
Holidays of Future Passed is a good one..Ten-Per-Cent Solution was also pretty good.
Holidays of Future Passed is up there with the classics in my book.The Portlandia episode was good as well
'NSFW' but was expecting a link to the original video clip of it anyway..NOPE.
Hello, this is Homer Simpson, a.k.a. Happy Dude.  The court has ordered
me to call every person in town to apologize for my telemarketing scam.
I'm sorry.  If you can find it in your heart to forgive me, send one
dollar to Sorry Dude, 742 Evergreen Terrace, Springfield.  You have the
power.
"A dollar for eternal happiness? I be happier with the dollar"
Will you two shut up?! 
Lisa's Date with Density
Season 8 Episode 7
Where's my elephant? Where's my elephant? Where's my elephant? Where's my elephant?
There playing the elephant song!
Bart Gets an Elephant
Season 5 Episode 17
Bart Gets An Elephant has to be the best episode of the entire show.."Son, when you participate in sporting events, it's not whether you win or lose; it's how drunk you get."
I'm pretty sure that check is ivory
Man: "Well, sir, I'll be honest with you: I need a large African elephant and I need it today. But I'm afraid this just isn't what I'm looking for.".Homer: "What do you mean?  It's an elephant, isn't it?".Man: "Well, it is, and it isn't. If you understand what I mean.".[pause].Homer: "He likes peanuts."
Homer: "Look at these bills: chains for elephant. Shots for elephant. 'Oversized decorative poncho'?!".Bart: "Technically it's for a giraffe, but I think I can let it out a little.".Homer: "Well these bills will have to paid out of your allowance.".Bart: "You'll have to raise my allowance to about $1000 a week.".Homer: "Then that's what I'll do, smart guy."
I find it quite incredible that they haven't gone bankrupt
That's because they have a ..
Lisa: "Mom! Dad! Bart and Stampy are gone!".Marge: "Oh my Lord!".Lisa: "I bet it's 'cause of that horrible ivory dealer, ..".Homer: "That wasn't part of our deal, Blackheart. That wasn't part!"
Here's the keys.....Elephants don't have keys...
Then I'll just keep these then.
Little girl, I've had lots of jobs in my day-- whale hunter, seal clubber, president of the Fox network-- And, like most people, yeah, I've dealt a little ivory.
I don't know why, but the way Skinner uses the word "very" when yelling out to Bart from inside the locked office always makes me laugh...
Ohh yeah, the taxes! The finger thing means the taxes!
Prisoners in our own school...
The PTA Disbands
Season 6 Episode 21
Mrs. Krabappel: Seymour, you have to think of the children's future..
Seymour: Oh, Edna. We all know that these children HAVE no future..
Seymour: Prove me wrong, children. Prove me wrong.    
Aww, this is so endearing.
She liked makin' bacon on the beach..Oohhh, me too.
The Otto Show
Season 3 Episode 22
I really want some pizza now...
Oh god I want to do that right now.
Eat pizza and wank?  No-ones stopping you!
I just watched this scene 10 minutes ago. o.o
This isn't the bleedin' 
Lol. 420 up votes. 
Never noticed "Salt Doodles" before.
dat hotdog placement
No subtlety here.
Ohhhh baby... 
Basically sums up my high school experience too. 
Same, except instead of 'high school experience', it summarizes my entire life..No regrets.

I did it yesterday. I'm not proud 
Oh baby! (Homer eating a hot dog)
There was a little Spanish flea!
A record star he thought he'd be
He'd heard of singers like Beatles and
Chipmunks he'd seen on TV!
Why not a little Spanish flea?
And so he hiiiiiid, inside a dog.
Arriving here in the city.Still singing his sweet harmony.As brave as any flea could be
Simpsons fame...
Eight Misbehavin'
Season 11 Episode 7
Mother Simpson
Season 7 Episode 8
I say this all the time.
As do I. Daily.
Lady Bouvier's Lover
Season 5 Episode 21
Whoop-de-doo, Mr President!
I'm happy you found true love mr burns
No. >:(
Is this a real place?
It's a joke on the . which is a real place.
Itchy & Scratchy Land
Season 6 Episode 4
Are you a bot, or do you just . know the Simpsons?
Sadly no, I'm not a bot.
In that case, damn you know your Simpsons! I wish I knew Futurama  or the Simpsons that well. I once knew the first four seasons of Futurama well enough to name them though.
A day doesn't pass without me watching a Simpsons episode. I also used to be the same with Family Guy before it got cancelled.
Sounds like something a bot would say. Now I'm just waiting for you to start crying so your face bursts into flame.
nananana nananana fishing
Wait, I'm confused about the movie... so the cops knew internal affairs were setting them up?
Nananananananananananananananana-LEADER!.BATMANN!! ...I mean, LEADER!
"Maybe the drawings were a little crude, but all the characters
were there!"
I cried with laughter. Thank you sir
They haven't changed a bit!
This time...
I love the one over his shoulder
D'oh!
Two Dozen and One Greyhounds
Season 6 Episode 20
The Monkey Suit
Season 17 Episode 21
"Women don't like being shot in the face."
hehehe...that gets an extra chuckle/snicker out of me every time.
women will like what I tell them to like. 
The Wizard of Evergreen Terrace
Season 10 Episode 2
Homer's Triple Bypass
Season 4 Episode 11
yeah 93' I think, those early seasons will never get old.
[deleted]
Oh, look at me! I'm making people happy. I'm the magical man from
Happyland in a gumdrop house on Lollipop Laaane! 
Earlier seasons has Ralph much more well spoken as well, he isn't the simple child he is and seemingly becomes more and more at that point.
they drew sheri twice too 
No. One is Sheri, the other is Teri. 
then how come uncle moe only sings to one of them when they get their million dollar birthday fries? 
Mind = blown. 
I remember this from last week, it was funnier then.
That's unpossible!
Interesting. Anymore instances of this or maybe a theory to go off of?
Ahem. OK, here's what we've got: the Rand Corporation, in conjunction with the saucer people -- under the supervision of the reverse vampires --
are forcing our parents to go to bed early in a fiendish plot to CREATE CLONES OF RALPH WIGGUM!.We're through the looking glass, here, people...
Lazy animation department
Well in the episode where Lisa gets a pony...I think...Ralph talks but it isn't a normal Ralph voice. And I'm pretty sure we heard Ralph speak in earlier seasons and it was closer to what his voice is like today.
Bravo!
this is a repost. we had a whole hullabaloo over this too.
. 
And Maggie Makes Three
Season 6 Episode 13
Sideshow Bob's Last Gleaming
Season 7 Episode 9
Maybe my headache will go away once the show starts
One of the best episodes of all time!
In rod we trust
I'll bash you good!
I, for one, welcome our new insect overlords.
FREEDOM HORRIBLE HORRIBLE FREEDOM!
Was this scene a reference to something? It was bit out of ordinary the way it zooms out slowly while there's no sound and then the shadow appears.
i'm watching it now.  it is amazing
This episode and "Last Exit to Springfield" are those rare moments of pure creative brilliance when every single second is packed full of something funny, and all in the middle of motion picture-quality stories.
He's literally being inanimate. It zooms out and adds the shadow to show that a fair amount of time has passed. It's one of my favorite jokes from the show, the writing was very clever back then.
Ah, duh! English not being my first language I really didn't give the word "Inanimate" a second thought. Thanks.
the few seconds before this when he's filled with rage is amazing.
OP's image is actually an animated gif of this scene.
Wow! Did you get to actually . the rod?
Deep Space Homer
Season 5 Episode 15
Summer of 4 Ft. 2
Season 7 Episode 25
The Wizard of Evergreen Terrace
Season 10 Episode 2
You're doing the Lord's work, DerkaDerksen.
In the german version, which is often translated very badly, Brocklesteen says "... and incredibly bad breath", which is coincidently also somewhat very funny.
That in it's own right it pretty hilarious.
I was thinking just this, lol
He did?
Homeerrrr!
The Last Temptation of Homer
Season 5 Episode 9
are you a bot or just an avid fan?  either way, keep it up robotman.
Sadly no, I'm not a bot.
Fun fact: Werner Klemperer had forgotten how to do the voice of Colonel Klink, so he based his performance off of an impression by showrunner David Mirkin.
i know what my characters name will be when x and y come out 
I think you a word
If you enter it is as Milhaus it will fit.
me fail English? unpossable 
No, he only a letter
Sorry but I downvoted to see what the donut would look like. Was disappointed when it was just blue and not eaten. Have an upvote instead.
Marge Be Not Proud
Season 7 Episode 11
Depressing episode.
MOM!  BART'S SWEARING!
I always thought, if Milhouse had just entered his real name, it would have fit.
...You're right.
I just noticed that Skinner is sitting in the fromt row.
Makes me think of 
Re-.-cling?
I love the way he says synagogue
The Old Man and the Lisa
Season 8 Episode 21
I'm afraid I'm not familiar with that term you adorable little ragamuffin.
Reminds me of Ayn Rand.
I really want that "I'm high on capitalism" poster. 
but dad, my heart hurts...
I've done it. It feels like it's stuck in you forever.
She of Little Faith
Season 13 Episode 6
But doctor, I haven't injected the dye yet!
context please?
Treehouse of Horror X "I Know What You Diddily-Iddily-Did"
Season 11 Episode 4 
I live in New Zealand, and I'm frequently blown away at how often the nights re-run pops up here..Considering the massive syndication it's probably a series of flukes (and confirmation bias) but still.  It's awesome.
Oh no! I'm having a heart attack!
Diddly!
Hi Maude-diddily! I've been having fun with my pal Homer... diddily!
Oh, I'm so relieved. Whenever you go on one of your late-night fog walks, I get so worried!
Relax! I'm fine. But when I . die, I don't want any autopsies!
Well, come on down, you goofy roofie.
Just noticed the picture of the Flanders behind the couch as the beach house belongs to Ned, great detail.
Fill me.with . Ned.with ice!
I don't know what you have planned tonight, but count me out! 
I literally watched this episode a couple of hours ago! Great episode!
Ugh... I can totally hear him going that.
We celebrate ..


The Simpsons' portrayal of stock Generation Xers was both accurate and scathing at the same time.
Same! I have a feeling a few people in this subreddit may be rewatching the show. I've been rewatching seasons 2-9 and so many posts are timed perfectly with the episodes I just watched.
Never got rice krispies, but your mom was sure pushy with her tang...
Yeah, that's exactly what I'm doing. I'm up to season eight after a month of watching it. It's slow but steady and awesome!
You're not a big fan of season 1 either, huh? 
Its good for the nostalgia, but they didn't really get into their flow until season 2
Homers smile creeping up as he looks at the date Bart gets is one of my favourite facials in any episode. I've rewound it far too many times.
Put food in me!
I'll take that! 

You are a god, my new favourite reaction gif.
Scanning for sarcasm....It's clean!
The leatheroleum covers were worth the extra money! 
Oh! You can smell the benzene! 
Oh, when the kids see these layouts and fonts you're going to be the most popular girl in school!
You got friends, you got the dud right here! Stick up for yourself, Poindexter!
Uh, yeah, I'll take a box of condoms, that porno mag, some pantyliners, that jar of petroleum jelly....and some . illegal fireworks
you forgot the Old Harper! most important part
Celebrate the independence of your nation by blowing up a small part of it.
Wasn't there an enema in there too?
I'm sorry but the sale of fireworks is illegal in this sate and is punishable by follow meeeeee....
I don't know what you have planned for tonight, but count me out.
her hair gets caught on the door on the way in but not the way out
a wizard did it
Summer of 4 Ft. 2
Season 7 Episode 25
My mom's French so, we only celebrate . day
I know where we can get some baguettes!
See you in the car..- milhouse
Boy I hope someone got fired for that blunder.
Like you know...whatever...
  My .!
This is my favorite part of the whole episode.
One of my favourite lines ever. That and "He looks just like you poindexter!!"
"Let me have one of those porno magazines... large box of condoms, bottle of Old Harper... a couple of those panty shields, and some illegal fireworks, and one of those disposable enemas... Nah, make it two."
Homer, I dont know what you have planned for tonight, but count me out...
Stand up for yourself, poindexter
Classic Midge. 
this is the national air and space museum right?
Is your name Bart?
Bart After Dark
Season 8 Episode 5
yes
Does your dad know you are here?
It was his idea.
In that case I'll have a whiskey sour.
Are they talking about the bordello?.No. The burlesque house, so keep your mouth shut. 
Belle: Your son was trespassing on my property and destroyed a very valuable stone gargoyle and... are you wearing a grocery bag?.Homer: I have misplaced my pants.
I was only there to get directions on how to get away from there.

I really wanted that to be a gif.
You can't explain that.
NO PRAYING
Homer's Triple Bypass
Season 4 Episode 11 
Marge Gamer
Season 18 Episode 17
A Milhouse Divided
Season 8 Episode 6
Favorite episode.
I sleep in a racing car. Do you?
I sleep in a big bed with my wife
Oh
I was always impressed that Homer knew what alkali flats were.
He also knows the names of Supreme Court justices.  Homer can surprise you sometimes 
Can't he be both, like the great Earl Warren?.Earl Warren wasn't a stripper!.Now who's being naive?
: Nerds are nothing to fear, Dad. In fact, some nerds of note include popcorn magnate Orville Redenbacher, rock star David Byrne, and Supreme Court Justice David Souter..: Oh no! Not .!
And the most powerful Ayatollahs in Iran.
Can I borrow a feeling?
Would you lend me a jar of love? 
Hurting heart needs some healing.
It's your picture on the co...
My wife wouldn't let me have this in our vows :(
I might not get the whole thing but I'm definitely gonna underline poorer. 
That's reddit for you.
Homer the Vigilante
Season 5 Episode 11
Ughhh.. just let it go man. Every week this is reposted (fine) but this same comment is always at the top.
I literally just found this subreddit yesterday. I wasn't sure what the appropriate response was, so I checked out all the previous posts of this picture and just figured the top comment in them would be acceptable content.
Lol oh don't like apologize or feel bad. I'm just complaining about something pointless.
Oh, it's alright. I'm just posting something pointless.
Damn beat me to it. Reddit in a nutshell.
Bart of Darkness
Season 6 Episode 1
Many years ago there was much talk of forming a surf band named Milpool. 
"But you're wearing your glasses"."...no I'm not"
You called?
He's legit - redditor for 10 months
I love the fact more and more people are creating and posting GIFS on this /r/ now.
I'm learnding.
Chalmers face is priceless. 
Mew.
Aw, thank God!  Now, let's talk rust-proofing.  These
               Colecos'll rust up on ya' like that, er ... shut up,
               Gil.  Close the deal ... close the deal!
D'ah, she's a beaut'.  You can't beat a Coleco, eh ...?  How many can I put ya' down for, a lot?  Please say "a lot," I need this.
Lisa Gets an "A"
Season 10 Episode 7
You do good work. Thank you.
I have this on my login screen
Me fail English? That's unpossible!
Flanders: The good lord asked me to confess something.Homer: (Internal voice(w/ fingers crossed) gay gay gay gay gay
Dear Lord, please make Homer's blows precise and deadly with a minimum of pain. Oh! And forgive me for those impure thoughts I had about the girl on the raisin box..Diatribe of a Mad Housewife
Season 15 Episode 10
Homer was standing over him with a bat or axe or something. Can't remember the context though.
Thanks! 
Kind of dark if you ask me. I would go with a normal faced Bart..Just a general advise to getting tattoos. If this is your first one and you've just gotten into the age where you can (legally) get one think real hard about it and ask many people about their opinion. I got my first tattoo when I was 18, ignored people telling me cons of it and now regret it. Tattoos are there for life and you should really think them through.
El Viaje Misterioso de Nuestro Jomer
Season 8 Episode 9
Saw this when I was a kid, didn't get the reference until now.
Pygmoelian
Season 11 Episode 16
Here's the clip:

I don't remember this episode.
A little on the nose, don't you think?
A gay president for 2084?

We're realistic.
Mr. Plow
Season 4 Episode 9
The Ziff Who Came to Dinner
Season 15 Episode 14
Lisa vs. Malibu Stacy
Season 5 Episode 14
Don't ask me, I'm just a girl
Now let's forget all our troubles with a big bowl of strawberry ice cream!
Lisa: All right. Now all we need is a name..Bart: How about Blabbermouth, the jerky doll for jerks?.Lisa: How about Minerva, after the Roman goddess of wisdom?.Stacy Lavelle: Ehh, not enough commercial appeal..Bart: Wendy Windbag? Ugly Doris? Hortense the Mule-Faced Doll!.Stacy Lavelle: I think we should name her after Lisa. We'll call her Lisa Lionheart..Bart: No, Loudmouth Lisa! Stupid Lisa Garbage Face! [no one listens] I can't stand this any longer. Somebody please pay attention to me! Hello, pay attention to me! Look at me! I'm Bart, I'm Bart! Look at me, look at me, look at me!
My spidey sense is tingling! Anyone call for a web slinger?
There's something definatly wrong with my Malibu Stacey doll...
Season 16 Episode 17: The Heartbroke Kid 
Oh I guess I'm not needed here.
I've learned that even made up corporate shills can lie to you.
Watched this episode the other day and was unbelievably funny
"We're foreign exchange students from Scotland"
"I'm from Scotland, where do you hail from?"
"North Kilt Town"
"No kidding! I'm from North Kilt Town! Do you know Agnus McCloud?"
"Wait a minute.. there's no Agnus McCloud in North Kilt Town! You aren't from Scotland at all are you?"
"Mr. Marucha, helllp"
Lard of the Dance
Season 10 Episode 1
Lady Bouvier's Lover
Season 5 Episode 21 
I wasn't a very talkative person in High School, but the one time I talked, someone sarcastically said "He can talk!" and with this scene in mind, I yelled "I can siiiiiinnngggggg!" and everyone thought I was a weirdo, and they didn't get the reference 
I was in your class.  You were kinda weird, but i got the reference.
A Fish Called Selma
Season 7 Episode 19
MacArthur Parker, MY agent?  I havent talked to you in five years!
The breakdancing was the best 
Sunshine on my shoulders makes me happy.
Just watched that episode today!
Bart of Darkness
Season 6 Episode 1

This avocado gave me a weddin' ring
Moe, I think he meant through non-violent grassroots political action!
HAHA! I forgot about that line! (and that is rare) Thank you!
Sideshow Bob Roberts
Season 6 Episode 5
The War of the Simpsons
Season 2 Episode 20
This confused me so much as a european 10 yeard old who watched The Simpsons with subtitles. 
When I first saw this, I didn't know all the "facts" were made up. I believed them until about 2006.
The Simpsons 138th Episode Spectacular
Season 7 Episode 10
If you said Bleeding Gums Murphy and Dr. Marvin Monroe, you're wrong! They were never popular
What other right wing messages are there?
That's what they said on the episode but in reality the register never says that.  It gives a number, which is a number associated with Groening's something... birthday?  mom's birthday?  I forget.
I think it was the sum what it costs to rise an infant per month in the US.
Winner!  I was way off.
That episode's . is fantastic.
Considering how young I was when that came out, this was what I thought Matt Groening looked like for several years.
I thought I was the only one..So this is what it feels like when doves cry
GET OUT OF MY OFFICE! 
 
Of course, what Matt meant to say, according to his attorneys, is that he couldn't possibly do it alone.
Buy me Bonestorm or go to hell!
Marge Be Not Proud
Season 7 Episode 11
Moooooom! Bart's smoking!
Mr. Spritz Goes to Washington
Season 14 Episode 14
Uhh, I see a bad moon a-rising.    
Not CCR, CPR!
FML
A Star Is Burns
Season 6 Episode 18
They just added him in Tapped out, and this is one of his tasks. I haven't unlocked him yet, but I think it takes around a day.
Those gears down there really hurt
Homer vs. the Eighteenth Amendment
Season 8 Episode 18
I'll take a bathtub mint julep.
 Oh, sorry, dear.
Homerpalooza
Season 7 Episode 24
Wolfcastle just showed up in the Tapped Out game this week and I was dying for him to recreate this scene.
This was a huge meme back in the day, for when you saw a really gross picture. 
This was Groening's favourite line from the whole series wasn't it?
He says that a lot in the commentaries. It certainly could be his favorite, or it could be one of the several other lines he says he likes.
I used to quote this all the time whenever we had a lab in chemistry 
Good on you. I have no idea how this of all lines has become one of the most mis-quoted, but you're doing God's work.
It wasn't my fault.  I wished him well...
YOU ARE OUR NEW FALLOUT BOY!

Radioactive Man
Season 7 Episode 2
You left out THEY
I was with you, but I guess we were both wrong...
Not part of the line!!!
This is really the "Luke I am your father" of our day

Seriously it's crazy how this is always misquoted.
I say this quote alllll the time out of impulse and I have no idea why - it's forever stuck in my head.. However, no one ever knows wtf I am talking about!  Ha, thanks for this - for some reason it made happy!  Have an UV :)
this must be how everyone who got google glasses felt when they first used them....
It's the worst villain of them all:  The Scoutmaster! 
"Don't be afraid to use your nails, boys!"
When he is stuck in his trailer after the acid-wave crashes through everything and his pants melt off.... I laugh my ass off every time and i've likely watched this episode 1000 times now.
I love the pained noises he makes during that part.."Ah! Oo! Aaah!"
FLIM Springfield
This place must be hot! They don't need a big ad, or even proper spelling.
If only they knew about Quimby's "Leaving Town Tax".
"Uh, I mean a tax on NOT wearing puffy pants."
I agree with that logic
Get me two plane tickets to the state that Springfield is in!
There's a $1000 puffy director's pants fine.
There's a $1000 leaving town tax!
But I don't wear puffy pants.
Er, uh I meant a fine for not wearing puffy pants.
Oy.
Jimmy Jillikers!
Now is not the time for profanity.
I've said jiminy jilikers so many times the words have lost all meaning!
We're shutting down production!
Thank god we're back in hollywood, where people treat each other right
The song that followed after that quote was really nice.
Up and at them.
Up and atom!

Better.
REAL acid?
this episode and the mr. burns teddy bear episode ("i'd just like to say this gig sucks!") came on back to back when i got home from work yesterday and instantly made my day.
Anyone know of a good place to watch this episode? 
Truer words have never been spoken
The bees are on the what now?.Simpson, you diabolical..
Oh my god I remember this scene so much but I cannot for the life of me remember why he has that sugar...
Of course you've gotta be careful about what you do with the sugar  
Ow. OW! Oh, they're defending themselves somehow!
I quoted this three days ago and noone understood. Now I feel like we belong together.
In a creepy way.
Best Simpsons skit ever in my opinion. I burst out laughing every time I see it, and it's oh so quotable. 
 has every episode, I think.
Sure does. It even has a random episode button for when you can't decide.
This is one of my favorite episodes. Especially the parts where the FBI is trying to catch Milhouse. I also enjoy the "Why would they come to our concert just to boo us?" part with Lisa.
Top ten simpsons moments ever
To the bee mobile ! 
White Gold! Texas Tea...sweetener!
Spammy site but hasn't killed my computer yet. They have all the eps streaming: 
Just curious, is this a Scarface reference?
In China, first you get the rice, then you get the women, then you get the population, 
Those are prizes! Ooh, a blasting cap!
Lisa's Rival
Season 6 Episode 2
 .link for anyone interested in watching it
And for those like me without any means of listening to it, a 
Yes.  The original quote by Tony Montana is "First you get the money, then you get the power, then you get the women."
I haven't even seen Scarface (sorry) and I still find this quote hilarious.
Oh, then you MUST see Scarface my friend!  One of the most quotable movies of all time, IMO.
Have the Rolling Stones killed 
But sir, that's the R-
DO AS I SAY!
Hans Moleman crashed a truck full of it and promptly removed the how's my driving sticker. Homer offers to watch the sugar and while Hans walks away he says only if the sugar is as sweet as you are. Homer then steals it. 
*If only the sugar were as sweet as you
Oh no!  Bees!  Oh, they're defending themselves somehow!
No noise means...no bees...
It's quiet, a little too quiet. You see, bees tend to make noise... NO NOISE suggests no bees...
Oh, I understand now.
There goes one.
To the Bee Mobile!
My Sugar is MELTING! MELTING! Oh What a world!
To the Bee Mobile! .You mean your Chevy? .Yes. 
Read your town charter, boy.  "If foodstuff should touch the ground, said foodstuff shall be turned over to the village idiot."  Since I don't see him around...start shoveling!
All right, pal... where'd you get the sugar for that tea?.I nicked it when you let your guard down for that split second, and I'd do it again.  . Goodbye.
Never, Marge. Never. I can't live the button-down life like you. I want it all: the terrifying lows, the dizzying highs, the creamy middles. Sure, I might offend a few of the bluenoses with my cocky stride and musky odors - oh, I'll never be the darling of the so-called "City Fathers" who cluck their tongues, stroke their beards, and talk about "What's to be done with this Homer Simpson?"
/schwartzwelder 
It was actually written by Mike Scully.
i found a $100 bill today!
I think the musky odors line is when I lose it and crack up. Just reading it is funny.
I need a video of this!
What does it have to do with Swartzwelder?
Oh god, that's perfect. Perhaps the best quote in the history of the Simpsons
Just get rid of the sugar
Totally agree!  And Dan Castenella pulled it off ..
Add in some ridiculously hilarious David Silverman animation and you've got the ultimate Simpsons moment!
I forgot about that one. These are my favorite types of quotes. My other favorite homer monologue - ."Look Marge, you don't know what it's like - I'm the one out there every day putting his ass on the line. And I'm not out of order! You're out of order! The whole freaking system is out of order! You want the truth? You want the truth? You can't handle the truth! 'Cause when you reach over and put your hand into a pile of goo that was your best friend's face, you'll know what to do!! Forget it Marge, it's Chinatown!!!"
I need some context
I kind of wanted to downvote this just for the fucks of it :) 
This has to be the greatest post I have seen on r/simpsons yet, great job!
Anyone else go through and downvote all moonmanhere's previous posts on principle?
The original quote is a metaphor for karma.  So deep.
I've had this happen to me on many occasions. It actually pleases me knowing the people who spend their time doing this sort of thing are genuinely pathetic. 
Guilty as hell
I did this to one person who was a total and complete asshole to me, and was going through my comment history and insulting me on other threads in other subs as well. So I just spent the length of a movie going through and downvoting him. I cost him several hundred karma..I really gotta get a job...
I don't think it works like that, I think reddit has some mechanism to prevent it, not sure though someone can correct me if I'm wrong.
Why does it only let me upvote once? :B
Stupid sexy Flanders
Stupid Flanders still thinks karma means something...
Salt the earth so nothing grows.
We've all done that. I have no idea what . did to piss me off, but apparently he did.
Thought* 
Sorry but just reinforcing the point below 
Stupid Flanders.
Stupid sexy Flanders. FTFY
You do know that you are inviting more assholes to downvoted you correct?
Going through post history and down voting doesn't affect anything. One would actually have to go through each individual post. You most have done/said something really dumb for that level of commitment. 
We've all been there. ....well, I have anyway, while drunk. 
If you just go to their profiles and mass down vote stuff from there, those votes don't count. However, if you open each link and then down vote them, they count. 
Only for about 100. Then your downvotes never count on their posts. Not that I've done that. 
Well I am going to go and upvote everything he has posted.
YOU! You, motherfucker! YOU are the MAN!
This happens to me frequently, I see it as a badge of honor. If I evoke that much emotion out of someone then... I forgot where I was going with this. .The point is,
I like stories. 
Well, you're okay in my book. atleast according to RES, I've approved of at least one thing you've said, though I can no longer recall what.
It's Reddit, where everyone is an asshole and nobody, yet everybody...is right.
no
No.
Stay outta my booze!
Faith Off
Season 11 Episode 11
Make a wish
I think that people are missing the fact it's 11:11
I wish everyone could enjoy every season of The Simpsons like I do, and I mean every season.
 season?
EVERY!
The lesson is, never post.
to the internet! the cause... and solution to all of life's problems.
"Uh oh...you're over-stimulated. Lets get some beer in you, and then it's straight to bed."
Beer beer beer! Bed bed bed!
Can't make a float without flowers...
"Did you have to salt the earth so that nothing would ever grow again?"

Great effort taken here, thanks for that! 
One of my favorite lines of all times 
heheheheh... yeeeeah.
Hehehe. Yeah...
such a simple line that cracks me every single time
It's the consensus among my friends that it's one of Dan Castellaneta's simplest and most memorable readings of all time.
I've got to go with:
I say this so often in real life I am starting to annoy myself.
You should try living next door of yourself.
